MASTER ́S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS
______________________________________________________________

Catherine Silvério Guisso

THE PROTECTION OF THE EXTREMELY POOR
THROUGH THE HUMAN RIGHTS FRAMEWORK

Master ́s Thesis in Public International Law
Master ́s Programme in International Law and
Human Rights
Supervisor: Viljam Engström
Åbo Akademi
2020

Catherine Silvério Guisso
ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights Law
Author: Catherine Silvério Guisso
Title of the Thesis: The Protection of the Extremely Poor Through the Human Rights Framework
Supervisor: Viljam Engström
Abstract:
Freedom from poverty is one of the most important human interests. In 2015, 735 million people were
still living below the extreme poverty line, established at $1.90 per day. Extremely poor people are
unable to meet their basic needs for survival. They suffer from undernutrition, famine, illiteracy and
death from poverty-related and preventable diseases. This thesis aims to establish the role of the human
rights framework when tackling extreme poverty. In order to do this, four research questions are
proposed: (i) In which ways can the international human rights framework be a resourceful tool for
mitigating extreme poverty? (ii) Which human rights can be invoked in protecting the extremely poor?
(iii) What are the obligations of states towards the extremely poor? (iv) How has extreme poverty been
addressed by national and international courts when finding violations of human rights? In order to
answer these questions, key international documents are analysed using the legal dogmatic method.
Hard law documents do not prescribe poverty as a human rights violation, however, they prescribe the
rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty. Therefore, in order to establish a straightforward
connection to extreme poverty, hard law provisions are complemented by soft law instruments.
It is argued that there are four human rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty: (i) the right
to life, (ii) the right to adequate standards of living, including the right to adequate housing, the right to
food and the right to water, (iii) the right to health and (iv) the right to education. Considering the
minimum core content of these rights, it is possible to establish a straightforward connection to extreme
poverty and invoke an immediate state obligation towards the extremely poor. Rather than presenting
the content of each of these rights in a comprehensive way, it is proposed to discuss their most relevant
features in connection to poverty. Furthermore, this thesis shows how national and international courts
have addressed adjudication made by the extremely poor in relation to these rights, showing how
poverty was considered as an important factor to asset the violation of human rights. This thesis focuses
on the protection systems and jurisprudence developed in Africa and Latin America as extreme poverty
as a social phenomenon is only found in developing countries. It is argued that, although there are
obstacles that affect poor people disproportionally regarding access to justice, litigation is an important
tool to empower and protect the poor.
Key words: Extreme Poverty, Human Rights, Minimum Core, Poverty Jurisprudence
Date: 07.01.2020

Number of pages: 76 + 16
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and annexes: 29.508

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

i

Catherine Silvério Guisso

Abbreviations and Acronyms
ACHR - American Convention on Human rights
ACHPR - African Commission on Human and People’ Rights
CEDAW - Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against
Women
CESCR - Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
CRC - Convention on the Rights of the Child
ICCPR - International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
ICESCR - International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
ICJ - International Court of Justice
IDLO - International Development Law Organization
NGO - Non-Governmental Organization
OHCHR - Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights
UDHR - Universal Declaration of Human Rights
UN - United Nations
UNDP - United Nations Development Programme
UNESCO - United Nations Educational Scientific and Cultural Organization
UNICEF - United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund
UNGA - United Nations General Assembly
WHO - World Health Organization

ii

Catherine Silvério Guisso

Table of Contents
1. Introduction............................................................................................................................................................................. 1
1.1. Extreme Poverty: Background of the Research Problem and Research Questions .................. 1
1.2. Methodology ................................................................................................................................................................... 3
1.3. Limitations ...................................................................................................................................................................... 5
1.4. Structure ........................................................................................................................................................................... 6
2. Poverty and human rights - Establishing Connections ..................................................................................... 8
2.1. Defining Poverty........................................................................................................................................................... 8
2.2. Poverty and Human Rights .................................................................................................................................. 10
3. The International Framework for the Protection of the Extremely Poor ............................................ 17
3.1. Constitutive Rights to Extreme Poverty in International Instruments ........................................ 17
3.2. Nature and Scope of Legal Obligation ............................................................................................................ 21
3.2.1. The Justiciability of Economic and Social Rights .................................................................................. 21
3.2.2. Minimum Core Obligations ......................................................................................................................... 27
4. The Content and Applicability of Human Rights with Constitutive Relevance to Poverty .......... 32
4.1. The Right to Life ........................................................................................................................................................ 32
4.2. The Right to Adequate Standards of Living Including Housing, Food and Water ................... 40
4.2.1. The Right to Adequate Standards of Living ........................................................................................ 40
4.2.2. The Right to Adequate Housing................................................................................................................ 42
4.2.3. The Right to Food............................................................................................................................................. 47
4.2.4. The Right to Water .......................................................................................................................................... 53
4.3. The Right to Health .................................................................................................................................................. 57
4.4. The Right to Education........................................................................................................................................... 64
4.5. The Importance of a Poverty Jurisprudence and Access to Justice ................................................ 68
5. Conclusions ........................................................................................................................................................................... 73
Bibliography .................................................................................................................................................................................. I

iii

Catherine Silvério Guisso

1. Introduction
1.1. Extreme Poverty: Background of the Research Problem and Research Questions
During the last three decades, the number of people living in extreme poverty worldwide,
considering the headcount ratio at $1.90 a day, has decreased from 35.9% to 10%. While there
has been undeniable progress, the number of people living in extreme poverty is still alarming.
In 2015, 735 million people were living below the extreme poverty line, unable to meet their
basic needs to survive.1 As a consequence, extremely poor people experience chronic
undernutrition, famine, illiteracy and death from poverty-related and preventable diseases. 2
Extreme poverty is a multidimensional and complex issue caused by social, economic, cultural
and political processes. This thesis embraces the concept of capability poverty, which considers
both income and social well-being when defining the phenomenon. Freedom from extreme
poverty is one of the most important human interests.3 Since the beginning of the 1990’s,
extreme poverty has been understood as a human rights issue by international organizations,
including the United Nations (UN) system. During the last years, the UN system and other
international agencies have been legitimating and increasing the recognition of the negative
impact of extreme poverty on the ability of people to enjoy their basic freedoms and human
rights.4
It is well established that extreme poverty and human rights are part of the same struggle and
that improving human rights has a direct effect on diminishing extreme poverty. 5 Regardless
of the advocacy of international agencies for the understanding of extreme poverty as a human
rights violation, extreme poverty itself is not established as a violation of human rights by any
binding instrument.6 Even in resolutions adopted by the United Nations General Assembly
(UNGA), extreme poverty is recognized as a violation of human dignity, an obstacle to the

1

See World Bank, 2019(a) available at http://povertydata.worldbank.org/Poverty/Home.
Pogge, 2007, p. 11-13.
3
Ibid. p. 11.
4
Economic and Social Council, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43, para. 2.
5
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 17.
6
E.g. Economic and Social Council, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006.. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43.
2

1

Catherine Silvério Guisso
fulfilment of all human rights but not as a human rights violation as such. 7 As consequence,
extremely poor people are not entitled to claim in national courts, judicial bodies or
international courts that their human rights are violated, solely on the basis of their poverty.
However, the absence of recognition of extreme poverty as a violation of human rights does
not mean that the extremely poor have no protection under the human rights framework.
Therefore, the research questions of this thesis are:
(i) In which ways can the international human rights framework be a resourceful tool
for mitigating extreme poverty?
(ii) Which human rights can be invoked for protecting the extremely poor?
(iii) What are the obligations of states towards the extremely poor?
(iv) How has extreme poverty been addressed by national and international courts when
finding violations of human rights?
It is important to clarify that the primary responsibility to guarantee the implementation of the
rights which have a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty, and all human rights, belongs to
national actors. As clarified by the former High Commissioner of Human Rights: “it is through
action at the national level that international human rights obligations can be translated into
reality”.8 The implementation of human rights occurs on a national level. Many states have
human rights prescribed in their domestic legislation.
When a state ratifies regional and international human rights instruments, they are required to
ensure that the individuals in their jurisdiction can benefit from the guarantees prescribed by
these instruments.9 International treaties can be directly applicable at national level as well. In
many cases, constitutional law provides the applicability of international treaties. 10 In some
countries all the international treaties are part of the domestic legislation automatically. In other
states, international treaties are incorporated in domestic systems and, in a third group of
countries, they are implemented through domestic legislation that makes human rights
applicable without giving them the status of domestic law. National courts often rely on

7

The latest: General Assembly, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty, 15 January 2019. UN doc. A/RES/73/163.
But also UN Doc. A/RES/57/211, UN Doc. A/RES/53/146, UN Doc. A/RES/47/196, UN Doc. A/RES/46/121.
8
General Assembly, In Larger Freedom: Towards Development, Security and Human Rights for All. Report of
the Secretary-General, Annex, Plan of Action, May 2005. UN doc. A/59/2005/Add.3, para. 22
9
Boerefijn, 2012, p. 631.
10
Scheinin, 2012, p. 19-37.

2

Catherine Silvério Guisso
international instruments as a source of inspiration or as an interpretive guide to apply domestic
legislation. 11 Furthermore, international systems have supervisory monitoring functions which
have the capacity to contribute towards the implementation and evolution of international
human rights law. 12
1.2. Methodology
In order to answer the research questions, relevant international documents are analysed and
systematised using the legal dogmatic method. There are three sources of international law
defined by article 38 of Statute of the International Court of Justice (ICJ). These are: (i)
international conventions which establish rules that are expressly recognized by the State
parties, (ii) international customary law, as evidence of general practice accepted as law, and
(iii) the general principles of international law recognized by civilized nations. Moreover, the
article prescribes other sources which are considered subsidiary: judicial decisions and the
teachings of the most highly qualified publicists. 13
As previously argued, hard law instruments do not prescribe extreme poverty as a human rights
violation. However, hard law instruments prescribe the rights which have a constitutive
relevance to poverty, as will be analysed in the following chapter. Those considered in this
thesis are: The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR),
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), the African Charter on Human
and Peoples' Rights and the American Convention on Human Rights (ACHR).
In order to establish a straightforward connection to extreme poverty, hard law provisions are
complemented by soft law instruments. Soft law documents have different legal implications
than hard law provisions. However, human rights treaties tend to be textually abstract, Scheinin
argues that “only through substantive knowledge of the case law, concluding observations,
general comments or other interpretive material emanating from the international monitoring
body, will national actors be able to understand what a human rights treaty really is about”.14

11

Scheinin, 2012, p. 657.
Ibid.
13
ICJ, Statute of the International Court of Justice, 1946, Article 38.
14
Scheinin, 2012, p. 676.
12

3

Catherine Silvério Guisso
These above mentioned soft instruments are used to detail and clarify the provisions prescribed
in hard law instruments.
There are different monitoring functions in international systems. Two of them will be
discussed in the following chapters :(i) the function to clarify the content and obligations of
states towards human rights and (ii) the function to offer subsidiary protection through
complaints procedures which consider individual communication. 15 Documents originated
from the first function will be used to clarify the scope, nature and content of states obligations
towards the extreme poor. Those documents are: the General Comments issued by the Human
Rights Committee and the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. 16 To Scheinin,
general comments are a form of institutionalized practise of interpretation. They are based in
reporting procedures, case law, other sources of international law and academic writing. 17 In
the same way, Riedel clarifies that general comments aim to elucidate the understanding of the
rights and obligations anchored in the covenants, orientating actions and policies for all actors
involved in the promotion and fulfilment of human rights. Although general comments are not
legally binding, Riedel argues that states generally apply the criteria developed in the comments
and whenever a dialogue is settled with states, it usually follows the criteria prescribed in the
general comments. They are legal standards that meet with little opposition from states. 18 The
case law originated from this second function will be used to support the claim that human
rights litigation, also in international level, can be an important tool to empower and protect
the poor. The cases of the UN system will not be considered, but the jurisprudence of the
African and the Inter-American systems because of the concentration of extreme poverty in
both regions.
There are also other relevant UN documents for discussing extreme poverty and human rights,
such as the Special Rapporteur’s reports on extreme poverty and human rights, which are
included in this thesis. Additionally, reports from other international agencies are considered,
such as UNESCO and UNICEF, as well as other academic publications in the human rights
field.

15

Other international monitoring functions include reporting systems and inquiry procedures.
Von Schorlemer, 2011, p. 477.
17
Scheinin, 2012, p. 666-667.
18
Riedel, p.145-146.
16

4

Catherine Silvério Guisso
1.3. Limitations
In order to maintain the focus on the research questions it is necessary to restrict the scope of
this thesis. Firstly, it is important to acknowledge that once poverty is a multidimensional and
complex issue it cannot be expected that the human rights field would offer all the answers to
tackle the issue. Legal rules can affect the distribution of income, assets and power and they
can contribute for the creation or perpetuation of imbalances between and within states.
Therefore, only within the legal field there are many other areas that could be addressed in the
attempt to tackle extreme poverty, such as trade, labour, contract, tort, taxation, intellectual
property and immigration.19 These fields are important in addressing the causes of poverty and
inequality, however, they are out of the scope of this thesis. There are many other areas outside
the legal field that have relevant tools for tackling this complex issue, such as public policies
related to cash transfer and redistribution of income. However, this thesis is limited exclusively
on the tools that the human rights field can offer to mitigate extreme poverty.
Moreover, it is important to clarify that this thesis focuses only on extreme poverty. Poverty is
a wider phenomenon. The current poverty line is established at the headcount ratio of $5.00
per day. In 2013, more than 3 billion people suffered from poverty. 20 This thesis analyses only
the poorest of the poor. Most of the connections between poverty and human rights can be
established considering poverty as a wider phenomenon, for example, when establishing which
human rights are considered to have a constitutive relevance to poverty. However, the
limitation to extreme poverty is important when considering the rise of state obligations to
tackle the issue. It is argued that only extreme poverty invokes an immediate obligation on
states, once the survival of people is threatened.
Furthermore, extreme poverty as a social phenomenon is an issue that only affects developing
states. 21 Although it is recognized that poverty can be determined by domestic and international
factors, this thesis focuses on developing states and their obligations towards their population.
Nevertheless, it is important to notice that the international cooperation for development is an
obligation for all states, especially of those which are able to assist others.22
19

Williams, 2006, p. 1.
UNICEF, 2016, p. 75.
21
Sachs, 2005, p. 20.
22
As established in the Declaration on the Right to Development (UN General Assembly, Declaration on the
Right to Development: resolution / adopted by the General Assembly, 4 December 1986, UN Doc A/RES/41/128).
20

5

Catherine Silvério Guisso
1.4. Structure
In order to answer the research questions, Chapter 2 establishes the connection between poverty
and human rights. Poverty is defined by embracing the Amartya Sen’s conception of capability
poverty and basic freedoms. After that, it is shown how the human rights agenda and the
poverty agenda are connected. Also, it is argued that although a wide range of human rights
can be considered when addressing poverty, there are only a few human rights which are part
of the definition of poverty or, in other words, which have a constitutive relevance to poverty.
In order to define those rights, a correspondent human right to each basic freedom is
established. Those are (i) the right to life, (ii) the right to adequate standards of living, including
adequate food, housing and water23, (iii) the right to health and (iv), the right to education.
Chapter 3 presents the international framework for the protection of extremely poor people and
the nature and scope of the state’s obligations towards those rights. This chapter is divided in
two sections. The first presents the hard law instruments that prescribes the rights which have
a constitutive relevance to poverty. The second section presents the nature and scope of those
rights, analysing the obligations of states through soft law documents. In this section the
minimum core obligations of states are introduced. Minimum core obligations are set to ensure
that a minimum essential level of each right is realized in every state. Those are related to
essential food, primary health care, basic shelter, housing and the most basic form of
education. 24 The obligation to fulfil the minimum core is immediate and not passive to the
progressive realization of rights. Therefore, it is argued that extreme poverty as a phenomenon
can be considered a violation of the state toward its population.
Chapter 4 presents the content of the human rights in connection to poverty. In other words,
the aim of this section is not to present an exhaustive analysis of the content of each of the
rights, but rather, to concentrate on the matters which are mostly relevant to the poverty
discussion. In this sense, the minimum core content of each of the rights is central. Moreover,
it is demonstrated how national and international courts have addressed claims made by

International cooperation is also encouraged in the article 2 of the ICESCR (1966), related to states’ obligations
and article 11 related to adequate standards of living.
23
The right to water was later understood as a part of the right to adequate standards of living in the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Those features will be further explained in the Chapter 4.
24
CESCR, General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990. UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, para. 9-10.

6

Catherine Silvério Guisso
extremely poor people and how courts have considered poverty as a key factor when finding
violations of human rights. The last section of Chapter 4 concludes the previous sections
arguing that judicial protection is an important tool in mitigating poverty. Also, the judicial
obstacles that poor people face when seeking judicial remedies are presented.
Extreme poor people are considered a vulnerable group. Vulnerable groups are composed by
people that, because of certain social factors, find themselves or may find themselves affected
by harm in a disproportional way when comparing to others in the society. To Nifosi-Sutton,
the idea of vulnerability in international human rights law shall take in account: (i) the extent
of the lack of legal protection and deprivation of rights which affects certain groups, (ii)
whether the denial of those rights derives from discrimination based on prohibited grounds,
(iii) the role that the states must play in order to deal with the protection of those groups and
(iv) the empowerment of this groups in terms of participation and their access to justice and to
seek redress when their rights have been violated.25 As demonstrated in this introduction, this
thesis discusses the main points proposed by Nifosi-Sutton, showing how deprivation of human
rights affects disproportionally the extreme poor, what are the states obligation towards them
and discuss how the international human rights law and access to justice can be a resourceful
tool for mitigating extreme poverty.

25

Nifosi-Sutton, 2017, p. 276-277.

7

Catherine Silvério Guisso
2. Poverty and human rights - Establishing Connections
2.1. Defining Poverty
The conceptual debate on poverty began in the nineteenth century with the perspective of
subsistence. Since then, the way to understand, characterize and measure poverty has evolved
towards a more complex perception of the issue. In the 1950’s, the perspective of basic needs
was the first to consider private and public assets in the understanding of poverty. This
perspective includes the possibility to afford food, shelter, clothes (as private assets) and also
the access to water, sanitation, health care, education (as public assets). 26 In this sense, the
perspective of basic needs was the first to establish a governmental responsibility when
considering poverty. Additionally, the relative deprivation approach made important
considerations regarding the social context of different societies and how this affect the way to
understand the phenomenon.27
At the international level, different actors adopt different approaches, in accordance with their
mandates. The World Bank, for example, recognizes poverty as a multidimensional
phenomenon, but uses the income poverty line methodology in its research. Income poverty is
related to the lack of income or purchasing power. In the income poverty approach, poverty is
classified into three different types: extreme poverty (absolute or severe), moderate poverty
and relative poverty.28
Below the extreme poverty line, people are not able to afford a nutritionally adequate diet and
other essential non-food requirements.29 In other words, they are unable to meet their basic
needs to survive. Extremely poor people face hunger, lack of drinking water and sanitation.
They are unable to access essential public services related to health care and education and they
usually lack adequate shelter and basic articles of clothing and hygiene. 30
Currently, the extreme poverty line is established at $1.90 per day. 31 This line is calculated
considering national poverty lines from selected poor countries in the world. Their average is

26

Codes, 2008, p. 12-13.
Ibid. p.15.
28
Doz Costa, 2008, p. 83.
29
UNDP, 1996, p. 222.
30
Sachs, 2005, p. 20.
31
Unless otherwise noted, “$” refers to US dollars.
27

8

Catherine Silvério Guisso
converted to a common currency. It also considers purchasing power parity exchange rates to
adjust differences in cost of living among the countries. 32 Using this headcount ratio, the World
Bank found that in 2015, 735 million people lived in extreme poverty, which represents 10%
of the world’s population.33
Moderate poverty refers to a condition in which people’s basic needs are met, but just barely.
Relative poverty is associated with a given proportion of the average national income where
the relatively poor suffer from lack of access to cultural goods and to quality public services. 34
However, the basic needs of people who live in relative poverty are met. For this reason,
relative poverty falls outside the discussion of this thesis.
Although it can be argued that the income poverty approach is limited in terms of complexity,
since poverty is not an objective and inflexible phenomenon capable of being measured by a
universal line, the income poverty approach is useful for quantitative purposes. 35 It allows the
identification of the most vulnerable among the poor and permits a focused analysis, as
proposed in this thesis. Furthermore, it can be a guide of priority for the establishment of
governmental action and policies.
A more complex understanding of poverty which considers not only income, but embraces the
concept of well-being, has been widely recognized during the last three decades. 36 The
‘capability approach’ or ‘capability poverty’ is based on Amartya Sen’s idea of poverty as a
‘capability deprivation’. Capability poverty is connected to the notion of ‘impoverished lives’
and the deprivation- of basic freedoms. These include, according to Vizard, the freedom to be
nourished, the freedom to enjoy adequate living conditions, the freedom to lead normal spans
of life and the freedom to read and write.37
In this sense, poverty is not only related to income poverty, but also to systematic deprivations
of services, goods and other resources necessary for one’s survival and development, including
the deprivation of medical care, housing, sanitation and education services. 38 It refers to the
32

UNICEF, 2016, p. 72.
World Bank, 2019a, available at http://povertydata.worldbank.org/Poverty/Home
34
Sachs, 2005, p. 20.
35
Pogge, 2007, p. 11.
36
Doz Costa, 2008, p. 84.
37
Vizard, 2006, p. 3.
38
Ibid.
33

9

Catherine Silvério Guisso
non-fulfilment of human rights in connection with constraint of economic resources. 39
Sengupta has also included the social inclusion dimension to the composition of extreme
poverty. It is sustained that extremely poor people are socially excluded, they are marginalized,
discriminated and outside social relations. Therefore, extreme poverty can be understood as a
combination of income poverty, deprivation poverty and social exclusion. 40
To conclude poverty can be understood as a multidimensional and complex issue as result of
social, economic, cultural and political processes. In this context, different forms of deprivation
are cumulative and reinforce one another forming a vicious circle of poverty. 41 Extreme poverty
is deeply connected to the idea of human dignity, which is one of the most fundamental ideas
in international human rights law, a basic and core principle in which human rights are
derived.42 Extreme poverty affects the enjoyment of human rights and can be related to several
states’ obligations, as will be demonstrated in the following chapters.
2.2. Poverty and Human Rights
Since the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) in 1948 and until the 1990’s, the
human rights movement and the development (or poverty reduction) movement proceeded on
different conception paths. Their agendas were set on parallel intergovernmental and
nongovernmental organizations without overlapping or interacting with each other. The main
reason pointed out for this distance was the strong influence of the cold war politics. Only after
the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna (1993), which reaffirmed the indivisibility,
interdependence and interrelation of all human rights, did poverty start to be recognized as a
human right issue. 43
The international concern with poverty as a human rights issue has been reflected in many of
the UN General Assembly’s and the UN Human Rights Commission’s resolutions. 44 Since

39

OHCHR, 2004, p. 8.
Economic and Social Council, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43, para. 4.
41
UN Commission on Human Rights, Report on Human Rights and Extreme Poverty, 28 June 1996. UN Doc.
E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/13, para.7.
42
Carozza, 2013, p.345 and 350.
43
Doz Costa, 2008, p. 81.
44
Vizard, 2006, p. 9.
40

10

Catherine Silvério Guisso
1998, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) have even established
the mandate of a Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights. 45
In many resolutions adopted by the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA), extreme
poverty is recognized as a violation of human dignity, avoiding the recognition of the issue as
violation of human rights. Those resolutions usually recognize extreme poverty as an obstacle
to the fulfilment of all human rights.46 However, other international bodies and agencies have
taken a more straightforward approach, considering extreme poverty as a denial or a violation
of human rights.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR) has firmly recognized that
poverty shall be understood as a human rights denial. To the CESCR, poverty is a condition of
chronic deprivation of resources, choices, security and power necessary for the enjoyment of
an adequate standards of living and other civil, cultural, political and social rights. It embraces
the multidimensionality of poverty “which reflects the indivisible and interdependent nature of
all human rights”47. UNESCO goes even further and establishes poverty as a violation of
human rights and, therefore, “illegal” in accordance to international law. 48 In the same way,
Sengupta, an independent expert, recommended the Commission of Human Rights to adopt a
resolution affirming that extreme poverty was to be considered a denial of basic human rights. 49
Mary Robinson, the former United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, sustains
that the most serious form of violation of human rights in the present society is extreme poverty.
According to Robinson:
Extreme poverty to me is the greatest denial of the exercise of human rights. You don’t vote, you don’t
participate in any political activity, your views aren’t listened to, you have no food, you have no shelter,
your children are dying of preventable diseases - you don’t even have the right to clean water. It’s a
denial of the dignity and worth of each individual which is what the universal declaration proclaims. 50

45

OHCHR, 2019. Available at https://www.ohchr.org/en/issues/poverty/pages/srextremepovertyindex.aspx.
The latest: General Assembly, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty, 15 January 2019. UN Doc. A/RES/73/163.
But also see UN Doc. A/RES/57/211, UN Doc. UN Doc. A/RES/53/146, UN Doc. A/RES/47/196, UN Doc.
A/RES/46/121.
47
UN Commission on Human Rights, Report on Human Rights and Extreme Poverty, 28 June 1996. UN Doc.
E/C.12/2001/10, para. 1 and 8.
48
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 18.
49
Economic and Social Council, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43, para.10.
50
BBC News, 2002. Available at http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/.low/talking_point/forum/1673034.stm
46

11

Catherine Silvério Guisso

The idea that extreme poverty in itself is a violation or a denial of human rights is mainly
developed by the OHCHR in its publication Human Rights and Poverty Reduction: a
Conceptual Framework. The main idea sustained in the publication is that the development and
human rights agenda are not in fact two different agendas, but two mutually reinforcing
approaches to the very same goal.51
Stating that poverty itself is a violation of human rights is nevertheless different than stating
that poverty and the non-fulfilment of any kind of human rights have conceptually the same
meaning. It is clear that there are several cases where there is a violation of human rights and
no connection to poverty whatsoever. For example, if a government denies its political
opposition the right to speak freely or even imprison its opposition for political reasons,
although there is a clear violation of human rights law, this violation cannot be linked with
poverty.52 In the same way, and as argued by Doz Costa, not every deprivation, meaning every
situation where a basic human right is needed but not fulfilled, constitutes a violation of human
rights.53 As an example, to restrict an individual to use religious symbols in public institutions
can be considered a deprivation, but in many cases such deprivation is not considered as a
violation of international human rights laws, once the rights of others are also taken in
consideration.
The idea that poverty itself is a violation of human rights takes the previous discussed capability
approach54 to define poverty and sustains that freedom is the common denominator that
connects extreme poverty and human rights. Basic freedoms are recognized as fundamentally
important to guarantee a minimal level of human dignity. Those are, for example, the freedom
to avoid hunger, diseases and illiteracy. If someone has failed to acquire these basic freedoms
it means that this person’s rights to these freedoms have not been realized. In the words of the
OHCHR “poverty can be defined equivalently as either the failure of basic freedoms – from
the perspective of capabilities, or the non-fulfilment of rights to those freedoms – from the
perspective of human rights”.55

51

OHCHR, 2004, p. 3.
Ibid.
53
Doz Costa, 2008, p. 81.
54
The capability approach is used by other international agencies such as the UNDP in the Human Development
Reports (HDR).
55
OHCHR, 2004, p. 10.
52

12

Catherine Silvério Guisso

The OHCHR sustains that for a deprivation to be considered as a violation of human rights
law, it must fulfil two premises. Firstly, the right in question must correspond to the capability
that is considered basic by a certain society, for example, the right to be free from illiteracy
correspond to the right of education and the right to be free from hunger to the right to adequate
food. It is also argued that certain basic capabilities are common to all societies. Secondly, the
deprivation must be caused by economic constraints, meaning that the lack of “economic
resources must play a role in the causal chain leading to the non-fulfilment of the human
rights”.56
Lack of personal income is only one possible source for extreme poverty. Inadequate access to
public services and goods can also be pointed as a cause of poverty. It is also sustained that
capability poverty is not equivalent to a uniformly low level of command on economic
resources because people have different means to convert resources into capabilities. People
have different biological characteristics and live in different climatic and social environments.
As an example, the amount of food or clothes needed for a person to have a minimally
acceptable level of those goods may vary. 57
The OHCHR argues that all human rights are relevant when addressing poverty. It is not argued
that all rights can be used as reference in the definition of extreme poverty, but instead, that all
rights must be taken into consideration for elaborating strategies for addressing the issue,
following the interdependence and indivisibility logic of human rights. In other words, while
only certain rights can be used to define poverty, an anti-poverty strategy needs to take into
consideration a much wider range of international human rights. It is sustained that human
rights are relevant to poverty on three different levels of relevance, (i) constitutive, (ii)
instrumental and (iii) constraint-based. 58 If the right in question falls within the two premises
previously discussed - corresponds to a capability that is considered basic in a given society
and, at the same time, inadequate economic resources play a role for the non-fulfilment of that
right - then it has a constitutive relevance over poverty. 59

56

Ibid. p .3.
Ibid. p. 8-9.
58
Ibid. p. 11.
59
Ibid.
57

13

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Instrumental relevance is related to the ability of some rights to promote the reduction of
poverty. The OHCHR presented two different types of instrumental relevance, causative and
evaluative. Causative and evaluative are both related to civil and political rights. In relation to
the causative relevance, it is argued that in a society where participation and accountability is
exercised effectively it is unlikely that symptoms of poverty would be manifested. In other
words, in a democracy with a reasonable degree of civil and political freedoms where the media
can speak freely, the government tends to take all the measures to prevent the symptoms of
poverty (for example: famine and a homeless crisis) to affect its population. Those measures
would be taken because the government would fear for bad publicity and strikes. In the same
way, evaluative relevance is related to the idea that poverty requires different forms of social
evaluation. Even to define which capabilities are basic in a determined society, the community
shall be able to be fully consulted and such participation is only possible when a wide range of
human rights is respected.60
Constrained-based relevance is related to which kinds of measures are permissible when
tackling poverty. Policies which focus on population and birth control for example, cannot have
as strategy to impose forced sterilization on the population once this measure would violate the
populations’ rights to privacy and personal integrity. 61 In that case, although the content of a
human right may not have a constitutive relevance to poverty nor have any instrumental value
for reducing poverty, this right must still be respected when addressing poverty. 62 The
conclusion is that although only a few human rights are part of the definition of poverty, a large
range of rights are vital in any attempt to discuss and to formulate policies for poverty. 63
The valuable work of the OHCHR and the definition proposed by the CESCR are important in
translating the multidimensionality of poverty to the human rights language and connecting
poverty with the principles of indivisibility and interdependence of international human rights.
However, once extreme poverty as such is not established by any binding instrument as a
violation of human rights, this approach, which defines poverty as a violation of human rights,
does not give the extremely poor the tools to operationalize their demand and seek redress and
remedies to their situation in courts or judicial bodies. As sustained before, this fact does not

60

Ibid. p. 11.
Ibid. p. 12.
62
Ibid. p. 11.
63
Ibid.
61

14

Catherine Silvério Guisso
mean, however, that extremely poor people have no protection under international law once
there are human rights which have a straightforward connection to extreme poverty, or in the
word of OHCHR, have a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty. It is through those rights
that extremely poor people can seek judicial protection to redress their situation.
It is important, therefore, to establish which human rights have a constitutive relevance to
extreme poverty. Although the OHCHR did not clarify at the occasion which right shall be
considered as constitutive to poverty, when combining the definition of constitutive relevance
with the definition of extreme poverty through the capability approach proposed in the first
section, it is possible to clarify which human rights fall within this category. The table below
translates the freedoms presented in the definition of poverty into the language of human rights
law.
Table 1. Constitutive rights to extreme poverty
Constitutive rights to extreme poverty
Basic freedoms

Correspondent human rights

To be nourished

Right to adequate standards of living
(specially the right to food and the right to
water)

To enjoy adequate living conditions

Right to adequate standards of living

To lead normal spans of life

Right to health and the right to life

To read and write

Right to education

The findings of the table are also compatible with the premises of studies related to
multidimensional poverty. In those studies, poverty is related to seven deprivations related to
the access to shelter, food, water, sanitation, health care, education (and information 64)65.

64

Information is not included here as a right, but it will be explored when analyzing poverty and access to justice.
See UNICEF, 2016; de Milliano, Marlous and Plavgo, Ilze. Analysing Child Poverty and Deprivation in subSaharan Africa, Office of Research Working Paper: WP-2014-19, UNICEF Office of Research, Florence,
November 2014, p. 18 and ECLAC-UNICEF. La pobreza infantil en América Latina y el Caribe, CEPAL, Chile,
December 2010.
65

15

Catherine Silvério Guisso
In conclusion, although a vast range of human rights have to be taken in consideration when
addressing extreme poverty, due its multidimensional facet, there are four human rights which
have a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty. Those are: the right to life, the right to
adequate standards of living (including housing, food and water) the right to health, the right
to education and the most basic human right of all, the right to life. These are consequently the
rights on which the next chapters will focus. It is important, therefore, to establish in which
legal instruments these rights can be found, the nature and scope of states obligations and their
content. Hence, those are the aim of the next two chapters.

16

Catherine Silvério Guisso
3. The International Framework for the Protection of the Extremely Poor
3.1. Constitutive Rights to Extreme Poverty in International Instruments
This section presents the most relevant instruments at international and regional levels which
embrace the human rights, which have a constitutive relevance for extreme poverty. At
international level there are two main instruments: (i) The International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights (ICCPR) and (ii) The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights (ICESCR). The ICCPR and ICESCR are binding instruments which, together with the
Universal Declaration of Human rights (UDHR), compose the International Bill of Human
Rights. Moreover, the both international covenants have been ratified by a vast majority of the
UN member states.66 Binding instruments compel the states to take measures to protect and
implement the rights prescribed by them and offer effective remedies in case of a violation.
The two international covenants embrace all the rights established in the previous chapters as
having a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty, as summarized in the following table.
Table 2. International treaties in connection to extreme poverty
International treaties
Instruments

Articles

Rights

International
Covenant
on
Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights (1966)

11
12
13

-Adequate standards of living, including
adequate food, housing and water67
-Health
-Education

6

-Life

International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights (1966)

The rights which have a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty are presented in two different
sets of rights. The right to life is presented as a civil and political right while the right to an

66

Riedel, 2012, p.132.
The right to water was later understood as a part of the right to adequate standards of living in the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. These features will be further explained in the Chapter 4.
67

17

Catherine Silvério Guisso
adequate standard of living, the right to health and the right to education are prescribed in the
economic, social and cultural set.
In order to claim a violation at international level, a person must be in the jurisdiction of a state
which has ratified one instrument which contents the rights understood as constitutive for
extreme poverty. Admissibility criteria usually include that all available domestic remedies
must be exhausted, that the same matter is not being examined by another international body,
and there is also a time limit for submitting a complaint. Communications of both covenants
can be submitted on the behalf of other (with their consent).
At international level, there are other conventions that reinforce the content of the constitutive
rights to poverty focusing on specific and most vulnerable groups which can also be victims of
extreme poverty68. For example, the Convention on Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination
against Women prescribes the right to health focusing on women,69 the Convention on the
Rights of the Child (1989) prescribes the right to health, especially in relation to diminishing
child mortality, combat malnutrition and the right to adequate standard of living to child’s
development.70 The International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant
Workers and Members of their Families (1990) prescribes again that immigrants shall have
access to health and education. 71
At regional level there are two continents that are deeply affected by extreme poverty and have
own regional human rights protection systems: Africa and America (Latin -America,
specifically). Extreme poverty is a problem that mostly affect the developing world, once the
poverty observed in developed countries remains relative. 72 The Sub-Saharan Africa is the
region most affected by the issue. Still in 2015, 41.1% of its population faced extreme poverty.
The percentage of people affected by extreme poverty in Middle East and North Africa in the
same year was 5%.73 In Latin America and Caribbean, 4.1% of the population faced extreme

68

About children’s poverty see UNICEF, 2016, p.3.About feminization of poverty and human rights see:
Kuosmanen, Jaakko; Campbell, Meghan; Hilly, Laura. Introduction - Women and Poverty: A Human Rights
Perspective. 24 Afr. J. Int'l & Comp. L. 469 (2016) and Fredman, Sandra. Women and Poverty - A Human Rights
Approach, 24 Afr. J. Int'l & Comp. L. 494 (2016).
69
CEDAW, 1979 art. 12.
70
CRC, 1989, art. 24 and 27.
71
International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of their Families,
1990, art. 28 and 30-43.
72
Sachs, 2005, p. 20.
73
World Bank, 2019b available at https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/poverty/overview.

18

Catherine Silvério Guisso
poverty in 2015.74The African continent is covered by the African (Banjul) Charter on Human
and Peoples' Rights (1981) and the American continent is covered by the American Convention
on Human Rights (1969) and its additional protocol. The rights which have a constitutive
relevance to extreme poverty are summarized in the table below.
Table 3. Regional Instruments in connection to extreme poverty
Regional Instruments75
Instruments

Articles

Right

African [Banjul] Charter on Human
and Peoples' Rights (1981)

4
16
17
22

-Life
-Health
-Education
-Economic, social and cultural
development

American Convention on Human
Rights (1969)

4
26

-Life
-Progressive development (realization
of economic, social, educational,
scientific, and cultural rights)

Additional Protocol to the
American Convention on Human
Rights in the Area of Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights,
"Protocol of San Salvador" (1988)

10
12
13

- Health
- Right to Food
- Education

Africa

Americas

As demonstrated in the table, the African Charter on Human and Peoples Rights’ is an
instrument that presents a comprehensive set of rights in connection to poverty. It does not
include the right to adequate standard of living but it embraces the right to economic, social
and cultural development in its article 22. Furthermore the African Commission has already

74
75

World Bank, 2018b, available at https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/poverty/overview.
OHCHR, 2019, available at: https://www.ohchr.org/EN/Issues/Poverty/Pages/IStandards.aspx.

19

Catherine Silvério Guisso
recognized in the Serac case76 that the right to housing and food is implicit in the Charter in
connection to the right to life, health and economic, social and cultural development.
The African Commission is the quasi-judicial body in the African system and it can receive
communications concerning violations of any individual, group or NGOs, at their behalf or of
others.77 In the beginning of the year 2019 only seven states have ratified the protocol
recognizing the competence of the African Court on Human and People’ right, the judicial body
of the system, which started its operation in the end of year 2006. 78
The American Convention on Human Rights (ACHR) also embraces almost all the rights which
have a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty. Extreme poverty is a central issue to the
system. The Charter of the Organization of American States has among its purposes and
principles the eradication of extreme poverty. Extreme poverty is understood as an obstacle to
the full democratic development in the region. 79 A shared responsibility of the states regarding
the issue is also established.80 The system even has a general secretariat, which function is to
promote economic, social, juridical, educational, scientific, and cultural relations among the
States, with special focus on the cooperation for the elimination of extreme poverty. 81
Furthermore, the article 34 presents several basic goals which are, among other things, the
elimination of extreme poverty.
In the Inter-American system, the Inter-American Commission is the quasi-judicial body
responsible for the individual petition system. It also monitors the human rights situation of the
member states, sets priority to thematic areas and prepares studies and countries reports. Quasijudicial bodies respond to claims and have the power to declare that violations have occurred.
They also indicate or recommend that violations have to be corrected. However, there is no
consensus on whether those decisions are considered to be binding. According to the InterAmerican Court, the States have the obligation to make every effort to comply with the

76

Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria
(Communication No. 155/96).
77
See ACHPR, Information Sheet No 2: Guidelines for the Submission of Communications, African Commission
Secretariat, 1987, p.7.
78
African
Union,
2019.
Available
at
https://au.int/sites/default/files/treaties/36396-slprotocol_on_the_statute_of_the_african_court_of_justice_and_human_rights.pdf
79
Charter of the OAS, 1948, Article 2 (g).
80
Ibid. Article 3 (f).
81
Ibid. Article 111.

20

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Commission’s recommendations. 82 The Inter-American Commission can receive complaints
of any individual or group of individuals, including recognized NGOs (non-governmental
organizations).83 It can also transfer contentious cases to the Inter-American Court, the judicial
body of the system that can issue binding decisions. If the Court finds a violation, it will ask
for remedy and fair compensation to the injured party. The decision of the Court is final, which
means that no appeal is possible. States are under the obligation to comply with the judgement
of the judicial bodies, which can also supervise their compliance. 84 Still, some countries which
are members of the ACHR have not yet granted contentious jurisdiction to the Court, such as
Dominica, Grenada, Jamaica and Trinidad and Tobago (withdrawal in 1999).85
3.2. Nature and Scope of Legal Obligation
3.2.1. The Justiciability of Economic and Social Rights
As previously mentioned, the rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty are part of
two different sets of rights. The right to life is included in the civil and political set, while the
right to an adequate standard of living, the right to health, and the right to education are
understood as social and economic rights. Although the later set of rights was already presented
on the ICESCR in 1966 and before that on the UDHR in 1948, economic, social and cultural
rights have only recently become recognized as justiciable and legally enforceable rights. The
right to adequate food, for example, had until 1996 a mere symbolic value.86 Therefore, the
right to food was not considered as a concrete or immediate obligation and victims of hunger
could not seek judicial remedies to redress their situation.87
The nature and scope of international legal obligations of the ICCPR were considered to be
clear and straightforward, making civil and political rights clearly concrete and enforceable
rights. However, differences between the provisions of the covenants prevented that economic
and social rights to be immediately recognised in the same way.

82

Loayza Tamayo v. Peru, Judgment of September 17, 1997, (Ser.C) No. 33, para.80.
American Convention on Human Rights, 1969, Art. 44.
84
Quiroga, 2012, p. 537-538.
85
IACHR, 2019. Available at http://www.cidh.org/Basicos/English/Basic4.Amer.Conv.Ratif.htm
86
Since the World Food Summit in 1996, followed by the publication of the General Comment No 12 in 1999,
the right to food has gained visibility and was transformed into an operational tool, currently leading to litigations
before national courts, as will be demonstrated in the next chapter.
87
Schutter, 2015, p. 13.
83

21

Catherine Silvério Guisso
The article 2 of both covenants (2 (1) in the ICCPR and 2(2) in the ICESCR) guarantee that the
rights prescribed in their content shall be guaranteed in accordance to the principle of nondiscrimination, meaning “without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language,
religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status”.88
However, the second part of the same article contains distinctions that led to the discussion of
the justiciability of economic, social and cultural rights.
The articles that prescribes the nature and scope of both International Covenant can be seen in
the table below.
Table 4. Scope of legal obligations in the ICCPR and in the ICESCR
ICCPR Article 2(2)

ICESCR Article 2(1)

“Where not already provided for by existing
legislative or other measures, each State
Party to the present Covenant undertakes to
take the necessary steps, in accordance with
its constitutional processes and with the
provisions of the present Covenant, to adopt
such laws or other measures as may be
necessary to give effect to the rights
recognized in the present Covenant.”89
(emphasis added)

“Each State Party to the present Covenant
undertakes to take steps, individually and
through international assistance and cooperation, especially economic and technical,
to the maximum of its available resources,
with a view to achieving progressively the
full realization of the rights recognized in
the present Covenant by all appropriate
means, including particularly the adoption of
legislative measures.”90 (emphasis added)

Some has argued that when comparing the article 2 of both Covenants it seems that the legal
scope of the ICESCR is vague and imprecise, which makes it hard to determine what the legal
obligations of the states are.91 While the obligations under article 2 of the ICCPR were
considered to be immediate, absolute in nature and not limitable, the obligations in the ICESCR
were qualified and limited, since its full realization could be achieved progressively and it was
limited to the States’ maximum available resources. Some has argued that the rights in the
ICCPR had a high degree of determination and low degree of discretion. Considering that the
word ‘necessary’ is left out of the ICESCR, it was considered that the obligations of the states
for these set of rights had a low degree of determination and a high degree of discretion. In
other words, it was argued that there was a bigger margin of appreciation for states to decide
88

ICCPR, 1966, Art. 2 (1).
ICCPR, 1966, Art. 2 (2).
90
ICESCR, 1966, Art. 2 (1).
91
Vizard, 2006, p.158-159.
89

22

Catherine Silvério Guisso
on the fulfilment of economic, social and cultural rights.92 Going even further, it was generally
claimed that civil and political rights are ‘real’ rights, legally binding and could be immediately
secured in positive law while economic, social and cultural rights are mere programmatic
policy goals, a different category without legal significance. 93
However, in the last three decades the normative standards have evolved in the field. Also,
general comments were set by authoritative bodies at the international level to clarify the
content, nature and scope of obligations towards human rights. The authoritative body
responsible for the ICCPR is the Human Rights Committee. The Committee on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights is responsible for the ICESCR.94
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights adopted the general comment 3, the
most important interpretive guide regarding the states obligations under the ICESCR in 1990.
General Comment 3 sustains that although the full realization of economic, social and cultural
rights can be fulfilled progressively, steps towards their realization must be taken by all
appropriate means, including administrative, financial, educational and social measures. From
a legal perspective, it is expected that states would adopt legislative measures prescribing
economic, social and cultural rights and provide judicial remedies when these rights are
violated. Additionally, the steps shall be taken within a reasonable time after the ratification of
the Covenant.95 These steps shall be “deliberate, concrete and targeted as clearly as possible
towards meeting the obligations recognized in the Covenant”.96
The progressive realization of economic, social and cultural rights is an immediate obligation
of the states, it is not conditional on resources and must be read in accordance to the overall
objective of the Covenant, which establishes a clear obligation of states to fulfil these rights.97
To guarantee that economic, social and cultural rights are exercised without discrimination is
also a provision which has an immediate effect. The idea of the use of the term “progressive
realization” is to recognize that the full realization of all economic, social and cultural rights
92

Ibid. p.158-159.
Vizard, 2006, p.158-159.
94
Scheinin, 2012, p. 666-667
95
CESCR, General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990, UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, para. 2 and 5.
96
Ibid, para. 2.
97
CESCR General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990, UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, paras. 9. See also: Limburg Principles, 1987, principles: 1, 21, 22, 23, 24; and Maastricht Guideline,
1997, guideline 8.
93

23

Catherine Silvério Guisso
could not be generally achieved by states in a short period. Therefore, progressive realization
should not be interpreted as depriving the obligation to fulfil the meaningful content of the
rights. Instead, it is a flexible device reflecting the realities and difficulties involved in ensuring
the full realization of those rights. Based in General Comment 3, Riedel sustains that economic,
social and cultural rights “are not variable, up to the free policy choices of states, nor do they
lay down a double standard of morality vis-à-vis developing and developed states: rather, they
make the distinction based on the fact that states start from various initial factual bases”.98
Article 2 does not release states to move as expeditiously as possible towards the full realization
of those rights. States cannot use the progressive realization provision as a pretext for noncompliance. Furthermore, any deliberately retrogressive measure have to be fully justified in
the context of the full use of the maximum available resources.99
States have different sets of obligations in regard to each right. Those obligations are (i)
obligation to respect, (ii) obligation to protect and (iii) obligation to fulfil. The obligation to
respect generally refers to the State’s duty to not interfere on the enjoyment of human rights.100
For example, it will be considered a violation of the right to water if states would arbitrarily
disconnect water services or facilities, or if states would increase the price of water services in
a discriminatory or in an unaffordable way. 101 As another example, states would be respecting
the right to adequate standards of living by refraining from interfering in the already existing
levels of enjoyment of the right to food, housing and water by ensuring that those who produce
their own food would continue to have access to the land on which their livelihood depends.102
The obligation to protect refers to states’ due to take measures to ensure that enterprises or
individuals (private parties) do not deprive people of their access to relevant rights.103 In the
example of the right to water, it would be considered a violation if states would fail to enforce

98

Riedel, 2012, p. 139.
CESCR, General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990, UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, para. 9. See also: Limburg Principles 1, 21, 22, 23, 24; and Maastricht Guideline 8.
100
Langford, 2008, p. 14.
101
CESCR. General Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20 January 2003.
UN. Doc E/C.12/2002/11, para. 44 (a).
102
Schutter, 2015, p. 13.
103
CESCR, General Comment No. 12: The Right to Adequate Food (Art. 11 of the Covenant), 12 May 1999.
UN. Doc. E/C.12/1999/5, para. 15.
99

24

Catherine Silvério Guisso
laws to prevent the contamination and inequitable extraction of water by private parties or if
states fail to protect water systems from a third party interference, damage or destruction. 104
Finally, the obligation to fulfil is related both to the obligation to facilitate access to a right and
the obligation to provide. In other words, it means that states must proactively engage to
strengthen access to the rights and when an individual or group of individuals are unable, for
reasons beyond their control, to enjoy economic and social rights, the state has the obligation
to provide the right directly. 105 Insufficient expenditure or misallocation of resources which
would result in the non-enjoyment of the right especially by vulnerable groups, would be an
example of violation in this case. 106 It would also be considered a violation if the state would
allow starvation when people are in desperate need and are unable to provide food for
themselves. 107
The obligation to fulfil has presented a controversial question in the jurisprudence. It has been
argued that in accordance to the doctrine of separation of powers, the adjudication of economic
and social rights would be considered anti-democratic in nature once issues related to social
policy and the allocation of resources should be ruled by elected representatives. Additionally,
it has been argued that courts would not have the experience or skill to deal with questions of
policy nature. These concerns have, however, been rejected in recent years for being
oversimplified and overstated. These arguments are weak to support the non-justiciability of
economic and social right because the same concerns can be equally applied to the set of civil
and political rights, once in some cases they also require the implementation of policies.108
Additionally, Langford clarifies that courts are constitutionally empowered to make judicial
review regarding the realization of economic and social rights. To address violations and apply
remedies are simply part of their constitutional job. In this sense, courts are not asked to make
policies or laws, they are asked to review existing laws and policies applying a set of criteria.109
In the same way, Bilchitz clarifies that policies and rights are different conceptions. Policies

104

CESCR General Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20 January 2003,
UN. Doc E/C.12/2002/11, para. 44 (b).
105
CESCR, General Comment No. 12: The Right to Adequate Food (Art. 11 of the Covenant), 12 May 1999. UN.
Doc. E/C.12/1999/5, para. 15.
106
CESCR, General Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20 January 2003.
UN. Doc. E/C.12/2002/11, paras. 44 (c).
107
General Assembly, The Right to Food. Preliminary Report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on
Human Rights on the Right to Food, Jean Ziegler, 23 July 2001. UN Doc. A/56/210, para. 29.
108
IDLO, 2015, p. 23.
109
Langford, 2008, p. 21 and 31-34.

25

Catherine Silvério Guisso
are up to governments, but courts should supervise and guarantee that peoples’ basics rights
are fulfilled. Therefore, courts shall be able to establish standards of economic and social
provisions needed to guarantee the enjoyment of those rights.110
Due to these clarifications, the debate of the justiciability of economic and social rights has
been resolved and this set of rights are firmly established as legally enforceable human rights.
In other words, it is nowadays clear that there is the possibility for individuals, or a group of
individuals, to claim a violation of economic, social and cultural right before a judicial body
that can order remedies if a violation is determined. There are a vast jurisprudence supporting
the enforceability of those rights.111 The role of judges as guardians of the constitution are
primordial for the enforceability of economic and social rights, having a transformative
potential for combating poverty. 112
An explicit example in the poverty jurisprudence concerning the justiciability of economic and
social rights is found in the Ibrahim Sangor Osman case. The case was related to the right to
adequate housing and the prohibition of forced eviction. At that occasion, the Court recognized
that the state’s organs have the duty to address the needs of vulnerable groups, especially the
extreme poor. 113
The Constitution of Kenya entrenches both civil and political rights and also social and economic rights,
and makes both justiciable. It is an acknowledgment of the fundamental interdependence of these rights.
The interdependence is out of the realization that people living without the basic necessities of life are
deprived of human dignity, freedom and equality. Democracy itself is enhanced when citizens have
access to the basic necessities of life. 114

As suggested by Porter, the current debate is no longer related to whether economic and social
rights are justiciable, but rather to understand how they should be adjudicated.115 Finally, States
have obligations regarding the minimum core content of human rights.

110

Bilchitz, 2002, p. 488.
Langford, 2008, p. 4.
112
Formisano Prada, 2011, p 29.
113
Ibrahim Sangor Osman v Minister of State for Provincial Administration & Internal Security (2011) eKLR
Constitutional Petition No 2 of 2011.
114
Ibid.
115
Porter, 2008, p. 4.
111

26

Catherine Silvério Guisso
3.2.2. Minimum Core Obligations
The CESCR establishes the idea of a minimum core obligation in the General Comment 3,
regarding the nature of States obligation. The minimum core obligations are set to ensure that
a minimum essential level of each of the rights is satisfied in all the States Parties. Those are
related to essential food, primary health care, basic shelter, housing and the most basic form of
education. 116
According to the CESCR the obligation toward the fulfilment of a minimum core does not fall
within the “progressive realization” and has immediate effect. In the same way, justifying the
lack of compliance due to the lack of available resources is restricted. For states party to be
able to claim that a lack of available resources is the reason why they are failing to fulfil its
minimum core obligations “[States] must demonstrate that every effort has been made to use
all resources that are at its disposition in an effort to satisfy, as a matter of priority, those
minimum obligations”. 117 Additionally, even when the state’s resources are proven to be
inadequate, there is still an obligation to ensure, as wide as possible, the enjoyment of the
relevant rights under the circumstances. 118
General Comment 3 clarifies that a state party “in which any significant number of individuals
is deprived of essential foodstuffs, of essential primary health care, of basic shelter and housing,
or of the most basic forms of education” 119 is failing to fulfil its obligations. In other words, a
minimum protective floor shall be established for every right and if this floor is not provided,
states are found in non-compliance with Article 2. 120 It is argued, therefore, that the minimum
core obligation aims to address extreme poverty as a social phenomenon. Therefore, although
the states have the obligation to fulfil its obligation as a matter of individual rights, the
minimum core provisions shows the intention to apply the concept in places where many are
deprived of basic essential services or, in other words, in places where extreme poverty is
found. The minimum core discussion is about developing countries. The concept is built to
give priority for those who experience situations that can threaten their survival capacities. 121
116

CESCR, General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990. UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, paras. 9-10.
117
Ibid. para. 10.
118
Ibid. para. 11.
119
Ibid. para. 10.
120
Vizard, 2006, p. 169.
121
Bilchitz, 2003, p. 23.

27

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Therefore, it would not be possible to find developed countries in violation with the minimum
core, once their population have access to those essential basic services. They are nevertheless
required to improve the levels of provisions until the full realization of the rights once all the
states (developing and developed) are under the obligation towards the full realization of those
rights.122
The idea behind the minimum core obligation is that each human right contain an essential
core. The minimum core obligations adopted by the CESCR is, therefore, a methodology for
states to operationalize the essential core of economic and social rights.123 There are not “core”
and “non-core” rights, rather, one right can involve different levels of provisions and the states
have to provide the minimum core immediately and increase the level of provisions
progressively. 124
Young sustains that the minimum core conception reflects a minimalist strategy in terms of
rights that aims to maximize the gains by minimizing the goals. 125 It offers an understanding
of which direction the “deliberative, concrete and targeted” steps shall be taken and aims to set
a baseline of economic and social protection across different levels of available resources and
different economic policies. Bilchitz argues that the recognition of a minimum core attempts
to prioritize survival interest and that it must be realized without delay. It is argued that without
the protection of people’s survival necessities, all other rights become meaningless.126 The idea
of survival is also adopted by Riedel, who understands the minimum core as the obligation of
states to provide a “survival kit” or an “existential minimum” of rights to everyone. 127
Some national courts128 have already recognized a minimum core of some economic, social
and cultural rights. An example, in Quevedo, Miguel Ángel y Otros c/Aguas Cordobesas SA129
the Argentinian Court established the minimum amount of water to guarantee basic hygiene
and health conditions to an average family. At regional level, the African commission have

122

CESCR, General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990. UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, paras. 9
123
Scheinin, 2013, p. 538.
124
Bilchitz, 2003, p. 13.
125
Young, 2008, p. 113-114.
126
Bilchitz, 2003, p. 12.
127
Riedel, 2012, p. 140.
128
As will be further demonstrated in the next chapter.
129
Quevedo, Miguel Ángel y Otros c/ Aguas Cordobesas SA. Juez Sustituta de Primera Instancia Civil y
Comercial (Ciudad de Córdoba) (08/04/2002).

28

Catherine Silvério Guisso
established the minimum standards related to the right to shelter and food in Serac case130.
Both cases will be further explored in the following chapter.
However, other domestic courts have not yet adopted the idea of a minimum core. In the
Grootboom case131, a case related to the right to housing, the South African Constitutional
Court did not recognize the minimum core. The Court argued that the lack of sufficient
information to determine what the minimum core obligation would be in the context of the
constitution. In the TAC case, it stated that it was impossible to guarantee everyone access to a
core immediately132 and in the Soobramoney case it considered the economic rights being
dependent upon available resources.133
Bilchitz refutes the argument that the South African Constitutional Court would not have
sufficient information regarding the basic needs related to these rights. Bilchitz explains that
universal standards must be met in order for an obligation to be fulfilled. To the author,
establishing a minimum core is not to establish in which means economic and social rights
shall be realized, rather, it shall be a standard of provision that are necessary to meet people’s
basic needs. The minimum core content does not vary in accordance to the characteristics of a
specific group, rather, it is a general notion applicable to all human beings. In the Grootboom
case, the community was clear about what they wanted: protection from elements and access
to an environment that would not compromise their health. In this sense, no difficulty should
be found in identifying the nature of the most basic need in relation to right to housing, nor
would a vast source of information be necessary. 134
Bilchitz also refutes the argument that it is impossible to guarantee everyone’ access to a core
content immediately. The author sustains that this rigid, absolutist and not realist approach is
unfair: “the minimum core approach does require us to take a rigid stance in one respect: it
requires us to recognize that it is simply unacceptable for any human being to have to live

130

Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria
(Communication No. 155/96).
131
Government of the Republic of South Africa and Others v Grootboom and Others (CCT11/00) [2000] ZACC
19; 2001 (1) SA 46; 2000 (11) BCLR 1169 (4 October 2000), para. 33.
132
Minister of Health and Others v Treatment Action Campaign and Others (No 2) (CCT8/02) [2002] ZACC 15;
2002 (5) SA 721; 2002 (10) BCLR 1033 (5 July 2002), para. 35.
133
Soobramoney v Minister of Health (Kwazulu-Natal) (CCT32/97) [1997] ZACC 17; 1998 (1) SA 765 (CC);
1997 (12) BCLR 1696 (27 November 1997), para. 11.
134
Bilchitz, 2002, p. 488-489.

29

Catherine Silvério Guisso
without sufficient resources to maintain their survival”. 135 To Bilchitz, the first point to be
considered is that the minimum core approach is set to specify priorities and that priorities shall
be given for those who have their survival capability threatened. When survival is at threat,
states cannot treat the situation as one issue that can be dealt among many others. In this
situation, states have the obligation to assist these people. 136
It is clarified that the lack of available resources does not affect the right that a person has, only
the capacity of the government to realize them. In that case, the obligations of states may
change but not the content of the right itself.137 States’ obligations are defined regardless their
economic resources but what is required of them depends on its available resources and
capability. 138 Following the normative guidance of the general comment 3, when the
government claims that it is not possible to fulfil core rights, the Court shall, then, require proof
that the government is unable to do so.139
Additionally to the standards established in the General Comment 3 (Essential foodstuff,
essential primary health care, basic shelter, basic housing and most basic forms of education)
the CESCR goes even further in the establishment of benchmarks to be followed when
interpreting the minimum core in other General Comments. Although the General Comment
related to the right to housing doesn’t specify the minimum core of this right, the ICESCR have
already established the minimum core content of the right to food, water, health and education,
which will be explored in the next chapter.
The minimum core obligations are set to protect the most vulnerable, the ones who lack basic
shelter, food, water and health, and no group is more vulnerable to face those conditions than
the extremely poor. Pogge argues that human rights deficits are currently mostly concentrated
among the poor.140 UNICEF observed that, when it comes to “realizing their right to survive
and develop, the odds are stacked against those from the poorest and most disadvantaged
households”. 141 It can be argued that the situations considered as a violation of the minimum
core content are mostly concentrated among those who suffer from extreme poverty. Hunger,
135

Bilchitz, 2003, p. 15.
Ibid. p. 18.
137
Ibid. p. 20-21.
138
Ibid. p. 23.
139
Ibid. p. 16.
140
Pogge, 2005, p. 2.
141
UNICEF, 2016, p. 9.
136

30

Catherine Silvério Guisso
for example, is only faced by the extremely poor. Ahmed et al. made a survey among 20
developing countries clarifying that poverty and hunger overlap and suggest that although not
all extremely poor people suffer from hunger, all people in hunger are extremely poor, which
is consistent with the fact that poverty is the primary cause of hunger.142
Through the minimum core doctrine it is possible to establish a straightforward obligation of
States towards the constitutive rights to extreme poverty or, in other words, it is possible to
invoke obligations more directly, making it difficult for the state to reject the appeals related
to those obligations.143 It is through the minimum core content that extreme poverty can be
validated as a human rights violation. Therefore, it is expected that states would implement and
give priority to policies to tackle extreme poverty.144 Sengupta has even suggested that, in order
to meet with their international obligations, states would have to identify a small percent of its
population as the most vulnerable (suffering from extreme poverty) and guarantee the
fulfilment of a minimum level of some basic human rights prescribed in both international
covenants.145
The minimum core content of the constitutive rights to extreme poverty are inseparable from
human dignity and especially connected to the principle of human survival. 146 If the minimum
core content of the rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty were guaranteed, the
vulnerabilities faced by extreme poor people would be overcome. In other words, the minimum
core of those rights can provide the minimum essential level of basic services that, once
respected, would make possible to live a life in dignity. In that sense, the development and
advancement of those rights are expected to provide a solid base for the mitigation of extreme
poverty.147

142

Ahmed et al., 2007, p.40.
Economic and Social Council. Human rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43, para. 48.
144
Ibid. para. 33.
145
Ibid. para.10 and 57.
146
As will be explored in the next chapter.
147
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 37.
143

31

Catherine Silvério Guisso
4. The Content and Applicability of Human Rights with Constitutive Relevance to
Poverty
4.1. The Right to Life
The right to life is the first human right presented in this chapter because it is connected to
extreme poverty through the freedom mostly related to people’s survival, the freedom to lead
normal spans of life (see Table 1). Also, a severe denial of the freedom to enjoy adequate living
conditions or to be nourished can ultimately lead to a violation of the right to life. As a
consequence, more than being a premise for the enjoyment of all the other human rights,148 the
right to life is closely connected to the minimum core content of the other rights which have a
constitutive relevance to extreme poverty (the right to education being an exception). In other
words, it is argued that when states fail to provide the minimum core content of the right to
housing, food, water and health, as will be further discussed in this chapter, they can,
consequently, also be violating the right to life.
From the rights identified as having a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty, the right to
life is the only one which belongs to civil and political set of rights. The right to life is
prescribed in the ICCPR. According to article 6 “every human being has the inherent right to
life. This right shall be protected by law. No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his life”.149
The Human Rights Committee updated the General Comment regarding the right to life on
October of 2018 and stated that the right to life has to be interpreted widely. The right to life
concerns the right for individuals to be free from acts or omissions that are intended or may be
expected to cause their unnatural and premature death. Also, the right to life concerns the right
to enjoy a life in dignity. In this context, a deprivation of the right to life would involve an
intentional or foreseeable and preventable life-terminating harm or injury. States have the
obligation to respect and to ensure the right to life by legislative and other measures and to
guarantee effective remedies to all the victims of the violation of this right.150

148

CCPR, General Comment No. 36 on Article 6 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on
the Right to Life, 30 October 2018. UN. Doc. CCPR/C/GC/36, para. 2.
149
ICCPR, 1966, art 6.
150
CCPR, General Comment No. 36 on Article 6 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on
the Right to Life, 30 October 2018. UN. Doc. CCPR/C/GC/36, para. 2-4 and 6.

32

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Therefore, there are two obligations related to the right to life. The first is that states have the
obligation to respect the right to life by not being responsible for unlawful deaths. Secondly,
states have the obligation to ensure the right to life guaranteeing that their population have the
necessary conditions to maintain their survival and to enjoy a life in dignity. Although the
current jurisprudence also considers poverty when addressing cases related to the first
obligation, the right to life is mostly connected to extreme poverty through the second
obligation. Extreme poverty can lead people to die from preventable deaths, which includes
starvation, malnutrition, preventable diseases and dehydration. Therefore, these deaths are
related to the right to housing, food, water and health, more specifically to their core
contents.151
The right to life is explicitly connected to extreme poverty in two paragraphs of General
Comment 36. Paragraph 23 prescribes the duty of states to take special and urgent measures to
protect the life of people in situation of vulnerability whose lives are under particular risk. This
include, among others, the protection of children in street situation (homeless children).
Furthermore, paragraph 26 prescribes the duty of states to take measures to address general
conditions in society that can rise direct threats to life or could potentially prevent individuals
to live in dignity. That specifically includes situations where individuals face widespread
hunger, malnutrition, extreme poverty and homelessness. States shall ensure access without
delay to essential goods and services such as foodstuff, water, shelter, health-care, electricity,
sanitation, social housing programs and access to medical care to reduce maternal mortality. 152
This provision is a clear connection between the right to life and the right to house, food, water
and health. Additionally, the Committee highlights that the right to life is connected to the
child’s rights prescribed in the article 24 of the same Covenant and urge for the adoption of
special measures to protect the life of every child. These measures shall be guided by the best
interest of the child, the need to ensure children’s survival, development and well-being.153
There are substantive statistics supporting the connection of the right to life to the failures of
the enjoyment of the minimum core content of the right to housing, food, water and health. As
an example, a child born in sub-Saharan Africa is 12 times more likely to die before completing
five years-old than those born in a high-income country. A child born in Sierra Leone is 30
151

Ibid. para. 2-4 and 6.
Ibid. para. 23 and 26.
153
Ibid. para. 60.
152

33

Catherine Silvério Guisso
times more likely to die before his or her fifth birthday than a child born in the United Kingdom.
Within states, children who are born in the poorest 20% of the population, are almost twice as
likely to die in this age group (0-5 years old) than those in the 20% richest, considering the
global average. Of the 5.9 million under-five years old deaths in 2015, almost half were caused
by pneumonia, diarrhoea, malaria, meningitis, tetanus, measles, sepsis and AIDS. Pneumonia
and diarrhoea are the leading causes in the three regions with the highest rates of those deaths:
Eastern and Southern Africa, South Asia and West and Central Africa. The most disadvantaged
groups are the ones who suffer mostly from those diseases. In the case of pneumonia, children
from the poorest households are also less likely taken to a health care centre. UNICEF predicts
that in 2030, the global maternal mortality rate in low-income countries will be 161 deaths per
100.000 live births which is five time the level of high-income countries. 154
Correlating the right to life to the right to adequate standards of living, UNICEF sustains that:
Access to land, credit and property rights has a further impact on child survival prospects. Marginalized
groups living in informal settlements, illegal dwellings or urban slums are vulnerable to health threats
because of overcrowding, unsanitary conditions, high transportation costs, discriminatory practices and
lack of access to basic services. These factors also create barriers to demand, impeding the initial and
continued use of services by the most disadvantaged. When combined with low rates of immunization,
this situation exacerbates the transmission of diseases such as pneumonia, diarrhoea, measles and
tuberculosis.155

Moreover, when water is insufficient, the poorest families are most likely to resort to unsafe
water, which can lead to diseases such as cholera and diarrhoea. In low and middle- income
countries there were a hundred deaths per day of under-five years old due to inadequate
drinking water, sanitation and hygiene issues in 2012. The risk of morbidity for inappropriate
water and sanitation is 38% higher on the age range of one to eleven months babies. Also, half
of the deaths of children before five-years old are attributed to undernutrition. 156
Even when considering the right to education, which does not have a straightforward
connection to survival, in South Asia and sub-Saharan African when mothers does not have
education, their children are three times more likely to die than the children of mothers who

154

UNICEF, 2016, p. 9, 10, 13, 20 and 24.
Ibid. p.11.
156
Ibid. p. 11 and 16.
155

34

Catherine Silvério Guisso
have secondary education. Education gives the tools women need to delay the space between
births and to seek and access health care when their children fall ill. 157
The right to life have been successfully invoked in national courts to protect the extreme poor
in connection to other rights which have a constitutive relevance to extreme poverty. In Ibrahim
Sango Osman v Minister of State for Provincial Administration & Internal Security the
petitioner claimed that more than 1.000 people were violently forcedly evicted from their
homes on public land occupied since the 1940s. People were in a situation where no basic
condition for living could be found. Some children were even forced to drop out from school.
The High Court of Kenya acknowledged that the evictions forced the claimants to live without
shelter, food, water, sanitation and health care, which is a violation of the ICESCR. The Court
recognized that people living in conditions where their basic necessities to live are not satisfied
are deprived of human dignity, freedom and equality. The Court highlighted that under Kenyan
Bill of Rights, all organs of the states have the obligation to address the needs of vulnerable
groups within the society. It found that the violation of the right to adequate housing, of the
right to be free from hunger and of the right to water and sanitation also led to a violation of
the right to life. The Court issued an injunction for the state to return the land for the petitioners
and to reconstruct or provide alternative housing and other facilities for them. 158
In People’s Union for civil liberties v Union of India & Ors the state was accused of failing to
address hunger conditions after starvation deaths occurred in Rajasthan. In other words, the
state was failing to comply with the right to food, impacting the right to life. In this case, the
Supreme Court of India made important considerations regarding the positive obligations of
the state towards the extreme poor, including sustaining that economic constrains cannot be
used as an excuse to not fulfil rights when the ability to people’s survival is threated, idea based
on the minimum core obligations. In the words of the Court:
It is the duty of the State and the Union Government to enforce the right to life of all persons particularly
in situations of drought. The right to live enshrined in Article 21, as interpreted by the Supreme Court,
includes the right to food. Persons below the poverty line or persons who are drought-affected and who
do not have the financial capacity to purchase food grains are entitled to be looked after by the State and
the Union Government in this regard. As these persons move from chronic malnutrition to acute
157

UNICEF, 2016, p. 16.
Ibrahim Sangor Osman v Minister of State for Provincial Administration & Internal Security (2011) eKLR
Constitutional Petition No 2 of 2011.
158

35

Catherine Silvério Guisso
starvation, the State and Union Governments are duty bound to intervene and start relief works and
distribute free grain to those unable to work. Financial constrains is no excuse when the issue is one of
preservation of life, and has been rejected by the Supreme Court in this context.159

Furthermore, the Court highlighted in the grounds of the decision that the state was negligent
in performing their constitutional obligation to ensure the life of the people including living
with dignity and have at least two square meals per day. The Court argued that the state have
failed to use the available resources to drought relief, prevention of starvation and alleviation
of misery. 160 The Indian Supreme Court found that the right to life was compromised and held
that the state was failing to implement existing legislation and policies. The Court required,
among other things, the implementation of a Famine Code and the increase of the amount of
grain available for each household to 10kg. The Court also required the government of India
to release food stocks for the state of Rajasthan to cover all the expenses related to the relief
measures.161 In interim measures, it was established that the State would have to provide a
ration card for free grain for those without the means for supporting themselves. The Court also
ordered the progressively implementation of a mid-day meal at schools, especially in the most
poor areas.162
At the international level, the Inter-American Court has also held that if minimum conditions
to live a life in dignity is not guaranteed by the states, then the state is violating the right to life.
To make this assessment, the Court took into consideration the minimum core content of
economic and social rights, as can be observed in the following cases. In the Case of the
Indigenous Community Yakye Axa v. Paraguay an indigenous community had been displaced
from their traditional land which led the community to extreme poverty. The Court sustained
that their right to life was abridged by not allowing them to access conditions that would enable
them to live a decent life. 163 The Court recognized that the precarious material conditions and
the poverty that they were living at that time reflected the lack of the enjoyment of basic human
rights to health, food and education and clarified that States are under the obligation to
guarantee, protect and ensure the right to life through generating the minimum living conditions
159

People's Union for Civil Liberties v. Union of India & Ors, In the Supreme Court of India, Civil Original
Jurisdiction, Writ Petition (Civil) No. 196 of 2001 para. 50.
160
Ibid. para. 51.
161
Ibid. para. 53.
162
People's Union for Civil Liberties v. Union of India & Ors, In the Supreme Court of India, Civil Original
Jurisdiction, Writ Petition (Civil) No. 196 of 2001. Interim Order of May 2, 2003.
163

Indigenous Community Yakye Axa v. Paraguay. Series C N. 125 (17/07/2005).

36

Catherine Silvério Guisso
that are compatible with the dignity of people.164 The Court evaluated whether the State had
complied with its obligations regarding the right to life in combination to the general duty to
respect rights and with the duty to progressively develop economic and social rights including
the right to health, to food, and to a healthy environment.165 At the occasion, the Court found a
violation of the right to life, the right to property and the right to judicial protection. 166
The Case of the Xákmok Kásek Indigenous Community v Paraguay is another case related to
an indigenous community’s right to their traditional land where a violation of the right to life
was found. The Court considered the principle of equality and non-discrimination regarding
people living in poverty. In light of several alleged violations, the Court sustained that the case
was an illustration of the persistence of structural discrimination practices.167 The Court also
sustained that it is essential for States to give effective protection taking in consideration
indigenous people’s “particularities, their economic and social characteristics, and also their
situation of special vulnerability”.168 The Court acknowledged that the community’s ability to
survive was restricted so as its ability to develop. The Court found a violation of the rights to
property, judicial guarantee and protection and of the right to life. 169
In 2006, another case involving the right to ancestral land of indigenous community and
extreme poverty was analysed: the Case of the Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v.
Paraguay. While waiting on the decision the community did not have access to basic human
rights such as water, food, education and basic health services and their livelihood was in an
imminent danger. The community members suffered from unemployment, illiteracy,
malnutrition, lack of access to basic services, marginalization due to economic, geographic and
cultural reasons and faced high rates of death from preventable diseases. Related to the state
obligations towards the extreme poor, the Court highlighted that from general obligations
“special duties are derived that can be determined according to the particular needs of
protection of the legal persons, whether due to their personal conditions or because of the
specific situation they have to face, such as extreme poverty, exclusion or childhood”.170

164

Ibid. para. 158 (e) and162.
Ibid. para. 163.
166
Indigenous Community Yakye Axa v. Paraguay. Series C N. 125 (17/07/2005).
167
Case of the Xákmok Kásek Indigenous Community v. Paraguay. Series C No. 214. (24/08/2010).
168
Ibid. para. 270.
169
Case of the Xákmok Kásek Indigenous Community v. Paraguay. Series C No. 214. (24/08/2010).
170
Case of the Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v. Paraguay, (29/03/ 2006) paras.154.
165

37

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Paraguay was found in violation to the right to life, to property, to a fair trial and judicial
protection among others.171
Moreover, the Inter-American Court also related poverty with the first obligation towards the
right of life, the obligation to respect this right by not being responsible for unlawful deaths. In
order to do that, the Court focused in discrimination towards people living in poverty. It is
argued in a report on poverty and human rights in the Americas made by the OAS that
discrimination leads to stigmatization, social exclusion and violence.172 Non-discrimination is
a clause valid for all articles presented in the Covenant, but the CCPR reinforces that the right
to life must be respected without distinction of any kind such as race, colour, social origin,
ethnicity and socioeconomic status.173
States are expected to take all measures to prevent arbitrary deprivation of life committed by
their law enforcement official. Those cases are a matter of “utmost gravity” in which the law
must strictly control. Additionally, states have the obligation to take the necessary measures to
protect the lives of those who are deprived of their liberty during arresting, detaining and
imprisoning people. In those cases, states are responsible for people’s life and body integrity.
Loss of life occurring on those circumstances must be properly investigated.174
In the Case of Servellón García et al. v. Honduras, two minors and two young adults were
arrested and extrajudicially killed in a preventive detention operation of the Public Security
Force in Tegucigalpa. The Court argued that the cause of the violation of the right to life were
the victims’ social condition. Moreover, the Court sustained that the State did not provide the
children an environment protected from violence and abuse. They lacked access to basic service
and goods that would have given them the opportunity to development. In this case, the Court
highlighted that states have the obligation to “ensure the protection of children and youngsters
affected by poverty and socially alienated and, especially, to avoid their social stigmatization
as criminals”.175 Honduras was found violating many rights of the Inter-American Convention,

171

Case of the Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v. Paraguay, (29/03/ 2006) paras.163.
OAS. Report on Poverty and Human Rights in the Americas. 7 September 2017. OEA/Ser.l/V/II.164. Doc.147.
173
CCPR, General Comment No. 36 on Article 6 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on
the right to life, 30 October 2018. UN. Doc. CCPR/C/GC/36, para. 60.
174
Ibid. para.13, 19, 25 and 29.
175
Case of Servellón García et al. v. Honduras, Series C No. 152, (21/09/2006), para. 116.
172

38

Catherine Silvério Guisso
including, among others, the right to life, to humane treatment, the prohibition of torture, the
right to personal liberty and security, to a fair trial and the right of the child.
The Case of Uzcátegui et al. v. Venezuela was related to the execution of Néstot José Uzcátegui
by the state police. At the time, no one was sent to trial nor punished for the execution.
Additionally, it was argued that Uzcátegui’s brother, who was in search for justice for his
brother’s death, was being persecuted. The Court made considerations about the right to
property of people living in poverty, once the house of the Uzcátegui family was damaged
during the raid. 176 The Court sustained that the damage to their property had a great impact
considering the socio economic and vulnerability state of the family and sustained that “States
must take into account that groups of people living in adverse circumstances and with fewer
resources, such as those living in poverty, experience an increase in the extent to which their
rights are affected, precisely because of their more vulnerable situation.” 177 Venezuela was
found violating many rights of the Inter-American Convention, including, among others, the
right to life, the right to property, to humane treatment, to personal liberty, to a fair trial and to
judicial protection.
Another relevant and important case concerning the right to life in the poverty jurisprudence is
the Case of Villagrán Morales et al. v. Guatemala, also known as the Case of the Street
Children. At the occasion, the Inter-American Court analysed the two obligations related to the
right to life combined. It was first in this case, in 1999, that the Court established that the right
to life covers not only the right of not being deprived of life arbitrarily but also the right to have
access to the necessary and minimum conditions for living in dignity. The case is about the
kidnapping, torturing and death of four minors and the murder of a fifth one by members of the
security forces. 178 The Court held that when the state violates the rights of children in
vulnerable and risk situations they are victims of a double aggression. Firstly, because the State
failed to prevent them to live in misery, a situation which deprives them to the minimum
conditions to live a life in dignity and where the development of their personality could be full.
Secondly, because it violates their right to physical, mental and moral integrity, including their

176

Case of Uzcátegui et al. v. Venezuela. Series C No. 249 (03/09/2012).
Ibid. para. 204.
178
Case of the “Street Children” (Villagrán Morales et. al.) v. Guatemala. Series C No. 63. (19/11/1999).
177

39

Catherine Silvério Guisso
lives. 179 That is a very meaningful and powerful statement which established that the Court
recognizes that being in misery, or facing extreme poverty, is a violation of human rights.
In the light of Article 19 of the American Convention, the Court wishes to record the particular gravity
of the fact that a State Party to this Convention can be charged with having applied or tolerated a
systematic practice of violence against at risk children in its territory. When States violate the rights of
at-risk children, such as “street children”, in this way, it makes them victims of a double aggression.
First, such States do not prevent them from living in misery, thus depriving them of the minimum
conditions for a dignified life and preventing them from the “full and harmonious development of their
personality”, even though every child has the right to harbor a project of life that should be tended and
encouraged by the public authorities so that it may develop this project for its personal benefit and that
of the society to which it belongs. Second, they violate their physical, mental and moral integrity and
even their lives.180

4.2. The Right to Adequate Standards of Living Including Housing, Food and Water
4.2.1. The Right to Adequate Standards of Living
The right to an adequate standard of living is connected to two basic freedoms: the freedom to
be nourished and the freedom to enjoy adequate living conditions. The right to an adequate
standard of living is straightforwardly connected to poverty. Eide argues that in purely material
terms, the right to an adequate standard of living implies a living above the poverty line. The
author sustains that the realization of human rights, in relation to the right to an adequate
standard of living, clearly requires the eradication of poverty.181
The ICESCR is the international instrument which presents the most comprehensive, and
according to the CESCR, the most important provision related to the right to an adequate
standard of living.182 Article 11 of the ICESCR prescribes in its first paragraph that states shall
recognize everyone’s right “to an adequate standard of living for himself and his family,
including adequate food, clothing and housing, and to the continuous improvement of living
conditions”. 183 Also, the right to be free from hunger is recognized in the second paragraph:

179

Ibid. para.191.
Case of the “Street Children” (Villagrán Morales et. al.) v. Guatemala. Series C No. 63, (19/11/1999), para.
191.
181
Eide, 2001, p. 133.
182
CESCR, General Comment No. 4: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art. 11 (1) of the Covenant), 13 December
1991. UN. Doc. E/1992/23, paras. 3.
183
ICESCR, 1966, article 11.
180

40

Catherine Silvério Guisso

The States Parties to the present Covenant, recognizing the fundamental right of everyone to be free from
hunger, shall take, individually and through international co-operation, the measures, including specific
programmes, which are needed:
(a) To improve methods of production, conservation and distribution of food by making full use of
technical and scientific knowledge, by disseminating knowledge of the principles of nutrition and by
developing or reforming agrarian systems in such a way as to achieve the most efficient development
and utilization of natural resources;
(b) Taking into account the problems of both food-importing and food-exporting countries, to ensure an
equitable distribution of world food supplies in relation to need. 184

There are other international instruments which also prescribe the right to an adequate standard
of living. The article 25 of the UDHR, for example, clarifies that the standard of living shall be
adequate for the health and well-being of a person and his or her family, including food,
housing, medical care and necessary social services.185 The CRC prescribes that the standard
of living shall be “adequate for the child’s physical, mental, spiritual, moral and social
development”.186
Eide sustains that although the basic components of the right to an adequate standard of living
is prescribed in international instruments (food, housing, and clothing) a more precise
definition of “adequate standard of living” is not developed by those.187 In order to better clarify
the scope of this right and its basic components, the CESCR have adopted four General
Comments related to the article 11 of the ICESCR. Those are General Comment No 4 related
to adequate housing, General Comment No 7 also related to housing but addressing forced
evictions specifically, General Comment No 12 related to the right to adequate food and finally
the General Comment No 15 related to the right to water.

184

Ibid.
UDHR, 1948, article 25.
186
CRC, 1989, article 27.
187
Eide, 2001, p. 134.
185

41

Catherine Silvério Guisso
4.2.2. The Right to Adequate Housing
Lack of adequate shelter may affect many social groups, however, homelessness is mostly
faced by the extremely poor. Being homeless is, as sustained by Paraschiv, the most extreme
manifestation of poverty in urban areas. 188 There is no consensus on the definition of
homelessness, which is problematic to provide an accurate comparisons among nations.
Nevertheless, it is estimated that not less than 150 million people are homeless and 1.6 billion
people lack adequate housing worldwide.189 Moreover, as observed by UNICEF, for the most
poor, the right to adequate housing has an impact even on the right to life. 190
The most basic necessity related to adequate housing is shelter. The CESCR provides a broad
definition of shelter in General Comment 4. Shelter is not merely having a roof and should not
be understood as just a commodity. Adequate housing shall include the right to live in security,
peace and dignity. The right to housing is connected to other human rights and the principle
dignity, a premise of the Covenant. The CESCR, based on the Commission on Human
Settlements and the Global Strategy for Shelter to the Year 2000, enumerates the basic
necessities related to adequate shelter: “adequate privacy, adequate space, adequate security,
adequate lighting and ventilation, adequate basic infrastructure and adequate location with
regard to work and basic facilities”.191
Also, it is recognized that adequacy can be partially determined by social, cultural and
environmental factors. However, certain international standards shall be fulfilled in relation to
right to adequate housing. Those are:
(i) Legal security of tenure: all forms of tenure (rental, lease and owner-occupation) shall have
a degree of security to guarantee legal protection (against forced evictions or harassment, for
example).
(ii) Availability of services, materials, facilities and infrastructure which are essential to health,
security, nutrition and comfort. This provision includes the access to safe drinking water,

188

Paraschiv, 2012, p. 226.
Chamie, 2017, available at https://yaleglobal.yale.edu/content/cities-grow-so-do-numbers-homeless.
190
UNICEF, 2016. p. 11. Better discussed in the next subchapter related to the right to life.
191
CESCR, General Comment No. 4: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art. 11 (1) of the Covenant), 13 December
1991. UN. Doc. E/1992/23, para. 7.
189

42

Catherine Silvério Guisso
energy for cooking, heating and lighting and among others, access to sanitation and means of
food storage.
(iii) Affordability: the cost of housing should not compromise or threat the satisfaction of other
basic needs. This provision includes the state’s obligation to provide subsidies for those who
are unable to afford housing.
(iv) Habitability: to guarantee environmental and physical protection and an adequate space.
(v) Accessibility: providing adequate resources and giving priority to disadvantaged groups
with special needs such as the elderly, children, disable and victims of natural disaster.
(vi) Location: related to the access to services, such as schools, health care centers, childcare
and social facilities and employment options. It is noticed in this provision that financial costs
of locomotion affect disproportionately poor households. The location shall also be safe and
not threat the health of the habitants.
(vii) Cultural adequacy: in the construction of the houses. 192
Following the principle of legal security of tenure, General Comment 4 sustains that forced
eviction are, prima facie, incompatible with the provisions of the ICESCR and should be only
sustained in exceptional circumstances and in accordance with the principles of international
law.193
The CESCR elaborates more deeply the issue of forced evictions in the General Comment 7,
clarifying which evictions are legal and what protections are required in the light of the
ICESCR, which prescribes in its article 17.1 the right not to be forcefully evicted without
adequate protection.194 Forced evictions are understood as permanent or temporary removal of
individuals, families or communities from the homes they occupy. The removals are against
their will and without the provision or access to appropriate form of legal or other forms of
protection. The prohibition of forced evictions do not apply for those evictions carried in
accordance with the law and in conformity with international human right law and the
principles of reasonableness and proportionality. 195 In other words, there are circumstances
where evictions may be justifiable, such as the persistent non-payment of rent or damaging a
rented property without reasonable cause. However, states shall ensure that evictions are
192

Ibid. paras. 8.
Ibid. para. 18.
194
ICESCR, 1966, article 17
195
CESCR. General Comment No. 7: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art.11.1): Forced Evictions, 20 May 1997.
UN. Doc. E/1998/22, para. 2, 3 and 14.
193

43

Catherine Silvério Guisso
carried out in a manner warranted by law, guaranteeing appropriate procedural protection, due
process, and that all legal resources and remedies are available for the people affected by those
evictions.196
States shall ensure that all feasible alternatives are explored in consultation with the affected
people before carrying out any eviction, especially in circumstances involving large groups.
This action is especially important in order to avoid or minimize the need of use of force.197
Other procedural protections include: (i) adequate and reasonable notice prior to the scheduled
eviction date, (ii) information regarding the eviction in reasonable time and (iii) provision of
legal remedies for those affected by the eviction. 198
Although General Comment 4 do not explicitly list the minimum core obligations in relation
to the right to adequate housing, it says that there are certain steps that must be taken
immediately, regardless of the stage of development of states. Those are: (i) to respect negative
obligations, meaning the state should abstain from certain practises that could threat the
enjoyment of the right to adequate housing, (ii) to facilitate ‘self-help’ by affected groups, (iii)
to monitor the housing situation of: homeless people, the inadequately housed without access
to basic amenities, people living in ‘illegal’ settlements, people subjected to forced evictions
and low income groups (iv) to request appropriate international cooperation if those steps are
beyond their available resources. 199
In the same way, General Comment 7 sustains that the progressive fulfilment of rights based
in the availability of resources is rarely relevant for forced eviction, once it is mostly related to
a negative obligation. It sustains that states must refrain from forced evictions and ensure that
a third party also do not engage in this practise.200 Moreover, it is valid to highlight that General
Comment No 3 clarifies that when a State have a significant number of people living, among
other things, without basic shelter, it shall be considered that this state is violating its
obligations regarding the minimum core. 201
196

Ibid. para. 11 and 13.
Ibid, para. 13.
198
Ibid. para. 15.
199
CESCR, General Comment No. 4: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art. 11 (1) of the Covenant), 13 December
1991, UN. Doc. E/1992/23, para. 10 and 13.
200
CESCR, General Comment No. 7: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art.11.1): Forced Evictions, 20 May
1997. UN. Doc. E/1998/22, 1997, para. 8.
201
CESCR General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations, 14 December 1990. UN. Doc.
E/1991/23, para. 10.
197

44

Catherine Silvério Guisso

In connection to extreme poverty, the CESCR highlights that the right to housing shall be
ensured to everybody, regardless their income or access to economic resources and that priority
must be given for those social groups living in unfavourable conditions. According to this
provision States should focus on the most vulnerable, including the extremely poor.202 The
CESCR also recognizes that vulnerable individuals and groups suffer disproportionately from
forced evictions. 203 Moreover, it highlights that evictions should not result in homelessness or
leave people vulnerable to violations of other human rights. If an affected group or an
individual are unable to provide housing for themselves, the state must take all appropriate
measures to ensure an adequate alternative housing to the maximum of its available
resources.204
Litigation on both national and international level has addressed the right to adequate housing
in claims brought by the extremely poor. In those cases, the Courts can effectively provide
remedies to the extremely poor, including guaranteeing the protection of those who are affected
by forced eviction, as will be observed in the following cases.
On national level, as already mentioned in the previous section, in Ibrahim Sango Osman v
Minister of State for Provincial Administration & Internal Security the Kenyan High Court
found a violation in the right to adequate housing when accessing the extremely poor conditions
of more than 1.000 people who were forcedly evicted. In conformity with the CESCR
prescriptions, the Court held that eviction shall not result in an individual becoming homeless
or vulnerable to other human rights violations. 205
The case Government of the Republic of South Africa and Others v Grootboom and Others in
South Africa was related to the eviction of a community of an informal settlement on private
land. The community had set up minimal shelter made of plastic where people lacked access
to sanitation and electricity. The community did not challenge the eviction but the lack of
temporary accommodation. South African Constitutional Court held that the state has the
202

CESCR, General Comment No. 4: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art. 11 (1) of the Covenant), 13 December
1991. UN. Doc. E/1992/23, para. 7 and 11.
203
CESCR, General Comment No. 7: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art.11.1): Forced Evictions, 20 May 1997.
UN. Doc. E/1998/22 para. 10.
204
Ibid. paras. 16.
205
Ibrahim Sangor Osman v Minister of State for Provincial Administration & Internal Security (2011) eKLR
Constitutional Petition No 2 of 2011.

45

Catherine Silvério Guisso
obligation to take positive actions to meet the need of people living in extreme poverty,
especially homeless people and those living in intolerable conditions. The Court also held that
adequate basic temporary shelter shall be given to the petitioners. Although the South African
Constitutional Court refused to establish the minimum core obligations of the state on this
occasion, it held that the right of children to shelter cannot be subjected to the available
resources. It held that by failing to provide for those who were most in need, the state had failed
to take the reasonable measures towards the progressively realization of the right to housing.
The Court ordered the state to implement and supervise measures to provide relief for those in
most desperate needs.206
Another relevant case for the protection of the poor in South Africa was Jaftha v.Schoeman
and Van Rooyen v. Stoltz. They were two similar cases related to the right to adequate housing.
Maggie Jaftha was a poor, unemployed and sick woman who had only two years of formal
education and had two children. She had borrowed 27 US dollars and fell behind in the payment
after being charged a significant interest over it. This led to the sale execution of her house,
which she got by state housing subsidy, once she failed to appear before Court due to a
hospitalization for treating her heart problems. Van Rooyen was a mother of three who was
also unemployed, poor and had never the chance to go to school. Her debt was around 35 US
dollars and she also lost her house. The Court acknowledged that if the applicants would lose
their house they would not be able to obtain another subsidy from the state and would be left
without any alternative accommodation. It recognized the negative obligation of states to not
interfere unjustifiably with any person’s existing right to housing. The Court ordered that those
sales could only be ordered with judicial oversight and stressed that some factors should be
taken in consideration in those cases, such as the amount of the debt, the attempt to pay them
and their vulnerable financial situation. 207
At the international level, the Endorois case became famous for being the first case in which
the African Commission recognized the right to development. In the 1970s the Kenyan
government evicted the Endorois community from their ancestral land in order to create a
tourist game reserve. 208 The Commission held that Kenya had a higher duty in terms of taking
206

Government of the Republic of South Africa and Others v Grootboom and Others (CCT11/00) [2000] ZACC
19; 2001 (1) SA 46; 2000 (11) BCLR 1169 (4 October 2000) para. 13, 24, 95, 96 and 99.
207
Jaftha v. Schoeman; Van Rooyen v. Stoltz 2005 (2) SA 140 (CC).
208
Centre for Minority Rights Development (Kenya) and Minority Rights Group International on behalf of
Endorois Welfare Council v Kenya 276 / 2003.

46

Catherine Silvério Guisso
positive steps in protecting groups and vulnerable communities like the Endorois. Those steps
should include “the creation of opportunities, policies, institutions, or other mechanisms that
allow for different cultures and ways of life to exist. The Commission held that those measures
shall be developed considering the challenges faced by indigenous communities. These
challenges include: exclusion, exploitation, discrimination and extreme poverty”. 209 The main
focus of the case was the violation of property and forced eviction, but the Commission also
found a violation of the rights to religious practice, to culture, to the free disposition of natural
resources, and for the first time, to the right to development. The African Commission
acknowledged that one of the key characteristic of indigenous groups is that their survival
depends on their access to their traditional land and their natural resources. 210
Moreover, the jurisprudence has also engaged in the defining of the minimum core content to
the right to housing. In the Serac case211, the first case where the African Commission outlined
economic and social obligations of States in great detail.212 The Commission made
considerations regarding the obligation of states to respect and protect the right to adequate
housing. The Commission stated that, at a very minimum, the right to shelter obliges the states
not to destroy houses of its citizens, not to obstruct their effort to rebuild lost homes and the
obligation to prevent a violation when it is committed by other individual or non-state actors.
The Commission concluded that Nigerian government had failed to fulfil those three minimum
obligations. 213
4.2.3. The Right to Food
To the CESCR, poverty is the main drive to violations related to the right to food. Malnutrition
and undernutrition are problems concerning developing countries. In the words of the
Committee: “the roots of the problem of hunger and malnutrition are not lack of food but lack
of access to available food, inter alia because of poverty, by large segments of the world’s
population”.214 According to the newest hunger map of the Word Food Programme, released
209

Ibid. para. 248.
Ibid. para. 150.
211
Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria
(Communication No. 155/96). 1996.
212
Mzikenge Chirwa, 2008, p. 325.
213
Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria
(Communication No. 155/96), 1996, para. 61.
214
CESCR, General Comment No. 12: The Right to Adequate Food (Art. 11 of the Covenant), 12 May 1999. UN.
Doc. E/C.12/1999/5, para. 5.
210

47

Catherine Silvério Guisso
in August of 2019, still 821 million people do not have enough to eat.215 The number presented
in 1999, the year that the General Comment was published, was about 840 million. 216
As previously argued, violation of the right to food, specifically of its minimum core, leads to
violation of the right to life. Hunger can lead people to die from starvation. Malnutrition affects
the ability of people to enjoy other rights, it can compromise the cognitive development of
children, lead children to stunting (a marker of poverty) and reduce productiveness in adults.217
The CESCR clarifies that the right to adequate food would be realized when every person,
alone or in community, would have, at all times, physical and economic access to adequate
food or the means to its procurement. 218
The core content of the right includes the availability of food in accordance to the dietary needs
of people, both in quality and quantity, to guarantee the nutrients needed to physical and mental
development and maintenance. Food shall also be free from adverse substances and culturally
accepted. Also, the accessibility of food shall be sustainable and it shall not interfere with the
enjoyment of other human rights.219
Accessibility embraces economic and physical accessibility. Both can be linked to extreme
poverty. The CESCR clarifies that economic accessibility implies that the acquisition of food
for an adequate diet shall not comprise the satisfaction of other basic needs and that socially
vulnerable people, especially the landless and the poor, may need special attention. Physical
accessibility requires that adequate food shall be accessible to all. Special attention and even
priority shall be given to disadvantaged groups, which include the extremely poor. Moreover,
the Committee highlights that many indigenous populations are in a particular vulnerable
situation when their access to their ancestral land, which they depend on, may be threatened.220

215

World Food Programme, 2019, available at https://www.wfp.org/publications/2019-hungermap?_ga=2.254566344.1536566393.1565344808-1515585449.1565344808.
216
CESCR, General Comment No. 12: The Right to Adequate Food (Art. 11 of the Covenant), 12 May 1999. UN.
Doc. E/C.12/1999/5, para. 5.
217
UNICEF, 2016, p. 26 and 36.
218
CESCR, General Comment No. 12: The Right to Adequate Food (Art. 11 of the Covenant), 12 May 1999. UN.
Doc. E/C.12/1999/5, para. 6.
219
Ibid. para. 8.
220
Ibid. para. 13.

48

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Although it can be realized progressively, the article 11 (2) of the Covenant sustains that states
specifically recognize the fundamental right to be free from hunger. States shall take a more
immediate and urgent step in that direction. In that sense, the obligation to act for the mitigation
and alleviation of hunger is considered to be the core obligation related to the right to adequate
food. States have, therefore, the obligation to ensure that everyone in their jurisdiction has
access to the minimum essential food. In order to ensure their freedom from hunger, the food
shall be sufficient, nutritionally adequate and safe. A violation of the ICESCR occurs when
these essential levels required to be free from hunger are not ensured.221
States also have the obligation to respect existing access to adequate food and not to take any
measures to threat such access. States shall also protect people from action of third parties
which could compromise their access to adequate food. Regarding the obligation to fulfil, states
have the obligation to facilitate (through positive actions) and provide food directly when the
individuals are not able to enjoy this right due to reasons beyond their control.222
The CESCR also sustains that the right to adequate food is connected to the principle of human
dignity, a precondition for the fulfilment of other basic human rights and it is inseparable from
social justice. It is also argued that the realization of this right requires the adoption of
appropriate measures, both on national and international levels, “oriented to the eradication of
poverty and the fulfilment of all human rights for all”.223
The right to adequate food has been analysed by national and regional courts. The next part of
this subsection focus especially on the right to be free from hunger, a core obligation related
deeply to extreme poverty.
In the first case brought to the Indian Supreme Court regarding the right to food was Kishen
Pattnayak & another v. State of Orissa (1989). The case was concerning the situation of
extremely poor people in Kalahandi/Orissa, where hundreds were dying of starvation,
especially children. It is mentioned, that in order to save themselves for starvation, people had
subjected themselves to “distress sale of labour on a large scale resulting in exploitation of

221

Ibid. para. 6, 14 and 17.
Ibid. para.15.
223
Ibid. para. 4
222

49

Catherine Silvério Guisso
landless labourers by the well to-do landlords”. 224 The Court recognized that most of the people
in the region were living below the poverty line and gave directions regarding necessary
measures to prevent death by starvation, for example, by establishing a Committee to look after
the welfare of the people of the region. However, the Court failed to give specific remedies to
the situation.225
A development in the way to address and provide judicial remedies regarding the right to food
in India was brought in People’s Union for civil liberties v Union of India & Ors, a case already
mentioned in the previous section. Differently than Kishen Pattnayak & another v. State of
Orissa, the Supreme Court of India did not accept that the state had taken appropriate measure
to address the starvations deaths in the area. In the words of the Court:
The Government programmes in the present drought grossly under-estimate the number of persons
requiring immediate assistance, as well as the quantity of foodgrain needed immediately for distribution
to the poor to stave off starvation. The efforts of the Government in fact amount to tokenism and represent
a gross dereliction of duty and betrayal. Both Articles 14 and 21 are violated in that disregard for the
drought-affected is harsh and discriminatory, affecting life itself.

226

In this case, the Court argued that the right to life included not only the right to food but also
the right to water, shelter, education, medical care and decent environment. As previous
mentioned, it was ruled that people living in extreme poverty or those who do not have financial
capacity to purchase food by themselves are entitled to states protection. The Court sustained
that the state failed to prevent starvation and ordered a series of remedies to redress the
situation. 227
In Colombia, the Court reviewed the policy in place for the protection of displaced people in
T-602 of 2003, a case related to a displaced family composed by an old woman and her two
children. The Court sustained that affirmative actions have to satisfy the basic necessities of
the most vulnerable groups to guarantee the minimum for their survival. Referring to a previous
decision, the Court sustained that the victim of extreme social conditions, such as extreme

224

Kishen Pattnayak & another v. State of Orissa 1989 AIR 677, 1989 SCR (1) para.1.
Kishen Pattnayak & another v. State of Orissa 1989 AIR 677, 1989 SCR (1)
226
People's Union for Civil Liberties v. Union of India & Ors, In the Supreme Court of India, Civil Original
Jurisdiction, Writ Petition (Civil) No. 196 of 2001.para. 51
227
Ibid. para. 26, 50, 51 and 53.
225

50

Catherine Silvério Guisso
poverty, have to be covered by exception protection mechanisms once their survival capacity
are threated. In other words, it argued that extreme poverty (or misery, in literal translation)
cannot be tolerated once it compromised the vital minimum. Extremely poor people shall also
be included in permanent programs and projects as long as their vulnerability remain. The
Court also stated that the state have to offer the indispensable conditions to secure that all
inhabitants could live a life in dignity. It highlighted that the government is required to promote
the capabilities of people and to act efficiently to increase the welfare of people, considering
the rights to food, living, and social security. 228
Basing its decision on international human rights treaties, the Court considered that economic
accessibility and economic support were essential in helping people to escape from poverty
and ordered the implementation of a food program focusing on displaced children. The Court
also held that the petitioners were to be included in a food security plan within six months. In
this case, the Court defined the right to food as part of the right to an adequate standard of
living and found that the system of protection of displaced people at that time was not
sufficient. This is an useful example of how the Court can change policies and expand its
findings to protect other vulnerable people which are not connected to a specific case. 229
In 2007, an Argentinian Human Rights Ombudsman asked the Supreme Court to adopt urgent
measures to improve the living condition of the Toba, an indigenous community which was
living in extreme poverty without access to food, housing, safe drinking water, the necessary
medical assistance and education. At that time, eleven deaths were attributed by the lack of
food and health assistance. The Ombudsman stated that the national government is obliged to
ensure that the basic rights for all citizens are met, which means fulfilling the basic needs of
the population, including realizing the rights to life and health. Considering the extreme degree
of misery, the Ombudsman also argued that, undoubtedly, the state has not complied with its
obligations towards the habitants of the Toba community. The Supreme Court granted
precautionary measures regarding the immediate provision of not only food but also safe water
and transportation for the sick to access public health care centres. Additionally, the Court
requested the state to submit information regarding, among others, the resources allocated to

228

Colombian Constitutional Court Ruling T-602 of 2003, Ana Zárate de Bernal c. Red de Solidaridad Social y
INURBE 10 and 12.
229
Ibid. p.44.

51

Catherine Silvério Guisso
the Toba community and the implementation of programs related to food, housing, water,
health care and education. 230
Another domestic case connected to the right to food and adequate standard of living addressed
the situation of an extreme poor group living in Maceio, capital of Alagoas state in Brazil. The
case sparked due to the deplorable living conditions that affected the community of almost two
thousand people living in four neighbour favelas (Mundaú, Sururu de Capote, Torre and
Muvuca). Among other things, the State Public Ministry highlighted that the community could
not satisfy their basic need for food. Children faced malnutrition and severe malnutrition and
the community lacked basic infrastructure and sanitation with no regular access to water or
electricity. Also, their houses were made of plastic and cardboard. Children were also
vulnerable to child labour, including sexual exploitation. The existing social benefits (social
security) and medical programs had a limited coverage in the area once many members of the
community even lacked necessary basic documents to eligibility. Based on constitutional and
international provisions, the municipality was found responsible for the violations of the rights
to food, health and education of the children in the area. Among other things, the municipality
was required to offer a plan to expand and create shelters to assist children and adolescents on
emergency situations, to offer day care and access to school to all the children in the community
and to promote campaigns to issue birth certificates and against child labour.231
The already mentioned Serac case, is also an example of how the right to food have been
understood at regional level. The communication alleged that a state-owned company
(Nigerian Petroleum Company and Shell Petroleum Development Corporation) had committed
a range of human rights violations in which the State could be held responsible. The companies
had explored the area without considering the health and environmental impacts for the local
population. As a result, the water, soil and air were polluted, causing long-term health problems
for the people in the area. Furthermore, several military operations took place in the area against
the Ogoni people, who were protesting against the oil companies. Several villages were burned
and destroyed. Farm animals and even some people were killed. The petitioner alleged that the
destruction of the farms, rivers, crops and animals led certain Ogoni communities to

230

Defensor del Pueblo Estado Nacional y otra (Provincia del Chaco) (Supreme Court) 18/9/2007.
Action No. 4.830/07, 2ᵃ Vara da Infância e Juventude de Maceió (District Court for Childhood and Youth),
2007.
231

52

Catherine Silvério Guisso
malnutrition and starvation, a characteristic of extreme poverty.232 The African Commission
held that the Nigerian government had violated several of the human rights norms, including
the right to life, to health, to property, to economic, social and cultural development and the
right to food, implicitly contained in the right to life, as already mentioned. The Court made
considerations regarding the minimum of the state’s obligation to respect and protect regarding
the right to food, saying that the minimum core of this right includes that the State should not
destroy or contaminate the sources of food or let any private party to do so.233
4.2.4. The Right to Water
In 2000 it was estimated that 1.1 billion people did not have access to water supply and 2.7
billion people did not have access to adequate sanitation. Although the number have decrease
in the last decades, still in 2017, there were 785 million people living without drinking water
services and 2 billion without access to sanitation.234 As sustained by Angoua et. al., extremely
poor people are the most affected by the lack of access to water and sanitation due their
vulnerable and marginalized conditions. It includes slum dwellers living in precarious
conditions in urban areas, disadvantaged urban community livings in fringes and people living
in deprived rural areas. The problem also affects the developing world disproportionately. In
2014, the percentage of people in sub-Saharan Africa living in slums was 55%. In 2015, 70%
of the population in the same area did not have access to proper sanitation and 32% were relying
on improper sources of drinking water.235
The last General Comment related to the adequate standard of living addresses the right to
water. The CESCR argues that although not explicitly included in the article 11 of the ICESCR,
the right to water clearly falls within that provision once water is essential for securing an
adequate standard of living and one of the most fundamental capabilities for survival.236
Additionally, the right to water supplies appears on the Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Discrimination against Women as a necessity related to adequate living conditions.237

232

Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria
(Communication No. 155/96).
233
Ibid. para. 66.
234
UNICEF and WHO, 2019, p. 7 and 8.
235
Angoua et. al., 2018, p.1.
236
CESCR. General Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20 January 2003.
UN. Doc. E/C.12/2002/11, para. 3.
237
CEDAW, 1981, Article 14, para. 2(h).

53

Catherine Silvério Guisso
The CESCR also connects the right to water to the right to the highest attainable standards of
health.238 The Convention on the Rights of the Child requires states to tackle diseases and
malnutrition “through the provision of adequate nutritious foods and clean drinking water”.239
The right to water entitles all individuals to “sufficient, safe, acceptable, physically accessible
and affordable water for personal and domestic uses”.240 The water shall be safe and enough to
prevent death from dehydration. It shall also be provided for cooking, personal and domestic
hygiene requirements. The right to water includes negative and positive obligations. People
have the right to maintain access for existing supplies, the right to be free from interference
and to be free from arbitrary disconnection and contamination of water supplies. People have
also the right to a system of water supply and management. 241
The Committee recognises that although the adequacy of water required can vary according to
different conditions, three factors shall apply to all: (i) availability: states can resort to the
guidelines to the World Health Organization (WHO) to establish the quantity of water needed
per person; (ii) quality: related to the safety of the water and (iii) accessibility: including
physical and economic accessibility provided without discrimination. Water services and
facilities shall be accessible to all, including the most vulnerable and marginalized ones. In this
context, economic accessibility means that water facilities and services must be affordable for
all and the cost and charges related to these services shall not compromise or threat the
realization of other human rights. 242
The obligations of the state include (i) the obligation to respect, meaning the obligation not to
interfere directly or indirectly in the enjoyment to the right to water, including limiting equal
access to adequate water, (ii) the obligation to protect the people against interferences in the
enjoyment of the right to water by third parties. When water services are provided by third
parties the state must guarantee that they provide equal, affordable and sufficient, safe and

238

CESCR, General Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20 January 2003.
UN. Doc. E/C.12/2002/11, para. 3.
239
CRC, 1989, Article 24, paras. 2.
240
CESCR, General Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20 January 2003.
UN. Doc. E/C.12/2002/11, para. 2.
241
Ibid. para. 10.
242
Ibid. para. 2 and 12.

54

Catherine Silvério Guisso
acceptable water and (iii) the obligation to fulfil, meaning to provide the right whenever people
are unable, for reasons beyond their control, to realize the right to water by themselves.243
The core obligations regarding water includes (i) to ensure access to the minimum essential
amount of water for personal and domestic use to prevent diseases, (ii) to ensure nondiscriminatory access to water and water facilities, especially for disadvantaged or
marginalized groups, such as the extremely poor (iii) to ensure physical access to water
avoiding prohibitive waiting time and at a reasonable distance, (iv) to ensure personal security
of people when having physical access to water, (v) to ensure equitable distribution, (vi) to
adopt a national water strategy to address all its population, (vii) to monitor the realization of
the right, (viii), to adopt low cost program targeting vulnerable and marginalized groups and
finally (ix) to prevent, treat and control diseases linked to water, in particular ensuring access
to adequate sanitation. 244 Additionally, states have the obligation to progressively extent
sanitation services, especially in rural areas and deprived urban areas. 245
Regarding the allocation of water, priority must be given for personal, domestic use
guaranteeing that the water resources required to prevent starvation and diseases, are satisfied.
The CESCR also notes that water is an important resource for agriculture, which connects the
right to water to the realization of the right to adequate food. It is stressed that states shall give
special attention to disadvantaged and marginalized farmers and to indigenous people, once
access to water is essential in maintaining their livelihoods.246
The Committee recognizes that contamination of the water, as well as its exploration and
unequal distribution exacerbates by poverty. For this reasons, priority shall be given to the
water resources needed to prevent starvation, diseases and to meet the core obligations of other
rights.247 Moreover, as already mentioned, states have obligations towards the extremely poor,
such as the obligation to provide access to water for those who do not have sufficient means,
giving special attention to individuals and groups who traditionally face difficulties in
exercising the right to water.248

243

Ibid. para. 21-26.
Ibid. para. 37.
245
Ibid. paras. 29.
246
Ibid. para. 6.
247
Ibid. para.1 and 6.
248
Ibid. para.15 and 16
244

55

Catherine Silvério Guisso

The right to water has already appeared in some cases discussed in the section. Access to water
and sanitation were key components in the Grootboom case249, Centre on Housing Rights and
Evictions (COHRE) v. Sudan250 and in Ibrahim Sango Osman v Minister of State for Provincial
Administration & Internal Security251 in connection with the right to adequate housing. Also,
in connection with the right to food in the Toba case252, the Argentine Supreme Court issued
precautionary measures guaranteeing the provision of water and ordered the state to implement
a program in the community to ensure potable water.
Moreover, one case in Argentina shows that Courts can guarantee the right to water to those
living in extreme poverty. In Quevedo, Miguel Ángel y Otros c/Aguas Cordobesas SA, a private
company responsible for water provision, disconnected the water supply of Miguel Ángel
Quevedo and other low-income families due to lack of payment. The families lived in
extremely poor conditions, facing vulnerable socioeconomic conditions and unemployment.
The Court held that the right to drinking water is guaranteed by national and international law
and its violation compromises the health and the physical integrity of individuals. It highlighted
that the absence of drinking water has several implications, especially for those living in
poverty. As mentioned in this section, the core obligations related to the right to water includes
ensuring a minimum access to an essential amount of water. The Court held that the company
would have to provide a minimum daily supply for each family and increase the minimum
supply from 50 litres (as established in the country’s Regulatory Framework) to 200 litres per
household once it considered that 50 litres of water would not be enough to guarantee basic
hygiene and health conditions to an average family. This is an example of a case where the
national court successfully established the content of a minimum obligation for the State. 253
Although the previous cases are presented in this section due to the important role of the
violation of the right to adequate standards of living (including housing, food and water) plays
in those judgements, they are clear examples of the multidimensional deprivations that

249

Government of the Republic of South Africa and Others v Grootboom and Others (CCT11/00) [2000] ZACC
19; 2001 (1) SA 46; 2000 (11) BCLR 1169 (4 October 2000).
250
Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions (COHRE) v. Sudan, Communication 296/2005.
251
Ibrahim Sangor Osman v Minister of State for Provincial Administration & Internal Security (2011) eKLR
Constitutional Petition No 2 of 2011.
252
Defensor del Pueblo Estado Nacional y otra (Provincia del Chaco) (Supreme Court) 18/9/2007.
253
Quevedo, Miguel Ángel y Otros c/ Aguas Cordobesas SA. Juez Sustituta de Primera Instancia Civil y
Comercial (Ciudad de Córdoba) (08/04/2002).

56

Catherine Silvério Guisso
extremely poor people face, once there are violations of other rights which have a constitutive
relevance to poverty, such as health and education. It is also a good example of the
indivisibility, interdependence and interrelatedness of all human rights.
Moreover, some cases presented in this section show how poverty can also be the cause to other
human rights violations, not only those which have a constitutive relevance to poverty but also
those related to other civil and political human rights. The Kishen Pattnayak & another v. State
of Orissa shows that extremely poor people are willing to accept exploited labour conditions
in order not to die from starvation. 254 In Maceio, extreme poverty also lead children to work,
including sexual work.255
The Inter-American Court has already recognized this connection between extreme poverty
and the violation of civil right related to forced labour and slavery. As the Case of the workers
of the Brazil Verde Estate against Brazil, related to forced labour and slavery, the Court
acknowledged that all the victims shared a common background: being poor. The Court
emphasized that the victims came from the poorest regions of Brazil with the fewest work
opportunities and the lowest level of human development. They were illiterate and placed in a
situation in which they were more prone to be recruited via false promises. As a result, the
Court sustained:
It appears from the evidence in the case file that there was a situation based on the economic status of
the victims (...) that amounted to discriminatory treatment. According to several reports by the ILO and
the Brazilian Ministry of Labor, “it is the extreme poverty of the worker that leads him spontaneously to
accept the labor conditions offered,” particularly since “the more living conditions deteriorate, the greater
the willingness of workers to face the risks of working far from home. In that sense, poverty is the main
factor driving contemporary slavery in Brazil, because it increases the vulnerability of a significant
segment of the population, making them easy prey for slave labor recruiters.256

4.3. The Right to Health
The CESCR recognizes that the fulfilment of the provisions included in the right to health are
still a distant goal, especially by those living in poverty.257 The right to health is also connected
254

Kishen Pattnayak & another v. State of Orissa 1989 AIR 677, 1989 SCR (1).
Action No. 4.830/07, 2ᵃ Vara da Infância e Juventude de Maceió (District Court for Childhood and Youth).
256
Case of the Hacienda Brazil Verde Workers v. Brazil. Series C No. 318, para. 340 (20/10/2016).
257
CESCR, General Comment No. 14: The Right to the Highest Attainable Standard of Health (Art. 12 of the
Covenant), 11 August 2000. UN. Doc. E/C.12/2000/4, para 5.
255

57

Catherine Silvério Guisso
to extreme poverty through a freedom mostly related to people’s survival, freedom to lead
normal spans of life (see Table 1). Violations on the right to enjoy the highest attainable
standards of health affects the extremely poor disproportionately. As sustained by Singh and
Singh, people in developing societies fight mostly against infectious and communicable
diseases while in the developed world the diseases are mostly related to lifestyle. The authors
argue that there are also primary diseases related to poverty, such as tuberculosis, malaria and
malnutrition. 258 The denial of a minimum content of the right to health compromises the ability
of people to survive. As previous mentioned, according to UNICEF, extremely poor children
are twice as likely to die before completing five years and to be chronically malnourished than
children from other social classes. In 2015, about 5.9 million children died before turning 5
years-old and in a projection, UNICEF estimated that by 2030, 69 million children will die
before completing five years due to preventable diseases or causes. Poor women are also less
likely to have access to prenatal care and skilled birth than the richer women. Also, women
from socially vulnerable groups, often experience hostile treatment or lack of responsiveness
from health care providers. Even in cases when health care services are accessible and
affordable, poor women can suffer from discriminatory practices.259
The ICESCR prescribes the elements necessary to live a healthy life and the entitlement
necessary to give significance to the right. Article 12 states that the right for everyone to enjoy
the highest attainable standards of health shall be recognized by all States Parties and that steps
have to be taken in order to achieve the full realization of the rights, including the following
necessary provisions: (i) to reduce stillborn and infant mortality rates related to the healt h
development of the child, (ii) to improve aspects of environmental and industrial hygiene, (iii)
to prevent, treat and control, among others, epidemic, endemic and occupational diseases and
(iv), to create conditions for ensuring medical service in the event of sickness. 260
As sustained by the CESCR, the right to health cannot be understood as the right to be healthy
since being healthy cannot be addressed solely by states. It also depends on several variables
such as genetic conditions, lifestyle and individual susceptibility. In that sense, the right to

258

Singh and Singh, 2008, p. 187.
UNICEF, 2016, p. 3 and 20.
260
ICESCR, 1966, article 12.
259

58

Catherine Silvério Guisso
health shall be understood “as the right to enjoyment of a variety of facilities, goods, services
and conditions necessary for the realization of the highest attainable standard of health”. 261
There are four essential elements of the right to health, whose application would depend on the
socioeconomic conditions of each State Party. The first is availability, meaning that public
health care facilities, goods, services and programmes shall be available in sufficient quantity.
Also, underlying determinants of health shall be available, such as safe and potable water,
sanitation facilities, hospitals, health centres and essential drugs. The second element is
accessibility. Health facilities, goods and services shall be accessible to the whole population
without discrimination. That embraces information accessibility, physical accessibility and
economic accessibility. Physical accessibility means that facilities and services shall be within
safe physical reach for all the population, and especially for the most vulnerable and
marginalized groups, which can include the extremely poor. Moreover, economic accessibility
is related to affordability, meaning that all health services and goods shall be affordable to all,
including the extremely poor. By the principle of equity, the poorest households should not be
disproportionately burdened of expenses related to health in comparison to the richest
households. The third element related to the right to health is acceptability, regarding respectful
medical ethics which takes into consideration cultural dimensions. The last element is quality,
meaning that the services and goods must be medically appropriate and in good quality. 262
As any other right, states have the obligation to respect, protect and fulfil towards the right to
health. More specifically, the obligation to respect would include, for example, to refrain from
denying equal access to all the population or abstain from unlawfully polluting the air, water
and soil. The obligation to protect includes, for example, to control health care related services
provided by third parties and to guarantee that those services are in conformity with the
essential elements of the right to health when those services are privatized. The obligation to
fulfil includes taking positive measures to enable all individuals to enjoy the right to health and
to directly provide for those who are unable, for reasons beyond their control, to enjoy the right
to health by themselves.263

261

CESCR, General Comment No. 14: The Right to the Highest Attainable Standard of Health (Art. 12 of the
Covenant), 11 August 2000. UN. Doc. E/C.12/2000/4, para. 8-9.
262
Ibid. para. 12.
263
Ibid. para. 33-37.

59

Catherine Silvério Guisso
The core content of the right to health includes especially essential primary health care and (i)
the right to access health facilities and services on a non-discriminatory basis and especially
for the most vulnerable and marginalized groups, including the extremely poor, (ii) the right to
access minimum essential food to ensure the freedom from hunger, a direct connection to the
right to food, (iii) the right to ensure access to basic shelter, housing, sanitation and safe water,
another straightforward connection to the right to adequate standards of living, (iv) the right to
access to essential drugs, defined by the WHO Programme on essential drugs, (v) the right to
equitable distribution of all health services and (vi) the implementation of public health
strategies.264
Furthermore, the Committee establishes that there are obligations that are comparable in
priority to those established minimum core contents. Those are (i) to ensure reproductive,
maternal and child health, (ii) to provide information regarding major infectious diseases, (iii)
to provide measures to prevent, treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases, (iv) to provide
education and accessible information regarding birth control and main problems in the
community and finally, (v) to provide adequate training for the health personnel. 265
Extremely poor people have also been seeking remedies to their situation through the right to
health. The right to health is also indispensable for the exercise of other human rights, including
other core rights such as the right to food, housing and access to water, since these are
determinants of health. In other words, the right to health embraces many socio-economic
factors since they promote the conditions in which people can enjoy a healthy life. Also, the
enjoyment of the right to health is a conductive to live a life in dignity. 266 For that reason, the
right to health have already appeared in the last two sections in connection to the right to an
adequate standard of living and the right to life. To exemplify, the right to health was an
important component in the cases related to the right to food. In Argentina, the Court have
ordered the implementation of a health care program to the Toba community, since deaths were
attributed to lack of food and health care assistance. 267 At the international level, the Serac case
also dealt with the right to health since the contamination of the soil led to long-term health

264

Ibid. para. 43.
Ibid.
266
Ibid. para.1 and 4.
267
Defensor del Pueblo Estado Nacional y otra (Provincia del Chaco) (Supreme Court) 18/9/2007.
265

60

Catherine Silvério Guisso
problems in the Ogoni community in Nigeria. 268 Considering the connections with the right to
life, the right to health was evaluated in the Case of the Indigenous Community Yakye Axa v.
Paraguay269 and in Case of the Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v. Paraguay270 when
establishing the violation of the right to life.
There are also national and regional cases which are mostly connected to the right to health.
Recently, several decision in India have found a constitutional right to maternal health in
connection to the right to life. As stated before, maternal care is an obligation comparable in
priority to those established in the core obligations. One example is Premlata w/o Ram Sagar
& Ors. v. Govt. of NCT Delhi a case regarding six pregnant/lactating women living in a slum
and facing poverty. They were denied food rations and access to prenatal and children care,
including several national programmes which they were entitled to. The High Court of Delhi
reaffirmed that the violation of the right to health derived from the right to life and made the
same consideration about their right to food. 271
In the Azanca Alheli Meza Garcia case, in Peru, the Constitutional Tribunal considered the
importance of the right to health to guarantee the full enjoyment of the right to life. The Court
was favourable to the applicants request for the provision of HIV-AIDS full treatment stating
that the State shall comply with its obligation within reasonable time since this condition is
indispensable for realizing the right to health progressively. 272 In words of the Tribunal:
The Tribunal concludes granting legal protection to a social right, as is the right to health, because, in
this case in particular, the conditions so merit. This judgment in favor of the appellant is founded not
only on the potential violation of the right to life, but for reasons based on the legislation of the matters
subject to this review for the maximum protection of HIV/AIDS patients, through the promulgation of
Law N.° 28243, that modifies Law N.° 26626; moreover, when currently a campaign of antiretroviral
treatment free of charge has been promoted for patients in conditions of extreme poverty, a group to
which the appellant belongs, as she has in her favor an injunction issued by the Inter-American
Commission on Human Right.273

268

Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria
(Communication No. 155/96).
269
Indigenous Community Yakye Axa v. Paraguay. Series C N. 125 (17/07/2005).
270
Case of the Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v. Paraguay (29/03/ 2006) para.163.
271
Premlata w/o Ram Sagar & Ors. v. Govt. of NCT Delhi, W.P.C. 7687 of 2010.
272
Azanca Alhelí Meza García, EXP. N. ° 2945-2003-AA/TC. Tribunal Constitucional (20/04/2004).
273
Ibid. para. 50.

61

Catherine Silvério Guisso
As a result of this case, the tribunal asked the Minister of health not only to offer the access to
HIV-AIDS’s medication for the applicant but also to advance in the implementation of
legislation that gives priority budget resources for people with HIV-AIDS living in extreme
poverty. The Tribunal sustained that in line with the principles of justice and equality in a
democratic state, it is necessary to guarantee the satisfaction of people’s basic necessities giving
priority for those who cannot afford to satisfy their basic needs, therefore, a priority must be
given for those who face extreme poverty. 274 This is another successful example of how the
Tribunal can recommend changes in policies and expand its findings to protect other poor
people.
In South Africa, the TAC case is also a good example of the protection of vulnerable and poor
people which focused in the right to health. The Constitutional Court analysed the restriction
of the policy adopted by the State in implementing a policy focusing in the prevention of AIDS’
mother-to-child transmission through breastfeeding and birth. The program used a medication
named Nevirapine, but it was only available and accessible in two medical sites in each
province, which meant that only 10% of the population would have access to it. As a result of
this policy, only private clinics which focused on research were allowed to prescribe
Nevirapine, not the public hospitals. Although the state argued that the limitation was
reasonable due financial constraints, the Court found that those restrictions were too rigid. The
Court highlighted that it is the duty of the State to help parents to access healthcare when they
are not able to afford it and stressed that the justiciability of economic and social rights
improves the life of poor people and vulnerable segments. Although the Constitutional Court
of South Africa sustained, as in the previous mentioned Grootboom case, that it was impossible
to guarantee universal access to core services immediately, it stressed that the State’s obligation
towards the progressive realization of those rights and ordered that the medication shall be
available in all the medical centres once it could save the lives of many. 275
At the regional level, in Purohit and Moore v. The Gambia the African Commission examined
the mental health legal framework in the country. The claimant alleged that they had not given
their consent for medical treatment and the conditions of the hospital were not ideal.
Additionally the applicants were denied of their political right to vote. The Commission
274

Ibid. para. 48.
Minister of Health and Others v Treatment Action Campaign and Others (No 2) (CCT8/02) [2002] ZACC 15;
2002 (5) SA 721; 2002 (10) BCLR 1033 (5 July 2002).
275

62

Catherine Silvério Guisso
acknowledged that the people in that psychiatric hospital were collected from the street, (where
they were likely to be facing extreme poverty) and concluded that Gambia failed to satisfy the
requirements to guarantee the right to enjoy the best attainable states of physical and mental
health in conformity with article 16 of the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights. The
Commission also held that, on the basis of the principle of non-discrimination and equal
protection, Gambia should provide medical care services, material and medicines for all. 276
The Commission acknowledged that the right to health should never be denied for people with
mental illnesses once treatment is crucial to their survival and it also acknowledged that many
countries at the African continent are facing poverty, which makes them incapable to provide
the sufficient amenities and resources to facilitate the full enjoyment of rights. The Commission
sustains that states are under the obligation to take concrete and target steps and full advantage
of the resources available to ensure that the right to health is fully realized without
discrimination of any kind.277
In the Inter-American system, the Court recognized for the first time in 2018 the right to health
as an autonomous right and enforceable in the case Poblete Vilches and others vs. Chile
concerning the death of Mr. Vinicio Antonio Poblete Vilches. His low-income family claimed
that the public hospital’s negligence have led to Mr. Vilches death and that the state failed to
investigate the circumstances of his death. At the time, the Court found among other things a
violation of the right to health, life and personal integrity.278 The Court acknowledged the
Commission’s argument that this case offer the possibility to analyse particular situations of
vulnerability regarding the right to health, specially taking in consideration the right of people
who live in poverty.279
Later in 2018, in a case related to poor people living with HIV, Cuscul Pivaral and Others vs.
Guatemala, the Inter-American Court reaffirmed the right to health in connection with people
living with HIV. The case was presented by 48 victims and their families, 15 of them had died
while the case was under examination. 280 They claimed that the anti-retroviral therapy was

276

Purohit and Moore v. The Gambia. Communication No. 241/2001, Sixteenth Activity report 2002-2003, Annex
VII.
277
Ibid. para. 84 and 85.
278
Poblete Vilches and others v. Chile Case 12.695 (08/03/2018).
279
Ibid. para.85.
280
Cuscul Pivaral and Others vs. Guatemala (23/08/2018).

63

Catherine Silvério Guisso
inadequate. All the victims shared intersecting characteristic that put them in a more vulnerable
position, including being poor. The Court highlighted that, in accordance to article 10 of the
San Salvador Protocol the states shall guarantee the “satisfaction of the health needs of the
highest risk groups and of those whose poverty makes them the most vulnerable”. 281 Therefore,
the Court recognized a special obligation of the states to respect and guarantee the right to
health for those who live in vulnerable conditions, stating that people living in poverty often
have an unequal access to health services and information which exposes them to a higher risk
of infection and to receive inadequate medical services. 282 The Court found Guatemala
violating the right to health, to life, and to personal integrity, among others.
4.4. The Right to Education
Although the right to education is not related to a freedom directly connected to the ability of
survival, this right is constitutive to extreme poverty because it can increase the possibility of
a person to escape extreme poverty in many ways. In the words of the CESCR:
Education is the primary vehicle by which economically and socially marginalized adults and children
can lift themselves out of poverty and obtain the means to participate fully in their communities.
Education has a vital role in empowering women, safeguarding children from exploitative and hazardous
labour and sexual exploitation, promoting human rights and democracy, protecting the environment, and
controlling population growth.283

In the same way, UNICEF argues that without education, poor children are more likely to grow
as low-skilled adults who will be poorly paid and susceptible to unsecure employment.
Education is, therefore, a key right from breaking the intergenerational cycle of extreme
poverty.284 Moreover, education enables the most poor to know about their entitlements and
could potentially provide them the capacity to claim a violation of their rights. 285 Education is
also crucial for the fulfilment of other human rights, including political and civil rights,286 such

281

Protocol of San Salvador, 1988, art.10.
Cuscul Pivaral and Others vs. Guatemala para. 131.
283
CESCR, General Comment No. 13: The Right to Education (Art. 13 of the Covenant), 8 December 1999. UN.
Doc. E/C.12/1999/10, para. 1.
284
UNICEF, 2016, p .6.
285
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 47.
286
CESCR, General Comment No. 11: Plans of Action for Primary Education (Art. 14 of the Covenant), 10 May
1999. UN. Doc. E/1992/23, para. 2.
282

64

Catherine Silvério Guisso
as freedom of information, expression, assembly, or the right of equal access to public service
once they depend on a very minimum level of education and literacy. 287
According to UNICEF, 60% of the poorest population who are between 20 to 24 years old have
less than four years of education. Also, as previously argued, children of mothers who have no
access to educational services are three times more likely to die before completing five years
than those whose mother attended to secondary education, which connects the right to
education to the right to life, even if not in a straightforward way. In a prediction made for the
year 2030, UNICEF sustain that 60 million children in primary school age will be out of school.
Half of them will live in sub-Saharan Africa which will also account for 90% of the extremely
poor children.288
The ICESCR is the international instrument which sets the most comprehensive content of the
right to education. Article 13 recognizes education as a universal right and sustains that it “shall
be directed to the full development of the human personality and the sense of its dignity and
shall strengthen the respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms”. 289 Moreover
education should “enable all persons to participate effectively in a free society, promote
understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations and all racial, ethnic or religious
groups”.290
Primary education shall be compulsory and free of charge for everyone under the jurisdictions
of the state, while secondary and higher education shall be made available and accessible.
Those last two shall be offered on the basis of capacity, by all appropriate means, in particularly
regarding progressively introduction as a free service. Furthermore, fundamental education
shall be encouraged by those who did not receive it in the ideal time.291
The CESCR clarifies that the right to receive education shall be firstly available. States shall
have a sufficient number of education institutions providing educational services. In order to
properly exercise its activities, educational institutions shall be protected from weather
element, have adequate sanitation facilities, safe drinking water, trained teachers and, among
287

Novak, 2001, p. 245.
UNICEF, 2016, p. 3 and 11.
289
ICESCR, 1966, article 13.
290
Ibid.
291
Ibid.
288

65

Catherine Silvério Guisso
others, teaching materials. Secondly, the right to education shall be accessible to everyone,
without discrimination, especially towards the most vulnerable groups, including the extremely
poor. Accessibility includes physical accessibility and economic accessibility. Schools must be
reasonably located in order to allow attendance or offer the possibility to distance learning
programmes via internet. Education shall also be affordable to everyone and primary education
shall be free to all. The third element is acceptability. Educational provisions shall be relevant,
culturally appropriate and of good quality. The last element is adaptability. Education must be
flexible to the changes in society and respond to the diversity needs and cultural setting of
all. 292
States also have the obligation to respect, protect and fulfil towards the right to education. As
previously mentioned, the obligation to respect require states to refrain from measures that
prevent the enjoyment of the right such as not closing private schools. The obligation to protect
is related to the adoption of measures to prevent that a third party would interfere in the right,
for example, monitoring private schools. Finally, the obligation to fulfil is related to the
provision of the right itself whenever individuals or groups cannot enjoy the right by
themselves for reasons beyond their control. More specifically, although states have the
principal responsibility for the provision of education in most circumstances, the obligation to
fulfil are not the same at all the levels of education and priority shall be given for primary
education, which shall be compulsory and free for all. 293
Moreover, as clarified by the CESCR:
States parties are obliged to ensure that an educational fellowship system is in place to assist
disadvantaged groups. The obligation to pursue actively the “development of a system of schools at all
levels” reinforces the principal responsibility of States parties to ensure the direct provision of the right
to education in most circumstances. 294

The minimum core content for the right to education is also established. Those are (i) to
provide access to public educational institutions on a non-discriminatory way, (ii) to provide
primary education to all, (iii) to adopt national strategies in providing secondary, higher and

292

CESCR, General Comment No. 13: The Right to Education (Art. 13 of the Covenant), 8 December 1999. UN.
Doc. E/C.12/1999/10, para. 6.
293
Ibid. para. 47-48.
294
Ibid. para. 53.

66

Catherine Silvério Guisso
fundamental education, and (iv) to ensure a free choice of education in conformity with the
minimum educational standards, without interference from the State or third parties (vi) to
ensure that education confirms the objectives of the article 13, previous mentioned in this
section.295
Still, 59 million children are denied access to primary school, of those, more than half lives in
sub-Saharan Africa in 2013. Also children from the poorest households are, on their first day
at school, unprepared to succeed in school and as they progress, they are more likely to drop
out before completing primary school.296 In UNICEF’s words:
The impact of poverty on education begins early, because the poorest children in any country are the
least likely to attend early childhood education programmes. And the disadvantages continue. In subSaharan Africa, nearly 60 percent of 20- to 24-year-olds from the poorest fifth of the population have
been through fewer than four years of schooling. By contrast, only 15 per cent in the richest quintile have
been in school for less than four years. In Egypt and the United Republic of Tanzania, being born poor
nearly doubles the risk of missing out on basic education relative to the national average. For poor women
in both countries, the risk is even higher.297

Moreover, poverty also leaves children to develop learning deficits. Children of the poorest
households are more likely to suffer from developmental delays in literacy and numeracy.
Education can also be a tool to prevent the violation of other child rights, such as child
labour.298
The right to education appears in some of the previous cases discussed in the previous sections
of this chapter, although the focus on those cases were more closely related to rights that could
jeopardize the applicants survival. In the Toba case, for example, when members of the
community have died because of lack of food and basic health care, education was included in
the many deprivation the community was facing. The Court also requested the state to
implement educational programs in the areas. 299 The right to education was also violated in the
Brazilian case involving four favela’s communities in Maceio. The Court held that all children
in the community should be at school.300
295

Ibid. para. 57.
UNICEF, 2016, p. 43 and 44.
297
Ibid. p. 46.
298
Ibid. p. 49 and 56.
299
Defensor del Pueblo Estado Nacional y otra (Provincia del Chaco) (Supreme Court) 18/9/2007.
300
Action No. 4.830/07, 2ᵃ Vara da Infância e Juventude de Maceió (District Court for Childhood and Youth).
296

67

Catherine Silvério Guisso

More specifically, in 2015, the Inter-American Court considered poverty as one of the several
factors that combined generated discrimination in the Case of Gonzales Lluy et al. v. Ecuador
and recognized the right to education in connection to poverty. In the decision, there is a chapter
which aim is only to analyse the situation of poverty faced by the Lluy family. 301 The petitioner
was a three years-old girl, Talía Gonzales Lluy, who faced severe discrimination from the
teachers and school officials including being banned from attending her class. She faced
discrimination for being HIV positive, a condition that she obtained after multiple blood
transfusions where the blood was not tested for infectious diseases. Furthermore, her family
was evicted and forced to move several times when landlords became aware of Talía’s
condition. In the words of the Court:
In this case, statements that have not been contested by the State illustrate the impact that the Lluy
family’s situation of poverty had on the approach to Talía’s HIV (…). These statements have also
explained the discrimination in the educational environment associated with how, in a prejudiced and
stigmatizing way, Talía Gonzales Lluy was considered a risk for her classmates, not only when she was
expelled from the Zoila Aurora Palacios School, but at other time when she tried to access the education
system. 302

The Court also sustained that “the situation of poverty also had an impact on the difficulties to
gain access to the education system and to lead a decent life”. 303 The Court found that the case
was a confluence of multiple intersecting vulnerabilities once the petitioner was a poor girl
living with HIV and it emphasized that poverty had also an impact in the initial non access to
adequate health care which lead to HIV transmission. Furthermore, the Court also found that
poverty led to difficulties to gain access to adequate housing. Ecuador was found in violation
of the rights to life, physical integrity and education.304
4.5. The Importance of a Poverty Jurisprudence and Access to Justice
The last sections have shown how courts have applied the human rights framework in cases
claimed by the extreme poor. In these cases, poverty was considered an important factor to
establish a violation of the right to life, to an adequate standard of living, to health and
301

Case of Gonzales Lluy et al. v. Ecuador, Series C No. 298 XIII. (01/09/2015) para. 155.
Ibid. para. 289.
303
Ibid. para. 290.
304
Ibid.
302

68

Catherine Silvério Guisso
education. At national and international levels, the jurisprudence supports that states can be
found responsible for failures to adopt measures to facilitate and provide access to the minimum
conditions that would enable people facing extreme poverty to maintain their survival and live
a life in dignity. In this sense, extreme poverty have been handled as a condition where
dignified existence is not possible and the vulnerable conditions of the extremely poor have
been understood as a violation of the core content of human rights.305
The national and international cases exemplify the national and international court’s
transformative capacity of changing the reality and providing effective remedies and standards
for those who are struggling with the most inhuman deprivations. According to Formisano
Prada:
Judicial decisions have accordingly an emancipatory impact since they propose ways of relief to
marginalized people. Sometimes they even mark the beginning of social change. (...) Legal adjudication
breaks the cycle of misrecognition, and thus of subordination, and institutionalizes transformative
strategies to remedy their human condition to establish a life with dignity. Justiciability provides
standards to redistribute social goods such as non-discrimination, equality, access to rights and resources,
as well as minimum standards of legal protection. Justiciability therefore becomes a tool of
transformation and empowerment by altering structured inequalities in society and empowering social
relations. Justiciability balances socio-economic patterns by combating cultural, social, sexual and racial
discrimination.306

Adjudication would, therefore, have the following positive consequences to the very poor: (i)
gives visibility, (ii) gives voice, (iii) increases the accountability of duty bearers, (iv) protects
and provides remedies for alleged violations, (iv) develops means of compensation, (vi) creates
basis to policies and finally (vii) develops the legal framework.307
Access to justice at national and international level is, therefore, fundamental for tackling the
causes of poverty. The right to access to justice is not considered a constitutive right to poverty
in this thesis once it is not directly connected to a basic freedom, however, access to justice is
a key right to empower the poor. It gives the extreme poor the means to obtain redress for the
violations of the right to life, adequate standards of living, health and education. The right to
effective remedy is a crucial element to ensure the protection of human rights. However,
305

OAS.OEA/Ser.l/V/II.164. Doc.147, 2017, para. 204-205.
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 30-31.
307
Ibid. p. 31.
306

69

Catherine Silvério Guisso
difficulties to access justice affect poor people disproportionately. The lack of effective
remedies for violation in the rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty are still a
reality in many jurisdictions. Also, the inability of the extremely poor to pursue remedies
through the existing judicial system increase their vulnerability to poverty which further
hamper their ability to access the judicial systems. This vicious circle compromises the
enjoyment of several human rights. 308
Legal procedures can play a key role in facilitating poor people to have access to justice.
Standing rules have a considerable impact regarding the accessibility of legal complaints by
individuals and groups. At the domestic level, some systems support that different categories
of individuals and groups can claim a violation of a right, not only the person who suffer the
violation. In South Africa, for example, anyone can act in their own interest or on behalf of
those who cannot act in their own name. There is also the possibility to act as a member or in
the interest of a group. Additionally, anyone can act in the public interest and an association
can act in the interest of their members. 309 On those states, the work of NGO can be crucial to
promote the rights of the most vulnerable.
In the same way, some systems guarantee the possibilities to bring collective claims, where all
the victims can file a single claim together, on behalf of a large group or make a collective
complain where the claimant is not required to be victim but a representative of the public
interest.310 States’ restrictions on collective limitations represent an obstacle for bringing
justice to people who live in extreme poverty, especially to bring remedies for structural or
systemic abuses which affect a large number of people living under the same conditions. 311 The
collective nature of the constitutive rights in connection to poverty makes a decision regarding
them to have practical consequences beyond interest of parties involved in the legal proceeding.
In some jurisdictions, judgments establish precedent and can even propose measures to change
the current legislation or policies. That was the case of Azanca Alheli Meza Garcia, when the
Court required the implementation of legislation in order to give priority resources for people

308

General Assembly. Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty and Human Rights, 9 August 2012.
UN. Doc. A/67/278, para. 5 and 8.
309
Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, 1996, article 38.
310
Langford and Nolan, 2006, p. 18, includes Brazil, Argentina, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal
and Kenya.
311
General Assembly, Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty and Human Rights, 9 August 2012.
UN Doc. A/67/278, para. 81.

70

Catherine Silvério Guisso
with HIV-AIDS living in extreme poverty. 312 Collective litigation mechanisms can ensure that
rights would become meaningful for large groups and even for those who were not aware of
their violation. There are many cases in the last sections that exemplifies the importance of
collective claims, especially on those concerning indigenous communities which experiences
extreme poverty such as Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v. Paraguay and the Case of
the Xákmok Kásek Indigenous Community v. Paraguay. The findings of these cases had
brought remedies to the whole community.
However, in other systems, narrow standing rules are settled. Considering that people living in
extreme poverty often lack of resources and capacity to initiate judicial procedures by
themselves, narrow standing rules may represent an obstacle to poor people to bring claims. In
some domestic systems, for example in Switzerland, the Court can only establish individual
remedies to the direct victims acting in their own interest.313
In some areas, extremely poor people even lack legal identity. Formal registration is the first
barrier in accessing the justice system. It also jeopardizes the access to other public services
and the enjoyment of to political and civil rights.314 That feature can be exemplified with
previous mentioned Brazilian case, where the residents of a favela in Maceio could not access
the existing social benefits and medical programs because they lacked the necessary basic
documents for eligibility. 315
As explained by Sepúlveda Carmona, in a report given as former special rapporteur on extreme
poverty and human rights, people living in poverty are usually deprived of the opportunities to
acquire the necessary tools (social capital tools and basic legal knowledge) to engage in the
legal system. Extremely poor people are often unaware of the existence and content of their
legal rights and do not know how to formalize their demands or to seek the assistance they
need.316 In other words, people living in poverty are unaware that they have a right to adequate

312

EXP. N. ° 2945-2003-AA/TC.
IDLO, 2015, p. 29.
314
General Assembly, Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty and Human Rights, 9 August 2012.
UN. Doc. A/67/278, para. 33. i
315
Action No. 4.830/07, 2ᵃ Vara da Infância e Juventude de Maceió (District Court for Childhood and Youth),
2007.
316
General Assembly, Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty and Human rights, 9 August 2012.
UN. Doc. A/67/278, para. 25.
313

71

Catherine Silvério Guisso
housing, food, water, health and education and that they can claim redresses in courts if they
believe they are suffering from a violation of these rights.317
Additionally, fees and costs to legal assistance (when legal assistance exist), to obtain legal
documents, to copy them, to get witness and experts, phone calls, among others, are all
impediments that affect poor people disproportionately, making it difficult for them to access
justice. 318 The work of NGOs is also important in this context, since they can reduce financial
and personal burden of legal action for poor people. 319
The level of simplicity or complexity of formal requirement (for example: formal write and
legal representation) are also very important regarding access to justice. In order to facilitate
and speed access, many Latin American countries, such as Argentina and Brazil, adopted
protection procedures with simple formalities where any person may file a claim to prevent the
State to make an unlawful act that violates their rights. These protection procedures are usually
decided in a very short period of time. In Colombia, complaints can be filed without a lawyer.
In Costa Rica the procedure is so simple and straightforward that cases have been brought by
children who were challenging educational decisions of their schools. 320
Regarding these obstacles, which include social and cultural barriers and also institutional and
structural issues, domestic system have been acting in the protection of the human rights of
extremely vulnerable and marginalized groups by giving concrete remedies for the violation of
their human rights and even impacting and strengthening the legal framework to promote the
protection of the very poor. Litigation can, therefore, be pointed out as an important tool to
tackle extreme poverty. When domestic avenues fail to give effective remedies, international
protection mechanisms become important and they also have developed a jurisprudence
regarding the protection of the very poor.

317

UN Commission on Human Rights, Report on Human Rights and Extreme Poverty, 28 June 1996. UN Doc.
E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/13, para.101.
318
General Assembly, Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty and Human Rights, 9 August 2012.
UN. Doc. A/67/278, para. 51.
319
Ibid. para. 81-82.
320
IDLO, 2015, p.29 -30.

72

Catherine Silvério Guisso
5. Conclusions
Although extreme poverty has decreased during the last decades, tackling the issue is still an
urgent matter since there are 735 million people who are unable to meet their basic needs to
survive and still experience chronically undernutrition, famine, illiteracy and death from
poverty-related and preventable diseases. 321 Because of this, mitigation of extreme poverty is
one of the most important human interests.
Poverty is a multidimensional issue and many areas have to be involved in addressing this
phenomenon at all its levels. This thesis has focused on establishing how the human rights
framework can be a useful tool in this task.
Extreme poverty deprives people of their basic needs and places them in a situation of
vulnerability where they have no rights. It is undeniable that the efforts made by states to
comply with many human rights, such as the right to adequate standards of living, to education
and to health, constitute a progressive step in both recognition of human rights and in the
fighting of extreme poverty. In that sense, human rights are an integral component of the
poverty reduction strategies and the human rights framework provide tools for the poverty
eradication agenda in different ways.
It was argued that although many human rights are important to consider when addressing and
formulating policies to tackle poverty, only a few of them have constitutive relevance to
extreme poverty. Using the capability approach to define poverty, this thesis has established
the human rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty. These are: the right to life,
the right to adequate standard of living, including housing, food and water, the right to health
and the right to education. All of these rights are prescribed in international instruments as
economic and social rights, the only exception is the right to life, which is presented in the civil
and political set. It is through those rights that extreme poor people can resort to national,
regional or international courts seeking remedies to their situation.
The fulfilment of these recognized and binding human rights can be described as the basis of
conditions in which it is possible to live without poverty. The main advantage of building

321

Pogge, 2007, p. 11-13.

73

Catherine Silvério Guisso
strategies to poverty mitigation through the human rights framework is the notion that states’
obligations can be raised.322
Through the minimum core content, which establishes the obligations of states to ensure that a
minimum essential level of each of the rights is satisfied in their jurisdiction, it is possible to
establish extreme poverty as a human rights violation. In other words, once the deprivation of
a minimum essential level of rights are usually concentrated among the most poor, through the
minimum core approach it is possible to establish the state’s obligation to the most poor in a
direct way. The obligation toward the fulfilment of a minimum core does not fall within the
“progressive realizations” and has immediate effect.
Features of the content of the right to life, to adequate standards of living, to health and
education was explored in connection to poverty. Additionally, it was shown the applicability
of human rights norms by national and international courts and how courts have considered
poverty as an important factor when finding violations of human rights. It was concluded that
although there are obstacles, especially regarding the access of the most poor to the judicial
system, successful adjudications on the human rights field have brought remedies to the
extremely poor. Adjudication can, therefore, be considered an important tool to empower the
extremely poor.323 Adjudication gives visibility, voice, increases the accountability of duty
bearers, protects and provides remedies for alleged violation, develops means of compensation,
creates basis to policies and develops the poverty legal framework.324
The implementation of human rights is a responsibility of national states and when a state
ratifies regional and international human rights instruments they are required to ensure that the
individuals in their jurisdiction can benefit from the guarantees prescribed by these
instruments.325 International bodies have supervisory monitoring functions that contributes
towards the implementation and evolution of international human rights law. International
bodies clarify the content and obligations of states towards human rights and offers subsidiary
protection through individual complaints mechanisms. Using jurisprudence from Africa and

322

Economic and Social Council, Human rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43, para. 41-42.
323
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 37.
324
Formisano Prada, 2011, p. 31.
325
Boerefijn, 2012, p. 631.

74

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Latin America it was possible to demonstrate that states have been held accountable for human
rights’ violations of the extremely poor at international level.
It is possible to observe from the international jurisprudence that in the African system there
are important cases which recognized economic, social and cultural rights, including those that
have a constitutive relevance to poverty. However, the African Commission has not yet
established a clear connection between these violations and extreme poverty. Also, the relevant
decisions on this system was only found in the African Commission, the quasi-judicial body of
the system.
On the other hand, the Inter-American Court, the judicial body of the Inter- American system,
has been considering poverty as a cause and as a consequence of human rights’ violations,
including in connection to other civil and political rights. Inter-American Court only recently
started to recognize economic and social rights as enforceable per se, which represents a
progress in the justiciability of economic and social rights. Nevertheless, economic and social
rights have for long been considered as part of the evaluation of what would constitute the
minimum requirement for survival and for living a life in dignity and therefore indispensable
to determine a violation of the right to life.
This thesis showed that extremely poor people are a vulnerable group which are
disproportionally deprived of rights, including their minimum core. It presented the obligations
of the states towards the extremely poor people and highlighted the importance of access to
justice as a key tool to empower the poor. Altogether, it is possible to conclude that human
rights can offer a direction for states to formulate their policies in tackling poverty.
International protection systems have been clarifying the content and obligation of states
towards the human rights which have a constitutive relevance to poverty and regional systems
have also started to develop a poverty jurisprudence that can effectively bring remedies to the
very poor. Tackling poverty is a pressing human issue and can no longer be ignored. The world
has reached a stage of development in which extreme poverty can no longer be considered
beyond the reach of most of the countries. Policies focused on poverty reduction have not been

75

Catherine Silvério Guisso
adopted because states have failed to accept their obligations following from their recognition
of the human rights framework.326

326

Economic and Social Council, Human Rights and Extreme Poverty: Report of the Independent Expert Arjun
Sengupta, March 2006. UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43, para. 43.

76

Catherine Silvério Guisso

Bibliography
MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES
Ahmed, Akhter et al. The World’s Most Deprived: Characteristics and Causes of
Extreme Poverty and Hunger. International Food Policy Research Institute.
Washington, DC. October 2007.
Alvarez, José, E. International Organizations as Law-makers. Oxford University Press.
2015.
Angoua, Eliachie Larissa Eméline et al. “Barriers to Access Improved Water and
Sanitation in Poor Peri-urban Settlements of Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.” PloS one vol.
13,8 e0202928. 28 Aug. 2018, doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0202928.
Bilchitz, David. Giving Socio-Economic Rights Teeth: The Minimum Core and Its
Importance. 119 S. African L.J. 484. 2002.
Bilchitz, David. Towards a Reasonable Approach to the Minimum Core: Laying the
Foundations for Future Socio-Economic Rights Jurisprudence. 19 S. Afr. J. on Hum.
Rts. 1. 2003.
Boerefijn, Ineke. International Human Rights in National Law. In: Krause, Catarina;
Scheinin, Martin. International Protection of Human Rights: A Textbook, p. 631-656,
2012 (2nd, revised edition).
Carozza, Paolo G. Human Dignity. In: Dinah SHELTON (ed.), Oxford
Handbook of International Human Rights Law, Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2013,
Oxford handbooks, p.345-359.
Codes, Ana Luiza Machado. A Trajetória do Pensamento Científico Sobre Pobreza:
em Direção a uma Visão Complexa. Texto para Discussão IPEA n. 1332.2008.

I

Catherine Silvério Guisso
de Milliano, Marlous and Plavgo, Ilze. Analysing Child Poverty and Deprivation in
sub-Saharan Africa, Office of Research Working Paper: WP-2014-19, UNICEF Office
of Research, Florence. November 2014.
Doz Costa, Fernanda. Poverty and human rights: from rhetoric to legal obligations. In:
Sur, International Journal on Human Rights. Year 5. Number 9. São Paulo. December
2008. p. 80-107.
ECLAC-UNICEF. La pobreza infantil en América Latina y el Caribe. UNICEF.
CEPAL, Chile, December 2010.
Eide. Asbjorn. The right to an Adequate Standard of Living Including the Right to Food.
At: Economic, Social and Cultural Rights: A Textbook. Ed: Eide, Asbjorn; Krause,
Catarina and Rosas, Allan. Kluwer Law International. The Netherlands. 2001. pp.133148.
Formisano Prado, Maritza. Empowering the Poor Through Human Rights Litigation.
UNESCO. Paris, France. 2001.
Fredman, Sandra. Women and Poverty - A Human Rights Approach. In: 24 African
Journal of International and Comparative Law. Edinburgh University Press. 2006.
p.494-517.
IDLO. Realizing the Right to food: Legal Strategies and Approaches. IDLO. Ireland.
September 30, 2015.
Kuosmanen, Jaakko; Campbell, Meghan; Hilly, Laura. Introduction - Women and
Poverty: In: 24 African Journal of International and Comparative Law. Edinburgh
University Press. 2006. p.469-475.
Langford, Malcolm. The Justiciability of Social and Economic Rights: From Practice
to Theory. In Langford, Malcolm (eds). Social Rights Jurisprudence: Emerging Trends
in International and Comparative Law. Cambridge University Press.2008. p. 3-29.

II

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Langford, Malcolm; Nolan, Aoife. Litigating Economic, Social and Cultural Rights:
Legal Practitioners Dossier. ESC Rights Litigation Programme, Centre on Housing
Rights and Evictions (COHRE), 2006.
Mzikenge Chirwa, Danwood. African Regional Human Rights System. In Langford,
Malcolm. The Justiciability of Social and Economic Rights: From Practice to Theory.
In Langford, Malcolm (eds). Social Rights Jurisprudence: Emerging Trends in
International and Comparative Law. Cambridge University Press.2008.pp. 323-338.
Nifosi-Sutton, Ingrid. The Protection of Vulnerable Groups under International Human
Rights Law. Routledge research in human rights law. London; New York: Routledge
2007.
Novak, Manfred. The Right to Education. At: Krause, Catarina and Rosas, Allan.
Economic, social and cultural rights: A textbook. Kluwer Law International. The
Netherlands. 2001. pp.245-271.
Paraschiv, Mirela. Urban (In)security and Assessment of Eextreme Poverty: Residents’
Perception Referring to Homelessness in Bucharest. In: Procedia Environmental
Sciences. Volume 14, 2012, pp. 226-236.
Pogge, Thomas. Recognized and Violated by International law: the Human Rights of
the Global Poor. Leiden Journal of International Law 18(04). December, 2005.
Pogge, Thomas. Severe Poverty as a Human Rights Violation. In: Pogge, Thomas (ed.).
Freedom from poverty as a human right – Who owes what to the very poor? Oxford,
Oxford University Press, 2007. pp. 10-53.
Porter, Bruce, Justiciability of ESC Rights and the Right to Effective Remedies: Historic
Challenges and New Opportunities (paper presented at the Chinese Academy of
Sciences) Beijing, 21 March 2008.

III

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Quiroga, Cecilia Medina. The Inter-American System for the Protection of Human
Rights. In: Krause, Catarina; Scheinin, Martin. International Protection of Human
Rights: A Textbook, p. 519-549, 2012 (2nd, revised edition).
Riedel, Eibe. Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. In: Krause, Catarina; Scheinin,
Martin. International Protection of Human Rights: A Textbook, p. 131-152, 2012 (2nd,
revised edition).
Sachs, Jeffrey. The End of Poverty, Economic Possibilities for Our Time. New York,
The Penguin Press, 2005.
Scheinin, Martin. Characteristics of Human Rights Norms. In: Krause, Catarina;
Scheinin, Martin. International Protection of Human Rights: A Textbook, p. 19-37,
2012 (2nd, revised edition).
Scheinin, Martin. Core Rights and Obligations. In: Dinah SHELTON (ed.), Oxford
Handbook of International Human Rights Law, Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2013,
Oxford handbooks, pp. 527-540.
Scheinin, Martin. International Mechanisms and Procedures for Monitoring. In:
Dinah SHELTON (ed.), Oxford Handbook of International Human Rights Law,
Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2013, Oxford handbooks, pp. 657-677.
Schutter, Olivier de. Foreword. At: IDLO. Realizing the right to food: Legal
Strategies and approaches. IDLO. Ireland. September 30, 2015. pp.13-15.
Singh, Ajai R, and Singh, Shakuntala. Diseases of Poverty and Lifestyle, Well-being
and Human Development. Mens sana monographs vol. 6,1 (2008): 187-225.
doi:10.4103/0973-1229.40567.
UNDP. Human Development Report 1996. Oxford University Press. New York. 1996.
UNICEF. Poverty, Illiteracy and Early Deaths Await World’s Most Disadvantaged
Children. UNICEF, New York. 28 June 2016.
IV

Catherine Silvério Guisso

UNICEF. The State of the World's Children 2016 - A Fair Chance for Every Child. UN,
Jun 2016.
UNICEF and WHO. Progress on Household Drinking Water, Sanitation and Hygiene
2000-2017. Special Focus on Inequalities. UNICEF and WHO.New York. 2019.
WHO. The Global Water Supply and Sanitation Assessment 2000. WHO. Geneva.
2002.
Vizard, Polly Poverty and Human Rights, Sen’s Capability Perspective Explored.
Oxford University Press, 2006.
Von Schorlemer, Sabine. The United Nations. In: Klabbers, Jan; Wallendahl, Åsa (eds)
Research handbook on the law of international organizations. Edward Elgar, 2011.
Pp. 466-483.
WHO. The Global Water Supply and Sanitation Assessment 2000. WHO. Geneva.
2002.
Williams, Lucy. Towards an Emerging International Poverty Law. In Williams, Lucy.
International Poverty Law: an Emerging Discourse. Zed Books. USA. 2006. p. 01-13.
Young, Katharine G. The Minimum Core of Economic and Social Rights: A Concept in
Search of Content. The Yale Journal of International Law, vol. 33 (2008), pp. 113-125,
165-175.
TREATIES, STATUTES AND CONSTITUTIONS
1969

Organization of American States (OAS), American Convention on Human
Rights, "Pact of San Jose", Costa Rica, 22 November 1969.

1996

South Africa. Constitution of the Republic of South Africa, 10 December 1996.

V

Catherine Silvério Guisso
1979

UN General Assembly, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination against Women, 18 December 1979.

1989

UN General Assembly, Convention on the Rights of the Child, 20 November
1989, United Nations.

1966

UN General Assembly, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
16 December 1966, United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 999.

1966

UN General Assembly, International Covenant on Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights, 16 December 1966, United Nations.

20009 UN General Assembly, Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on
Economic,

Social and Cultural Rights: resolution / adopted by the General

Assembly, 5 March
1946

2009, A/RES/63/117.

United Nations, Statute of the International Court of Justice, 18 April 1946.

OTHER DOCUMENTS
1989

ACHPR, Information Sheet No 2: Guidelines for the Submission of
Communications, African Commission Secretariat, 1987.

2017

OAS. Report on Poverty and Human Rights in the Americas. 7 September 2017.
OEA/Ser.l/V/II.164. Doc.147.

1996

UN Commission on Human Rights. Report on Human Rights and Extreme
Poverty. 28 June 1996. UN Doc./CN.4/Sub.2/1996/13.

1990

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties' Obligations (Art. 2, Para. 1, of
the Covenant), 14 December 1990, E/1991/23.

VI

Catherine Silvério Guisso
1991

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 4: The Right to Adequate Housing (Art. 11 (1) of the Covenant),
13 December 1991, E/1992/23.

1997

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 7: The right to Adequate Housing (Art.11.1): forced evictions, 20
May 1997, E/1998/22.

1999

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 11: Plans of Action for Primary Education (Art. 14 of the
Covenant), 10 May 1999, E/1992/23.

1999

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment

No. 12: The Right to Adequate Food (Art. 11 of the Covenant),

12 May 1999. E/C.12/1999/5.
1999

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 13: The Right to Education (Art. 13 of the Covenant), 8 December
1999, E/C.12/1999/10.

2000 UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 14: The Right to the Highest Attainable Standard of Health (Art.
12 of the Covenant), 11 August 2000, E/C.12/2000/4.

2003

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 15: The Right to Water (Arts. 11 and 12 of the Covenant), 20
January 2003, E/C.12/2002/11.

2009

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General
Comment No. 19: The Right to Social Security (Art. 9 of the Covenant), 4
February 2008, E/C.12/GC/19.

VII

Catherine Silvério Guisso
2001

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR). Statement
Adopted by the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Right. 10 May
2001. UN Doc .E/C.12/2001/10.

2000

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR). Substantive
Issues Arising in the Implementation on the International Covenant on
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. 2 October 2000. Un Doc.
E/C.12/2000/13.

2006

UN Economic and Social Council. Human Rights and Extreme Poverty: Report
of the Independent Expert, Arjun Sengupta. United Nations. March 2006. UN
Doc. E/CN.4/2006/43.

1986

UN General Assembly, Declaration on the Right to Development. Resolution
Adopted by the General Assembly. 4 December 1986, A/RES/41/128.

2019

UN General Assembly. Human Rights and Extreme Poverty. Resolution
adopted by the General Assembly on17 December 2018. 15 January 2019, UN
doc. A/RES/73/163.

2005 UN General Assembly. In Larger Freedom: Towards Development, Security
and Human Rights for All. Report of the Secretary-General, Annex, Plan of
Action Submitted by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(May 2005) UN doc. A/59/2005/Add.3.
2001

UN General Assembly. Preliminary Report of the Special Rapporteur of the
Commission on Human Rights on the Right to Food, Jean Ziegler UN. Doc.
A/56/210. 23 July 2001.

2012

UN General Assembly. Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme Poverty
and Human Rights. Report of the Special Rapporteur on Extreme poverty and
Human Rights. 9 August 2012. UN Doc. A/67/278.

VIII

Catherine Silvério Guisso
2001

UN General Assembly. The Right to Food. Preliminary Report of the Special
Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the Right to Food, Jean
Ziegler. 23 July 2001. UN Doc. A/56/210.

1948

UN General Assembly, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December
1948, 217 A (III).

2018

UN Human Right Committee. General comment No. 36 (2018) on Article 6 of
the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on the right to life.30
October 2018. CCPR/C/GC/36.

2012

UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), Draft
Guidelines: A Human Rights Approach to Poverty Reduction Strategies, 10
September 2002.

2004

UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR). Human
Rights and Poverty Reduction: A Conceptual Framework. Office of the
United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. UN. Geneva,
Switzerland.

2005

2004.

UN Office High Commissioner for Human. In Larger Freedom: Towards
Development, Security and Human Rights for All. Report of the SecretaryGeneral, Annex, Plan of Action

Submitted by the United Nations High

Commissioner for Human Rights .May 2005. UN doc. A/59/2005/Add.3.

INTERNET SOURCES
African Union. List of Countries Which Have Signed Ratified/Acceded to the Protocol
on the Statute of the African Court of Justice and Human Rights. African Union. 2019.
Available

at

https://au.int/sites/default/files/treaties/36396-sl-

protocol_on_the_statute_of_the_african_court_of_justice_and_human_rights.pdf.
Accessed in March 2019.

IX

Catherine Silvério Guisso
BBC News. Mary Robinson, UN Human Rights chief. BBC. 21 November, 2002,
Available at http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/.low/talking_point/forum/1673034.stm. Accessed
in March 2019.
Chamie, Joseph. As cities Grow, So Do the Number of the Homeless. Yale Global
Online.

Yale

University.

July

13,

2017.

Available

at

https://yaleglobal.yale.edu/content/cities-grow-so-do-numbers-homeless. Accessed in
29/01/2019.
IACHR. B-32: American Convention on Human Rights “Pact of San Jose, Costa Rica”.
Available

at

http://www.cidh.org/Basicos/English/Basic4.Amer.Conv.Ratif.htm.

Accessed in 29/10/2019.
OHCHR. Ratification of 18 International Human Rights Treaties. UN. 2019. Available
at http://indicators.ohchr.org/. Accessed in 20/05/2019.
World

Bank

(a).

Poverty

and

Equity

Data

Portal.

Available

at

http://povertydata.worldbank.org/Poverty/Home. Accessed in 29/01/2019.
World

Bank

(b).

Overview.

Available

at:

https://www.worldbank.org/en/topic/poverty/overview. Accessed in 29/01/2019.
World Food Programme. 2019 - Hunger Map. World Food Programme. 01 August
2019.available

at

https://www.wfp.org/publications/2019-hunger-

map?_ga=2.254566344.1536566393.1565344808-1515585449.1565344808.
Accessed in 05/08/2019.
Case Law
National
Argentina
2007

Defensor del Pueblo Estado Nacional y otra (Provincia del Chaco) (Supreme
Court) 18/9/2007.
X

Catherine Silvério Guisso

2002

Quevedo, Miguel Ángel y Otros c/ Aguas Cordobesas SA. Juez Sustituta de
Primera Instancia Civil y Comercial (Ciudad de Córdoba) (08/04/2002).

Brazil
2007

Action No. 4.830/07, 2ᵃ Vara da Infância e Juventude de Maceió (District
Court for Childhood and Youth).

Colombia
2003

Colombian Constitutional Court Ruling T-602 of 2003, Ana Zárate de Bernal
c. Red de Solidaridad Social y INURBE.

India
1981

Francis Coralie Mullin v Administrator, Union Territory of Delhi (1981) 2
SCR.

1989

Kishen Pattnayak & another v. State of Orissa 1989 AIR 677, 1989 SCR
(1) 57.

2001

People's Union for Civil Liberties v. Union of India & Ors, In the Supreme
Court of India, Civil Original Jurisdiction, Writ Petition (Civil) No.196 of 2001.

2010

Premlata w/o Ram Sagar & Ors. v. Govt. of NCT Delhi, W.P.C. 7687 of
2010.

Kenya
2011

Ibrahim Sangor Osman v Minister of State for Provincial Administration &
Internal Security (2011) eKLR Constitutional Petition No 2 of 2011.

Peru
XI

Catherine Silvério Guisso

2003

Azanca Alhelí Meza García, EXP. N. ° 2945-2003-AA/TC. Tribunal Constitucional
(20/04/2004)

South Africa
2000

Government of the Republic of South Africa and Others v Grootboom and
Others (CCT11/00) [2000] ZACC 19; 2001 (1) SA 46; 2000 (11) BCLR 1169
(4 October 2000).

2005

Jaftha v. Schoeman; Van Rooyen v. Stoltz 2005 (2) SA 140 (CC).

1997

Soobramoney v Minister of Health (Kwazulu-Natal) (CCT32/97) [1997] ZACC
17; 1998 (1) SA 765 (CC); 1997 (12) BCLR 1696 (27 November 1997).

2002

“Tac case” Minister of Health and Others v Treatment Action Campaign and
Others (No 2) (CCT8/02) [2002] ZACC 15; 2002 (5) SA 721; 2002 (10)
BCLR 1033 (5 July 2002).

Regional
African system
2003

Centre for Minority Rights Development (Kenya) and Minority Rights Group
International on behalf of Endorois Welfare Council v Kenya 276 / 2003.

2005

Centre on Housing Rights and Evictions (COHRE) v. Sudan, Communication
296/2005.

2001

Purohit and Moore v. The Gambia. Communication No. 241/2001, Sixteenth
Activity report 2002-2003.

1996

Social and Economic Rights Action Center & the Center for Economic and
Social Rights v. Nigeria (Communication No. 155/96).(1996).

XII

Catherine Silvério Guisso
Inter-America system
2015

Case of Gonzales Lluy et al. v. Ecuador, Series C No. 298 XIII. (01/09/2015).

2006

Case of Servellón García et al. v. Honduras, Series C No. 152, para. 116.
(21/09/2006).

1999

Case of the “Street Children” (Villagrán Morales et. al.) v. Guatemala. Series
C No. 63. (19/11/1999).

2016

Case of the Hacienda Brazil Verde Workers v. Brazil. Series C No. 318,
(20/10/2016).

2006

Case of the Sawhoyamaxa Indigenous Community v. Paraguay (29/03/ 2006).

2010

Case of the Xákmok Kásek Indigenous Community v. Paraguay. Series C No.
214. (24/08/2010).

2012

Case of Uzcátegui et al. v. Venezuela. Series C No. 249. (03/09/2012).

2018

Cuscul Pivaral and Others vs. Guatemala (23/08/2018).

2005

Indigenous Community Yakye Axa v. Paraguay. Series C N. 125 (17/07/2005).

1997

Loayza Tamayo v. Peru, Judgment of September 17, 1997, (Ser.C) No.33.

2018

Poblete Vilches and others v. Chile Case 12.695 (08/03/2018).

XIII

