Oliver Saal

Legitimating Academic Practice
Mapping the Diversity of Epistemic Logics in Finnish University Disciplines

Oliver Saal, 40282
Master’s Thesis in Sociology
Supervisor: Mika Helander
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
2020

Oliver Saal
ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES,
BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for master’s thesis
Subject: Sociology
Author: Oliver Saal
Title of work: Legitimating Academic Practice: Mapping the Diversity of
Epistemic Logics in Finnish University Disciplines
Supervisor: Mika Helander
Abstract:
In the 2010s, the idea of the ‘post-truth’ society and the weakening of traditional
knowledge institutions have become more commonplace. This discourse assumes
a unified institutional academic science. In this thesis, I question whether the
academic institution, in the Finnish context, is as unified as this discourse assumes.
Using an online survey study, I apply Legitimation Code Theory as a perspective
to take apart and analyse claims of knowledge legitimation among Finnish
university students (n = 559). I thus analyse whether there are differences in
Specialization codes between academic disciplines and whether these potential
differences are caused by internal or external mechanisms such as social and
educational background or university socialization.
The results suggest that academic disciplines differ considerably in their
underlying epistemic logics. While there are homologous disciplinary clusters on
the highest level of analysis, applying an extension of the 4-K model from LCT
causes these homologies to break down. The disciplines seem to tend towards
extreme modes of knowledge legitimation. Simultaneously, however, differences
between disciplines are found in epistemological details. This suggests that Finnish
academia shares a common ontological base but differs in each discipline’s
epistemological logic. The results further showed that students’ time at university
is not a significant predictor of change in epistemic logics, contradicting prior
research. However, this contradiction is uncertain due to bias and potential
sampling error. Parental educational level predicts a significant change in
legitimation codes, but this effect only holds for students with one or more
doctoral-level parents and is not attributable to single legitimation code
dimensions, suggesting an emergent property. Minority group membership is not a
significant predictor of code difference, but this result may be due to model bias.
The relevance of the extended 4-K model seems to depend on the purpose of
classification, and further qualitative research is necessary to establish the details
of the academic socialization process.
Keywords: Legitimation Code Theory, university socialization, academic
disciplines, epistemic logic, internal and external explanations, code homology
Date: 28.2.2020
Pages: 158

Oliver Saal

Table of Contents
1. Introduction .............................................................................................................. 1
2. Previous Research .................................................................................................... 5
2.1. The Science Barometer 2019 ............................................................................ 5
2.2. Ideology and Institutionalisation ....................................................................... 8
3. The Logic of Practice ............................................................................................. 10
3.1. The Problems of the Objectivist/Subjectivist Dichotomy............................... 10
3.2. The Habitus ..................................................................................................... 12
3.3. Fields and Capital ............................................................................................ 17
4. Legitimation Code Theory ..................................................................................... 22
4.1. Social Realism, Legitimation Devices, and the Arena of Struggle ................. 22
4.2. Code Taxonomy .............................................................................................. 25
4.3. Specialization Codes ....................................................................................... 27
4.4. The 4-K Model ................................................................................................ 30
4.5. The Extended 4-K Model ................................................................................ 34
5. The Structure of the University Field .................................................................... 40
6. Research Questions and Hypotheses ...................................................................... 47
7. Methods and Materials ........................................................................................... 50
7.1. Operationalisations .......................................................................................... 50
7.2. Survey Pre-Test: Methods and Results ........................................................... 53
7.3. Data Collection and Survey Process ............................................................... 55
7.4. Post-Collection Data Processing ..................................................................... 57
7.5. Sample Description ......................................................................................... 57
8. Analysis .................................................................................................................. 61
8.1. The Problems of Subject Classification .......................................................... 61
8.2. The Epistemic Logics of Scientific Disciplines .............................................. 69
8.2.1. Field Logics and Ideal Habitus ................................................................ 70
8.2.2. Extending the 4-K Model: The Field of Production ................................ 79
8.2.3. Extending the 4-K Model: The Field of Reproduction ............................ 85
8.2.4. Summary: A Field of Differences, but Minute Such ............................... 88
8.3. Internal and External Legitimating Forces ...................................................... 90
8.3.1. Temporality in University Socialization .................................................. 90
8.3.2. Aging or Disciplinary Differences? Controlling Temporality for
Disciplinary Membership ................................................................................... 94
8.3.3. External Effects: Social Background ....................................................... 97
8.3.4. Parental Educational Level ...................................................................... 98
8.3.5. Minority Group Membership ................................................................. 101
9. Results and Discussion......................................................................................... 104
9.1. Summarising the Results: Many Sciences, Many Logics ............................. 104
9.2. Interpreting the Results: A Diverging Taxonomy with Unclear Causality ... 107
9.3. Meta-Theoretical Results: The Ups and Downs of Numbers ....................... 109
Swedish Summary – Svensk sammanfattning ......................................................... 112
Sources ..................................................................................................................... 116
Appendix 1. Final survey ......................................................................................... 122
Appendix 2. Survey pre-test interview scheme ....................................................... 128
Appendix 3. Subject code distance matrix ............................................................... 130
Appendix 4. Researcher code distance matrix ......................................................... 131
Appendix 5. Disciplinary legitimation code summary ............................................ 132

Oliver Saal

List of Tables
7.1. Social characteristics of sample
8.1. Student self-reported classifications, absolute and relative counts
8.2. Analyses of variance for each 4-K dimension, by classification system
8.3. Subject and Researcher arena legitimation codes by discipline
8.4. T-tests of Subject-Researcher code homologies
8.5. Subject and Researcher arena insights and gazes by discipline
8.6. Product arena legitimation codes by discipline
8.7. Grading arena legitimation codes by discipline
8.8. Specialization codes, insights, and gazes of freshmen and non-freshmen,
by arena of practice
8.9. Social minority groups in survey
8.10. MANOVA of parental educational level on Specialization dimensions
across four arenas of practice
8.11. MANOVA of minority group membership on Specialization dimensions
across four arenas of practice
8.12. MANOVAs of minority group membership on 4-K dimensions, by
arena of practice

59
64
68
70
75
76
80
85
91
98
99
101
103

List of Figures
4.1. The Specialization plane (Maton, 2014: 30)
4.2. The Extended 4-K Model
5.1. The structure of the university field as exemplified by two subject areas
8.1. ISCED classification Specialization plane
8.2. FOS classification Specialization plane
8.3. Self-reported classification Specialization plane
8.4. Subject Specialization mean difference scores
8.5. Researcher Specialization mean difference scores
8.6. PR and ONR, by Product code homologies
8.7. SNR and ExR, by Product code homologies
8.8. PR and ONR, by Grading code homologies
8.9. SNR and ExR, by Grading code homologies
8.10. Specialization code strengths of freshmen and non-freshmen, by arena of
practice
8.11. Specialization code strengths by parental post-gradual education
8.12. Specialization code strengths by minority group membership

28
36
44
66
66
66
71
71
82
83
87
87
92
100
102

Oliver Saal

Foreword
Writing a thesis is a massive ordeal. Writing it on the topics of scientific epistemology
and the sociology of knowledge certainly does not make it any easier. This text has
undergone massive changes: at the beginning of 2019, I found LCT while looking for
theoretical perspectives for another research paper I was working on. What started out
as an ambitious project – to understand why people argue about truth – slowly
coalesced into what the thesis finally became – a ‘short’ glimpse into epistemic logic.
This coalescence certainly did not happen by my accord only.
First and foremost, I want to thank Dr Mika Helander for supervising the thesis and
going above and beyond what I would have expected in terms of feedback and support.
His comments have pushed me to crystallize as many of my arguments as possible – a
feat which, considering the reference material, I can only hope to have accomplished.
I also wish to thank the thesis seminar attendees at the sociological unit, whose
comments and questions have further helped me to refine the arguments of the thesis
and (hopefully) make its text less obtuse.
My gratitude also extends to my friends at the university and abroad. Despite my
ramblings about epistemology having, I presume, at many times been dry and
uninteresting, I would not have written such a thesis were it not for the insightful
comments and suggestions. Sociology needs to be done socially, not alone.
Finally, thank you to my parents, with whom I have had many long phone calls and
nights of discussion. Their support throughout my education and its ups and downs
has been invaluable.
This thesis is dedicated to my father.
Åbo, February 2020
Oliver Saal

Oliver Saal

1. Introduction
“The universities have been infiltrated by agitators manipulating the
system for their own political purposes and for producing propaganda.
They are trying to camouflage their propaganda as science and strive
for general authority.
How should one relate to fake researchers?” (@VilleTavio, 2020.
Author’s translation.)
So describes MP Ville Tavio of the Finns Party the state of Finnish academia in 2020
in a tweet. A few days later, Helsingin Sanomat published an article detailing how
members of the Finns Party have criticised the decision by the Academy of Finland 1
to finance a research project on Finnish involvement in the Holocaust by docent Oula
Silvennoinen (Hartikainen, 2020). MP Sheikki Laakso of the Finns Party called the
research project “drivel and berating Finns Party members” and a “sick waste of
money.” (ibid., author’s translations) The academic community responded with
support for Silvennoinen (Hartikainen, 2020), and attempted to explicate on social
media how research financing by the Academy of Finland is settled (e.g.
@LeenaMalkki, 2020; @SuomenAkatemia, 2020).
This phenomenon is not new. In 2015, Prime Minister Juha Sipilä commented on “all
manners of docents” in the news talk show A-Studio by Yle, which was interpreted by
both academics and politicians as expressing disdain for the authority of the academic
community (Tamminen, 2015). A year later, in 2016, the Oxford English Dictionary
listed ‘post-truth’ as the Word of the Year, defining it as “relating to or denoting
circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion
than appeals to emotion and personal belief.” (OxfordLanguages, 2016) Fastforwarding to 2019, The Guardian published an article by William Davies, arguing
that “the news and information we receive is biased” and that the social media bubble
“ends in a Trumpian refusal to accept any mainstream or official account of the world.”
(Davies, 2019)
At first glance, these short examples suggest that we live in a ‘post-truth’ world, with
increasing criticism towards the institutions of knowledge production like academia.
1

A major research financing body.

1

Oliver Saal
Arguments such as MP Tavio’s seem to divide knowledge into real, science-based
knowledge and fake political propaganda. This argument suggests that there is real
science and there is propaganda, and that we need to distinguish between the two as
well as protect the former from a perversion into the latter.
However, does this dichotomy reflect reality? Is science truly monolithic and free from
politics? Can we define a ‘true science’, and what would that definition look like?
What is ‘truth’, and is there one truth or many? These questions belong to the
philosophical areas of epistemology and ontology. The former asks how we may
gather knowledge about reality, and the latter concerns the existence and definition of
reality itself.
In this thesis, I will not attempt to answer the question of ontology – a topic contested
throughout the centuries. Instead, I am interested in seeing how the question of truth
relates to the institutions furthering the scientific quest for truth – the universities. This
thesis thus asks which ways of knowing academia uses to produce knowledge about
the world. How do, for instance, choices of methodology, objects of study, types of
researcher or institutional affiliations – collectively defined as aspects of epistemic
logics – affect the practices of knowledge production? Is scientific knowledge always
‘made’ in the same manner and following the same reasoning?
I will be considering this question from a field-theoretical standpoint. I thus focus on
singular agents in given contexts, instead of attempting a structural or social-law
explanation of scientific practices. This choice of theory entails that I view academia
as composed of agents and practices with different values, practical considerations,
and historical contexts. In other words, academia is composed of knowledge fields
roughly corresponding to academic disciplines, which may or may not follow different
epistemologies. Particularly, I will be looking at students at Finnish universities: how
do they perceive the epistemic logics of their disciplines? In their experience, what
kind of student or researcher is expected by the discipline? How do they recognize
which knowledge products belong to their discipline and which do not? Finally, how
do they experience that they are being graded – on content, personality, particularities
of their knowledge products, or something completely different? These four topics of

2

Oliver Saal
research are collectively defined as arenas of practice: in order, the Subject,2
Researcher, Product, and Grading arenas.
The combination of student practices, pedagogical considerations, and the overarching
question of knowledge legitimation places this thesis in the intersections of the
sociologies of knowledge and education, along with an underlying tone drawn from
science and technology studies. In chapter 2, I present the results of a 2019 study on
Finnish opinions of science and academia. I follow these results with a short discussion
of relevant theories from the sociology of knowledge, namely the concepts of ideology
and institutionalisation.
As I will argue later, neither a structuralist nor an individualist explanation is on its
own enough to capture the full complexity of knowledge legitimation. Chapter 3
presents a field-theoretical approach; using what sociologist Pierre Bourdieu terms
dialectical knowledge. The strength of field theory in knowledge research lies
primarily in its potential to see multiple practices and logics as coexisting within the
individual (or the social context), which is why it is particularly apt for analysing how
the university field might differ between disciplines.
However, I argue that field theory by itself does not possess a full toolkit for
understanding knowledge practices. Instead, chapter 4 presents an extension of field
theory, combined with sociologist Basil Bernstein’s code theory, called Legitimation
Code Theory, or LCT. This framework allows me to see the particularities of
knowledge practices as well as analyse the underlying epistemic logics of each
academic discipline. Even then, I will argue that the current LCT framework lacks
some analytical tools for understanding academic knowledge production, which is why
I propose an extension of the framework in the final sub-chapter of this topic.
With the tools and perspectives at hand, I then proceed to lay down the theoretical
shape and dynamics of the university field in chapter 5. What are the internal relations
between educators, students, and decision-makers, and how do these relate to the
academic disciplinary field itself? Who gets to define the current epistemic logic, and

2

When referring to these arenas of practice, I will be using capital letters.

3

Oliver Saal
who is left out of this epistemological process? Furthermore, how do academic
disciplines relate to one another: what is the relation between agents in different
disciplines, or between the disciplines themselves?
Chapter 6 uses these theoretical developments to define the research questions and
hypotheses for this thesis. Roughly speaking, the research questions of this thesis can
be divided into three main questions. Firstly, is LCT an adequate framework for
understanding and separating knowledge practices? Secondly, what are the
legitimation codes of each academic discipline, and are there differences between
disciplines? Finally, if there are differences, what is causing them? I discuss the
potential problems of analytical categorisation as well as relations between
explanatory models in the sociology of education.
The empirical study of this thesis is conducted as a quantitative survey analysis.
Chapter 7 describes the theoretical operationalisations of the study. I also describe the
methods and results of a survey pre-test, the collection and post-processing process,
and end the chapter with a description of the social characteristics of the retained
sample of Finnish university students (n = 559).
The results of the statistical analysis are described in chapter 8. The chapter is divided
into three main parts: establishing a classification system or taxonomy of academic
disciplines for the research problem at hand, describing the differences and similarities
between disciplines in Finland, and attempting a provisional analysis of internal and
external knowledge-legitimating forces. This division follows the three research
questions presented above and in chapter 6.
As LCT is at the time of writing a young theoretical perspective,3 and especially as
there have not been many quantitative applications of the theory, I will be discussing
the particularities of conducting such an analysis in chapter 9. This discussion chapter
also condenses the results of this thesis and discusses their relevance in the wider
perspective of knowledge legitimation and epistemic logics. The main attempt in this
thesis is to understand homologies (that is, similarities) of epistemic logics, and
3

Whilst determining a starting point for any intellectual tradition may be difficult, one could point to
Karl Maton’s doctoral dissertation in 2004 as a major turning point of the theory.

4

Oliver Saal
especially the lack of such. This final chapter will argue that the notion of a monolithic
science seems more a myth than empirical reality, but that the scientific field is
nonetheless based on a common philosophical structure.

2. Previous Research
This chapter presents a few theories relevant to the topic at hand. As the sociology of
knowledge is a complex and wide research tradition, I have chosen to only present two
key ideas for understanding the field-theoretical perspective as a response to earlier
research. Specifically, this chapter presents Mannheim’s (1936) conception of the
particular and total forms of ideology, and Berger and Luckmann’s (1966) analysis of
how social institutions arise. I start, however, with a general overview of how science
is valued in Finnish society. Are arguments such as MP Tavio’s commonplace? How
do Finns, and especially students, opine about science and academia?

2.1. The Science Barometer 2019
In order to establish how scientific ideals and knowledge legitimations present
themselves at the university, it is first appropriate to establish university students’
perceptions of science and scientific endeavours: how do Finnish students relate to
science and academia? How do their opinions about science compare to the wider
national population? Are students attuned to a scientific ideal – if one even exists?
Perhaps one of the widest and most comprehensive studies into scientific opinions in
Finland is the Science Barometer, a survey study conducted every three years on how
Finns opine about science as a social institution (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019). The
barometer is conducted as a random sample of mainland residents aged 18-70 years. It
attempts to generalise its findings through weighing and controlling social,
demographical, and regional characteristics of its respondents. Generally, the survey
has followed the same form since its inception, with certain contemporary topics added

5

Oliver Saal
or removed as the authors have seen necessary, thus allowing for comparisons of the
development of scientific opinion over time (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019).
What opinions do Finns have about science? Overall, Finns are interested in science.
70 % of respondents are either very or somewhat interested in science, research, and
technology. This level of interest is surpassed only by general social topics and
environment and nature (both 74 %). The authors note that the result for science is not
specific for Finland but a general global trend (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019: 5-6). The
high scientific interest has also continued its marginal upwards trend, with a steady but
slow increase from 2001 (62 %), except for a slight decrease in interest in 2010 (57 %)
(Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019: 8).
However, this thesis focuses on university students specifically. Interest among
students sits at 69 %, middle of the road as compared to the lows of retirees (61 %)
and the highs of the managerial class and civil servants (85 %). Length of education
seems to positively increase scientific interest, with academics showing the highest
numbers at 86 % compared to 54 % among those without academic or vocational
degrees. Among the educated, those educated in natural sciences and the humanities
present the highest levels of interest (84 % and 78 %, respectively; Tieteen tiedotus
ry., 2019: 10).
Diving deeper into scientific opinion, the report shows that scientific interest varies
depending on the specific topic or institution in question (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019:
14-16). The report asked respondents to report their interest for several scientific topics
on a 5-point scale, from ‘very interested’ to ‘not at all interested’. Scientific
developments, including new research and inventions, scored the highest, with 74 %
of respondents very or somewhat interested. Science policy topics such as financing
and educational politics scored the lowest, at only 35 % interest. Scientific interest has
risen slightly, but the order of interesting topics seems to have stayed remarkably stable
over the 18 years of surveying (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019: 14-15). Highly educated
people are comparatively more interested in ICT and genetics. As perhaps expected,
historical and cultural research interests those educated in the humanities the most
(Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019: 16). In other words, students as a group do not stand out in
this analysis.
6

Oliver Saal

Whilst interest may have some relation to students’ inclination towards scientific work,
trust in science is another important topic.4 This trust is high for the total population,
and students are among the most trusting of socioeconomic groups (Tieteen tiedotus
ry., 39). Of the total population, 78 % report very high or high trust in universities and
colleges, with trust in the general scientific community following closely behind at 69
%. Comparatively, trust in the police is the highest of all measured institutions at 83
%, the media gets a modest 45 % trust, and political parties score the lowest at only 13
% (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019: 39). Institutions related to science5 have seen an increase
in trust from 2016, except for Business Finland with a decrease of -0.2 mean scores.
Trust in the general scientific community is positively related to educational level, with
academics showing the highest levels of trust at 88 % compared to people with no
academic or vocational education (50 %). Here, students show the second highest
levels of trust at 74 %, topped only by the managerial class and civil servants (82 %),
and far from the lowest levels of trust (61 %, among employees; Tieteen tiedotus ry.,
2019: 48-49).
Considering that level of education seems to positively correlate to both interest and
trust in science, but that students often poll middle-of-the-road, questions of causality
arise. Generally, one would assume that an academic education instils a preference for,
or an inclination towards, scientific endeavours. Students seem therefore to be in the
middle of the process through which they learn to appreciate the scientific process –
academic socialization. It is, however, misleading to directly assume that this process
of socialization is linear, comparatively effective across all social groups, or similar
across academic disciplines. It is important to empirically investigate whether
students’ socialised values and epistemological norms vary depending on their
academic disciplines. The Science Barometer does not investigate this pathway, but it
is nonetheless important: what are those values that are being instilled in students?
What are the students’ definitions of ‘science’? Do these definitions compare across
scientific disciplines, or are there differences to be found?

4

A student with high trust in science might be expected to more readily conform to the
epistemological requirements of science compared to a person with low trust.
5
Universities and colleges, the general scientific community, and the major scientific financing
institutions Academy of Finland and VTT.

7

Oliver Saal
2.2. Ideology and Institutionalisation
The history of the sociology of knowledge is very diverse, complex, and multifaceted.
However, in order to understand scientific practice and how it might differ between
academic disciplines, two major sociological concepts may be applied: ideology as
presented by Karl Mannheim (1936) and institutionalisation by Peter Berger and
Thomas Luckmann (1966).
Mannheim (1936: 49-50) argues that there are two fundamental types of ideology,
meaning systems of ideas: the particular and the total conception. Particular ideology
is enacted when people argue that their opponents’ ideas are “more or less conscious
disguises of the real nature of a situation.” (Mannheim, 1936: 49) This is perhaps the
ordinary understanding of ‘ideology’, a deliberate perversion of the truth. It also seems
to be in opposition to scientific endeavours: what is science, if not the attempt to
understand “the real nature of a situation”?
However, total ideology is for Mannheim something much more general: “the total
conception [of ideology] calls into question the opponent’s total Weltanschaaung.”6
(Mannheim, 1936: 50) In other words, calling an argument total ideology is
questioning the very base of its claims to reality. It is not just a conscious lie; the
opponent’s entire picture of reality is wrong. Furthermore, if I were to argue this whilst
believing that my own picture of reality is correct, I would be enacting the special form
of total ideology (Mannheim, 1936: 68-89).
This special form of total ideology may be contrasted with a more radical form of
scepticism: the general form of total ideology, “used by the analyst when he [sic] has
the courage to subject […] all points of view, including his own, to the ideological
analysis.” (Mannheim, 1936: 50) This is the perspective I attempt to embody in this
thesis. It is perhaps not that there are sections of academia that have their own disparate
definitions of reality. It is more likely that all of academia is differentiated into

6

Often translated into English as ’worldview’.

8

Oliver Saal
ideologies.7 Thus, the university field is perhaps most appropriately seen as one type
of total ideology among many.
How, then, has this total ideology come about? For this, one can take to Berger and
Luckmann’s (1966) analysis of institutionalisation, the process that creates social
institutions.
According to Berger and Luckmann (1966: 66-84), social institutions are patterns of
action that arise over time. Groups of actors give each other labour roles in relation to
given projects, such as maintaining city infrastructure, the division of labour at home,
educating new actors, and so on. However, when new actors arrive, they must be
educated in these labour roles – roles of which they do not have first-hand experience.
Thus, human action must be externalised and objectified as a social structure, which
is then taught to newcomers. These patterns of action must then be legitimated to the
newcomers – ‘here is why we do what we do’ – and internalised by these new actors
as models of reality (Berger & Luckmann, 1966: 70-77).
This process of institutionalisation is readily visible if one considers new students at
the university. While they arrive with different intellectual baggage, and thus different
models of reality, no freshman is fully acquainted with the academic patterns of
action.8 These students must be socialized into the objectified labour roles of
academia; they must internalise the rules of the institution. Simply put, they must learn
what science is and how it works.
However, there is a deeper question to be had here. Is there a pattern of action to
follow? Is there such a thing as ‘science’ as one entity? The following chapter moves
into field theory and would instead suggest that there are many sciences, following
their own logics and rules.

7

It is very important to keep in mind that there ought to be no negative connotations to the word as
used here. An ideology is simply a worldview, a system of “ideas and representations” (Mannheim,
1936: 49) – regardless of how ontologically accurate it is. An ideology is not automatically ‘false’,
and ‘true’ statements are not automatically non-ideological.
8
Students coming from highly educated families might, of course, be more acquainted to science than
others. In fact, as will become clear in chapter 8.3.2, this might empirically be the case.

9

Oliver Saal

3. The Logic of Practice
3.1. The Problems of the Objectivist/Subjectivist Dichotomy
There exists a fundamental question in scientific research: how do we translate our
findings of the world into a system of knowledge? In other words, what is the
“difference between practical knowledge and scholarly knowledge”? (Bourdieu, 1988:
1) Whilst there have been multiple answers to this question, Bourdieu problematizes
this connection between what exists and what is known in Homo Academicus (1988).
The main problem with sociological knowledge, he argues, is that it confuses
“constructed individuals (whether a person or an institution), which exist only in the
network of relations elaborated by scientific study, with empirical individuals directly
accessible to ordinary intuition.” (Bourdieu, 1988: 3. Original emphasis). The things
we, as sociologists, define in our studies are not the same as the things observed by the
everyday person. Sociology creates its object of study by defining its essence – what
is a society? – while practical knowledge merely labels and signifies any given object.
Practical knowledge is recognizing a chair when I see one; scholarly knowledge is
being able to define all the properties of a chair without referring to a real-world object.
This dichotomy becomes a problem when sociology attempts to create taxonomies of
reality:
“Indeed, it is because it does not clearly operate the break between
these two discourses that in this domain, as elsewhere, sociology so
often tends to offer semi-scholarly taxonomies, which it calls
‘typologies’, mingling indigenous labels, often closer to the stigma or
the insult than the concept, with ‘scholarly’ notions, constructed on the
basis of a more or less informed analysis. [---] If these typologies,
unfortunately very common and perfectly representative of what often
passes for sociology, warrant our interest, it is because, through
retranslating things into a language of scholarly appearance, they can
lead people – and not only their authors – to believe that they are
providing access to a superior level of knowledge and reality, whereas
ultimately they are telling us less than we would learn from a direct
description by a good inside informer.” (Bourdieu, 1988: 12-13)

10

Oliver Saal
To put it more simply, by confusing ordinary knowledge with scholarly knowledge,
we can lead people to believe we know something to be true, even though our labels
and taxonomies are barely better (and sometimes even worse) at describing reality than
those used by the individuals themselves. The sociologist’s ‘objectivist’ construction
is a break from the intuitive, ‘subjectivist’ understanding of the world, and confusing
the two leads to what Bhaskar (1993) terms the epistemic fallacy: confusing the world
itself with our systemic understanding of it.
In Outline of a Theory of Practice, Bourdieu (1977: 3-4) distinguishes between three
forms of knowledge: phenomenological, objectivist, and dialectical knowledge. The
first type is the ordinary, unreflective knowledge of the world that we attain through
experience. Objectivist knowledge is what the sociologist produces: structures that,
when adequately described and explicated, show us how and why phenomenological
knowledge arises in everyday practice. These two forms of knowledge reflect the
fundamental question described above; how do we keep them separate? The answer
lies in the third form, dialectical knowledge: an understanding of the relations of
objectivist knowledge, which corresponds with understanding why and how
objectivist knowledge comes to be. Phenomenological knowledge is knowing that a
chair is meant to be sat on, not stood on. Objectivist knowledge is understanding that
there are social norms that dictate this behaviour. Dialectical knowledge is
understanding how we scientifically concluded that these norms exist.9
The reason why we need to ascend from the subjectivist-objectivist dichotomy into the
realm of dialectical knowledge is, argues Bourdieu (1977: 4-7), that neither knowledge
adequately explains the logic of human interactions. Phenomenological knowledge
explains what happened but can never explain why it happened: the causal mechanisms
are outside the realm of pure experience. They are not tangible in the sense that the
agent (or the researcher) could experience them directly. Objectivist knowledge lets us
describe the mechanisms through which phenomenological knowledge is permitted to
exist, but no human interaction follows such mechanist-structural inevitability. If the
agent is aware of the objectivist description of their intents, they may very well decide
not to follow through, thus bringing an exception to the rule. Dialectical knowledge,
9

Or, pertaining to Bourdieu’s division of practical and scholarly knowledge, how we created these
social norms by analysing them.

11

Oliver Saal
however, describes how the agent reacts to the objective-structural knowledge around
them, and how this feeds back into their actions and intents. This form of knowledge
is inaccessible to objectivist modes of explanation, since the dialectical object of
explanation is objective knowledge. The agent might decide to sit on a chair
(phenomenological knowledge) and might also rationalise that he or she sat down
because that is the purpose of a chair (objectivist knowledge). Finally, the agent might
also wonder why the purpose of a chair is to function as a seat, and whether this purpose
is always true or whether there are situations where one should not sit on a chair
(dialectical knowledge).
Why is this discussion important to have? Perhaps most pertinently, it reveals that
scientific endeavours create the objects they purport to merely observe. The
construction of taxonomies is a clear example of this. Later in this thesis, I will be
empirically showing how the categorisation of scientific disciplines affects what
results I am able to observe, and how these results differ depending on how I
taxonomize.10

3.2. The Habitus
As eluded to in the earlier chapter, Bourdieu observes a gap between
phenomenological and objectivist knowledge: the mechanisms described through the
latter never seem fully to hold in the former, the social world of practices (see e.g.
Bourdieu, 1977: 10-15). If we formulate a mechanist law that states that, when
encountering an empty chair at a dinner party, the agent will sit on it, we ignore the
myriad of possibilities where the agent for one reason or another does not sit down.
Even when trying to account for all these possibilities, we are still left with edge cases
where the agent does not sit down. However, this law was nonetheless formulated from

10

This question of the relation between the scientific model and the reality it arises from has over time
become perhaps the most important question of this thesis. If scientific disciplines are in the end only
composed of agents, rules, and professional or academic recognition, what is the purpose of a
taxonomy of disciplines? The taxonomy itself does not exist in phenomenological reality, so what
function does it fulfil in the larger scientific context? Does objectivist knowledge even fulfil any
function, or is it taxonomy construction for the sake of taxonomies? Unfortunately, the restricted
space of this thesis does not allow for a thorough discussion of the matter; see e.g. Becher (1989) for a
cogent, but perhaps still incomplete, discussion of the matter.

12

Oliver Saal
observations of the social world, so it was at least based on phenomenological reality.
There are cases where the agent sits down, but our model simply does not adequately
explain why these theory-confirming cases exist, nor why theory-breaking examples
occur.
In order to understand these practices – the agent either sitting down or not sitting
down – Bourdieu (1977) employs the first of several important tools to conceptualise
actions as both determining and determined: the habitus. The concept of the habitus is
complex and contains important minutiae to understand. Therefore, in order to explain
the concept, I have opted to show it through an example. Let us consider a freshman,
new to academic studying, arriving at the university.
The freshman has no prior conception of university studies. She11 comes from a family
with no higher education. Arriving at the door of the campus building, she must
therefore draw from her prior educational experience to make sense of this unknown
territory. To help her with this, she employs her habitus, a “[system] of durable,
transposable dispositions” (Bourdieu, 1977: 72. Original emphasis) to make sense of
her surroundings.
Because she is only acquainted with non-university education, she is disposed to
understand the university through this lens. She talks with teachers, attends lessons,
does homework in the evenings, and completes the required courses. One day,
however, an older student peer of her hears her use these words, and reprimands her:
they are not ‘teachers’, they are ‘professors and lecturers’. She, apparently, attends
‘seminars and lectures’, not ‘lessons’. There is no ‘homework’, only ‘studying’, and
she does not complete ‘courses’, she accrues ‘credits’.12 She is surprised – how are
these choices of words so important for her to learn? Her habitus, composed of
“structured structures predisposed to function as structuring structures,” (Bourdieu,
1977: 72) disposed her to understand the university through the lens of compulsory

11

For the sake of the example, the gender of the student is arbitrary. English grammar, however,
makes discussing a non-gendered person somewhat cumbersome.
12
Depending on the cultural context of the reader, these examples might sound foreign. In Finland,
however, this attitude of viewing the university as something distinct from common education is not
unheard of – I personally experienced these reprimands during my first year of university.

13

Oliver Saal
education, but it was apparently wrong. Slowly, she begins to learn the correct13
vocabulary – she incorporates the rules of the university field.
However, she could always decide not to follow this vocabulary. Perhaps her parents
told her that academics are pompous and detached from reality, and because of this,
she does not want to become one of ‘those people’. In order words, her habitus
structures her understanding of the university, but the ways in which she reacts to the
older student’s reprimands are not “the product of obedience to rules” (Bourdieu,
1977: 72).
This example shows how the habitus defines the individual’s perception of reality but
does not force the individual to follow any given rule for understanding this reality.
The full quote, alluded to in this example, defines habitus as:
“systems of durable, transposable dispositions, structured structures
predisposed to function as structuring structures, that is, as principles of
the generation of structuring of practices and representations which can
be objectively ‘regulated’ and ‘regular’ without in any way being the
product of obedience to rules” (Bourdieu, 1977: 72. Original emphasis)
In other words, the habitus is a historical product. It is the collection of learnt values,
dispositions, ideas, relations, and opinions that the agent has experienced through his
or her personal history. The habitus disposes agents towards certain modes of thinking,
but it does not define to which modes the agents will adhere. The habitus is durable,
because it is created in and modified through prior practices. It is a product of the
agent’s prior experiences. It is transposable, because the incorporated14 ‘lessons’ of
prior practices are moved from a historical memory into the current practice at hand.
Furthermore, the habitus defines the thinkable extent for any given practice – what can
and cannot be said, done, or experienced. The freshman in our example could not
conceive of the university in any other terms than those given to her by her prior
educational context. If she would have been, for instance, a pre-school child visiting
the university with her mother, she would not have had any applicable tools for
13

Correct, insofar as this vocabulary is required of her by other agents in the field. I discuss the rules
of whom she listens to and who has the authority to reprimand her below, in chapter 3.3.
14
Bourdieu frequently switches between ‘incorporation’, ‘embodiment’, and ‘internalization’ in his
texts. I will refer to this process, of historical experiences being inscribed into bodily dispositions, as
‘incorporation’ in this thesis.

14

Oliver Saal
understanding this foreign space – it would have been an unthinkable for her
(Bourdieu, 1977: 77). The habitus creates what Bourdieu (1991) terms the space of
possibles, the collection of all possible modes of understanding reality, and when a
situation is too foreign for the habitus, it may be regarded as an unthinkable.
Let us return to our student. She goes about her university education – let us say, in
sociology – eagerly learning all that her professors have to offer. Finally, after a few
years, she graduates and moves into the workforce, finding a job as an HR consultant
for a marketing firm. Suddenly, she is faced with a reality not necessarily taught to her
in her sociological education. She must attempt to apply her sociological imagination
in contexts foreign to her. The process starts anew: she must apply her historical
habitus to a new context in order to make sense of it. She once again finds herself in
situations where she is reprimanded for using the wrong language. She has learnt to
talk about ‘agents’ or ‘actors’, but the marketing company speaks of ‘customers’.
Inevitably, this will force her to decide once again what to do: should she incorporate
this new vocabulary in her habitus, or insist on her old structured reality? New
unthinkables may arise, such as when she overhears the business team talk about
something called a ‘SWOT analysis’, a concept she has not heard of in her education.
However, this definition of habitus still to some extent reifies the original problem of
objectivist knowledge: if the space of possibles is determined through historically
constructed individual habitus, how is it that habitus may be similar to one another and
therefore result in regular behaviour? How is it, that though we are all separate
individuals with our own personal histories, we seem to behave in predictable,
systematic, and (to some extent) uniform ways? How is it that a homogenising
educational system can produce competent knowers if each habitus is unique and thus
responds ‘erratically’ to educational practices? Bourdieu answers this in what I deem
to be perhaps the most theoretically significant part of Outline:
“Every confrontation between agents in fact brings together, in an
interaction defined by the objective structure of the relation between
the groups they belong to (e.g. a boss giving orders to a subordinate,
colleagues discussing their pupils, academics taking part in a
symposium), systems of disposition (carried by ‘natural persons’) such
as a linguistic competence and a cultural competence, and, through
these habitus, all the objective structures of which they are the product,
15

Oliver Saal
structures which are active only when embodied in a competence
acquired in the course of a particular history (with the different types of
bilingualism or pronunciation, for example, stemming from different
modes of acquisition).” (Bourdieu, 1977: 81. Original emphasis)
Let us once again return to our hypothetical example. “The objective structure” that
the freshman participates in is the relationship between her being a student (her group
membership), the epistemic logic of the educational field (the system of dispositions),
and the older students’ application of this logic on her ‘wrong’ vocabulary (the
habituated objective structures). Every time she interacts with other agents in the field,
“every confrontation between agents”, is therefore coloured by this tripartite
interaction. The older students have incorporated the epistemic logic into their habitus
– they know how to ‘do’ university education and science. It is up to the freshman and
her habitus to react to their expectations and navigate the educational field. In order to
satisfy others’ requirements, she must incorporate the same epistemic logic into her
habitus.
The habitus bridges the gap between phenomenological knowledge – the fact that
people with similar educational tracks perform similar practices – and objective
knowledge – the fact that we can group these individuals together to form a conception
of their epistemic logic. It is, however, not reducible to either one; it is a dialectical
understanding of epistemology as structuring and structured, as active and passive, and
as both producing and consuming differences.
Throughout this example, the freshman has had a peculiar relationship to other agents
in the field. She has been aware of her relative social position to others – she knows
that a reprimand from an older student to a younger one bears more value and authority
than if, for instance, she would reprimand them for using words she have not
incorporated into her habitus. In fact, any interaction also simultaneously includes the
awareness of each agent’s relative social position (Bourdieu, 1977: 81-82). To
understand the relations between socially positioned agents in a given context, field
theory employs the concept of capital.

16

Oliver Saal
3.3. Fields and Capital
“I could twist Hegel’s famous formula and say that the real is the
relational: what exists in the social world are relations – not
interactions between agents or intersubjective ties between individuals,
but objective relations which exist ‘independently of individual
consciousness and will,’ as Marx said.” (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1992:
97).
Bourdieu sees the social world as relational: in a vein like Einsteinian physics,
everything is relative. However, agents are not particles in a social-physical sense:
because we are conscious and reflexive, we do not plainly follow rules but instead
employ strategies that help us achieve certain outcomes. These strategies are embodied
in our habitus. Furthermore, we do not use the same strategies at every moment. I use
very different language when arguing at a research seminar compared to when talking
to friends at a pub. The strategies we use are, in other words, themselves dependent on
the context of the interaction.
This context is what Bourdieu (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1992: 97) defines as the field.
A field is “a network, or a configuration, of objective relations between positions” –
in other words, the social standings of agents and their relative values. The clearest
way of understanding the field is through analogy with a game (Bourdieu & Wacquant,
1992: 98-99): the field is a game, within which there are stakes that the players (agents)
compete for. If the players themselves place value in the game – in Bourdieusian terms,
they function within a doxa (Bourdieu, 1977: 170) – they will continue the game and
attempt to get maximum control of the stakes. The game itself stays doxic simply
through agents playing the game, not through any explicit contract. The field exists if
agents interact within it and if they accept that the game exists – whether they like the
current ruleset or not.
Returning to the freshman example from the previous chapter, the ‘game’ that she
participates in is the university field, and the players are all the other students and
faculty that she encounters. While she might not like the way older students
reprimanded her for using the ‘incorrect’ vocabulary, she nonetheless participates in
the game – she, and all the other agents of the field, keep the field doxic through their
participation in the social university.
17

Oliver Saal

The stakes of the game, that is the motivators of the field struggle, are different forms
of capital and the relations between them (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1997: 98; Bourdieu,
2006 [1986]). Capital may be likened to cards in the game: “there are cards that are
valid, efficacious in all fields – these are the fundamental species of capital – but their
relative value as trump cards is determined by each field and even by the successive
states of the same field” (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1997: 98). If the doxa is the
undisputed world, the game which every agent accepts to be valid, then the moves and
strategies agents employ to win or lose the game can be divided into orthodox and
heterodox strategies (Bourdieu, 1977: 164-171). If our freshman chooses to modify
her vocabulary according to what the older students said, she employs an orthodox
strategy. If she decides to keep her old vocabulary, she performs a heterodox strategy.
Orthodox strategies aim to uphold the rules of the field – reassert the doxa – because
the agents have a stake in the game. Heterodox strategies, on the other hand, aim to
change the field rules, to give the agents’ preferred forms of capital more power and
therefore establish the agents’ positions as high-status. If university students have the
appropriate quantity and type of capital, they will perform orthodox strategies that
follow the discipline’s epistemic logic. If, however, they do not possess the ‘correct’
capital, they may opt to use heterodox strategies in order to attempt to change the
preferred capital type to the ones they possess.15 The freshman’s ‘inappropriate’
vocabulary represents an inappropriate type of capital, so her speaking of ‘classes’ and
‘homework’ does not support her upwards status movement in the university field. She
might still decide to employ her vocabulary as a heterodox strategy, with the aims to
change the vocabulary of the university, but being alone and a newcomer to the field,
this strategy would largely probably not affect the epistemic logic of the university.
From this, we can conclude that different forms of capital may co-exist in multiple
fields, but that their relative values are field- and time-specific. Some fields may prefer
a type of capital; others may shun the very same capital. Bourdieu (2006 [1986])

15

In practice, I believe students might not employ heterodox strategies to a large degree, because
students have a comparatively low status in the disciplinary field and thus have little affluence on the
rules of the game. They might instead attempt to convert their capital into the preferred capital, or
even discard it completely in favour of the preferred capital.

18

Oliver Saal
defines three types of capital: economic, cultural, and social capital.16 Economic
capital is simply defined as those products that are “immediately and directly
convertible into money and may be institutionalized in the form of property rights.”
(Bourdieu, 2006 [1986]).
Cultural capital comes in three distinct forms (Bourdieu, 2006 [1986]): embodied,
objectified, and institutionalized. Cultural capital is e.g. knowing the unwritten rules
of the academic game, possessing objects that the institutional field values, or using
specialized vocabulary appropriate for the discipline. At the core, all cultural capital is
embodied: it is incorporated into the habitus as knowledge of values, ethos, and norms.
It is inherited across generations, picked up “quite unconsciously”, and forms “longlasting dispositions of the mind and body” (Bourdieu, 2006 [1986]). In other words,
embodied cultural capital is all that we take for granted, all our unconscious values
and patterns of acting, those things that ‘just are that way’. The ‘school’ vocabulary of
the freshman might be a valid embodied cultural capital in compulsory education, but
the reprimands by the older student shows that its value in the university field is
comparatively low.
When made into specific objects, such as a work of art or a theoretical book, embodied
cultural capital becomes objectified. However, objectified cultural capital still requires
recognition to be accepted as valid capital, and thus is dependent on the embodied
cultural capital of those habitus with enough power in the field to define the values of
cultural objects (Bourdieu, 2006 [1986]). For example, having a long list of peerreviewed publications is accepted in some intellectual fields because it embodies the
scientific values of the field. However, it still needs to be accepted as a valid form of
‘doing science’ by those agents who hold the most power in the field, e.g. professors,
leading researchers, faculty deans.17 Finally, institutionalized cultural capital is
objectified capital detached from the embodied counterpart: objects such as academic

16

Cultural and social capital are both subsumed under the umbrella of symbolic capital (Bourdieu,
2006 [1986]).
17
See Hokka (2019) for a situation where producing (sociological) academic papers is highly valued
in one national context but not as valued in another.

19

Oliver Saal
diplomas and medals of honour give their holders cultural capital in certain fields even
when not recognized by the holders themselves.18
Social capital is like cultural capital, except that it consists of the interactions and links
between individuals instead of cultural products (Bourdieu, 2006 [1986]). In other
words, social capital is ‘whom you know’. Agents maintain and create social networks
according to the many logics of the fields; if these networks stay recognized by other
members of the field, particularly those in power, they grant social capital to the
agents. In academic work, belonging to certain research networks or having a wellknown thesis supervisor can be recognized as status-giving social capital, whilst
associating with e.g. the anti-vaccination movement might lower one’s academic
status.
Capital is important in Bourdieusian practice theory because “[i]n empirical work, it
is one and the same thing to determine what the field is, where its limits lie, etc., and
to determine what species of capital are active in it, within what limits, and so on.”
(Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1997: 98-99). Because the field is defined as the relations
between positions on the field, and these positions depend on the volume and structure
of the capital that the agents possess (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1997: 99), fields are
inseparable from capital. Furthermore, what is being fought over in a field is the power
to define which capital gives status: individuals with dominant positions may define
their own structure and volume of capital to give them power, thus forcing all agents
with less of the ‘correct’ capital into more dominated positions on the field.19
We see here the connection between habitus, field, and capital: the habitus needs to be
aware of the agent’s social position. In turn, this social position is defined by the
volume and structure of capital as currently expected by the field. Thus, the habitus
contains the necessary information to place the agent at a social position in the field.
The agent holds a dominant field position when there is no difference between the

18

However, I would perhaps argue that no cultural capital may be fully detached from the habitus:
even the relative value of, say, a doctoral degree within the academic community changes over time.
Institutionalized cultural capital is perhaps better viewed as objectified cultural capital whose value
change requires comparatively more effort and time than that of other cultural objects.
19
And, in those situations where low-status agents do not attempt to gain the appropriate capital (i.e.
they employ heterodox strategies), they may even reify their own domination.

20

Oliver Saal
embodied capital of the habitus and the field requirements. Conversely, whenever the
agents possess the wrong type or volume of capital, they become pushed into a
dominated position. Since the habitus is the lasting embodiment of dispositions such
as values and motifs of action, the habitus is a collection of embodied cultural capital.
This means that the agent is always subject to recognition or rejection by the ‘powers
that be’ within the field.
While this theoretical construction is useful in understanding the logic of fields and of
agent practices, it is not enough by itself to translate into empirical research. How
would one measure the amounts, values, and types of capital; what is the relative
capital value of, say, one peer-reviewed paper? How does one determine the extent of
embodied cultural capital within an individual? Furthermore, how is all this related to
the topic of the thesis, the university field and its student actors? In order to
operationalise the forms of capital applied in the university field, I turn to Legitimation
Code Theory, a new theoretical development in the last fifteen-some years of research
into the sociology of higher education. LCT builds on the Bourdieusian definition of
fields and practical logics to uncover the ways in which field agents legitimate
knowledge practices in their fields. It is thus complementary to field theory, but views
the fields of practice from the perspective of legitimation.

21

Oliver Saal

4. Legitimation Code Theory
In order to operationalise the forms of capital that may affect how students are
positioned in the field of the university, I apply Legitimation Code Theory (LCT). LCT
is a theoretical, explanatory framework for analysing how social fields legitimise
knowledge practices – that is, patterns of action that aim to produce or uphold
knowledge. It draws upon Bourdieu’s field theory (see chapter 3) as well as code
theory by Basil Bernstein to reveal the connections between human practice, field
positions, and knowledge construction. Note, that despite the name, LCT is not a social
theory in a classical sense:20 LCT uses these two theories to construct tools that help
show the functions, modes of changes, logics, and realizations of a given field of
knowledge practices.

4.1. Social Realism, Legitimation Devices, and the Arena of Struggle
The basic tenet of LCT is a view of society as composed of “relatively autonomous
social universes” (Maton, 2014: 17) which contain their own languages of legitimation
– logics explaining which knowledge is presumed to be true, and by whom that
knowledge is or ought be produced (ibid.: 17-19). This definition is closely related to
Bourdieu’s fields, which are semi-autonomous social spaces where agents follow their
own capital logics for different end goals – the major difference here being LCT’s
focus on knowledge practices, as opposed to other social practices. Furthermore, it is
worth emphasizing that these languages of legitimation are highly context-bound:
what is held as a legitimate source of knowledge in one field, e.g. the field of the
university, is not necessarily even considered in another field, e.g. the field of the
family.

20

More specifically, LCT calls itself an ”explanatory framework”, which sits in the interstices
between social ontology and practical research (Maton, 2014: 15). What one would call a ‘social
theory’, e.g. dialectical materialism or structuralism, more closely resembles a social ontology.
Therefore, I believe the T of LCT to be a bit misleading – a more apt name could perhaps be
‘Knowledge Legitimation Framework’.

22

Oliver Saal
While I stated in the introduction that this thesis does not concern itself with questions
of ontology, it is worth taking a quick detour into the intellectual field in order to better
understand the philosophical groundwork of LCT. The ontological premise of the
framework comes from social realism (Maton, 2014: 10-12),21 which states three basic
principles of social ontology: first, an independent reality is presumed to exist, and
knowledge is presumed to have some form of connection to it. This need not entail
that knowledge is a direct mirror image of reality – only that it is in some ways
connected to a reality that exists regardless of the knowledge of it. Second, knowledge
is itself not Truth-with-a-capital-T but is produced in varying contexts and thus subject
to social powers and relations. This means that knowledge may come about in various
forms depending on temporal, spatial, and sociocultural conditions, and that there need
not be any one single true knowledge. Third, the relative merits of contextually
produced knowledge are subject to comparison through intersubjective means.
Because of this, we can cumulatively build knowledge that stands epistemologically
true in various contexts and across time, despite knowledge itself not being a one-toone approximation of reality as such (Maton, 2014: 10-11). This tripartite definition
of social realism sets it distinctly apart from both logical positivism, which would
entail that knowledge is available independently of social context and that there exists
a true description of reality available to us through research, and pure relativism, which
in turn would not accept knowledge as being connected in any degree to an
independently existing reality.22
Related to the second principle of social realism, LCT emphasizes a practicetheoretical perspective. Knowledge does not exist in a singular form, taking the same
shape and following the same logic across all practices. Instead, knowledge practices
may take different shapes and logics depending on the type of field they are enacted
in. For example, the reasoning for why a biological theory is ‘true’ may be different
from how a marketing firm chooses a demographic for an ad campaign. Maton (2014:

21

To my understanding, social realism differs very little, if at all, from the philosophy of critical
realism as developed by Roy Bhaskar and Margaret Archer, among others (see Archer et al., 1998 for
an overview of critical realism). Whilst social realism is merely a tool of contextualisation in this
thesis, I will refer to it as social realism and not as critical realism, whatever the philosophical
distinction may be.
22
The parallels between social realism and Mannheim’s (1936) relationism are striking.

23

Oliver Saal
17-19; 45) states that the logics of practice are embodied in the Legitimation Device.23
Each field of practice has its own Legitimation Device, and thus may produce different
knowledge practices depending on the logics and capital values contained within.
Thus, the field of biology has its own Legitimation Device containing the rules of true
knowledge, while the field of marketing has another device with possibly different
rules. In the fields of pedagogic practice, this Legitimation Device produces a special
type of device called the epistemic-pedagogic device (EPD). Maton (2014: 46-47)
argues that the EPD functions as a generative system, giving rise to fields of practice.
Thus, he argues, the problems of creation in Bourdieu’s field theory are resolved:
Maton states that while Bourdieu never theorized what produces certain fields, the
EPD (and, more generally, the Legitimation Device) is the cause for differentiated
fields (cf. Maton, 2004: 26-32).
A theoretical discussion like this one deserves a clarifying example. The EPD may be
visualised as a ‘cultural memory’ of sorts, containing all the rules that define legitimate
actions in a given field. In the university, the EPD contains the rules for what is and is
not legitimate pedagogy and research. In fact, in this definition, the rules of the EPD
give rise to the university field itself. There is a ruleset for doing science, and out of
that ruleset arises the different academic disciplines – biology, for example, exists
because the rules that define biology exist, not vice versa.
The EPD produces an arena of struggle, wherein agents compete for power, position,
and distinction (Maton, 2014: 47, 50-53, cf. Bourdieu, 2010 [1984]). The then-current
rules of the arena – the logics contained within the EPD – are recognized by agents in
practice and enacted upon or contested in strategies, in order to move across the field
itself. Put in simpler terms, since the EPD is the ‘legal code’ of a given field, agents
can choose either to ‘follow the law’ or strategically ‘break the law’ in order to change
their positions within the field. Harking back to chapter 3, the arena of struggle is
analogous to the Bourdieusian field, and the EPD is a sort of general repository of
capital values and field logics.

23

Capital letters are used to distinguish the overarching concept of the Legitimation Device from
field-specific legitimation devices (see Maton, 2016).

24

Oliver Saal
However, the arena of struggle is not homogenous; it consists of three separate fields,
each with their own governing logics (Maton, 2014: 51).24 The field of production is
where new knowledge is created, the field of recontextualisation is where curricula
and pedagogical methods are developed, and the field of reproduction is the site where
practical pedagogy takes place. These are governed by, in order, epistemic logics,
recontextualising logics, and evaluative logics (ibid.). For the purpose of this thesis,
these three fields become interweaved: university teachers and professors act as
productive and reproductive practitioners, as they intermingle research and teaching.
Depending on the discipline and bureaucratic structure, they may also function as the
recontextualising practitioners, developing their own translation devices to teach the
knowledge they produce to students. Thus, the total knowledge practices may be
differential and multiple, depending on the field in which they take place. The logic of
how scientific results are produced need not necessarily coincide with the logic of how
these results are taught to students. In fact, as will become clear in the results of this
thesis, these logics may differ wildly from one another.

4.2. Code Taxonomy
LCT is characterised as an evolving theory that is empirically calibrated through
studies and modified according to results. This gives LCT the power to cumulatively
build knowledge about legitimations of knowledge whilst keeping it open for potential
falsification – but it also makes LCT a complicated subject of study. A prime resource
for LCT is their homepage (www.legitimationcodetheory.com, 2019a), which has thus
far identified five dimensions “that each explore a different set of organizing principles
underlying practices, dispositions and contexts as a species of legitimation code”
(ibid.). These five dimensions are Autonomy, Density, Specialization,25 Semantics, and
Temporality (Maton, 2014: 18). Of these, Specialization and Semantics are elaborated
upon in Maton’s (2014) seminal work Knowledge and Knowers. Autonomy has been
elaborated in later studies (e.g. Maton & Howard, 2018), and Temporality is currently

24

Maton (2014: 51-52) also defines a fourth logic, the distributive logic, which functions to delegate
practices to each of the three fields. This logic is not analysed in the thesis.
25
Due to the very specific terminology used in LCT, I will be following this Americanized version of
spelling.

25

Oliver Saal
undergoing elaboration (www.legitimationcodetheory.com, 2019a). Of these, all but
Semantics were initially developed in Maton’s (2004) doctoral dissertation concerning
the rise and development of cultural studies.
These five legitimation codes have in common their origin in Basil Bernstein’s code
theory and his concepts of classification and framing strengths (see Bernstein, 2003
[1971]: 156-160). Classification denotes to which degree categories are bounded and
clearly marked, and framing denotes the strength of the locus of control, with high
framing strength implying that there is strong control of knowledge ‘from above’
(Maton, 2014: 29-30). As an example, secondary school subjects in Finland portray
high classification strength (+C), as they are distinctly separated into courses.26 In a
similar vein, they also portray high framing strength (+F), as the definitions and
boundaries of each subject is decided by state curricula, i.e. positions of high power.
Conversely, a low classification strength (-C) would imply a field where categories
flow into one another, such as ordinary life-world knowledge; and a low framing
strength (-F) occurs when the locus of control is more down-to-earth, e.g.
Steiner/Waldorf schools.27 Maton (2014: 65-70) extends these code modalities to
include both structures of knowledge, as Bernstein does, and structures of knowers. In
other words, legitimation codes help show not only what type of knowledge is valued,
but also who may produce such knowledge.
LCT has been applied in a multitude of contexts, fields, and practices. Whilst many
studies focus on the shapes and contents of educational subjects, such as physics,
biology, applied sciences, history, and music; other studies have gone beyond
educational contexts and analysed e.g. museums, architecture, and government
(Maton, 2014: 207-210). The framework attempts to create tools general enough to
analyse a wide range of phenomena, whilst focusing on the need to clarify and
contextualise each operationalisation on a case-by-case basis. Currently, it is not
directly possible to compare applications of LCT codes between different fields, but

26

This may not hold as true for the newest national curriculum as it did for earlier curricula. An
empirical study would be necessary to establish the classification and framing strengths of curricular
development in Finland. The example is intended to contextualise, not to serve as a rigorous analysis.
27
The literature (Maton, 2014) seems to suggest as though classification and framing strengths always
coincide (+C, +F or –C, -F).

26

Oliver Saal
within each field, LCT seems to give a practical language to the theories of Bourdieu
and Bernstein (cf. Maton, 2004; Maton, 2014). This thesis applies one of these
theoretical tools, Specialization codes.28

4.3. Specialization Codes
I have often found it hard to explain to the uninitiated what ‘sociology’ is. Much of
my education has emphasized how any practice, event, or object may be viewed
‘sociologically’, and that the science is more of a type of perspective or ‘lens’ than a
coherent set of ideas. Without going deeper into my personal take on sociology, we
can conclude that there seems to be some logic to how sociology defines itself and its
attributes. Sociology seems to accept more or less anything in terms of research
objects, and instead emphasizes a particular way of knowing – the ‘sociological
imagination’. With LCT, we can enact Specialization codes to understand these
differences of emphasis as being composed of different valuations of epistemic
practices. Put simply, academic disciplines have different ways of knowing and
different ways of producing knowledge, and Specialization codes can help
systematically see these differences as comparisons between disciplines.
Specialization codes denote practices about objects and towards objects, directed by
subjects (Maton, 2014: 62). In other words, what happens in a knowledge practice, and
who is the practitioner? These can be categorised into Epistemic Relations (ER;
practices directed at objects) and Social Relations (SR; practices directed at practicing
subjects).29 It is important to note that these categories are not dichotomous: the two
relations are better viewed as contextual spectra, varying from stronger to weaker
relations depending on the context. Some practices may e.g. focus more on the
knowledge content (ER+) as compared to some other practices. These strengths can
28

The choice to enact only Specialization codes is mostly practical: this code dimension is highly
developed compared to the others. Furthermore, an aspect of the post-truth debate concerns the place
of the human scientist in a presumed disinterested, calculating science. Specialization codes reveal
exactly these evaluations, as seen later in the thesis.
29
These are denoted as ER and SR, with a following sign to indicate their polarity: ER+ corresponds
to high Epistemic Relations and SR- to low Social Relations, as an example. Maton (2014: 101-102)
presents a more elaborate method of denoting both current and diachronic polarity, but this simple
system is enough for the time being.

27

Oliver Saal
be mapped onto a two-dimensional coordinate system (Maton, 2014: 30-33; see Figure
4.1), producing four distinct types, each in their own quadrant on the plane – four
Specialization codes. These are Knowledge30 codes (ER+, SR-), Knower codes (ER-,
SR+), Élite codes (ER+, SR+), and Relativist codes (ER-, SR-). A Knowledge code
entails that the knowledge practice places relatively more emphasis on the object that
the practice concerns, and less emphasis on the practitioner. Conversely, a Knower
code focuses on the person behind the practice, as opposed to the practice itself. Élite
codes focus on both, and Relativist codes on neither.31 Simplified, these four codes
function as languages of legitimation, describing which aspects of knowledge practices
are valued and respected within a given field. Each code is thus a representation of the
current capital values in the EPD – what kind of knowledge does the field like and
accept?

Figure 4.1. The Specialization plane (Maton, 2014: 30)32
30

In order to distinguish the legitimation code from the general concept, all codes are written with
capital first letters.
31
It bears repeating, and I will repeat this throughout the thesis, that this definition is relational. A
Relativist code does not necessarily mean that ’anything goes’, but that the practice is less bounded as
compared to some other practice. In quantitative LCT applications such as this thesis, the ’some other
practice’ is usually defined as the average of the entire sample (or population).
32
This plane highly resembles Bourdieu’s space of social positions (see Bourdieu, 2010 [1984]: 122).
While Bourdieu visualises it with both capital types and capital volumes, the LCT plane is perhaps
better seen as relative volumes of particular subtypes of epistemic capital. Furthermore, one should

28

Oliver Saal

For example, Maton (2014) discusses the curious status of British cultural studies (CS)
within academia from the 1960s to the end of the millennium. He ascribes the
discipline’s marginality within academia to its insistence on not delineating which
objects are studied or which methods should be used, and on its emphasis on a need
for diverse voices as knowledge producers instead of positivist tendencies to disregard
the producers’ subjectivities (Maton, 2014: 25-29). Put simply, CS allowed researchers
to study whatever they liked using any preferred methods, as long as they made sure
to represent a diversity of people. Using the Specialization code dimension, CS can
thus be said to exhibit weaker Epistemic Relations, ER-, because of its boundless study
objects and boundary queering, but stronger Social Relations, SR+, because of the
commitment to actor voices and subjectivism (Maton, 2014: 30). This combination of
ER-, SR+ gives CS a Knower code when compared to academia at large. Furthermore,
placing cultural studies within the social field of academia, Maton argues that the
discipline is positioned at a subordinate position within a subordinate fraction of a
dominant class (Maton, 2014: 34-35). Subordinate position, because of prevailing
positivist and anti-subjectivist tendencies within academia at large; subordinate
fraction, because of academia’s less valued position within the wider field of highclass professionals in a capitalist economy; and dominant class, because of said highclass professionals’ status within society at large.
Bourdieu (2010 [1984], referenced in Maton, 2014: 34) noted that subordinated
fractions tend to see themselves as homologous to subordinated classes in general. If
one belongs to the upper echelon of society, but is shunned because of, say, an anticapitalist agenda, one would empathise with the anti-capitalists in the lower classes.
Following this logic, cultural studies would find itself empathising with lower-class
groups, despite its generally high-class position in society. This, combined with a
preference to subjectivist knowledge-production (because of the Knower code; ER-,
SR+, or less focus on research objects, more focus on researchers), leads to what
Maton (2014: 36) calls the procession of the excluded. As cultural studies opened its
doors to marginalized voices, those groups entered into academia and came to receive

remember that the axes in the LCT plane are spectra – thus, depending on how a given practice is
legitimated, it may be freely placed closer to or further away from the origin. This, however, entails a
problem of demarcation, which I will discuss as part of the empirical analysis later in this thesis.

29

Oliver Saal
a higher social status because of academia’s general high-status position in the social
field. Consequently, these groups lost their status as marginalised voices. This entailed
that new voices needed be found, which led to other groups entering cultural studies
and consequently losing their statuses as marginalised voices. Put in LCT terms, the
Knower codes were constantly being pushed ‘back’ onto new groups, new hierarchical
knower structures with new ideal knowers (Maton, 2014: 69-70), changing the
specifics of the language of legitimation within the field but holding the general
Specialization code constant.33

4.4. The 4-K Model
Early on in LCT research, it came to light that the Specialization dimension by itself
was not enough to explain subtle differences within the same code modality (Maton,
2014: 172-175). Research observed so-called relation clashes and shifts within codes
– changes within a given Specialization code that were not explainable with the codes
themselves – which led Maton and others to theorise further subdivisions of the
dimension. Epistemic Relations and Social Relations were both divided into two subcomponents each, bringing about the 4-K Model (Maton, 2014: 192-194): Ontic
Relations, Discursive Relations, Subjective Relations, and Interactional Relations. The
name of the model stems from what the sub-components denote: Known (OR),
Knowledges (DR), Knowers (SubR), and Knowing (IR).
The 4-K model proposes that within ER, there exists two sub-components for
knowledge legitimation through the ontology of the knowledge object: Ontic Relations
(OR) and Discursive Relations (DR). The former bounds the object itself, while the
latter bounds the procedures with which the object is constructed. In an academic
context, OR concerns the content, DR the methodology. The same properties hold for
these sub-dimensions as for general LCT dimensions: they are spectra, relational, and
independent. Placing OR and DR on a two-dimensional coordinate system, we get the
epistemic plane, with the four quadrants representing four different insights (Maton,

33

Note that this discussion is restricted to Maton’s original (2004) analysis, which spans from the
mid-1960s to the turn of the millennium. Cultural studies have presumably undergone changes since,
and the procession of the excluded need not hold up to scrutiny at the time of writing.

30

Oliver Saal
2014: 176-177): Situational insight (OR+, DR-), Doctrinal insight (OR-, DR+), Purist
insight (OR+, DR+), and Knower/no insight (OR-, DR-). A Situational insight
emphasises the contents of the knowledge practice but not the procedures it applies,
while a Doctrinal insight focuses on the methods over the contents. Purist insights
emphasize both, and Knower/no insights neither. It is worth noting, that due to this last
insight presenting weaker relations on both sub-dimensions, it would result in ER-,
entailing that it always produces Knower codes or Relativist codes (ibid.; see chapter
4.1). In other words, a Knower/no insight always means that either only the social
aspects of the knowledge producer are relatively emphasized, or everything in the
practice is de-emphasized.34
Similarly, SR can be divided into the two sub-components of Subjective Relations
(SubR) and Interactional Relations (IR). The former legitimises the knower-subject
through their intrinsic properties, and the latter through their interactions with
significant others. SubR is who you are; IR is what you have accomplished. Once
again, these sub-dimensions behave the same way as all other LCT dimensions, and
thus we can distinguish between four gazes on the social plane: Social gaze (SubR+,
IR-), Cultivated gaze (SubR-, IR+), Born gaze (SubR+, IR+) and Trained/blank gaze
(SubR-, IR-). A Social gaze gives legitimacy to the intrinsic aspects of the practitioner
but not to their merits and achievements, while a Cultivated gaze focuses on e.g.
institutional diplomas as opposed to personal characteristics. Born gazes emphasize
both, Trained/blank gazes neither. Symmetry holds once again: due to the last gaze
presenting relatively weaker relations on both sub-dimensions, it is interpreted as SRand can therefore only be observed within Knowledge codes or Relativist codes
(Maton, 2014: 185-186).
Maton exemplifies insights with developments in the field of economics (Maton, 2014:
178-180). Within the discipline, there existed during the early 2000s an epistemic
relation clash between neoliberal economics and ‘post-autistic economics’ (PAE).
Both groups emphasized the contents of their studies as legitimating knowledge, whilst
downplaying the role of the scientist as an actor. They would therefore both be
classified as a Knowledge code (ER+, SR-). However, their difference lied within the

34

In comparison to other practices or fields.

31

Oliver Saal
stronger Epistemic Relations: neoliberal economics emphasized mathematical
modelling so strongly, that one author notes that “to get an article published […] you
must provide a mathematical model, even if it adds nothing to your verbal analysis”
(Lipsey, 2001: 184; as quoted in Maton, 2014: 178).35 Translating to LCT terminology,
whilst neoliberal economics presented stronger Epistemic Relations (ER+), this
modality manifested itself as weaker Ontic Relations (OR-) and stronger Discursive
Relations (DR+), resulting in a Doctrinal insight (OR-, DR+). Put simply, neoliberal
economics downplayed which research topics were considered legitimate objects of
study, and emphasized instead that the field should use a specific set of methods. PAE
practitioners, on the other hand, preferred to emphasize the concrete problems (OR+),
using any available methods to solve it (DR-) – an example of a Situational insight
(Maton, 2014: 179). This example shows how the first-order Specialization code
system would have hidden the differences within the field: speaking only in terms of
ER and SR, both subjects would have portrayed Knowledge codes (ER+, SR-), thus
equating the two despite major epistemological differences.
Maton (2014: 187-189) exemplifies the gazes by harking back to his (2004) original
study object: cultural studies. Early CS presented a Cultivated gaze (SubR-, IR+), as
it emphasized that researchers be immersed in the culture of CS in order to produce
good research. They were, in other words, legitimate knowers of CS when they had
learnt the culture of CS, regardless of which ‘kind’ of person they were. After the
inclusion of feminist theory, however, the field shifted to a Social gaze (SubR+, IR-),
with the introduction of standpoint theories and the procession of the excluded (see
chapter 4.1). Now, the requirement shifted so that a legitimate knower was one who
had the appropriate attributes – the researcher had to have had personal experience
with social oppression.36 However, cultural studies did not stop at the Social gaze:
post-feminism, it slowly developed back into a Cultivated gaze. However, the field
still distanced itself from its earlier historical phase. CS now had the same gaze as

35

Interestingly, the emphasis on modelling also led to a detachment from empirical reality, as the
model became more important than the empirical reality it proposed to represent – an example of the
epistemic fallacy (see chapter 3.1).
36
The effects of these two gazes, Maton argues, are opposite: Cultivated gazes increase sociality
within the field of practice but restrict entry to the field, while Social gazes do the opposite (Maton,
2014: 188). A Cultivated gaze means that new practitioners must be taught – a Social gaze that only
certain people can become practitioners.

32

Oliver Saal
before the introduction of feminist theory, yet practitioners argued that it was a
different science than before. In order to explain this apparent contradiction, Maton
develops a further concept: lenses.
Since each relation in the 4-K model is a relation to something, every relation may be
coloured by certain preferences, called lenses (Maton, 2014: 189-194).37 For instance,
for Cultivated gazes, there exists a difference between ontic lenses and discursive
lenses. Since a Cultivated gaze privileges how knower-subjects have come to be
knowers, i.e. from which significant others they learnt to be knowers, there must exist
a definition of what or who is considered a significant other. In the example of cultural
studies, the shift back into a Cultivated gaze was differentiated from the earlier
Cultivated gaze through these significant others. While early CS referred to becoming
a legitimate knower through learning about study objects (Ontic lens), postintervention CS legitimated knowers who knew the canon of CS (Discursive lens). Put
more plainly, early CS cultivated legitimate knowers by having them immerse
themselves in cultural objects, while post-intervention CS forewent this approach in
favour of immersion into a scientific canon of cultural studies itself. The former
significant others are the things CS researchers, the latter is the history of CS.
This notion of ontic and discursive lenses can be extended to encompass all four subdimensions of the 4-K model (Maton, 2014: 192-194), with each dimension lensed
differently on whether it emphasizes the ontology or the social construction of the
subject or object. However, while this idea of lensing refines the 4-K model, I believe
it lies dangerously close to bringing the discussion back to a false dichotomy of
positivism and relativism. Though LCT has thus far frequently and vehemently
emphasized how its component dimensions are spectra as opposed to dichotomies,
here it seems Maton views lenses as simple either/or-choices: “The form taken by
lenses reflects, I conjecture, an ontic/discursive distinction whose forms vary
according to the relation they refract.” (Maton, 2014: 193. Emphasis added.) In other
words, the LCT doctrine of non-dichotomous analytical tools seems to end with
37

Lenses can be compared to Bourdieu’s call for a new sociological/relational perspective; they are
not modalities of practice like legitimation codes, but function instead as perspectives (positiontakings) that agents may adapt in order to mobilize code modalities as capital on the field. Lensing is
somewhat undeveloped in the current literature (see Maton, 2014: 193-194; see also chapter 4.3 for an
analytical alternative to lensing.)

33

Oliver Saal
lensing – almost as if suggesting that the analysis has ended, and that the model may
go no deeper than lenses. However, I want to suggest that a more nuanced refinement
of the 4-K model can be had. There are still many avenues of legitimation that have
not adequately been explained by Specialization codes, insights, gazes, or lenses.
However, this refinement will come to suggest a problem in the independence of
legitimation dimensions.

4.5. The Extended 4-K Model
In the development of this thesis, sociologists unaware of LCT noted that the 4-K
model seemed almost reductionist. In fact, this notion becomes apparent when one
considers the practice of knowledge legitimation in science: on which grounds would
one, for instance, consider a research report as being a legitimate source of scientific
knowledge? The Specialisation dimension would consider the ontology of the
researcher (Social Relations, SR) and the ontology of the report (Epistemic Relations,
ER). This division could be further refined by considering whether the researcher has
any born talents38 which are important (Subjective Relations, SubR) and if they have
a certain important degree (Interactional Relations, IR), and whether the research uses
appropriate methods (Discursive Relations, DR) and is focussed on an appropriate
topic (Ontic Relations, OR). However, this excludes a plethora of other aspects, some
of which may become even more essential for determining legitimacy than the 4-K
model. Is the research published in a reputable journal? Does it refer to other scientific
reports? Are those referred-to reports of high standards themselves? What about the
medium of the research – is a written paper more legitimate than a documentary? These
questions are just the tip of the iceberg, but it is already clear that the 4-K model does
not adequately explain the full extent of legitimation.

38

Once again, I wish to emphasize that the fact that LCT (tries to) explore all potential avenues of
legitimation should not be confused with a lack of respect for the expertise of highly educated
scientists. The fact that many scientists may find born talents to be irrelevant in light of their in-depth
educations, and the otherwise notion even insulting, is itself an interesting example of SubR-. One
should not restrict the space of possibles in advance, because this may cause the analyst to miss
crucial aspects of the practice field – no matter how absurd certain possibles may seem.

34

Oliver Saal
For instance, there are clear differences within Discursive Relations: in some cases,
publication in a very high-standard journal may give more legitimacy to the report than
whether it refers to specific classics or high-status scientific products.39 There is
therefore a need to distinguish between these two aspects – the quantity and quality of
relations between discursively produced objects. Therefore, I propose that the 4-K
Model be extended, and further sub-divisions be made within each former subdimension.
Figure 4.2 presents this extension of the 4-K Model. Each sub-dimension is divided
into two further dimensions: Ontic Relations become Content Relations and Medial
Relations, Discursive Relations become Object-Network Relations and Procedural
Relations, Interactional Relations become Experiential Relations and Subject-Network
Relations, and Subjective Relations become Group Relations and Subject-Ontological
Relations, bringing the grand total up to eight relations.40

39

As an example of a situation where reputation matters more than research quality, see the discussion
in Chapman et al. (2019).
40
At this point, the model is becoming quite a word salad of relations and dimensions. When applying
the model in the empirical analysis, I will avoid using this particular terminology in favour of
concretely explaining the concepts these signifiers stand for, whenever possible.

35

Oliver Saal

Figure 4.2. The Extended 4-K Model
First, Ontic Relations are divided into Content Relations (CR) and Medial Relations
(MR). CR refers to whether the knowledge practice is legitimised through the form of
the resulting object or state – ‘a monograph is proper science because of what it
contains’. MR refers to the form in which the knowledge practice is (re)produced – ‘a
monograph is better than a peer-reviewed article’.41
As for Discursive Relations, I divide them into Object-Network Relations (ONR) and
Procedural Relations (PR). ONR shows if the particularity of connected objects – e.g.
the types, shapes, forms, and quantities of references in the bibliography of a

41

As an example, Hokka (2019) interviewed professors of sociology at Finnish and Swedish
universities, and found that for Swedish professors, peer-reviewed article publishing constitutes
”something we have to do to survive” – in other words, the shape of publication affects notions of
’proper’ sociology. The professor in question therefore portrays stronger Medial Relations (MR+).

36

Oliver Saal
monograph – is of importance for the practice’s legitimacy. PR pertains to the original
definition of Discursive Relations and focuses on the modes of production that brought
about the practice in question – in scientific production, often questions of
methodology.
Interactional Relations can be divided into Experiential Relations (ExR) and SubjectNetwork Relations (SNR). ExR emphasises the relative importance of the
practitioner’s own experiences, such as merits, diplomas, or earlier research
excellence. SNR mirrors Object-Network Relations (as presented above): the
knowledge practice is legitimated by the network of relations that the practitioner has
to other actors – e.g. the merits of the scientific institution or whether the practitioner’s
thesis supervisor was a well-respected actor within the field.42
Finally, Subjective Relations are divided into Group Relations (GR) and SocialOntological Relations (SOR). GR refer to the practitioner’s group memberships, both
inside and outside the knowledge field in question: e.g. social class, residence
neighbourhood, or political opinions. SOR, on the other hand, emphasises the very
ontology of the subject, e.g. their gender or their ethnicity.43
However, there is one curious observation of the extended 4-K model which brings
into question either its appropriateness for the LCT framework, or the base
assumptions of LCT itself. Once one organises the eight sub-dimensions as in Figure
4.2, the order suggests a fluid motion from the ontology of the object as a legitimating
force (at the bottom of the figure) towards the ontology of the subject. Clear boundaries
between the dimensions are in fact hard, if not impossible, to draw. Consider the
boundary between what constitutes Subject-Ontological Relations (SOR) and Group
Relation (GR). For some properties of the knower, these are seemingly
straightforward: height or eye colour44 are squarely designated as SOR, as they are

42

Note that this definition of Subject-Network Relations mirrors Bourdieu’s concept of social capital
(see chapter 3.3).
43
See below for a problematisation of this dimension.
44
The notion that these particular properties would influence the legitimacy of the knowledge product
may seem preposterous at first glance, but it bears reminding that LCT is concerned with not only the
realized methods of legitimacy, but also the possible but as of yet unrealized methods. Height and eye
colour may not currently be realized legitimating forces, but they exist in the realm of possible forces.

37

Oliver Saal
physical properties of the individual,45 whilst social class or political opinions are
social properties, GR. However, what of gender? Ethnicity? Ability? Whether these
properties belong to SOR or GR can easily become a matter of social-theoretical
perspective: those following e.g. post-structuralism would perhaps be quick in arguing
that they belong to GR, defining them as socially constructed, but those in the
biological essentialist camp would argue otherwise. It becomes clear that the
boundaries between these sub-dimensions are fluid and fuzzy, and – perhaps most
importantly – subject to change, depending on historical and philosophical contexts.46
Whilst the consequences of this independence-breaking property are still uncertain, I
believe LCT already has the tools to deal with the apparent problem at hand. Current
LCT research has mostly focused on the recognition and taxonomization of
legitimation codes. However, once research delves deeper into change, relations, and
causal mechanisms, the need for discrete codes may disappear in favour of fluid
boundaries and non-restrictive typologies of legitimation practices.
I wish to note a last remark before I move on to a wider definition of the thesis’
problem-field. Ontic Relations (OR) and Subjective Relations (SubR) seem quite
straight-forward to analyse: ‘is the contents of this book what makes it truthful?’, ‘do
you believe the statements of members of Group A more or less than those of group
B?’, and other such very spontaneously suggested example questions. However, the
details of the Discursive Relations (DR) and Interactional Relations (IR) become
fuzzier. I have already presented the problem of demarcation above, but another
potential empirical problem is that of differential content. Considering ObjectNetwork Relations (ONR), for example, it becomes clear that the object type may be
more or less emphasised compared to the object count; a thesis, for example, is
commonly granted a certain level of legitimacy if the references are scientific and
critically evaluated, not necessarily if the bibliography is long. Nevertheless, perhaps
the same thesis may lose legitimacy if the bibliography is too short. Moreover, what
Maton (2004: 12-14) discusses this in his definition of the problem-field, which is comparable to
Bourdieu’s realm of possibles, or Foucault’s episteme (ibid.)
45
For now. With advancements in medical science, one would perhaps expect many physical
properties to become social properties once medicalised and subjected to cosmetic surgery.
46
Therefore, also dependent on the type of total ideology currently reigning in the field. Furthermore,
if the extended 4-K model suggests a fluid spectrum from subject to object, one would not be too
extreme in suggesting that the relation between social construction and essentialism forms a similar
spectrum. Perhaps the answer to whether a property is constructed or not is mu – ‘the question is
irrelevant’.

38

Oliver Saal
happens if the bibliography is very short, but all the references are to notoriously
difficult-to-read works? Clearly, the roads to knowledge legitimacy are multiple and
differential, but they seem to work in tandem with one another, with one consideration
affecting the relative values of others. Therefore, I suggest that DR- and IR-related
dimensions are more clearly conceptualised as knowledge networks. Instead of
classifying, categorising, and linearly modelling practice logics as Object-Network
Relations (ONR), Procedural Relations (PR), Experiential Relations (ExR) and
Subject-Network Relations (SNR), it may be fruitful to view them as consisting of
nodes of relevant practices (e.g. nodes of knowledge products, for ONR; or of
subjective experiences, for ExR), with differential connections between one another.
Thus, the resulting strengths of DR and IR are better viewed as analytical by-products
arising from network modalities. The network connections themselves are what define
the legitimacy of a particular practice in a particular context, but the sum47 of
connections brings about the higher-order legitimation code (e.g. OR+, DR-) as an
analytical construction. Note, that the higher-order codes are therefore not empiricalrealist objects with their own distinctive ontologies, but discursively produced
theoretical products arising from the definition of the network.48

47

A figure of speech, as I do not want to assume that an additive total sum of connections would
necessarily represent the code strengths in any statistically or theoretically meaningful way.
48
This notion echoes that of Bourdieu’s definition of the subjectivist/objectivist dichotomy (see
chapter 3.1). Furthermore, a network of this type perhaps more closely follows the definition of
networks by Latour (2005) and actor-network theory, than that of classical social network theory.

39

Oliver Saal

5. The Structure of the University Field
In order to analyse the process through which students incorporate their new
legitimation codes into their habitus, it is necessary to define the structure and potential
dynamics of the university field itself. When an older student reprimands our
hypothetical freshman in chapter 3, why would she even listen to him? Whilst
Bourdieu argues that the field may not be constructed prior to empirical analysis (cf.
Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1992: 108), I believe that an analysis of the relations between
positions in the field is necessary to help guide the primary analysis. This chapter will
distinguish the positions and power relations of the field, perhaps to a greater extent
than what is analysed in the later empirical study; human interaction is much more
complex than what may be explained by the results of one survey, and this holds
particularly true for knowledge legitimation.
First, it is worth quickly elucidating the connections between Bourdieu’s field theory
(chapter 3) and Legitimation Code Theory (chapter 4). Bourdieu states that field
analysis consists of three moments (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1992: 104-105). Firstly,
one must establish the field’s position vis-à-vis the general field of power, which is
done below in this chapter. Does the practice field hold large or small power in society,
as compared to other fields? Secondly, one must map the relations of the field. Why is
the freshman different from the older student? This, unfortunately, will be somewhat
lacking in this thesis, as I focus on students as a single, analytically disconnected49
group of actors in the field. Further research should more explicitly attempt to map the
entirety of positions and their relations; what is the extent of students’ power as
compared to educators, and how might this relation change? Finally, the agent habitus
should be analysed. Who are the students as a collective? As mentioned in chapter 3,
Bourdieu (ibid.: 98-99) views establishing the field and establishing the capital powers
as one and the same. Here, LCT helps to concretely define and measure the forms of
capital: each legitimation dimension, such as Epistemic Relations or Social Relations,

49

This disconnect is, once again, necessary from an analytical standpoint, but not reflective of
empirical reality. Students flow between multiple positions of power as they delve deeper into their
studies, but for the sake of clear analysis, I place them in a single coherent position within the status
hierarchy of the university. A real student may hold more power to affect the curriculum once he or
she has completed the required undergraduate courses, but my analytical students are all more or less
placed on the same line for ease of analysis.

40

Oliver Saal
comes to function as its own sub-capital. These can then be grouped under the larger
embodied cultural capital of epistemic capital: “an accumulation of different kinds of
‘assets’ by which actors ascertain the social world and the situation at hand”
(Alasuutari, 2018). Epistemic capital is the model of reality that the field holds as valid.
In other words, the LCT analyses conducted in this thesis help to ascertain the forms
of capital active in the disciplinary fields, and thus the students’ habitus.
The unit of analysis for this study is the singular academic discipline.50 A single
discipline contains many different agents at different levels of power and control, such
as researchers, undergraduate students, professors, and deans. Thus, the first relevant
dimension is that of hierarchical power relations. At the very top of this hierarchy sits
decision-makers such as deans, boards, rectors, prefects, and other similar agents. They
have the final word on how the pedagogy is organized, practiced and portrayed within
the university.51 In other words, they possess the largest amount of currently valued
epistemic capital, by virtue of their positions in the hierarchy. Their model of reality
is the definition of reality in their disciplines. Their practices produce documents and
strategies concerning the educational culture, which then guide educational planners
in creating curricula for their disciplines. The educational practitioners – teachers,
professors, and other such pedagogical faculty – then enact these curricula. Finally, at
the lowest tier of power relations are the students, who receive52 the fruits of the
academic-educational labour through practical teaching.
Whilst this may at first glance sound rather deterministic, I posit that it is all but: the
intentions of educational practitioners (to follow guidelines or perhaps to break from
them) may differ from the praxis itself for a multitude of reasons. Teachers need not
follow conventional rules of teaching, educational strategy documents may be
circumvented or wholly ignored, and the needs of the students may cause the teaching
praxis to drift away from recommendations or official strategies. The hierarchical
relation is important to take into consideration, because not every member of the
50

Or rather, out of necessity, disciplinary clusters. See chapter 6 for more detailed explanations, and
chapter 8.1 for categorisation results. At this point, I will refer to the unit of analysis as the academic
discipline for ease of explanation.
51
In many cases, there might be state-controlled organs that take a higher power position. I restrict my
analysis to the analytically disconnected university field, but in empirical reality, the field is only
semi-autonomous and therefore subject to other power relations outside itself.
52
Not completely passively – see below for a discussion of agency in the hierarchy.

41

Oliver Saal
university culture holds the same potential to reform and mould educational practice.
However much power students hold, it is clear that they do not hold as much power as
the board of directors or the deans. However, this hierarchy is not strictly
unidirectional: students may, as has been seen in numerous student revolutions and
campus protests throughout history, bring about change to the educational praxis
through their involvement. I suggest, however, that the hierarchy concentrates the
locus of control at the top, thus giving more power over the forms and strategies of
university education to those with the most epistemic capital. Put in Bernsteinian terms
(see chapter 4), the general university field (as established analytically in this context)
presents strong framing strength, +F.
Whilst this hierarchy defines the locus of control of education, it also allows, due to
the potential for low-status individuals to affect the curriculum, for every agent within
the university field to affect the whole discipline. Again, students may not hold as
much power as the deans, but they nonetheless function within the field and thus to
some extent affect other agents, simply by existing in the discipline. Thus, the entire
spectrum from students to deans simultaneously define the academic subject, its
borders, and its contents. This line of reasoning recognizes power differentials along
axes of capital, and gives a modus operandi for this particular thesis: as agents with
capacities for change, university students are equally important to analyse as
educational planners, practitioners, and bureaucrats, with each playing a particular role
in the proverbial game of educational practice.
A single discipline, such as sociology, physics, or environmental engineering, at a
single university is not isolated from the larger scientific community. In fact, it could
be argued that one of the defining aspects of academic culture is its interconnectivity
across disciplinary, university, and national borders. Thus, the second dimension of
the university field is that of horizontal power relations. These come, I suggest, in two
forms, with fuzzy and fluid borders between: horizontal relations and diagonal
relations. An example of a horizontal relation is students interacting with each other,
either within or across disciplines. This dynamic is a potential for change because
inter-student interaction need not follow the same power dynamic (the same type and
volume of capital) as hierarchical power relations. In other words, students are much
freer to interact with each other than they are with agents above them in the hierarchy,
and could thus be expected to more readily change each other’s habitus. Through
42

Oliver Saal
interacting with each other, students may incorporate minute differences to their
legitimation codes from other perspectives or disciplines, which may prove to be
crucial in the students’ further development. At the same time, these incorporations
may also restrict the students’ potentiality for movement within the field: if they
incorporate epistemic values drastically different from those of their discipline’s
legitimation codes, students may come to find the code clash between their and their
discipline’s legitimation codes insurmountable. If our freshman hangs out with biology
students and learns their ways of doing science, she might suddenly find the
sociological imagination increasingly difficult to follow.53
The other type of horizontal power relations are diagonal relations. Consider the
following example: a university teacher in the field of physics reads a paper from a
highly esteemed professor of higher education pedagogy and decides to integrate the
findings into his or her own teaching practice. This relation, taking place across
disciplinary fields, is like a horizontal relation due to the cross-disciplinary nature, but
there exists a power differential between the two agents. One is a university teacher,
situated comparatively low on the hierarchical power relations scale, whilst the other
is a professor, holding more relevant capital and thus being situated higher in the
hierarchy. I suggest that this relation, in contrast to the relations hitherto suggested, is
primarily unidirectional. While the university teacher may come across a high-ranked
paper in a journal from another field, the odds are low that the esteemed professor
happens onto a paper by the teacher. Furthermore, even if this occurs, the power
differential ought to manifest itself in stronger Social Relations (cf. chapter 4.1),
entailing that the professor would perhaps not take the teacher’s paper into regard,
despite its contents. This line of reasoning also suggests that the larger the difference
in within-field power, the stronger the effect the high-power agent has on the lowpower agent’s practices, and the less likely that the low-power agent could affect the
high-power agent.

53

This line of reasoning reveals an interesting dynamic in inter-disciplinary cooperation. On one hand,
scientific isolation into distinct disciplines can hinder scientific discovery, but on the other hand,
copious mixing of two different epistemic logics may engender in the student a habitus drastically
different from either discipline. There is a risk of a ’jack of all trades, master of none’ situation
arising. I very briefly explore this possible situation in the analysis chapter.

43

Oliver Saal
Finally, the relations between disciplines themselves, situated within the larger field
of politics and power relations (cf. Bourdieu, 2010 [1984]) should be considered. As
parts of the field of politics, disciplinary fields (and the academic field itself) are
subject to power dynamics along the economic and symbolic capitals reigning in
society at that moment. Thus, every discipline can be mapped onto the general
university field according to several capital types. For the university as an autonomous
field, epistemic capital volumes may play an important role in designating which
discipline gets which amount of power, in terms of funding, human resources,
advertisement to potential student recruits, and so on. Epistemic capital may, in other
words, be converted into economic capital. As part of their strategies, I suggest that
agents are aware of these disciplinary power differences, and that they deploy these
differences in strategies for moving around and across the university field. Some may
forego a personally interesting research project because they know that other types of
research receive better funding. These strategies may present themselves at every level
of the hierarchical power relations but are perhaps most visible among those in high
power. In fact, students may perhaps not yet even recognize the power differentials
between disciplines and thus might not take these into account when constructing
strategies for navigating their own academic disciplines.54 Professors, deans and
faculty boards, however, presumably actively recognize and manage these differences
as part of their struggles to gain disciplinary and faculty legitimacy within the field of
the university, within the general field of academia, and within the greater field of
power.
These three dimensions – hierarchical power relations, horizontal power relations, and
field relations – all feed into the process of incorporation of the student habitus.
Visually, I have shown them in Figure 5.1 below. The figure exemplifies the three
dimensions through two imagined disciplines (here titled ‘subjects’). Dotted lines
represent how agents at all levels of the power hierarchy unconsciously construct their
disciplinary fields, while regular lines show more direct affluence. The thick line from
decision-makers in Subject B to practitioners in Subject A is an example of a diagonal

54

They might also erroneously judge the relative power of disciplines. Students’ preconceptions of
disciplinary social power might, in fact, play a large role in their determining which discipline to
study – in their eyes, certain disciplines may be better regarded in society and therefore result in better
employment. This conception, however, need not match reality.

44

Oliver Saal
relation, e.g. the professor of pedagogy’s research paper. Despite existing in different
disciplinary fields, agents sit at similar positions of power – thus, every group of agents
is homologous to their counterpart in other academic subjects. This is represented with
the double line.

Figure 5.1. The structure of the university field as exemplified by two subject areas.
In practice, all positions within the power hierarchy of a single discipline relate to each
other, and to positions in other disciplines, according to the logics of the three
dimensions of power; the figure is simplified for visual ease. Below these disciplines,
the hypothetical general positions of the university field are presented. Note, that the
strengths of each connection, as well as the relative field positions of each discipline,
must be established empirically – they may not be presumed a priori. In fact, these
dimensions may feed into the incorporation process with very different strengths,
45

Oliver Saal
polarities, and consequences, depending on the discipline. For instance, some
disciplines may emphasize their economic capital over cultural values, while others
may do the opposite. This thesis does not purport to resolve the full dynamic through
which habitus incorporation occurs, as that is outside the scope of a master’s thesis.
Instead, I will focus on one analytically distinct group of agents – students.
Particularly, I will be viewing both how students perceive their own disciplinary
logics, i.e. how they construct their own field through their perceptions of those in
power. I also view how students perceive themselves to be graded – a realization of
the power relation between practitioners and students.

46

Oliver Saal

6. Research Questions and Hypotheses
Despite the fact that this thesis is an empirical, substantive study, the very first research
question concerns meta-theory:


Q1: Is LCT a good explanatory model for understanding disciplinary
differences?

A good model, here, should be able to see differences between disciplinary groups
which we intuitively separate. At the same time, intuition should not lead the analysis
astray: even though I can intuitively think that two disciplines ought to be different,
my intuition may be flawed due to my own university socialization. Perhaps I have
been taught at some point that certain disciplines are naïve, less scientific, or not
creative enough as compared to others. This might lead me to believe that there is an
empirical difference between these disciplines, but finding such real differences should
be done using the model, not intuition itself.
From this meta-theoretical research question, two substantive research questions arise:


Q2: What are the legitimation codes of the academic disciplines?



Q3: How do students incorporate these legitimation codes into their
habitus?

Following the first question, I suggest the following hypothesis:


H1: There are differences between disciplinary legitimation codes.

I will test this hypothesis by comparing code strengths between academic disciplines.
The hypothesis is in line with earlier research (cf. Biglan, 1973; Stoecker, 1993; also
see chapters 2.2 and 4), but reframed in the perspective of LCT. However, due to the
relatively small sample size and the diverse array of surveyed disciplines (see chapter
7.5), these disciplines must be grouped into larger clusters in order to test this
hypothesis. Categorisation is a necessary practicality, but one with numerous dangers
of reification of perceived differences (see Moore, 2004; also see chapter 8.1). Because
of this risk, the question arises of whether potential similarities and differences in
legitimation codes are constructed through grouping or choice of theoretical

47

Oliver Saal
perspective, or if they can be considered ‘real’55 differences. In order to compare
disciplinary legitimation codes, I use three methods of comparison: first, I start from
the self-ascribed subject categorisations each respondent was invited to do in the
survey, based on the Finnish national classification of education (Statistics Finland,
2016). Secondly, I use two established systems: the International Standard
Classification of Education, ISCED (UNESCO, 2011), and the Field of Science and
Technology classification, FOS (OECD, 2007). However, these mostly function as
analytical crutches – one intent of LCT is to establish the differences between subject
areas through the LCT dimensions, and thus future research may be able to discard
established classifications in favour of the LCT dimensions. Nevertheless, I
hypothesize that:


H2: Observed legitimation codes reflect true epistemic differences in
knowledge practices between fields and do not vary depending on the detail
of the model or the analytical framing.

In chapter 4, I presented how the pedagogical field constructs, through the EpistemicPedagogic Device, an arena of struggle with three fields of practice: the fields of
production, recontextualisation, and reproduction. Do, then, legitimation codes differ
by field of practice, or do they stay constant over all compared fields? I hypothesise
that:


H3: Legitimation codes stay constant across the fields of practice.

Knowledge produced in the field of production must be re-contextualised to fit the
pedagogical field of reproduction, and I would thus expect that the knowledge
practices bringing about knowledge products resemble the practices through which
knowledge is translated into teaching.
The third research question of this thesis concerns the process of university
socialization, and thus the constitution of legitimation codes. I define university
socialization as the process through which the student habitus incorporates the
legitimation code of the subject area they study. Moore (2004) presents an overview
of the sociology of education and discusses research traditions through an externalist55

As stated in the opening paragraphs of chapter 3.1, sociological knowledge always constructs its
research objects, however ontologically real their practical counterparts are. Thus, the researcher will
technically always partly construct any difference found.

48

Oliver Saal
internalist dichotomy. An internal explanation is, he contends, one that explains
differences in educational outcomes and processes through the educational praxis –
that is, the processes at play in school. An external explanation, on the other hand,
focuses on factors outside the field of education, e.g. socio-economic background or
social norms. Moore (2004) contends that these two systems of explanations generally
focus on two distinct educational roles: external explanations focus on how education
can correct external inequalities, while internal explanations focus on how education
produces inequalities. I will not be analysing this relationship,56 and instead choose to
focus on how internal and external factors weight together in determining student
legitimation codes. More closely, I will be weighing university socialization – an
internal process – against student characteristics. At its most extreme, successful
socialization occurs when the student has wholly incorporated the legitimation code in
question. Comparatively, incorporation of the disciplinary legitimation code has failed
when the student’s legitimation code is different from the discipline’s expectations.
I will be measuring university socialization through time at university. Presumably, as
students become more acquainted with their subjects, they simultaneously become
more attuned to the epistemic logics driving pedagogical practices. Thus, I hypothesize
that:


H4: Legitimation codes vary by time at university.

In this thesis, I divide the external forces into two groups: parental educational
background and minority group membership. Previous research in the Finnish context
(e.g. Myrskylä, 2009) has observed the social heritability of education. Because the
habitus is historically contingent, I thus hypothesize that:


H5: Parental educational background significantly affects student
legitimation codes.

As for minority group membership, a standpoint-theoretical approach would presume
that the construction of social reality is dependent on the agent’s social standing in the
social world around him or her. Thus, social minorities might present a type of
56

For what it is worth, I believe that the most fruitful discussion of educational problems come from
the interaction of both explanatory systems. Whilst education may produce inequalities due to
selectivity, modes of pedagogy, or choice of curricula (among many others), it always does so in
relation to the wider field of power and politics. As Bourdieu contends, all social fields are only
partially autonomous (see chapters 3 and 4) – the same holds for the field of education.

49

Oliver Saal
epistemic logic that diverges from the majority logic. However, the mechanisms of
this divergence are thus far uncertain, and thus I only hypothesize that:


H6: Minority group membership significantly affects legitimation codes.

7. Methods and Materials
This chapter develops the operationalisations, construction and implementation of the
survey as well as its instruments, and the methods of analysis. It is structured to
resemble the chronological timeline of the process, as the development of the survey
has varied extensively over time. Furthermore, since the first research question of this
thesis concerns LCT’s potential as a methodological framework, I deem the close
attention to methodology necessary.

7.1. Operationalisations
I divided the final survey into four sections: university context, knowledge practices,
politics, and social characteristics. Whilst not all questions and resulting variables are
used in this thesis, I will clarify the operationalisations and logics behind each section
in order. The full survey, along with links to online archived copies, can be found in
Appendix 1.
The first section concerns the university context of the respondent. I asked respondents
to select their home university, write in their major subject, select from a multiplechoice selection of disciplinary classifications (see chapter 8.1), report their degree
level, starting year, and number of completed credits in their major subject, and
evaluate their subjective academic success on a 5-point Likert scale. However,
problems of interpretation seem to have arisen between degree level and number of
credits. Fifty-four percent of the respondents reported studying for a bachelor’s degree.
Since the respondents were instructed that a bachelor’s degree contains a total of
around 60 credits in their major subject, one would expect the number of respondents

50

Oliver Saal
reporting 0-60 credits to match the number of bachelor students.57 However, only 33
% of respondents reported having finished a maximum of 0-60 major subject credits.
Furthermore, respondents were informed that a finished master’s degree contains
around 100-140 major subject credits. Six percent of respondents reported studying
for degrees higher than a master’s degree, but 25 % of the same respondents reported
having completed over 140 credits in their major subject. I suspect that respondents
may have interpreted the question as asking for total credits, since that is a more
common metric of study success than credits in major subjects. 58 Thus, this variable
presents low overall validity. However, I can still use the lowest levels of completed
credits as indicators of newly admitted students: I would expect a freshman to have
completed few credits, both overall and within their major subjects.
The second section concerns knowledge practices. I further divided this section into
four groups of questions, which I call arenas: Subject, Researcher, Product, and
Grading. The first two groups operationalise the 4-K model (OR, DR, SubR, IR) and
concern, respectively, the characteristics of the academic discipline and the
characteristics of the ideal researcher. In practice, the respondents were first asked to
evaluate the logics of their disciplines, and then to evaluate the characteristics of the
ideal researcher. Translating these into theoretical terms, the Subject and Researcher
arenas both represent the complete disciplinary field. The Subject arena represents the
logic of the field as experienced by the student, and the Researcher arena represents
the perceived ideal habitus of the field. In LCT terms, together they constitute the arena
of struggle (see chapter 4.1).
The Product and Grading arenas operationalise the extended 4-K model (see chapter
4.3). In the Product arena, respondents were asked to evaluate how they would
recognize that a knowledge product, a ‘research report’, belongs to their discipline.

57

Approximately: Finnish university education usually grants access to both a bachelor’s and master’s
degree, so students may have completed master’s level courses while still technically within the
undergraduate programme. However, one would expect this to be a marginal occurrence, with most
students finishing their bachelor’s degrees before moving on to master’s degrees. If it is not marginal,
it may be a partial cause for the discrepancy between degree level and number of completed credits.
58
Note, that in reality, all educational experience will shape the student’s legitimation codes. Thus,
minor subjects and other studies are also important aspects of university socialization. However, my
survey did not ask for minor subjects – a flaw that, in hindsight, when corrected could have resulted in
interesting analyses of interactions between epistemically different major and minor subjects.

51

Oliver Saal
The Grading arena then asked which factors they perceive to affect the grading of a
hypothetical essay or thesis within their disciplines. Comparing with the theoretical
discussion, the Product arena represents the field of production, while the Grading
arena represents the field of reproduction. The Product arena is hard to fit into
Bourdieusian field theory, but is understandable through an actor-network-theoretical
approach (cf. Latour, 2005): the research product, once produced by agents,59 becomes
its own agent, mobilized as part of the practices through which other actors define the
field. In simpler terms, practitioners and students recognize which knowledge product
belongs to their fields, and through that, create an understanding of the fields’
properties and restrictions. Furthermore, these two arenas of practice correspond with
hierarchical power relations (see chapter 5) – students presumably rarely produce
knowledge products deemed legitimate in the larger field of production,60 and thus
come to rely on products produced by practitioners higher up in the power hierarchy.
Similarly, the act of grading is a direct application of the power differential between
the student and the practitioner. The grade may gate-keep the opportunities of the
student, as well as give feedback on how well the practitioner deems the studentpractitioner interaction (pedagogical practice) to have been conducted.
However, neither arena produces all eight dimensions: the Product question group
lacks a measure of Group Relations, and the Grading arena lacks both SubjectOntological Relations and Medial Relations. The reason for this apparent failure of
operationalisation is that I unfortunately developed the extended 4-K model after
launching the survey, and thus retrofitted the stated questions to the model. Whilst this
need not be a major problem, it does make the full question groups incomplete.
The third section of the survey concerns political opinions. I retrieved these questions
partly from the Eurobarometer, partly from the European Social Survey, and partly
from questions that I personally deemed contemporary and relevant. This section
pertained to an earlier research question of whether legitimation codes coincide with
political evaluations. However, after having launched the survey, I deemed the
59

Actor-network theory would prefer the term ’actor’, but I will keep with ’agents’ to stay consistent
throughout the thesis.
60
Once again, this is an oversimplification. It would not be all too surprising, albeit perhaps relatively
rare, to have a master’s student co-author a research paper, but the same would not be expected of a
freshman.

52

Oliver Saal
question too complex to treat empirically at the time. Thus, I will not be analysing
political differences in this thesis.
Finally, the fourth section concerns socio-demographical variables. One of my
research questions concerns whether external or internal factors affect legitimation
codes. Therefore, I chose such social characteristics that may plausibly produce
differences in knowledge legitimation. Most of them concern social minorities, e.g.
ethnicity, sexuality, and disability. Because some questions, especially those
concerning non-binary genders or non-heterosexual sexualities, may contain socially
sensitive information, I will mainly be analysing these responses as dichotomies of
minority-majority group membership.

7.2. Survey Pre-Test: Methods and Results
After constructing the survey instruments, I conducted six pre-tests with university
students. The intent with the pre-tests was to gauge how well phrasing and order of
questions worked for the intended audience, as well as whether the survey felt
complete. I did not select the pre-test respondents with representability in mind: all six
respondents were acquaintances of mine, and they all studied human or social sciences
at Åbo Akademi University. In hindsight, some questions could have benefitted from
a discussion with students of natural or technical sciences.
I conducted the pre-tests separately for each participant. The participant filled out the
survey as I observed and measured the time it took to complete the survey. After this,
I conducted semi-structured interviews lasting 30-45 minutes, discussing the overall
tone and composition of the survey as well as some specificities. A translation of the
interview scheme is found in Appendix 2.
All respondents found that the survey questions were clear, the topic was easily
discerned, and no parts felt confusing, at risk of misinterpretation, or otherwise
incomprehensible. Two respondents commented on the length of the ‘Politics and
Morals’ section, which I alleviated by visually splitting up the questions (see Appendix
1). The pre-test questionnaire included free-form text response fields for each of the
53

Oliver Saal
four main parts, for the respondents to use for commenting if necessary. One
respondent interpreted them as being parts of the final survey product, which inspired
me to add two qualitative text fields after the pre-tests – one after the ‘Science and
Research’ section, one after ‘Politics and Morals’.
Two out of six respondents did not notice the additional explanations behind the
question marks for some questions. Of those who did notice them, one concluded that
they were not necessary to understand the survey questions, and two respondents used
them to clarify the meaning of a few questions. As a response to this, I moved
clarifying information closer to the survey items and into plain sight.
Unclear or diffuse terms in the ‘Studies and Science’ section noted by the respondents
included ‘born talent’, ‘phenomena’, ‘research report’, ‘correct institution’, and
‘cultivated’. For all but the first term, I opted to either clarify them in text or switch
them out for simpler terms. However, ‘born talent’ (and its synonyms) became a
recurring point of confusion, both in the pre-tests and in later discussions with faculty
and thesis seminar members. Most commenters were unclear with what was meant by
‘born’. I had retrieved the term from prior operationalisations of Subjective Relations,
and it would therefore pose a problem of comparability if I significantly altered or
removed it. After careful deliberation, I opted to leave it unchanged. The confusion
may have arisen due to the prior knowledge – and perhaps legitimation codes – of the
commenters, all educated in social and human sciences. For these students,
conceptions of biological constants may easily echo of essentialism, problematizing
the notion of ‘born talent’.61 Had I pre-tested the survey with students of other sciences,
particularly biological or medical sciences, this suspicion could have been empirically
tested, but at the time of writing, I had to leave it to speculation. A full treatment of
the potential validity problems this causes is outside the scope of this thesis, but further
research should pay close attention to the variability in interpretation of LCT
operationalisations.

61

Similarly, harking back to the discussion chapter 4.5, the borders between essential and social
characteristics are fluid, subject to debate, and perhaps even non-existent. The problems with ‘born
talent’ are symptomatic of a deeper philosophical problem in delineating born and social attributes.
Discussing this in much more detail would be necessary, but unfortunately outside the scope of this
thesis.

54

Oliver Saal
7.3. Data Collection and Survey Process
I conducted the final survey as a web survey from 1 September to 13 December 2019.
I first contacted the student unions at all 14 universities in Finland by e-mail, asking
them to forward the survey and its cover letter in the languages they felt appropriate
for their students.62 It turned out, however, that this method did not yield a particularly
large sample. Not all student unions seemed to send the survey out to their students,
either. Student unions function as interest-representative organs for the complete
student body of their university, and I suspect that the size of the unions as well as
their distance from the ordinary student’s lifeworld may have caused a lack of interest
in the survey.
In order to reach out to an adequate number of students, I therefore sent the survey to
all subject associations and guilds63 whose contact information I could find online. I
did not contact subject associations at the University of Eastern Finland, as I decided
that their student union had managed to reach an adequate number of students and that
further contact was not necessary for data collection. The Swedish School of
Economics and the University of the Arts did not have direct subject associations, and
unfortunately, their student unions did not assist in disseminating the survey. The
former did have several student special interest clubs, but I chose to restrict data
collection specifically to student associations and guilds in order to minimise the
possibility of particularly socially active students having multiple exposures to the call
for participation. Otherwise, this could have increased the relative representation of
socially active students, and if any particular guilds had any latent minority
discriminatory practices, this would have caused systematic bias.
In total, I sent the survey to 273 subject associations or guilds and 14 student unions
in Finland. During the time of the survey, I functioned as secretary and information
manager for one of these associations, the Sociological Association at Åbo Akademi
University, and I sent the survey to our members once through our weekly newsletter,
62

I translated the survey from Swedish into Finnish and English and conducted it in all three
languages.
63
Guilds in Finland may be either subject-specific, as with the Lappeenranta-Lahti University of
Technology, or regional, e.g. guilds for students from the Finland Proper or the Helsinki region. I
contacted regional guilds where applicable.

55

Oliver Saal
in accordance with the mode and frequency of contact that I had asked the other
associations to follow. The members of the Sociological Association were thus not
treated preferentially in terms of possibility of participation.
Most associations did not reply with information on whether they sent the survey out
or not. A few associations were uncontactable, due to a lack of online contact
information or their association board e-mail lists not accepting messages from
addresses outside their university. One student union denied the request, citing an
overload of forwarding requests for their mailing lists. For the National Defence
University, I applied for a research permit64 and followed their instructions for
contacting their students.
Systematic sampling bias may have arisen in the sampling process due to the purely
electronic sampling method and survey, thus excluding those of low ICT skills.
Furthermore, I expect that the rate of opening electronic newsletters is low.65 Students
may often be members of multiple subject, faculty, and special interest associations
and thus may receive multiple newsletters each week. This could prompt information
fatigue. I suspect a more direct sampling and contacting method, e.g. a randomised
sample from the Population Register Centre and a physical mail survey or survey
invitation, would yield a larger sample size. A larger sample size, with adequate
discipline response frequencies, would allow for more detailed discipline-level
analyses of legitimation code and socialization processes than what my collected
sample does. For the purposes of this thesis, I thus view the sample as suggesting
potential generalisations. The generalisability is, however, considerably restricted, due
to small sample sizes and population characteristic skews (see chapter 7.5).
After data collection, I confirmed the applicability of all respondents by scouring the
data – for instance, students with short educational histories, such as under one year,
should not be able to have amassed large amounts of study credits, e.g. over 100
credits, and would therefore be treated as ineligible survey responses. One respondent
had submitted the survey twice – I deleted the copy.

64

Decision AP20471, 3712/12.04.01/2019 by the National Defence University.
For instance, for the Sociological Association at Åbo Akademi University, the opening rate of our
newsletter hovers around only 40 percent.
65

56

Oliver Saal
7.4. Post-Collection Data Processing
Upon finishing data collection and closing the survey, I translated all reported
disciplines into English. As noted in chapter 6, I categorised each discipline according
to three systems, the ISCED and the FOS classifications as well as respondents’ selfreported classifications. Whenever uncertainties in categorisation arose, I prioritised
matching the reported discipline with the category that most likely resembled the
academic subject’s theoretical and epistemological base. Though reporting first-order
categorisations, I started the coding on the level of second-order, sub-area
categorisations. For instance, the subject of medical engineering would be coded as
Engineering and engineering trades (code 52) under the ISCED, instead of Health
(code 72), since the primary focus of the subject is presumably the engineering
process. This would then be re-coded into the first-order category of Engineering,
manufacturing and construction (code 5). This double coding helps ensure that, even
when the second-order code might be partially inaccurate, the first-order code still
covers the general topic of the discipline. Whenever a reported subject mentioned two
or more potential areas (e.g. a teacher student also reporting adult education as their
discipline), I coded the subject as belonging to that area which I interpreted as
encompassing the others – teaching encompasses adult education, business economics
encompasses real estate economics, et cetera.
It is interesting to note, that the FOS (2007) does not identify military science in any
capacity, compared to the ISCED (2011) which classifies the area under service
education. I decided to code military sciences under their own code within the FOS
structure. Because of the subject’s interdisciplinary, applied nature, I believe it to be
misleading to code it under Other social sciences or a similar catch-all categorical
code.

7.5. Sample Description
The final sample contains n = 559 student responses from 137 reported major subjects,
representing 13 out of 14 universities in Finland. As noted earlier, the University of
the Arts did not forward the call for participation. Because division by discipline would
57

Oliver Saal
risk respondent anonymity, and because individual group counts would be too low for
meaningful statistical analysis, the following statistics as well as those of chapter 8 are
all done on disciplinary clusters. Chapter 8.1 below delineates the process through
which I categorised the subjects.
Establishing the rate of response is tricky, since I do not have information on how
many potential students were reached. The official Finnish statistic (SVT, 2018)
reports that there were 154,000 university students in Finland in 2018.66 Based on this,
the final rate of response was 0.36 % of the total population. I sent the survey out with
a shortened link that tracked the number of unique clicks. The total number of unique
survey link clicks was 1,341, which means that approximately 42 % of those who
opened the survey also completed it.
Table 7.1 shows the social characteristics of the sample. Some categories have been
grouped together, to preserve anonymity. The questions regarding parental educational
level, ethnic origin, and language, among others, allowed for write-in answers. I
viewed the submitted answers and categorised them. Here, as with disciplinary
classifications (see chapters 7.4 and 8.1), I chose to let the data have primary control
of the choice of classification.

66

At the time of writing, there were no statistics for 2019. Presumably, the number is similar.

58

Oliver Saal
Table 7.1. Social characteristics of sample.
Gender
Female
Male
Other
Age
18-25
23-36
36+
Education
Upper
secondary
Bachelor
Master

n

%

417
128
< 10

75
23

401
134
24

72
24
4

284
234

51
42

34

6

Post-gradual
< 10
Parental educational level a
Compulsory
80
14
Upper
secondary
292 52
University
327 59
Post-gradual
Other
Language
English
Finnish
Swedish
Other
European
Other

36

6

12

2

< 10
481
71
< 10
< 10

86
13

n
Working while studying
Yes
266
No
290
Employment type a
Full-time
43
Part-time
147
Occasional
84
Entrepreneur
< 10
Freelancer
14
Work frequency
Workdays
A few days a
week
A few days a
month
Seasonal
Other
Profession a
Leadership
Upper civil
servant
Lower civil
servant
Employee
Entrepreneur
Agricultural
entrepreneur
Retiree
Stay-at-home
parent
Unemployed
Other

%

n

%

524
76
32
< 10
< 10
< 10
0
< 10

97
14
6

3

Ethnic origin a
Finland
Nordic
European
Americas
Asia
Africa
Oceania
Other

40

15

Religious practice
Yes
126

104

39

77
37
12

29
14
4

48
52
8
26
15

< 10

No

428

Sexual orientation
Straight
392
Gay
20
Bisexual,
pansexual
67
Asexual
< 10

0

23
77
70
4
12

15

3

Unsure

31

6

40
210
16

7
38
3

Other
Disability
Yes

19

3

23

4

Maybe
No

25
488

5
88

< 10
< 10
< 10
< 10
22

4

Percentages are group-wise for valid, non-missing responses.
a
Multiple-choice question, percentages do not add up to 100.
The gender distribution is skewed, with official statistics (SVT, 2018) reporting 54 %
female students against male. The official statistic does not seem to consider nonbinary genders, perhaps because non-binary genders are not currently legally
recognised in Finland. The age distribution is also skewed, towards the youngest
category, with few enough respondents above 36 years of age that I decided to group
them together. Most respondents had completed either an upper secondary diploma or
a bachelor’s degree; the former is a requirement for entry into university in Finland.
Similarly, most respondents’ parents had completed upper secondary or university –

59

Oliver Saal
continuing the trend of socially inherited educational achievements as seen in previous
research (cf. Myrskylä, 2009).
I asked respondents to report ethnic origin67 as a multiple-choice question, and
language as forced choice. Most respondents identify as ethnically Finnish, and a
slightly smaller majority reports speaking Finnish as their first language. Almost a
quarter of the respondents reported practicing a religion. Beside the three Abrahamic
religions, other reported religions include Satanism, Hinduism, and natural religions
of several kinds.
Half of the respondents reported working while studying. Of these, a quarter work
part-time, eight percent work full-time, and the rest report scattered working hours and
relations. The typical working student works a few days a week,68 as an employee.
Seventy percent of the respondents sexually identify as straight. The rest are scattered
over non-straight sexualities, with bi- and pansexuality being the most popular second
choice. Most respondents report no disability, with nine percent reporting a probable
or possible disability. Listed disabilities vary greatly, with both physiological and
mental health-related disabilities reported.
Summarily, the respondents represent a wide array of socially different individuals.
As will be seen in chapter 8.3.2, this is a strength, as it gives me a robust number of
minority group members to contrast with the majority. However, the social
characteristics of the sample are not of interest here: my primary purpose is to construct
a thorough taxonomy of disciplinary legitimation codes, and questions of causality will
remain in the background for most of the analysis.

67

This operationalisation of ethnic origin does not necessarily match up with accustomed ways of
defining ethnicity in the current literature. My overarching purpose with the social characteristics are
not, however, to analyse them separately. Thus, I deem that question-specific validity can be low
without necessarily affecting the later constructed index of minority group membership.
68
When manually re-coded, ‘a few days a week’ was defined as less than five. Five or more days a
week were coded as ‘workdays’, even when working hours may not have coincided with the working
week.

60

Oliver Saal

8. Analysis
Here follows the presentation of results of the survey study and statistical testing. The
chapters are ordered according to the substantial hypotheses presented in chapter 6
above.69 When discussing legitimation codes, I use the shorthand formats presented in
chapter 4 for the sake of brevity. Because of the length of the chapter, and the
comparatively light statistical analysis, I have made a summary of each discipline’s
legitimation code results in Appendix 5.
A quick note on the format of the results. Because I have analysed a large number of
groups, presenting each group’s legitimation code would be cumbersome and would
add unnecessary complexity to an already complex analysis. Therefore, I have often
opted to handpick a few example disciplines for comparison. The choice of disciplines
to contrast has been somewhat arbitrary, relying mostly on personal intuition and
knowledge about particular disciplines. Examples make the text easier to read and
understand, but there is a risk of leading the reader astray by using examples not
representative of the full results. Therefore, I invite the reader to see the example
disciplinary comparisons as points of interest related to my own disciplinary
knowledge, not as representative of all results. Once again, Appendix 5 includes a full
explanation of each discipline, and it can be consulted for a wider summary if
necessary.

8.1. The Problems of Subject Classification
Because of the wide variability of the disciplines and the comparatively small sample
size, it is necessary to categorise each academic discipline prior to analysis. However,
this categorisation can become very contentious. On which grounds does one group
two or more disciplines together? Whilst one could start at some intuitive grouping,
the very process of categorisation simultaneously restricts and directs which results
are found.70 If two disciplines resulting in opposite legitimation codes, combining

69
70

I discuss the meta-theoretical research question, on LCT’s applicability, in chapter 9.
See below for a concrete example of categorisation causing drastically different results.

61

Oliver Saal
them would cancel each other out, thus spuriously suggesting that the combination
presents another modality than what its constituent parts do. Therefore, it is necessary
to be cautious when categorising – I do not wish to reify common perceptions of
disciplinary similarity or difference, but nonetheless, the results of the survey
necessitates a meaningful categorisation for further analyses.
As established in chapter 7.4, I categorised all disciplines along three axes: the ISCED
system, the FOS system, and respondents’ self-selected categories. The last system
requires careful deliberation. From a social-constructivist perspective, allowing
respondents to control the classification according to their perceptions and
constructions is meaningful: as experts71 of their respective disciplines, students are
on some level aware of the differences and similarities between disciplines. They may
not be able to explicate the logic clearly, but they nonetheless possess some intuition
as to which disciplines belong together in the academic field. This internalised field
definition may help researchers define the field in a way that conforms to Bourdieu’s
requirement of constructing the field purely from the empirical reality of the field itself
(see chapter 3).
In the survey, I asked the respondents to choose one or two categories for their major
subject. I derived the categories from the Finnish educational classification system
(Statistics Finland, 2016). For the most part, respondents reliably chose one category.
For those disciplines which presented two or more classifications, I used the following
logic of coding: first, in situations with clear plurality of category choice – e.g. seven
respondents reporting category 1 and two respondents reporting category 2 within the
same subject – I opted to choose the category with the most ‘votes’. Secondly,
whenever plurality was unclear or when the discipline consisted of only a few
respondents choosing multiple categories, I coded disciplines according to from which
academic group they might reasonably derive most of their theoretical and empirical

71

This is not to say that I take an uncritical position vis-á-vis the respondents. Perceptions may vary
independent from practices, and, I suspect, often do. For example, my own perception of sociology’s
position in the field of academia may vary wildly from how sociology is practiced, even within my
own faculty. Processes of wishful thinking may also come into play: students may have incorporated
the values of particular academic capitals to the point that they do not see the actualised capital type
and volume within their field, but instead purport their discipline to possess a different type or volume
of capital than it demonstrably does. As with all decisions, scientific caution must be taken.

62

Oliver Saal
logics. For instance, developmental psychology was originally categorised under
social sciences,72 forestry under agriculture, and international law under judicial
sciences. Some disciplines were not readily classifiable under this logic, and I opted
to categorise them as ‘other’ and exclude them from categorical comparisons in the
analysis. I have opted for as hands-off an approach as possible, to retain the implicit
logic contained within respondents’ categorisations. Thus, even though I disagreed
with some disciplinary categorisations, I chose to let the data have the final say.73
It became clear, however, that the Finnish classification system was incomplete for the
purpose of total academic classification. For instance, there were several sports-related
sciences where respondents had opted to write in “sports sciences” as their category –
I recoded these into their own category. I also recoded veterinary science under its own
code – the respondent categorisations included natural sciences, health and welfare,
and suggestions of ‘Veterinary Sciences’ as a distinct category. ‘Agriculture, Forestry,
and Fisheries’ was removed from the analysis, as there were not enough samples to
justify statistical measurement. Whilst the disciplines within this category could have
been classified e.g. under ‘Natural Sciences’, the respondents themselves had not
reported such alternative classifications, so I excluded them to preserve the data-first
approach.
In the end, I left ten respondents unclassified and thus excluded them from categorycomparative analyses. They were, however, included in tests on the whole dataset,
since those tests did not consider disciplinary classifications. The categories and their
absolute and relative counts are presented below in Table 8.1. Accurate counts for

72

Psychology was at first classified under ‘social sciences’, because the two often share a faculty at
university. However, they came to show completely different epistemic logics when separated, and
combining the two would have changed the results to a logic not seen separately in either.
Furthermore, there were enough respondents of psychology to justify its own classification.
73
At first, this might sound contentious. Should not theory lead how the results are analysed?
However, Bourdieu argued that establishing the field and its practicing habitus is the same move (see
chapter 3.3). Thus, the intuitive classifications done by students might in fact paint a more accurate
picture than any choice I make, since my own choices are guided by my embodied conception of field
differences. Similarly, prior theory might askew the categorisation because these theories are
constructed from particular points of view or perspectives, which may or may not line up with
practiced differences. Simplified: students’ categorisations are guided by their practice, and thus
reflect the field differences they participate in, while categorising ‘from outside the box’ might force
the categorisation to reflect only a small part of the full logic of practice.

63

Oliver Saal
categories with less than ten respondents are not reported for the sake of anonymity –
this rule will be followed in all data reports below.
Table 8.1. Student self-reported classifications, absolute and relative counts.
Reported
n
%
Education
43
8
Humanities
88
16
Social Sciences
47
8
Commerce and
19
3
Economy
Administration and
25
5
Public Sector
Judicial Sciences
17
3
Natural Sciences
79
14
Information
Management and
< 10
Communications
(ICT)a
Technology and
61
11
Engineering
Health and Welfare
54
10
Military
20
4
Sport Sciences
14
3
Veterinary Sciences
17
3
Psychology
56
10
Other
10
2
a
In later tables, this group will be titled ‘ICT’ for the sake of brevity.
In order to establish the LCT dimension values of each disciplinary category, I
followed the procedure recommended by Maton and Howard (2017):
1) I retrieved the grand means, x̄, for each dimension for the whole dataset.
2) For each respondent, I calculated their personal LCT score by subtracting the
grand mean, x̄, from their personal response, x: x̄ - x
3) Finally, I reported LCT codes as category means of personal LCT scores, i.e.
the average of all personal LCT scores within each disciplinary category.
Since the survey operationalised the 4-K model, I calculated the Epistemic Relations
(ER, legitimation through the contents and methods) and Social Relations (SR,
legitimation through the researcher’s person) scores by adding their respective

64

Oliver Saal
Subject74 sub-dimensions together and dividing the resulting value by two. Thus, the
ER score is the average of the discipline’s Ontic Relations (OR, legitimation through
content) and Discursive Relations (DR, legitimation through methods of production),
and the SR score is the average of the discipline’s Interactional Relations (IR,
legitimation through the researcher’s experiences) and Subjective Relations (SubR,
legitimation through the researcher’s essential attributes). This procedure retains the
relational perspective of LCT (Maton & Howard, 2016), as each number is interpreted
as stronger or weaker relations in comparison to the mean of the full university field.75
This does entail, however, that results are not directly comparable with other studies
done in other cultural contexts.76 For instance, let us say that my full dataset had a
mean ER value of 3.5. A discipline might then get an average ER value of -0.5,
indicating that it is 0.5 points below the mean – so its ‘true’ value is 3.0. However, if
another study found that its full data set had a mean ER of 2, and a disciplinary ER of
-0.5, the results will seem similar but in fact are very different. All things equal, that
study’s ER of -0.5 would be comparable to an ER value of +1 in my dataset – a very
different score.
In order to compare the three classification systems mentioned earlier, I then plotted
the ER and SR values of each disciplinary category onto separate graphs. These are
shown in figures 8.1 to 8.3 below.77

74

With a capital S, denoting the Subject arena of practice (see chapter 7.1), not the academic
discipline itself. To keep the difference clear, I use ‘discipline’ when talking about the academic area
and ‘Subject arena’ when talking about the field of practice.
75
Numbers close to zero thus indicate that the discipline does not differ from the average field
position, while numbers further from zero indicate increasing difference. However, it is hard, if not
impossible, to ascertain the ‘break point’ at which a discipline strongly differs from others – what
does, for instance, a score of -0.5 mean as compared to a score of -0.9? LCT research should work on
establishing what the concrete numerical values could mean, and when one ought to speak of a ‘major
difference’ as opposed to simply a ‘slight difference’.
76
The complete reason for this methodological construction is that LCT codes are always relational to
some other field or context. Thus, the absolute values retrieved from a survey have no interpretation
on their own. It is only in the comparison to something else that an LCT code receives its
interpretation.
77
For the sake of clarity, I use the same marker colour and shape between classifications wherever
possible.

65

Oliver Saal

Figure 8.1. ISCED classification Specialization plane.

Figure 8.2. FOS classification Specialization plane.

Figure 8.3. Self-reported classification Specialization plane.

66

Oliver Saal
Some contrasts between the classification systems arise. The Humanities78 as well as
Engineering and technology show a lesser emphasis on both contents and researchers
as compared to the mean across all classification systems. The Social sciences seem to
put an average emphasis on the importance of researcher attributes in all
classifications, but emphasize it slightly more in the ISCED classification. The
importance of research contents is downplayed for Social sciences. For the most part,
however, comparable groups stay within the same legitimation codes. Strengths,
however, vary: for instance, Social sciences place less emphasis on research objects in
the ISCED and FOS classifications as compared to the national average, and this
emphasis only weakens in the self-reported system.

Since repeating each analysis for three different classification systems would be
cumbersome, superfluous, and potentially confusing, I deem it important to choose
one system to adhere to. However, this is a complicated decision to make. Moore
(2004) argues that variation within groups may often be greater than variation between
groups. Delving deeper into the problematic, the question arises, what is the purpose
of any given taxonomy? I would argue that attempting to homogenize variation into as
few classifications as possible serves little purpose. Reducing classifications may
increase within-group variation, which ultimately serves to make the classification
redundant. However, the sample size necessitates some form of categorisation,79 as
sample sizes are currently simply too small for meaningful quantitative comparison if
taken by subject. Thus, I reason that determining the ‘best’ classification system entails
finding one that adequately reduces unique groups into manageable units, whilst
keeping within-group variance to a reasonable minimum.
The immediate question is, are the differences between each disciplinary cluster
statistically meaningful? That is, could I group any two or more categories together
because of similarity? To investigate this, I conducted separate analyses of variance

78

For legibility, I have opted to format the names of all disciplinary clusters with cursive font.
Determining classifications statistically using factor analysis could have been another option.
However, this approach similarly presents multiple problems. Which arenas of practice and
legitimation dimensions should be chosen for producing the factors? How would one meaningfully
interpret factors arising from disparate – and theoretically independent – dimensions? For the
purposes of this thesis, manual classification proves a decent enough tool, despite its problems.
79

67

Oliver Saal
for each classification system on all four 4-K model sub-dimensions to determine the
significance of their between-group differences – see Table 8.2 below.
Table 8.2. Analyses of variance for each 4-K dimension, by classification system.
Homogeneity of
Variance
Levene
p
statistic a

Welch
statistic

p

1.020
2.823**
5.713**
1.243

.416
.007
< .001
.277

6.331**
1.127
3.468**
3.644**

< .001
.350
.002
.001

.371
.046
< .001
.250

6.054**
0.994
2.879*
3.474**

< .001
.434
.013
.004

Robust ANOVA

ISCED
OR
DR
SubR
IR
FOS
OR
1.084
DR
2.154*
SubR 5.145**
IR
1.311
Self-reported
OR
1.409
DR
0.861
SubR 3.880**
IR
1.991*
a
All reported Levene statistics are based
outlier bias. ** p < .01, * p < .05.

.144
5.228**
.602
7.279**
< .001
2.245*
.017
4.985**
on the trimmed mean,

< .001
< .001
.010
< .001
to exclude potential

Of the three classification systems, it seems like the self-reported classifications
maximise the between-group differences – the differences within each dimension are
all significant at high levels. I also viewed the relative sizes of the total between-group
differences across each classification system using the following formula:

√∑𝑘1 𝐸𝑅 2
𝑘

√∑𝑘1 𝑆𝑅 2
+

𝑘

Where k is the number of disciplinary categories, and ER and SR each discipline’s
respective Epistemic Relations and Social Relations scores. In non-technical language,
the formula first adds up all category scores separately and squares them. After this,

68

Oliver Saal
the square root is taken,80 and the resulting value is divided by the number of
categories. Finally, the resulting values are added together. This number represents the
average total ER and SR mean difference for each disciplinary cluster; the larger, the
more spread the disciplines are from each other. Using this formula, ISCED has an
average spread value of 0.098, FOS has 0.104, and self-reported has 0.111. This
supports the above interpretation that the self-reported system has the largest betweengroup spread.
Note, that the above formula does not consider sample size or measurement error.
Categories with very small sample sizes may easily receive abnormally high personal
legitimation code scores, since they might be very different from the mean values.
However, both the calculation and the ANOVA suggest that the self-reported system
maximises spread. Furthermore, all three systems exhibit similar levels of variance
heterogeneity.81 Thus, the results suggest that the self-reported system is the optimal
choice for this thesis. In further analyses, I will therefore only use this system of
classification.

8.2. The Epistemic Logics of Scientific Disciplines
The following sub-chapters concern the similarities and differences in legitimation
codes between disciplinary categories. What is it that distinguishes disciplines? Do
these similarities or differences reflect popular notions, e.g. of hard versus soft
sciences, or are there homologies not accounted for by traditional academic
taxonomies? Furthermore, what is the relation between the four surveyed arenas –
Subject, Researcher, Product, and Grading? That is, are disciplines internally
consistent, or are there differences in legitimation codes depending on arena praxis?

80

Whilst this is not a mathematical thesis, it may be worth to explicate this logic: if the values are
added together raw, the positives will cancel out the negatives and the result will be zero. However,
leaving them as squared creates uninterpretable values (what does ER-squared mean?), so the square
root is taken to return them to an interpretable value. In fact, this procedure, and the overall formula, is
very similar to calculating the standard deviation – with the difference that this formula does not take
sample size into account, as standard deviation does.
81
Completely homogenous classifications would entail that the spreads within groups do not differ
between groups. As an example, if the data range from 0 to 5 (scale 0-10) in one group, they also do
so in all other groups. For a system with no within-group differences and clear between-group
differences, this would be optimal, but unfortunately such is not the case with these data.

69

Oliver Saal

Note, that none of the four arena operationalisations directly asks for measures of
Epistemic Relations or Social Relations. LCT presupposes that dimensions of the 4-K
model – and the more detailed dimensions of my proposed extension – combine to
produce the higher-order dimensions. Thus, I computed each higher-order dimension
by adding together its sub-dimensions and dividing by the number of measurement
instruments. For instance, the Subject ER scores are calculated by adding together the
two measures of Ontic Relations and Discursive Relations and dividing by two. For
the Product and Grading arenas, some LCT dimensions have multiple measurements,
and the results of all constituent dimensions are thus divided by the number of
instruments.
8.2.1. Field Logics and Ideal Habitus
Table 8.3 presents the legitimation codes of the classifications in two categories: field
logics (Subject) and the ideal habitus (Researcher). Figures 8.4 and 8.5 present these
results visually.
Table 8.3. Subject and Researcher arena legitimation codes by discipline.
Classification
Education
Humanities
Social Sciences
Commerce and Economy
Administration and Public Sector
Judicial Sciences
Natural Sciences
ICT
Technology and Engineering
Health and Welfare
Military
Sport Sciences
Veterinary Sciences
Psychology

Subject
Relativist
Relativist
Relativist
Relativist
Knowledge
Élite
Élite
Relativist
Relativist
Élite
Élite
Relativist
Knowledge
Élite

Researcher
Relativist
Knower
Relativist
Relativist
Relativist
Knowledge
Élite
Relativist
Knower
Knowledge
Knower
Knower
Knower
Élite

70

Oliver Saal

Figure 8.4. Subject Specialization mean difference scores.

Figure 8.5. Researcher Specialization mean difference scores.
Within the Subject arena, no subject classification presents a Knower code – that is,
more emphasis on researchers and less on the research itself. This result contradicts
those of previous quantitative LCT research: Johnson (2018) finds that nursing – here
subsumed under Health and Welfare – does a number of code shifts over time. Nursing
students start by emphasizing the type of knowledge over the researcher, then shift to
de-emphasizing both, and finally shift once again to emphasizing researchers over the
knowledge products. My results, however, show that Health and Welfare students find
the type of research and the type of researcher more important than the national
average. Similarly, Maton and Howard (2017) found that science de-emphasizes both
products and researchers in legitimating practice, and that mathematics focused more
on the types of research than the types of practitioners. My results, however, combine
the two under Natural Sciences and suggests that they legitimate their practices
71

Oliver Saal
through both the research and the researcher, compared to the average. The
contradiction is not necessarily surprising, however. Since legitimation codes are
conceived as differences from the sample mean, diverging legitimation codes within
the same discipline may be caused by samples arising from different populations. As
noted earlier, a cross-cultural sample could help elaborate the similarities and
differences across national borders; my sample does not permit such a study.
Furthermore, the categorisations used by previous research need not match mine – for
instance, Health and Welfare contains all medical sciences present in the sample,
whilst Johnson (2018) only studied nursing. Thus, results may differ between studies.
Further research could attempt a replication of disciplinary categories from previous
research, but nonetheless, the problem of cross-cultural comparisons needs to be kept
in mind.
The Subject arena presents many homologies. As a reminder, the Subject arena
operationalises how the students perceive their own disciplines. Education,
Humanities, Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, ICT, Technology and
Engineering, and Sport Sciences all use the same legitimating logic: neither the type
of knowledge nor the properties of the researcher are comparatively important.
Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences, Health and Welfare, Military, and Psychology are
all the opposite, deeming both product and researcher as important in the disciplines.
Only Administration and Public Sector as well as Veterinary Sciences emphasize the
product but de-emphasize the researcher – the code modality perhaps most
traditionally associated with scientific practice. However, I cannot conclude that
science, when taken as a whole, would be less ‘scientific’ than thought. The results
only show that these students perceive their disciplines to place less value on
traditionally scientific epistemic logics as compared to the national average.
We also see here the divergence between Social Sciences and Psychology. Social
Sciences de-emphasize both products and practitioners in legitimation, while
Psychology places emphasis on both. Despite perhaps originating from the same
theoretical traditions,82 the two disciplines seem to have diverged to the point that they

82

This intuitive assumption is once again because the two disciplines often occupy the same faculty.
A historical analysis of their developments could very well suggest otherwise – perhaps the difference
between Social Sciences and Psychology lies in diverging philosophies of science from the very start.

72

Oliver Saal
represent opposite ends of the epistemic spectrum. An interesting homology is that of
ICT, Technology and Engineering, and the ‘soft’ sciences of Humanities and
Education. At the risk of offending die-hard engineers, soft and applied sciences seem
to function along similar axes of epistemology, adopting a more ‘anything goes’attitude than the national average. However, a robust categorisation into the traditional
Biglan (1973) system of pure-applied and soft-hard sciences would require further
empirical study,83 so this conclusion remains speculative.
However, as mentioned earlier, the Subject arena only presents how the students
subjectively perceive the constitution of their respective fields. The Researcher arena,
on the other hand, delves into the ideal habitus as perceived by the students – what
kind of person is a good practitioner of a given discipline? As reasoned in chapter 3.3,
I expect these two field definitions to converge: the expected habitus ought to conform
to the logics of the field, and the logics of the field ought to be constituted in the
habitus.
Here, we find some similarities and some differences to the Subject field. Social
Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Natural Sciences, ICT, and Psychology all retain
their respective legitimation codes. For these disciplines, a good research can be
whomever they are and do whatever they want, compared to the average. Humanities,
Technology and Engineering, and Sport Sciences switch their legitimation codes.
Instead of taking the same laisses-faire stance as the above group, these disciplines
emphasize the researcher’s character more than the average, whilst downplaying the
type of research they do. Judicial Sciences, and Health and Welfare make a similar
weakening of one dimension: instead of emphasizing both what the researcher does
and who the researcher is, they downplay the researcher’s attributes in favour of the
research contents. The change in Military is unique, as they go from emphasizing both
content knowledge and personal attributes to only emphasizing the researcher’s
person. There thus seems to be several code switches occurring between the Subject
and Researcher arenas. However, whenever code switches occur between field
83

Biglan (1973), for instance, conducted this research by letting prominent practitioners of each
scientific subject self-categorise both their and others’ disciplines along the three axes (with lifenonlife as the third axis), thus allowing agents to define the field. If the researcher defines the fields
without reference to field practitioners, we risk returning to the pseudo-scientific taxonomies that
Bourdieu warned against (see chapter 3.1).

73

Oliver Saal
constitution and habitus constitution, it always seems to happen on either one of the
two Specialization dimensions – never both. Either the emphasis on content knowledge
lessens, or the emphasis on researcher attributes lessens. This result suggests that there
are no radical disparities between fields and habitus. Whenever the field logic and the
ideal habitus differ, the differences are comparatively small. In Bourdieusian terms,
while there are minute differences between field and habitus, the habitus does seem to
function as both a structuring and structured structure.
Since one of the major questions of this thesis is whether disciplines are homologous
on some or all LCT dimensions, some statistical calculations are necessary. The
requirements of homology at this stage are that firstly, the Subject and Researcher
legitimation codes within a subject should match. I therefore only include those
disciplinary clusters that did not change codes between the two arenas.84 Secondly, the
codes between two purported homologies should match. Thus, I compare Education
with Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, and ICT, and Natural Sciences with
Psychology. This results in four comparisons of homology. In order to compare
homologies quantitatively, I first added the Subject and Researcher Epistemic
Relations (ER, how important the scientific contents are for legitimation) and Social
Relations (SR, how important the researcher’s attributes are) values together for each
classification, producing two scales measuring total ER and SR mean difference. I then
did independent-sample t-tests with Education against Social Sciences, Commerce and
Economy, and ICT, as well as with Natural Sciences against Psychology. The results
are shown in Table 8.4 below.

84

This does run a certain risk of missing code homologies: if a discipline were hovering very close to
the mean scores, but switched sides between Subject and Researcher arenas (e.g. from ER- to ER+, or
vice versa), it would not be included in the analysis despite the code switch potentially being the result
of sampling error. However, I have chosen nonetheless to risk this omission of homologies.
Statistically testing each code homology would severely raise the risk of Type I errors, while any
significance correction to combat this runs the opposite risk of raising Type II errors. In other words,
whilst this is not a perfect method of comparison, the alternative risks either ignoring true results or
finding spurious results.

74

Oliver Saal
Table 8.4. T-tests of Subject-Researcher code homologies.
ER

SR

t
p
t
p
Classification
Against Education
Social Sciences
.545 .587 -.516 .607
Commerce and Economy -.262 .794 -.676 .502
ICT
.749 .457 .403 .689
Against Natural Sciences
Psychology
-.952 .343 .174a .862
a
Levene’s test of variance homogeneity showed signs of unequal variances (F = 6.014,
p = .015) for the SR scale in the natural sciences-psychology comparison. This t-test
therefore assumes unequal variances. All other tests assume equal variances.
None of the comparisons is significant at any conventional level, suggesting that the
disciplines do not statistically differ from one another. This supports the conclusion
that the tested homologies are in fact homologies, both on a code and statistical level.
The code homologies between Education, Social Sciences, and Commerce and
Economy are perhaps not surprising. These subjects often reside within the same
faculty, and presumably follow similar theoretical and methodological trajectories.
However, the inclusion of ICT into this homology is perhaps surprising.85 It is also
interesting to note that Humanities is not part of this homology: when asked about the
logic of the field, Humanities students take a relatively free approach, but when asked
about the ideal researcher, they emphasize personal attributes while de-emphasizing
content knowledge. Another surprising result is the difference between the human
sciences and Psychology, with the latter requiring both specific content knowledge and
personal attributes from the ideal researcher. An independent-samples t-test shows that
Education and Psychology are significantly different,86 thus confirming that there is
an empirically real, as well as qualitatively notable, difference. Psychology may have
grown from a social-theoretical, human-scientific historical past. However, in the
Finnish context, the discipline seems to have diverged to the point that students
consider its defining characteristics to be significantly different from those expressed

85

Note, however, that homology does not necessarily entail ontic similarity: while two or more
subjects may be homologous in their underlying knowledge practices, they need not produce the same
outcomes or knowledge products. In fact, the plain observation that academic subjects are divided –
instead of combined along their epistemic logics – shows that underlying knowledge practices need
not coincide with what the disciplines study.
86
t = -3.555, p = .001

75

Oliver Saal
by students of other human sciences – and instead more attuned to the same epistemic
logic as Natural Sciences.
The next step in establishing homologies is to consider the 4-K model and its four
dimensions. This is necessary in order to understand potential differences within code
homologies. Why are, for instance, Education and Social Sciences similarly coded, but
still intuitively different disciplines? Table 8.5 shows the resulting insights and gazes
for each classification, in both Subject and Researcher arenas.
Table 8.5. Subject and Researcher arena insights and gazes by discipline.87
Classification
Education
Humanities
Social Sciences
Commerce and
Economy
Administration
and Public Sector
Judicial Sciences
Natural Sciences
ICT
Technology and
Engineering
Health and
Welfare
Military
Sport Sciences
Veterinary
Sciences
Psychology

Subject
Insight
Gaze
Knower/no Trained/blank
Situational Trained/blank
Knower/no
Cultivated

Researcher
Insight
Gaze
Knower/no Trained/blank
Situational
Cultivated
Knower/no Trained/blank

Situational

Trained/blank

Knower/no

Cultivated

Purist

Trained/blank

Knower/no

Trained/blank

Purist
Purist
Knower/no

Born
Born
Trained/blank

Purist
Purist
Knower/no

Social
Born
Social

Doctrinal

Social

Doctrinal

Social

Purist

Cultivated

Purist

Trained/blank

Purist
Knower/no

Born
Trained/blank

Knower/no
Knower/no

Born
Born

Purist

Social

Situational

Cultivated

Doctrinal

Cultivated

Purist

Cultivated

At this level of analysis, the observed homologies start to break down into
differentiated subjects. Education is no longer fully homologous with any discipline
across both arenas. The homology between Natural Sciences and Psychology also
ceases to exist. Psychology seems to focus more on methods and less on contents when

87

As a recap, insights are composed of the relative values of Ontic Relations (OR, how much the
content of the practice matters) and Discursive Relations (DR, how much the methods matter), and
gazes are composed of Subjective Relations (SubR, how much the researcher’s personal attributes
matter) and Interactional Relations (IR, how much the researcher’s merits and achievements matter).
See chapter 4.4 for a general overview of insights and gazes. The relations between all Specialization
dimensions are also visually shown in Figure 4.2.

76

Oliver Saal
establishing the field, but the ideal researcher should know both. Comparatively,
Natural Sciences focus on both contents and methods both when establishing the field
and when determining the ideal habitus, but also requires both learnt and innate skills
from researchers.
However, viewing each arena separately, some of the Specialization homologies hold.
Education is still homologous with ICT and Sport Sciences in the Subject arena, the
constitution of the disciplinary field. All three de-emphasize contents and methods, as
well as learnt and innate abilities, as compared to the average. In the Researcher arena,
the homologies between Education and Social Sciences hold, with the addition of
Administration and Public Sector. These three also de-emphasize content knowledge,
methodological skills, experiences and innate abilities, when defining the ideal
habitus. Meanwhile, Natural Sciences become homologous with Judicial Sciences and
Military in their field constitutions, as they all place comparatively more emphasis on
objects of study, methods, experiences and achievements, and innate talents. However,
they lose all homologies between each other when defining their ideal researchers.
These results indicate that the differentiation of subjects appears to be predicated on
both the level of analysis and the compared arenas of practice. The Specialization code
level – consisting only of Epistemic Relations (ER, what you know) and Social
Relations (SR, who you are) – presents a large number of homologies. These
homologies, however, subsequently break down once the analysis proceeds to the level
of the 4-K model. However, another interesting question related to the homogeneity
of the total university field is that of the scale of differences between disciplines.
Which academic disciplines are the most and least homologous with others? If reliable,
such a measure could help quantify the level of educational practices’ transferability;
very homologous disciplines might more easily borrow pedagogical praxis from other
fields.
In order to establish the level of homology, I calculated the geometric distance between
each disciplinary pair using the Pythagorean Theorem88 for each arena of practice, on

88

Total distance = √(𝐸𝑅𝑎 − 𝐸𝑅𝑏 )2 + (𝑆𝑅𝑎 − 𝑆𝑅𝑏 )2 . The order of subtractions does not matter, as
the squaring removes the polarity. The resulting number is interpreted as the total Specialization plane
distance between two compared subjects a and b.

77

Oliver Saal
the Specialization plane. Because this method resulted in 91 comparisons per arena of
practice, I have opted to present only the extremes of each arena. The full results are
available in Appendices 3 and 4.
For the Subject arena, the shortest distances, d, are found between Commerce and
Economy, and Technology and Engineering (d = 0.020); Commerce and Economy, and
Humanities (d = 0.037); and Humanities, and Technology and Engineering (d = 0.057).
This confirms the results seen in Figure 8.4 that these three disciplines cluster as one
homology on the Specialization plane, in the Relativist corner, meaning that they deemphasize both research contents and researcher attributes. The longest distances are
found between Social Sciences and Judicial Sciences (d = 0.996), Judicial Sciences
and ICT (d = 0.973), and ICT and Military (d = 0.822). In other words, these three
pairings are the most different, suggesting major epistemological differences when
compared to the complete Finnish academic field.
For the Researcher arena, the corresponding shortest distances are between Humanities
and Veterinary Sciences (d = 0.032), Humanities and Technology and Engineering (d
= 0.045), and Veterinary Sciences and Technology and Engineering (d = 0.062).
Again, these disciplines cluster as one homology in Figure 8.5, in a Knower code: they
emphasize the ideal researcher’s attributes but care less about what the researcher
knows about academic specifics. The longest distances are observed between Military
and Administration and Public Sector (d = 0.668), Judicial Sciences and Military (d =
0.635), and Military and Psychology (d = 0.596).
Interestingly, while the minimum Researcher code distance is almost equal to the
Subject arena minimum, the maximum distance is much shorter in the Researcher
arena than the Subject arena. This result suggests that the ideal habitus presents more
similarities across disciplinary clusters than do the logics of the academic fields. This
means that the disciplines in Finnish academia might be scattered, but that the fields
agree more on what makes a good researcher – a result suggesting some form of
coherence in epistemic logics despite observed differences.
Finally, a few notes on total and average distances across the two arenas of practice.
The three largest total distances for the Subject arena (d’s > 6.4) are all larger than the
78

Oliver Saal
largest total distance in the Researcher arena (d = 5.8). Similarly, the three smallest
total distances in the Researcher arena (d’s < 2.9) are all smaller than the smallest total
distance for the Subject arena (d = 3.6). The same holds for average distances, with
the largest and smallest averages being larger for the Subject arena than the Researcher
arena. Combined, these results indicate that the Subject arena – the logic of the field –
is more variable and spread out than the Researcher arena, the ideal habitus. Once
again, this supports the interpretation that Finnish academics are divided into fairly
diverging disciplinary cultures, but that their ideas of the ideal-typical researcher are
more coherent.
Now, it is time to step one level deeper into the LCT analysis. The following chapter
will present the results of the extended 4-K model dimensions, in two new arenas:
Product and Grading.
8.2.2. Extending the 4-K Model: The Field of Production
This chapter concerns the Product arena or the field of production – the social space
where disciplines create new knowledge. Related to their awareness of the field itself,
students are presumably aware of the ‘researcher rule-book’ for their disciplines. One
would expect that these logics coincide with the full epistemic logic of the field – for
instance, a discipline ought hardly to de-emphasize the importance of researchers
having learnt specific theories, if they simultaneously recognize relevant research by
the contents. However, this supposition seems not to be the case, as seen in the code
modalities presented below in Table 8.6.

79

Oliver Saal
Table 8.6. Product arena legitimation codes by discipline.
Classification
Education
Humanities
Social Sciences
Commerce and Economy
Administration and Public Sector
Judicial Sciences
Natural Sciences
ICT
Technology and Engineering
Health and Welfare
Military
Sport Sciences
Veterinary Sciences
Psychology

Code
Knowledge
Relativist
Knowledge
Élite
Relativist
Knower
Élite
Relativist
Knower
Knowledge
Knower
Élite
Élite
Knowledge

Insight
Purist
Doctrinal
Purist
Situational
Doctrinal
Doctrinal
Situational
Knower/no
Knower/no
Purist
Knower/no
Purist
Purist
Purist

Gaze
Trained/blank
Social
Cultivated
Born
Cultivated
Social
Born
Social
Social
Cultivated
Born
Born
Cultivated
Trained/blank

Starting at the Specialization code level, the disciplinary clusters once again present
several homologies. Education, Social Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Psychology
all agree that the contents of a research report are what makes it belong to their
disciplines. Simultaneously, they agree that the researcher behind the report does not
need to be a particular type of person for them to recognize the report as their own.
Judicial Sciences, Technology and Engineering, and Military present Knower codes,
meaning that they recognize research by the attributes of the producer, not necessarily
as much by the contents of the research. The Relativist codes of Humanities,
Administration and Public Sector, and ICT mean that they place less emphasis on both
contents and researcher attributes than the average. Finally, Commerce and Economy,
Natural Sciences, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences recognize research through
both the contents and the researcher’s personal attributes, due to their Élite codes.
These code homologies are quite different from those observed in the Subject (the
constitution of the field) and Researcher (the ideal habitus) arenas presented in chapter
8.2.1. In fact, only ICT retains the Relativist code through all four arenas (see Table
8.6 as well as Table 8.8 in chapter 8.2.3). For the three thus far treated arenas, only
Natural Sciences stay within their code, an Élite code, meaning that both contents and
personal attributes are important legitimating aspects. Judicial Sciences, Health and
Welfare, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences show differential codes in each of
the three arenas, meaning that their epistemic logics shift depending on the context.

80

Oliver Saal
For these disciplines, scientific practice in one area is not the same as that in another
area.
Taking the analysis further into the 4-K model, the results indicate that a few
disciplines stay homologous in the Product arena. Education and Psychology retain
their homology: both disciplines look at contents and methods and disregard the
producer’s learnt and innate attributes when recognizing research. Social Sciences, and
Health and Welfare focus on both contents and methods, but also regard the
achievements and experiences of the researcher. Finally, Commerce and Economy, and
Natural Sciences stay homologous as they focus on methods over contents, as well as
both researcher achievements and innate talents when recognizing research as their
own.
However, do these homologies hold on the level of the extended 4-K model? As each
4-K model sub-dimension has been operationalised into two extended sub-dimensions,
potential differences within these homologies ought to reveal themselves in differing
dimensional modalities. The full results of this extension are available in Appendix 5;
at this point, I will only treat those disciplines that were homologous in the above
analysis.
For the homology of Education and Psychology, the disciplines come to differ in what
they look at when they emphasize methods as a legitimating aspect. Both of the
disciplines focus on the number and quality of references, but where Education pays
less attention to the used methods, Psychology finds them more important than the
national average does.
Within the homology of Social Sciences and Health and Welfare, we find numerous
differences. Social Sciences pay less attention to the methods used and favour the
reference quality, while Health and Welfare does the opposite. Social Sciences also
care less for whether the researcher’s institution is high-prestige, but does emphasize
the quality of the researcher’s merits and achievements. Health and Welfare does the
opposite – the current institution is more important, and the achievements less so.
These results show that, while these two disciplines are homologous in the 4-K model,
the internal differences within these homologies.
81

Oliver Saal

Finally, the homology of Commerce and Economy, and Natural Sciences is similarly
different. Both emphasize the researcher’s institution as legitimating, but that in the
end of the homology. Commerce and Economy prefer the reference quality and deemphasize both methodology and researcher merits, while Natural Sciences does the
opposite. Once again, the internal differences of an apparent homology are stark.
Figures 8.6 and 8.7 show the relevant dimensional modalities plotted onto two separate
two-dimensional coordinate systems. Figure 8.6 shows Procedural Relations (PR,
emphasis on methods) against Object-Network Relations (ONR, emphasis on
reference quality), while Figure 8.7 shows Subject-Network Relations (SNR, emphasis
on the current institutional context of the researcher) and Experiential Relations (ExR,
emphasis on the researcher’s merits). As a reminder from chapter 4.5, PR and ONR
combine to produce Discursive Relations (an emphasis on modes of production), while
SNR and ExR combine as Interactional Relations (an emphasis on how the producer
has come to know their discipline).

Figure 8.6. PR and ONR, by Product code homologies.

82

Oliver Saal

Figure 8.7. SNR and ExR, by Product code homologies.
Viewing first Procedural Relations and Object-Network Relations, the minute
differences between 4-K model homologies seem to hold. However, it becomes clear
that Psychology may in fact be homologous to Health and Welfare. The two disciplines
are opposite in their emphasis on reference quality as a marker of legitimacy, but the
distance between them on the graph is small enough that it could be produced by a
statistical fluke. An independent-samples t-test confirms that they are not, in fact,
significantly different from one another.89
As for the relevance of researcher institutional affiliation (Subject-Network Relations,
SNR) and academic merits (Experiential Relations, ExR), the six disciplines seem to
diverge. However, independent-samples t-tests confirm that Psychology and Health
and Welfare are homologous on both the SNR90 and ExR91 dimensions. Thus, despite
that the codes presented earlier (see Table 8.6), it is more appropriate to conclude that
these two disciplines are, in fact, homologous.
What do these results entail? Firstly, most all homologies break down at the deepest
level of analysis, the extended 4-K model. This suggests that disciplinary clusters are,
practically and field-theoretically, distinct fields with their own logics of production.
The statistical homology between Psychology and Health and Welfare despite the non-

89

t = -.697, p = .487.
t = .537, p = .592
91
t = .721, p = .472
90

83

Oliver Saal
homology on a code level shows that a quantitative LCT analysis of homologies must
delve deep into the dimensions that produce the codes, instead of stopping at the
descriptive level. Since the cut-off point between two adjacent codes is always simply
zero, two seemingly different codes may lie close enough to each other for the code
difference to constitute a sampling error and thus might be hidden by the apparently
diverging codes.
Furthermore, the epistemic logics presented here bring a critical light onto potential
disciplinary cooperation: Social Sciences and Humanities, for instance, are often
closely intermingled, but it seems as if their logics of production differ. These code
differences could in fact be one of the reasons why cross-disciplinary cooperation may
prove to be difficult for some disciplinary pairs. The more the epistemic logics of two
disciplines differ, the harder it might be for practitioners to agree on the
epistemological base of their cooperative research.
However, the results suggest that such very stark differences do not present
themselves. The strongest possible differences would be between Élite codes and
Relativist codes, i.e. between disciplines that emphasize both contents and person, and
disciplines that emphasize neither. Similarly, the potential difference between
Knowledge codes and Knower codes – between emphasizing contents and
emphasizing personality – is a potential site for cooperative problems. However, none
of the disciplines in this dataset produces any of the strongest differences92 between
each other. This suggest that, while there are considerable differences between
disciplines, they need not be completely unsurpassable.93 Further research should
study, perhaps experimentally, the problems and possibilities of cooperation within
differing levels of code difference.

92

Situational insight and Social gaze vs. Doctrinal insight and Cultivated gaze; or Doctrinal insight
and Social gaze vs. Situational insight and Cultivated gaze. All other combinations of insights and
gazes have similarities on at least one dimension of the 4-K model.
93
In fact, this thesis does not attempt to draw a line between cooperation and unsurpassable
difference. Further research could attempt this, but I suspect that a hard line is difficult, if not
impossible, to draw, and that the possibilities of cooperation are determined by a complex system of
practical factors, of which epistemic logics are just one.

84

Oliver Saal
8.2.3. Extending the 4-K Model: The Field of Reproduction
The final arena, Grading, represents the field of reproduction – how the discipline
practices pedagogy. Here, hierarchical power relations come most strongly into play:
practitioners higher up in the power hierarchy have the capacity to decide on which
grounds to grade the students, whilst students have a comparatively lesser capacity to
affect the grade during and after evaluation. Students’ causal effect on the grade lies
primarily in the product they produce, as well as how well they conform to the
expectations of the practitioner. Table 8.7 shows these perceived expectations, in the
form of the code modalities, insights and gazes in the Grading arena.
Table 8.7. Grading legitimation codes by discipline.
Classification
Education
Humanities
Social Sciences
Commerce and Economy
Administration and Public Sector
Judicial Sciences
Natural Sciences
ICT
Technology and Engineering
Health and Welfare
Military
Sport Sciences
Veterinary Sciences
Psychology

Code
Knowledge
Knower
Élite
Élite
Élite
Élite
Knower
Relativist
Knower
Élite
Knower
Élite
Knowledge
Knowledge

Insight
Purist
Doctrinal
Purist
Situational
Purist
Purist
Knower/no
Knower/no
Knower/no
Purist
Situational
Purist
Purist
Doctrinal

Gaze
Trained/blank
Social
Born
Born
Born
Born
Social
Trained/blank
Born
Social
Born
Born
Cultivated
Trained/blank

Once again, there are a sizeable number of homologies on the Specialization plane.
Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial
Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Sport Sciences all present Élite codes. This means
that these students expect to be graded both on the contents of their text, and on who
they are as people. Only ICT presents the opposite, a Relativist code, and thus deemphasizes the relevance of both contents and personality in grading. Education,
Veterinary Sciences, and Psychology students expect to be graded more on the contents
of their text than on their personalities, and Humanities, Natural Sciences, and
Technology and Engineering expect the opposite. Of all these homologies, the Élite
code homology holds for most of the disciplines on the level of the 4-K model: Social
Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences and Sport Sciences all
85

Oliver Saal
emphasize content, methodology, personal achievements and innate abilities in their
grading expectations. Once again, it bears keeping in mind that these emphases and
de-emphases are relative to the average – the results do not mean that these disciplines
would completely disregard certain aspects in grading, only that they believe them to
have a lesser effect on the final grade of the text.
These results stand in stark contrast to the previous Product legitimation codes. Where
Social Sciences, and Administration and Public Sector presented differing codes, they
have now converged into the strongest possible Élite code modalities – everything
matters when being graded. As mentioned in chapter 8.2.2, only ICT keeps the same
Specialization code throughout all four arenas – and even then, there are some
differences. For ICT, the field itself as well as the logic of grading de-emphasizes the
person, while the ideal researcher and recognition of relevant tech research emphasizes
the innate abilities of the researcher. In fact, when comparing within-subject code,
insight, and gaze homologies across the arenas, it seems as if the disciplines present
two generally coherent sets of modalities: one for the Subject and Researcher arenas,
and one for the Product and Grading arenas.94
Viewing the four homologous disciplines of Social Sciences, Administration and
Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, and Sport Sciences, there are differences within each
insight and gaze – but, surprisingly, one consistent result. Social Sciences and Judicial
Sciences both experience that having a positive relationship with the grader is
important (stronger Subject-Network Relations, SNR+), but you need not have
particular experiences in order to get a good grade (weaker Experiential Relations,
ExR-). Administration and Public Sector believes the opposite. Sport Sciences shows
a third modality, where both are important. However, all four disciplines emphasize
the number and quality of references (stronger Object-Network Relations, ONR+).
They instead differ in their Procedural Relations (PR), with Social Sciences as well as
Administration and Public Sector de-emphasizing the choice of methods while
Judicial Sciences and Sport Sciences believe it to be more important. This result is one
of the few suggesting a partial homology on the third-order level: all four subjects

94

I will discuss this apparent result more in chapter 9.

86

Oliver Saal
seem to view the number and quality of academic sources as partially indicative of
high essay or thesis grades.
Once again, in order to establish the quantitative homology, Figures 8.8 and 8.9
present the relevant four extended dimensions for each homologous subject.

Figure 8.8. PR and ONR, by Grading code homologies.

Figure 8.9. SNR and ExR, by Grading code homologies.
Plotting PR and ONR on a two-dimensional coordinate system seems to confirm the
rigidity of their respective modalities. All four disciplines emphasize the number and
quality of sources (ONR+) and the distance from the zero line seems to suggest a
significant difference. However, Figure 8.9 suggests that only Administration and
Public Sector is distinctly non-zero on the ExR dimension – that is, distinctly different
from the mean when it comes to the student’s prior academic achievements. The three
87

Oliver Saal
other disciplines hover close to the zero line. Independent-sample t-tests show that
none of these three disciplines differs significantly from one another in terms of ExR
strength.95 It is unclear whether they are all ExR+ or ExR- (whether they emphasize
or de-emphasize experiences), but it is at least clear that they are homologous on this
dimension. Similarly, Figure 8.9 suggests that Social Sciences and Administration and
Public Sector may not be significantly different in terms of how they judge the personal
relationship with the grader to affect their grade – a t-test confirms this homology.96
Thus, I conclude that the question of statistical homology remains unclear for the
Grading arena. Disciplinary clusters seem to differ on the level of the extended 4-K
model, but the differences may be minute enough to be caused by sampling error.
There is also the possibility that the extended version goes deep enough that all
observed differences and similarities are weak and relatively small. I discuss the
theoretical consequences of this in chapter 9.
8.2.4. Summary: A Field of Differences, but Minute Such
This sub-chapter has concerned the similarities and differences of academic disciplines
in terms of legitimation codes. Because of its extensive nature, a short summary is in
order, before moving on to the causes of these differences.
Chapter 8.2.1 concerned the Subject and Researcher arenas, i.e. how students perceive
the logics of their subject fields and what they perceive to be the ideal habitus. For the
Subject arena, I found that no academic subject presents a Knower code, which would
entail an emphasis on researcher attributes and de-emphasis of research contents. This
contradicts prior results, but I argued that the contradiction could be because the
Finnish academic field simply differs from other national contexts. The data presented
many homologies at the Specialization level, mostly grouped into Relativist and Élite
codes. A Relativist code de-emphasizes both the researcher and the research, while an
Élite code emphasizes both. A similar result occurred in the Researcher arena, though
some subjects code-switched from the more ‘extreme’ Relativist and Élite codes to
Knower and Knowledge codes, respectively. I thus concluded that code-switches
95
96

Absolute t’s < .340, p’s > .73.
t = .266, p = .791.

88

Oliver Saal
between the field logic and the ideal habitus, whenever they do occur, mostly seem to
occur on only one dimension of the 4-K model. Interestingly, the chapter showed how
Psychology has diverged from Social Sciences in both arenas, moving closer into the
territory of Natural Sciences and other Élite-coded disciplines. However, once the
analysis delved deeper into the 4-K model, the observed total homologies broke down,
leading me to conclude that observing differences between subjects is contingent both
on the precision of the model and the choice of arena.
Chapters 8.2.2 and 8.2.3 concerned the Product and Grading arenas, respectively. The
Product arena represents the field of production, i.e. the social space where new
knowledge is made, and the Grading arena the field of reproduction, i.e. the social
space of pedagogy. Here too, I found homologies – albeit very different from those of
the Subject and Researcher arenas. This result supports the argument that practices
should be located in their specific field contexts, instead of totalized across the entire
disciplinary field (see chapter 4), and contradicts my hypothesis that legitimation codes
do not differ across the arena of struggle. Some homologies between disciplines
seemed to hold even on the second-order level of the 4-K model, but most fell apart
by the time of the third-order comparisons. However, differences in the extended 4-K
model were minute, and often non-significant. This suggests that, if the respondents
understood the wording of the survey similarly and if the sample is suggestive of
generalisation, the extension of the 4-K model may be enough to find even the minutest
differences between subject logics. Furthermore, some disciplines presented
homologies when viewed on a statistical level, but not on a code level, suggesting that
LCT analysis works best when the dimensions are viewed as spectra instead of
dichotomies.
If there is a single conclusion to be drawn from these results, it is this: academic
disciplines do seem to differ in their knowledge-practical logics, but the differences
are not as massive as may be portrayed by polemics about the ‘culture wars’ or ‘hard
versus soft sciences’. However, establishing these differences and similarities is highly
contingent on methodological choices and results, such as how representative the
sample is, and on the theoretical level of distinction made possible in the
operationalisations. The following chapter diverges from this discussion of

89

Oliver Saal
disciplinary similarity and focuses instead on temporal similarity: do student
legitimation codes differ along their time at university, and if, how?

8.3. Internal and External Legitimating Forces
This chapter concerns the effects of internal and external forces on legitimation codes
as potential causal explanations of the epistemic differences. Are the observed
differences caused by the education, the student’s social background, or something
else?
8.3.1. Temporality in University Socialization
Are there differences in legitimation codes between newly admitted students and
students who have already begun their incorporation of the university values? In other
words, what is the archetypal freshman’s legitimation code, and does it differ from
other codes?
The primary measure for time at university in this thesis is that of completed credits in
the major subject. However, as mentioned in chapter 7.1, this measure unfortunately
seems to have been misinterpreted by several respondents. Instead of reporting major
subject credits, they seem to have reported total credits in their degrees. Because my
supposition is that the context of university incorporation affects which legitimation
codes are incorporated, it would have been important to view major subject credit
counts instead of total. A student has usually completed several courses in another
subject, e.g. a minor subject or compulsory introductory courses, which would
presumably have a different effect of incorporation on them than their major subject.97

97

Note that this does mean that simply viewing major subjects as forming the student’s epistemic
logic is technically speaking incorrect from the get-go. However, an analysis of the social world
requires analytical simplifications – the full complexity of epistemic logics cannot be adequately
caught in a ’short’ quantitative master’s thesis. This time, the simplification is that I assume that the
major subject has the largest internal effect on epistemic logics, to the point that other internal effects
are negligible. Similarly, the operationalisation of time at university as completed major credits is
comparatively weak. One could, and further research should, use multiple operationalisations, e.g.
starting year or number of completed semesters. Compromises have to be made in research, and
unfortunately, my measure of time is lacking at this time.

90

Oliver Saal

However, all is not lost. Because a freshman still has completed very few credits, the
lower end of the credit scale works as a proxy for completed credits. Therefore, I have
chosen to compare the students with 0-30 credits and the students with more than 30
credits – approximately comparable to less than and more than a year of studies,98
respectively. Table 8.8 shows the resulting codes, insights, and gazes for both temporal
groups by arena of practice, and Figure 8.10 shows the Specialization dimension
values visually.
Table 8.8 Specialization codes, insights, and gazes of freshmen and non-freshmen, by
arena of practice.
Field
Subject
Researcher
Product
Grading

Time
< 1 yr.
> 1 yr.
< 1 yr.
> 1 yr.
< 1 yr.
> 1 yr.
< 1 yr.
> 1 yr.

Code
Knowledge
Knower
Knower
Knowledge
Élite
Relativist
Relativist
Élite

Insight
Purist
Knower/no
Situational
Doctrinal
Purist
Situational
Situational
Doctrinal

Gaze
Social
Cultivated
Born
Trained/blank
Born
Trained/blank
Social
Cultivated

Viewing just the codes in Table 8.8, the differences are stark. In every arena of
practice, freshmen switch relations after having completed 30 credits. The observed
two sets of legitimation codes in chapter 8.2.3 – Subject-Researcher and ProductGrading – are here distinctly differentiated, with the starkest code differences existing
in the Product and Grading arenas. In fact, both freshmen and non-freshmen present
all four possible Specialization codes across the spectrum, and always the opposite
code to the other temporal group. For instance, freshmen expect that neither the
contents of their essays nor their personality affects their grades (a Relativist code in
the Grading arena), while non-freshmen transition to expecting that both have an effect
(an Élite code). Interestingly, there are no homologies on the 4-K level, with both
temporal groups presenting different insights and gazes in each field of practice.

98

Presuming that freshmen also take introductory courses not necessarily in line with their major
subject, e.g. language courses or courses related to study technique.

91

Oliver Saal

Figure 8.10. Specialization code strengths of freshmen and non-freshmen, by arena
of practice.
However, Figure 8.10 shows that the differences are quite minute, and often hovering
near the mean sample values of Epistemic Relations (ER, legitimation through the
contents of the research) and Social Relations (SR, legitimation through the attributes
of the researcher). I thus conducted independent-sample t-tests for each pair of ER and
SR values by temporal group, to see if the differences are significant. As it turns out,
the only significances are those of ER in the Subject arena99 and SR in the Product
arena.100 All other differences are non-significant, leading me to conclude that
freshmen and non-freshmen do not, in fact, differ in their legitimation codes in the

99

t = 2.001, p = .046.
t = 2.826, p = .005.

100

92

Oliver Saal
other arenas of practice. This is, however, an unexpected result. I discuss these results
and why they might be methodologically caused in more detail later, in chapter 9.2.
Digging deeper into these tests, the difference in Subject Epistemic Relations seems
to be produced by a difference in Discursive Relations (DR),101 and the Product Social
Relations difference is caused by Interactional Relations (IR).102 When it comes to the
constitution of the field, freshmen take a different approach to the relevancy of
methods than non-freshmen, and when recognizing research objects as being relevant
for their disciplines, freshmen approach researcher merits differently than nonfreshmen. For the difference in the Product arena, Subjective Relations is marginally
significantly different,103 suggesting that questions of the innate skills of the researcher
might also come into play. The observed differences are worthy of discussion.
What could these differences entail? Firstly, freshmen place relatively more emphasis
on methodological concerns in the Subject arena (DR+) compared to non-freshmen.
One possible explanation for this is a de-mystifying process occurring through
university socialization. Freshmen might have different conceptions of how science is
‘done’, which gradually change as they become acquainted with their disciplines.
Because freshmen do not have the university experience that non-freshmen do, this
difference in conception ought to have originated from outside the university. One
would therefore assume that freshmen with highly educated parents in the freshman’s
discipline would not show this difference in DR. Unfortunately, as my dataset does
not contain the educational fields of the respondents’ parents, I am unable to test this
assumption.
Freshmen also seem to place more emphasis on the researcher’s affiliations and group
memberships (IR+) than non-freshmen when evaluating a research report.
Simultaneously, freshmen also might emphasize the relative importance of innate
talents of the researcher more so than non-freshmen (SubR+). Interpreting both results
together, freshmen – and, in extension, those having only recently gained access to the
university culture – might present a stronger process of scientific othering than non-

101

t = 2.750, p = .006.
t = 2.557, p = .011.
103
t = 1.806, p = .071.
102

93

Oliver Saal
freshmen. This would mean that freshmen see science less as diverse and complex,
and more as a caricature. Due to their unfamiliarity with the procedures and
practicalities of scientific endeavour, freshmen might interpret researchers through
archetypes, viewing them less as individual subjects and more as representatives of a
monolithic process of science. This interpretation, however, is very speculative and by
no means definite. Further research could view the ways in which freshmen describe
scientists and science: if the above interpretation holds true, there should be a strong
coherence in the proverbial picture freshmen paint of the scientist. A process of
scientific othering would show itself as archetypes painted with broad strokes, while a
person presenting less of this othering would understand the diversity and complexity
of scientific fields to a greater extent.
One interesting result is that the two temporal groups do not differ significantly in
Specialization codes in the Grading arena.104 This means that the perceptions of how
practitioners grade the students’ essays or theses do not change as the students are
socialized into the disciplines’ epistemological cultures. This is perhaps surprising.
One would expect that the logics of grading change in university, with practitioners
placing less emphasis on learning by the book and more emphasis on creative scientific
production. Even if a change in grading logic occurs, the students do not seem to
recognize it. Perceptions of grading are an important part of university socialization,
as they function as concrete indicators for students as to what the university culture
expects. However, it seems as though the students expect the same educational culture
for university as for other levels of education.
8.3.2. Aging or Disciplinary Differences? Controlling Temporality for Disciplinary
Membership
From the previous chapter, a new question arises: do these observed differences in
Subject arena Epistemic Relations (ER) and Product arena Social Relations (SR)
values hold across all disciplines, or are they produced by a limited number of
diverging subjects? I conducted one-way ANOVAs with variance homogeneity tests
for each subject classification, but a word of warning is in order: because of the small

104

ER: t = -0.748, p = .455; SR: t = -0.106, p = .916.

94

Oliver Saal
sample size, dividing the dataset up into both subject classifications and temporal
groups results in very small group sizes. This makes the results highly unstable, so
they should not be interpreted definitively. Nonetheless, a few culprits were found for
each Specialization dimension scale. For Subject ER, the only significant difference is
for Education.105 For Product SR, significant differences are found for Commerce and
Economy106 and Psychology.107 Note however, that due to the small group sizes,
variance homogeneity was not calculable for Commerce and Economy – thus, the
resulting significant ANOVA should be very cautiously interpreted, if at all.
These results preliminarily suggest that time at university, as measured by number of
completed credits, is not a significant predictor of LCT dimensions. Because the
relationship disappears when controlling for disciplinary clusters in all but a few
clusters, I conclude that they are caused by the discipline itself, not the temporal length
of socialization. In order to test this supposition, I conducted two separate multiple
ANOVAs,108 one for each significant LCT dimension (Epistemic Relations and Social
Relations), containing both the time at university and discipline, and their interaction.
Both models are significant.109 The Subject ER model explains 8.0 % of the total
variation when corrected for the number of variables and categories, and the Product
SR model explains 4.0 %.
For the Subject model, the above presumption holds. Disciplinary membership is a
significant predictor of ER strength,110 while time at university is non-significant,111
suggesting that time at university does not change legitimation code strengths when
the effect of the different disciplinary legitimation codes is controlled for. Being a
freshman is not a significant predictor.112 Every discipline, however, is significantly
related to the Subject ER strength.113 Membership in any discipline raises the ER
105

F(1, 41) = 16.835, p < .001.
F(1, 16) = 10.232, p = .006.
107
F(1, 54) = 5.979, p = .018.
108
One could also use multiple regression with dummy variables, the MCA method, or any other
number of methods. I have chosen multiple ANOVA mostly due to my relative knowledge with it. For
a discussion on why these methods essentially produce the same outcomes, see e.g. Lolle (2008).
109 Subject ER
p
< .001, pProduct SR = .007.
110 2
η = 0.070, p < .001.
111 2
η = 0.003, p = .215.
112 2
η = 0.000, p = .933.
113 2
η ’s [0.011, 0.071], p’s < .016.
106

95

Oliver Saal
strength, with students in Judicial Sciences having the largest coefficient, meaning that
they have the highest levels of Epistemic Relations when compared to the other
disciplines (b = 1.643). Interestingly, freshmen in Education have a marginally
significant coefficient.114 If this result is not caused by a sampling error, Education
freshmen have a slightly higher level of Subject ER than their older counterparts.
Overall, however, time at university is not significantly related to Subject ER strengths
– this previously apparent relationship is caused by disciplinary membership.115
For the Product SR model, the results are somewhat different. Both discipline116 and
time at university117 are significant predictors of Social Relations strength. However,
being a freshman is not a significant predictor,118 suggesting that the temporal effect
only comes into play for older students. Whenever there is variation among freshmen,
it is caused by the discipline, but older students have systematically different
legitimation code strengths because of their time at university. Of the disciplines, only
military students have a significant coefficient119 (b = 0.545). All other subjects are
non-significant.120 This result suggests that time at university significantly changes the
strengths of students’ Product Social Relations dimension, but that freshmen do not
present a unified code strength. Time at university changes how students perceive the
importance of researcher attributes for recognizing a research report, but freshmen are
‘all over the place’ in this logic. Furthermore, few of the academic subjects have a
significant effect, signalling that the observed changes in Product SR seem to be
caused by something else.
The above results suggest that time at university plays a minor role in determining
LCT codes but is overshadowed by the differences arising from the student’s
discipline. However, due to small sample sizes and weak validity of the survey
instrument, I hesitate to place any major emphasis on these results. More robust tests
of temporal incorporation should be conducted to more accurately study if and how
114

η2 = 0.007, p = .056.
However, as the model only explains 8.0 % of the variance, neither disciplinary membership nor
time at university explain the full extent of the different legitimation codes on their own. 92 % of the
differences are still left unexplained.
116 2
η = 0.047, p = .029.
117 2
η = 0.020, p = .001.
118 2
η = 0.001, p = .483.
119 2
η = 0.011, p = .017
120 2
η ’s [0.000, 0.006], p’s > .088.
115

96

Oliver Saal
legitimation codes change by time at university. Prior research has identified changes
in personal epistemology during the students’ time at Finnish university (cf. KaartinenKoutaniemi, 2009), so I would be hesitant to conclude conflicting results.
8.3.3. External Effects: Social Background
In order to operationalise social background, I have chosen to conduct two separate
analyses, on levels of parental education and minority membership. The distinctions
for the first analysis are derived directly from the survey: respondents were asked to
report the highest educational achievements of their parent(s).121 Since the question
included a write-in option, I manually recoded these to fit correct categories whenever
applicable – e.g. a written answer of ‘PhD’ was recoded to ‘Post-gradual degree’. Each
level of education (see survey in Appendix 1) was coded as a single variable, with 1
representing having a parent with that educational background, and 0 representing not
having one.
The minority membership variable needs to be elaborated upon. Minority membership
can be hard to define, especially since the very definition of ‘minority’ varies
depending on the social theory one starts from. I have chosen to define ‘minority’ as a
group which lacks power in Finnish society compared to another group on the same
social axis. Since this definition can be quite subjective, I have opted to present the
categorisations below in Table 8.9.

121

The minimum number of choices was one, and there was no maximum.

97

Oliver Saal
Table 8.9. Social minority groups in survey.
Social axis
Gender
Ethnic
origin122

Language

Sexual
orientation

Disability

Minorities
Non-binary
Other Nordic country
Other European country
The Americas
Asia
Africa
Oceania
Other
English
Swedish
Nordic language
European language
Other
Gay
Bisexual, pansexual
Asexual
Unsure
Other
Maybe
Yes

Majority
Male
Female
Finland

Finnish

Straight

No

All missing responses and refusals to answer were excluded from analysis. I calculated
a final dichotomous variable, where respondents with no minority group membership
were marked as 0 and those in at least one group were marked as 1. This resulted in
257 majority group members (49.4 %) and 263 minority members (50.6 %). The fact
that the minorities very slightly outnumber the majority should not be surprising.
Firstly, as mentioned earlier, minority status is defined along axes of social power, not
plurality, and secondly, the large number of possible minority groups entailed that, of
all respondents, 37.5 % belonged to only one minority group – the greatest amount of
minority group memberships for a single respondent was four.
8.3.4. Parental Educational Level
I conducted a multiple ANOVA with all eight Epistemic Relations (ER, what the
knowledge product is) and Social Relations (SR, who the producer is) scales from the
122

This variable could perhaps better be termed ’geographical origin’. The validity of such a dull
instrument for measuring ethnicity is low, but as I will only be analysing the responses in terms of
whether respondents belong to one or more minorities, I deem it accurate enough in the grand scheme
of things. The validity could, however, be improved in future surveys.

98

Oliver Saal
four arenas of practice as dependent variables, and the four levels of parental education
as independent variables. The results are shown in Table 8.10 below.
Table 8.10. MANOVA of parental educational level on Specialization dimensions
across four arenas of practice.
Pillai’s Trace
Variable
V
p
(Constant)
0.016
.462
Compulsory education
0.025
.138
High school
0.019
.290
University
0.025
.136
Post-gradual education
0.033
.033*
* p < .05. Box’s M = 345.577, p = .057, ns.
The MANOVA shows that only parental post-gradual education – licentiate and
doctoral degrees – produces a significant difference across all eight levels of ER and
SR. This entails that, taken as a whole, other levels of education do not affect
legitimation codes among the students. However, since this is a large-scale omnibus
test, the results do not show where these differences lie.123 Figure 8.11 below shows a
graph of the ER and SR scales, contrasting students with one post-gradual parent or
more against those with none. The figure suggests that the differences in LCT
dimension strengths primarily lie on the Subject SR and Product ER scales – all others
seem to hover very close to one another. For Subject SR, students with post-gradual
parents are less inclined to consider the researcher’s personal attributes when
determining the shape of the field than students with no post-gradual parents. For
Product ER, students with post-gradual parents emphasize the shape of the knowledge
product more than other students.
However, these differences are minute. I followed this up by t-testing these two
dimensions. The tests showed that, despite their apparent difference, neither Subject
SR124 nor Product ER125 differ significantly between students with doctoral parents
and students without ones.

123

More detailed analyses could be done, but as one goes deeper into the axes of differences, one also
increases the risk of Type I errors. This thesis already does a fair number of t-tests and other Type I
error-increasing tests, which is why I have opted to avoid detailed analyses as much as possible.
124
t = 0.956, p = .339.
125
t = -1.239, p = .216.

99

Oliver Saal

Figure 8.11. Specialization code strengths by parental post-gradual education.
While this result may seem contradictory at first glance, I believe the reason to be
simple. Having one or more parents with a doctoral degree is not a significant predictor
of any one LCT dimension. However, when viewing all dimensions, it is. This entails
that there are minute differences arising from the students’ parental backgrounds
which cannot be analysed separately. These differences must be viewed as the
complete student habitus. Something seems to happen in the habitus of students with
high parental educational backgrounds, but the exact changes and mechanisms are
unclear – as are the potential consequences.

100

Oliver Saal
8.3.5. Minority Group Membership
The other aspect of external systems of explanation analysed in this thesis is that of
minority membership. As mentioned above in chapter 8.3.3, I constructed a
dichotomous variable signalling if a student was a member of one or more minorities.
This variable was then analysed in a multiple ANOVA against all eight LCT scales,
presented below in Table 8.12.
Table 8.11. MANOVA of minority group membership on Specialization dimensions
across four arenas of practice.
Pillai’s Trace
Variable
V
p
(Constant)
0.002
.999
Minority
0.014
.554
Box’s M = 60.673, p = .008**.
At first glance, these results suggest that minority group membership does not have a
significant effect on the eight Specialization scales when taken together. However,
Box’s test of covariance matrix equality is significant, and half of the LCT scales
showed signs of unequal variances. The multiple ANOVA may thus be biased.
Furthermore, when I viewed the descriptive statistics for each dimension, it seemed as
if minorities often had more negative code strengths than majority group students.
Thus, I plotted each arena’s two Specialization dimensions – the results, seen below
in Figure 8.12, seem to suggest a slight difference.

101

Oliver Saal

Figure 8.12. Specialization code strengths by minority group membership.

It seems as if there are, in fact, differences between members of minority and majority
groups. These differences seem to be mainly focused on the Subject Epistemic
Relations (ER, how important the content of the discipline is for defining its
boundaries) and Grading Social Relations (SR, how important the student’s personal
attributes are when being graded on an essay or thesis) scales. However, t-tests do not
strictly support this observation: neither Subject ER126 nor Grading SR127 are
significant, though the latter is approaching significance. This means that the observed
divergence is small enough to have been caused by a bias in the sampling.

126
127

t = 1.612, p = .107.
t = 1.956, p = .051.

102

Oliver Saal
Because these results are close to significant, I opted to run four separate multiple
ANOVA analyses for each arena of practice, using the 4-K dimensions instead of the
top-level Specialization dimensions. The full results of these are shown in Table 8.13
below.
Table 8.12. MANOVAs of minority group membership on 4-K dimensions, by arena
of practice.
Subject
Researchera
Product
Gradingb
Variable
V
p
V
p
V
p
V
p
(C)
0.004
.767
0.001
.979
0.003
.800
0.001
.954
Minority 0.025 .012* 0.027 .008** 0.006
.551
0.018 .056†
** p < .01, * p < .05, † p < .1.
a
Box’s M = 16.524, p = .089. Mean and trimmed mean variance heterogeneity for OR
scale, p’s < .039.
b
Box’s M = 18.710, p = .046. Variance heterogeneity for DR and IR scales, p’s < .043.
In the Subject arena, minority students show significantly different 4-K dimension
scores than their majority counterparts. Majority students present stronger Ontic
Relations128 than their minority counterparts, meaning that they emphasize the
contents of the research as constitutive of the field more so than minorities do. In the
Product arena, they do not differ significantly. While the Researcher and Grading arena
tests suggest bias, they also suggest some slight differences between minority and
majority students: majority students present stronger Subjective Relations in the
Researcher arena129 and stronger Interactional Relations in the Grading arena130 as
compared to minority students. This means that majority students place more emphasis
on the ideal researcher’s personal attributes and on the student’s educational
experiences when these students are being graded. Taken as a whole, these results
seem to suggest that minority students present weaker relations in almost all arenas of
practice than their majority counterparts – in other words, they tend towards the
Relativist end of the Specialization plane to a greater degree than majority students do.
For minorities, the epistemic logic of their fields might be more laisses-faire than for
the majority.

128

b = 0.211, t = 2.802, p = .005.
b = 0.168, t = 2.559, p = .039.
130
b = 0.163, t = 2.581, p = .010.
129

103

Oliver Saal

9. Results and Discussion
The main topic of this thesis has been the epistemic logics of Finnish academic
disciplines as perceived by their students. I chose to view this topic from a fieldtheoretical standpoint, considering the epistemic requirements of disciplines as
constituted in the habitus of the students. Using Legitimation Code Theory, I have tried
to understand the epistemic logics of each discipline, delving deeper and deeper into
field homologies in order to find the axes along which academic subjects might differ.

9.1. Summarising the Results: Many Sciences, Many Logics
One could summarise the results of this study in one short sentence: students learn
different epistemic logics, logics for how to legitimate knowledge, depending on the
context of the knowledge practice and their disciplines. As the notion of the
Legitimation Device and the resulting arena of struggle suggests, legitimation codes
might not match up across all possible practice fields within any given discipline. In
fact, the results showed that the Subject and Researcher arenas – representing the field
logics and the ideal habitus, respectively – seem homologous for most disciplines. That
is, they portray similar epistemic logics, despite being different practical contexts.
Meanwhile, the Product and Grading arenas – representing the fields of production
and reproduction, respectively – presented their own homology that was different from
the Subject and Researcher legitimation codes. This lends credibility to the idea that
the fields created by the arena of struggle are ruled by separate logics, and thus
disproves my hypothesis that legitimation codes do not differ between fields of
practice. Based on this result, academic disciplines ought to better be understood as a
collection of practical logics, rather than coherent unities or cultures.
The results also showed that Finnish university disciplines diverge from each other in
epistemic logics. Some disciplines emphasize contents, methods, researcher merits,
and researcher attributes – some de-emphasize all of these. Between these two
extremes, most all other combinations of epistemic emphasis and de-emphasis were
observed. What, if any, conclusions can be drawn from this? Firstly and perhaps most
104

Oliver Saal
cogently: Finnish science is not a monolith, science is not science is not science.
Scientific disciplines differ in their epistemologies, in how they determine scientific
truth. Just because some disciplines such as administrative studies would find the
importance of the researcher’s social memberships rather absurd, does not mean that
all of science does so.
Secondly, the observed differences are not like those of scientific stereotypes. The
natural sciences are not inhumane, cold and rational sciences, but instead an élite group
who gate keep both the topics of research and the types of researchers, as compared to
the Finnish mean. Psychology is not like social sciences – in fact, they could not be
more different. Psychology is very strict with the shapes and types of both subjects
and objects of study, while the social sciences adopt a more laissez-faire attitude.
There are many more such differences and similarities between disciplines – these
constitute only a few stark differences between stereotype and empirical reality.
There is one peculiar observation regarding the spread of legitimation codes and the
sites of difference. Counting the number of observed codes, insights, and gazes, it
seems as if the legitimation codes of the Finnish university field tend toward the
extremes. Most codes are either Relativist – de-emphasizing both contents and
researchers – or Élite – emphasizing both – and a similar pattern holds in the more
detailed analyses. If a given knowledge field was highly internally coherent, one would
expect only minor deviations from the mean. This seems not to be the case with Finnish
academia. One could also ask whether these deviations from the mean are
comparatively large or small. In other words, is Finnish academia more or less
differentiated than other national contexts? Unfortunately, determining such is outside
the scope of the data used in this thesis.
When analysing the differences between seemingly homologous disciplines, it became
clear that potential knowledge-practical differences are always observed in the middle
of the analytical model. The difference between two homologous disciplines in this
sample is always in Interactional Relations (the importance of the researcher’s merits)
or Discursive Relations (the importance of methodology), never in Subjective
Relations (the importance of the researcher’s attributes) or Ontic Relations (the
importance of the ontology of the knowledge product). Considering this result in
105

Oliver Saal
comparison with the tendency for differentiation of legitimation codes, the results
suggest that the Finnish academic field is differentiated, but that these differences
always constitute ‘minor’ questions of methodology or academic achievements. These
questions are ‘minor’, because difference is never observed within the major
philosophical questions of what the research object or who the researcher is. In other
words, the ontological base of Finnish academia seems coherent and unified, while the
real disciplinary differences concern epistemology. This, however, only holds for
those disciplines who are homologous in every other aspect – this does not suggest
that all academic disciplines follow the same ontologies of practice. Academia is
differentiated into schools of thought, just not perhaps as starkly as a first analysis
would suggest. Again, a comparative study could help shed light on whether this
differentiation is the norm of or an exception in general academia.
I have also sought to understand the relation between internal and external explanatory
forces. I operationalised the internal forces – admittedly very bluntly – as the temporal
length of university socialization, measured as the number of completed study credits.
The results showed that time at university does not directly relate to which epistemic
logics the students attain. However, the simple observation that disciplines do differ,
both code-theoretically and numerically, shows that there might be internal differencemaking processes. Something within the disciplines still causes a divergence of
epistemic logics – a simple measure of time is just not enough to understand it.
In turn, the external forces were here conceived as socio-educational background and
minority group membership. Parental education was only a significant producer of
difference in epistemic logics for students with one or more parents with doctoral-level
degrees, and even then, the significant differences could not be attributed to a single
code dimension. Instead, the high educational background seems to produce an
emergent difference in the totality of knowledge practices.131 High education changes
the full logic significantly, but does not create change attributable to single factors.
Minority group membership did not seem to cause real difference in epistemic logics,
but the statistical tests used were biased and therefore unreliable. However, there still
seems to be some form of variability related to social power. If this variability is not
131

As measured here, using the extended 4-K model; since there are still four other LCT dimensions,
the full extent of the emergence effect is yet unclear.

106

Oliver Saal
produced by sampling error or random chance, the question of causality remains.
Further research ought to describe the perceptions minority group members have of
scientific disciplines, to see if any common pattern occurs. As the results are
inconclusive, but leaning towards a non-relation, I would hesitate to call this a pressing
matter.

9.2. Interpreting the Results: A Diverging Taxonomy with Unclear Causality
What could the divergence of disciplinary legitimation codes entail? Students seem to
use different logics for determining the shape of their disciplinary field compared to
how they attribute knowledge products to their field. Theoretically, this result can be
extended to suggest that students attribute epistemic capital to knowledge products
according to a different logic than how they ascribe capital to agents. Students have a
conception of what their discipline is, and use this conception to ascertain legitimacy
in the field. However, they also have a conception of who is a ‘good researcher’, and
they use this at times diverging conception to ascertain the legitimacy of practitioners.
In other words, ‘good research’ is produced by different rules compared to a ‘good
researcher’. This divergence could entail a need for pedagogical practices that
emphasize the difference between products and people – or, at the very least, realize
that university socialization entails both learning rules of practice and of conduct.
Consider, for instance, the social sciences: students perceive the field itself to have
weak requirements for both knowledge products and their producers. Similarly, both
the types of research and the type of researcher only weakly define the ideal social
scientist. However, when asked to recognize a social-scientific knowledge product, all
of a sudden both contents and methods become increasingly important. Similarly,
students perceive that they are being graded on both product contents and their
personal characters.132 This is but one of many examples of divergence, which further

132

Perhaps rather unsurprisingly, this calls into question the pedagogical purpose of grading.
Considering that grading is simultaneously an application of a power dynamic between the student
and the teacher, the perception that students are also being graded on both content and character
implies a form of social control. Whether or not that is necessary, or morally acceptable, this
controlling of the socialization process should perhaps exist only if students are aware that they are
being socialized into a specific disciplinary habitus.

107

Oliver Saal
supports the interpretation that disciplines are not internally coherent, but instead form
a collection of context-specific, at times perhaps even paradoxical, logics of practice.
I have not tested the relative significance of internal and external factors and how they
could combine to produce differential knowledge practices. I would argue that it is
conceivable that certain combinations of internal and external factors could produce
emergent knowledge practices not attributable to either aspect. Perhaps members of
minorities follow different processes of socialization because of their complex
histories of social power hierarchies. I am unfortunately unable to test this, seeing as
the instrument for measuring time at university presented low overall validity. Another
point to make is that it is highly likely that the tested factors in this thesis constitute
only a minor part of all possible difference-making attributes. For instance, an article
recently published by Yle tells how students of colour at the University of Helsinki
reacted differently to the practiced pedagogy than their non-racialized peers
(Toivonen, 2020). This would be an example of where minority group membership
differentially affects knowledge practices when encountering particular pedagogic
practices. Despite that the contents of the socialization is the same for each student,
racialized students have (or have to have) different strategies when dealing with new
epistemic logics.
The question of temporality in difference making is particularly interesting. Prior
research has identified time at university as a significant factor in university
socialization, and even Bourdieusian field theory would expect time to be of utmost
significance. The habitus is a system of long lasting, but not constant, dispositions.
Since university socialization happens through practical pedagogy – the student learns
a new system of reality through repetitively being exposed to the subject’s
epistemological culture in lessons and lectures – it requires time in order to affect
change in the habitus. Though I concluded that the relation between time and
legitimation code changes is caused by differences between disciplines, a more
nuanced analysis using more valid measures of temporality is needed. What are the
exact processes of epistemological action and reaction that (may) bring about habitus
change? How does the socialization process develop? This does not entail a fallingback into a deterministic social-law system of analysis, but that we need more in-depth
research into the particularities of academic socialization.
108

Oliver Saal
9.3. Meta-Theoretical Results: The Ups and Downs of Numbers
The very first research question of this thesis concerned whether LCT is a powerful
framework for understanding knowledge practices. Considering the results, is this the
case? Yes and no, I would argue.
Whilst the quantitative application of LCT has proven useful for understanding the
epistemic relations with the university field, its main weaknesses are both the numbers
and the theory. As has become clear, quantitative research cannot fully explain
differences. Trying to atomize the relation between parental educational background
and legitimation codes, for instance, proved unsuccessful, suggesting that a qualitative,
holistic approach is required. What I called an emergent property might instead be a
lack of instruments for understanding the complexity of epistemic logics. Quantitative
research can help reveal differences between large groups, but qualitative research
shows the true shape and functionality of said differences. Furthermore, no theory can
see that which it does not understand – the same goes for LCT. Since the
operationalisation of knowledge practices only concerned the Specialization
dimension – that is, the logics of knowledge products and the producers who create
them – the study has missed out on all other possible sites of difference, such as
relations of time, relations to fields outside the university, internal coherence of
knowledge practices, and so on.
Throughout the thesis, I have used the idea of code homology extensively to represent
epistemic similarities between disciplinary clusters. Often, codes have been
homologous when viewing the graphical planes and dimension polarities but have
subsequently broken down when I tested the difference statistically. Further
quantitative LCT research should keep in mind that observed differences may well be
products of bias or pure happenstance, and that a simple graphical plotting of codes is
not enough to establish empirically true homology.
I elaborated these code homologies using an extended version of the 4-K model,
containing eight dimensions in total. Very few disciplines stayed completely
homologous using this method, but it bears keeping in mind that the differences
observed through this extension were minute and often statistically non-significant.
109

Oliver Saal
The question to ask, then, is whether the extension is useful for research purposes or
not. When establishing homologies, and especially when trying to see even the
smallest differences between categories, I would argue that the extension has proven
itself useful. There are differences in epistemic logics within the 4-K model
dimensions, and the extension has been able to bring these to light. However, if one
wanted to group subjects together, or if one wanted to condense the knowledge
practices of a given group of disciplines into a digestible taxonomy, having eight
dimensions with two alternative polarities133 each is impractical at best, and
deliberately confounding at worst. Furthermore, I did not test the reliability of the
operationalisations in this thesis. It may very well be that the dimensions do not add
up to their 4-K model counterparts, or that the dimensions behave in unexpected ways
regarding legitimation code formation. Are the dimensions truly additive? Do they
relate to each other linearly? For that matter, do they relate to each other in the first
place? How much of the variability in knowledge practices can be explained with the
extended model, and how much is left for other LCT dimensions such as Semantics or
Autonomy?
Finally, one last question – but perhaps the single greatest one. Is the differentiation of
disciplines into differing code modalities a product of the LCT method? That is, do we
observe differences in codes because we measure code difference, or is this ‘true’
difference? In the early chapters of the thesis, I mentioned Roy Bhaskar’s epistemic
fallacy – confusing the model of reality with reality itself. I do not think that LCT
practitioners are this essentialist – it is clear that code modalities do not exist as
veritable social objects, but that they are analytical descriptions of practices existing
in the social world. However, a more nuanced question is, does the definition of the
model restrict the field of possibles in a disingenuous way? I reasoned that there are
differences in epistemic logics between Finnish academic disciplines – but what if the
conception of ‘epistemic logics’ hides some other more important dimension, where
the disciplines converge? I cannot give any definite answers to this question of the
model’s reality – such are outside the scope of a sociological thesis – but I believe a
more in-depth discussion on the relations between theory and reality ought to be had.
It is well and fine to accept the first tenet of social realism, that reality exists and

133

Even worse, when doing quantitative research, an unbounded spectrum of code values.

110

Oliver Saal
knowledge has some form of connection to it, but it would be more important to
delineate what this connection is.

Theory produces results; results cannot appear without theory. This is relativist only
insofar as one believes in an unwavering ‘Truth of Reality’. Science wants to
understand the world, but does such a monolithic understanding exist? Based on this
study, I would say no. If we ask science what the Truth of Reality is, we will get at
least as many answers as there are scientific disciplines. So, when MP Sheikki Laakso
called the financing of Finnish holocaust research ‘drivel and berating Finns Party
members’ (Hartikainen, 2020), perhaps he was not belittling the rigour of academia or
the epistemic status that the university currently holds. Perhaps he was, however
inflammatorily and provocatively, participating in the discourse of epistemic
differences that also defines academic endeavours.

111

Oliver Saal

Swedish Summary – Svensk sammanfattning
Legitimeringen av akademisk praktik. Kartläggandet av mångfalden av
epistemiska logiker i finländska universitetsämnen.
Under de senaste fem åren har man kunnat se en ökning i diskussioner om tiden efter
sanningen samt en ökande kritik mot universitetet som en kunskapsinstitution
(Hartikainen, 2020; Tamminen, 2015; Davies, 2019). Denna diskurs tycks grunda sig
på tanken om vetenskapen som ett enhetligt fält, men i denna avhandling vill jag
ifrågasätta huruvida vetenskapen faktiskt är så enhetlig: har alla akademiska ämnen
samma epistemiska logik, sätt att definiera sanning?
Jag fokuserar mig på universitetsstudenter vid finländska universitet, eftersom deras
förmåga att känna igen ämnets epistemiska logik är ett uttryck för hur väl ämnet har
socialiserat studenten in i vetenskapskulturen. Tidigare forskning har visat att
finländska studenter är positivt inställda till vetenskap och har hög tillit för
institutionerna (Tieteen tiedotus ry., 2019), vilket kunde antyda en stark process av
universitetssocialisering. De socialiseras in i akademiska institutioner (Berger &
Luckmann, 1966) som kan jämställas med totala ideologier (Mannheim, 1933). För att
förstå dessa ideologiers mångfald utgår jag ifrån ett praktikteoretiskt perspektiv
baserat på Bourdieus fältteori samt en vidareutveckling av detta, legitimationskodteori.
Sociologen Pierre Bourdieu (1977; 1988) menar att vi behöver ett koncept som
kombinerar den akademiska objektivistiska kunskapen med den upplevda kunskapen:
habitus. Habitus är den historiska kunskapen som aktören besitter, som ger hen olika
benägenheter till aktion (Bourdieu, 1977: 72). Genom våra upplevelser bygger vi en
personlig tolkningsram som sedan hjälper oss att förstå nya händelser och besluta hur
vi väljer att reagera till dem. Detta gäller även i utbildningen: studenter kommer till
universitetet med olika intellektuella historier, och detta kommer att rikta dem mot
olika epistemiska preferenser. Nära till habitusbegreppet är definitionen av fältet:
samhället består av halvautonoma praktikfält, inom vilka aktörer tävlar om resurser
för att uppnå status och bekännelse (Bourdieu & Wacquant, 1992; Bourdieu, 2010
[1984]). Dessa resurser är former av kapital (Bourdieu, 2006 [1986]), av både
ekonomiska och symboliska arter. I denna avhandling ser jag

därmed
112

Oliver Saal
universitetsämnen som egna akademiska fält, som tillsammans utgör det totala
universitetsfältet. De epistemiska logikerna som fälten tillämpar, samt kapaciteten för
aktörer att anamma logikerna, utgör former av epistemiskt kapital (Alasuutari, 2018).
För att undersöka dessa logiker tillämpar jag legitimationskodteori (LCT), en
vidareutveckling av Bourdieus fältteori och Bernsteins kodteori (Maton, 2014). LCT
delar upp kunskapspraktiker i legitimationsdimensioner, och jag har valt att undersöka
Specialiseringsdimensionen: på vilket sätt påverkar kunskapspraktikens form och
aktörens egenskaper på praktikens sanningsvärde? Dimensionen kan delas upp i två
oberoende spektrum: epistemiska relationer (ER) och sociala relationer (SR). ER
frågar hur viktiga praktikens form och innehåll är för sanningsvärdet, och SR hur
viktiga kunskapsaktörens sociala och medfödda förmågor är. Denna tudelning kan
ytterligare delas in i 4K-modellen, med ontiska relationer och diskursiva relationer
respektive interaktionsrelationer och subjektiva relationer. Vidare föreslår jag ännu
en indelning, den utökade 4K-modellen: ontiska relationer kan delas in i innehålls- och
medierelationer, diskursiva relationer blir objektnätverks- och förfaranderelationer,
interaktionsrelationer blir erfarenhets- och subjektnätverksrelationer, och subjektiva
relationer blir grupp- och subjektsontologiska relationer. Dessa åtta dimensioner utgör
ett spektrum från objektets ontologi – hur viktigt praktikens egen vara är för
sanningsvärdet – till subjektets ontologi – hur viktigt producentens vara är.
Dimensionerna undersöks med en enkätstudie som skickats till alla ämnesföreningar
och studentnationer vid de finländska universiteten under hösten 2019. Detta
resulterade i 559 responser som analyseras med statistiska metoder. Eftersom urvalet
är något litet måste jag gruppera universitetsämnen enligt ett klassifikationssystem.
Jag valde att jämföra tre system: ISCED (UNESCO, 2011), FOS (OECD, 2007), och
en tillämpad version av det finländska klassifikationssystemet (Statistics Finland,
2016). En jämförelse av spridningsmått och ANOVA-tester visade att det finländska
systemet maximerade skillnaderna mellan grupperna.
Jag delade in de epistemiska logikerna i fyra praktikfält: subjekts-, forskar-, produktoch betygsfältet. Subjektsfältet mäter hur studenterna drar gränserna för sitt ämne –
vilka är de rådande epistemiska logikerna inom ämnet? Forskarfältet definierar å andra
sidan den ideella habitus som ämnet förväntar sig. Produktfältet operationaliserar
113

Oliver Saal
produktionens fält (Maton, 2014), och syftar till vilka logiker studenterna använder för
att känna igen forskning inom sitt eget ämne. Betygsfältet reflekterar reproduktionens
fält, och mäter hur studenterna upplever att de blir betygsatta av sina lärare.
Inom subjektsfältet finns det ett antal homologier, ämnen som följer liknande
epistemiska logiker. Det är anmärkningsvärt att psykologi antar en elitkod (ER+,
SR+), till skillnad från samhällsvetenskapernas relativistkod (ER-, SR-) – dessa två
ämnen har historiskt sett liknat varandra, men ser ut att skilja sig avsevärt i det nutida
finländska universitetet.

Inom

forskarfältet

har de

flesta

ämnen samma

legitimationskoder som inom subjektsfältet, med undantag av t.ex. juridik och
hälsovetenskaper som skiftar från elitkoder till kunskapskoder (ER+, SR-). Alla
kodskiften ser ut att ske på en dimension vilket tyder på att dessa två fält mäter samma
logiker. Fyra t-test försäkrade att de observerade homologierna är statistiskt likadana.
När analysen fortsatte till 4K-modellens nivå föll dock de flesta homologier isär, vilket
tyder på att logikerna trots allt skiljer sig men att skillnaderna är små.
Produkt- och betygsfälten uppvisar olika legitimationskoder än de två andra fälten. På
samma sätt som tidigare finns det homologier mellan ämnen, men dessa försvinner så
gott som fullständigt då man utökar analysen med 4K-modellen. I dessa två fält
tillämpade jag den utökande 4K-modellen och fann att närapå alla homologier
uppvisar små skillnader inom sig. Ett undantag var homologin mellan psykologi och
hälsovetenskaper som återfinns i subjektsnätverks- och erfarenhetsrelationerna inom
produktfältet. Detta resultat förstärker tanken att alla ämneskategorier innefattar olika
logiker, men att skillnaderna mellan kategorierna är små och kan ofta vara resultat av
systematiska fel.
Jag valde att undersöka hur interna och externa krafter påverkar legitimationskoderna.
Denna tudelning är hämtad av Moore (2004), och syftar på huruvida
utbildningsutsagor orsakas av skillnader inom utbildningen (interna orsaker) eller av
sociala strukturer (externa orsaker). Som intern orsak mätte jag tiden vid universitetet.
Statistiska test visade att förstaårsstudenter skiljer sig från andra studenter endast inom
diskursiva relationer på subjektsfältet och interaktionsrelationer inom produktfältet.
Jag tolkar detta som en andrafiering av vetenskapsidkaren: på grund av sin relativt
låga kännedom om praktisk vetenskap kan förstaårsstudenter tendera att se forskaren
114

Oliver Saal
som en slags arketyp. Däremot försvinner denna relation vid kontrollen av
ämneskategori, vilket får mig att tänka att det egentligen är ämnet i sig som skapar
skillnaden, inte tiden vid universitetet. Detta skiljer sig från tidigare forskning (t.ex.
Kaartinen-Koutaniemi, 2009), och kan även vara en bieffekt av systematiska fel.
Som externa orsaker testade jag föräldrarnas utbildningsnivå samt studentens sociala
medlemskap i en minoritet. Utbildningsnivån var endast en signifikant markör då
minst en förälder hade en forskarutbildning. Vidare gick denna skillnad inte att
återfinna i specifika dimensioner: utbildningsbakgrunden skapar en emergent skillnad
i samtliga epistemiska logiker, men denna skillnad är för komplex för att förstå genom
att bryta ned logikerna. Minoritetsskap har inte en signifikant effekt på
legitimationskoderna, men det tillämpade MANOVA-testet visade tecken på
statistiska fel. Vid separata test för varje praktikfält fann jag att minoritetsskap har en
signifikant effekt på subjekts- och forskarfältet, samt en marginell effekt på
betygsfältet. I samband med minoritetsgruppens legitimationskoder drar jag slutsatsen
att minoritetsskapet leder till en svagt ökad relativism.
Resultaten visade att universitetsfältet inte är så enhetligt som den samtida diskursen
kunde antyda. Ämnen skiljer sig från varandra, och dessa skillnader beror på vilka
praktikfält man observerar samt vilken analysnivå man antar. Ämnen ser dessutom ut
att tendera mot extrema koder, eftersom analysen återfann en större mängd Relativistoch Elitkoder än Kunskaps- och Kunnarkoder (ER-, SR+). Däremot finns skillnaderna
mellan ämnen oftast i mitten av den utökande 4K-modellen, vilket jag tolkar som att
den finländska vetenskapen delar en gemensam ontologisk bas men skiljer sig i
epistemologiska frågor. Analysen av interna och externa förklaringar har varit ytlig,
och mer forskning behövs för att beskriva relationen mellan dessa – är det ämnets
socialiseringsprocess som skapar skillnaderna, eller finns det yttre orsaker som i större
grad bidrar till olika epistemiska logiker?

115

Oliver Saal

Sources
Monographs and research publications
Alasuutari, Pertti (2018) “Authority as epistemic capital”. Journal of Political Power
11 (2), 165-190.
Archer, Margaret; Roy Bhaskar; Andrew Collier; Tony Lawson & Alan Norrie
(1998) Critical Realism: Essential Readings. London & New York: Routledge.
Becher, Tony (1989) Academic Tribes and Territories: Intellectual Enquiry and the
Cultures of Disciplines. Milton Keynes: The Society for Research into Higher
Education & Open University Press.
Berger, Peter L. & Thomas Luckmann (1966) The Social Construction of Reality: A
Treatise in the Sociology of Knowledge. London: Penguin Books.
Bernstein, Basil (2003 [1971]) Class, Codes and Control. Volume I: Theoretical
Studies Towards a Sociology of Language. London: Routledge.
Bhaskar, Roy (1993) Dialectic: The Pulse of Freedom. London: Verso.
Biglan, Anthony (1973) “The Characteristics of Subject Matter in Different
Academic Areas”. Journal of Applied Psychology 57 (3), 195-203.
Bourdieu, Pierre & Wacquant, Loïc J. D. (1992) An Invitation to Reflexive Sociology.
Cambridge: Polity Press.
Bourdieu, Pierre (1977) Outline of a Theory of Practice. Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press.
Bourdieu, Pierre (1988) Homo Academicus. Stanford: Stanford University Press.

116

Oliver Saal
Bourdieu, Pierre (1991) ”The Peculiar History of Scientific Reason”. Sociological
Forum 6 (1), 3-26.
Bourdieu, Pierre (2000) Pascalian Meditations. Stanford: Stanford University Press.
Bourdieu, Pierre (2006 [1986]) “The Forms of Capital”. In Lauder, H; Brown, P;
Dillabough, J-A; Halsey, AH (eds.). Education, Globalization, and Social Change.
Oxford: Oxford University Press, 105-119.
Bourdieu, Pierre (2010 [1984]) Distinction: A Critique of the Judgement of Taste.
London: Routledge.
Chapman, Colin A.; Júlio César Bicca-Marques; Sébastien Calvignac-Spencer;
Pengfei Fan; Peter J. Fashing; Jan Gogarten; Songtao Guo; Claire A. Hemingway;
Fabian Leendertz; Baoguo Li; Ikki Matsuda; Rong Hou; Juan Carlos Serio-Silvia &
Nils Chr. Stenseth (2019) “Games academics play and their consequences: how
authorship, h-index and journal impact factors are shaping the future of academia”.
Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences (2019).
Hokka, Johanna (2019) “What counts as ‘good sociology’? Conflicting discourses on
legitimate sociology in Finland and Sweden”. Acta Sociologica 62 (4), 357-371.
Kaartinen-Koutaniemi, Minna (2009) Tieteellinen ajattelu yliopisto-opinnoissa.
Haastattelututkimus psykologian, theologian ja farmasian opiskelijoista. [Academic
thinking and personal epistemology of university students]. [Doctoral dissertation].
University of Helsinki.
Latour, Bruno (2005) Reassembling the Social: An introduction to Actor-Network
Theory. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Lipsey, Richard G (2001) “Successes and failures in the transformation of
economics”. Journal of Economic Methodology 8 (2), 169-202.

117

Oliver Saal
Lolle, Henrik (2006) “Multiple Classification Analysis (MCA): Unfortunately, a
nearly forgotten method for doing linear regression with categorical variables”.
Symposium in applied statistics, Copenhagen Business School & Statistics Denmark.
Mannheim, Karl (1936) Ideology and Utopia: An Introduction to the Sociology of
Knowledge. London: Routledge & Kegan Paul.
Maton, Karl & Sarah K. Howard (2016) “LCT in mixed-methods research:
Developing a quantitative instrument”. In Maton, K; Hood, S & Shay, S (eds.)
Knowledge-building: Educational studies in Legitimation Code Theory. London:
Routledge, 49-71.
Maton, Karl & Sarah K. Howard (2018) “Taking autonomy tours. A key to
integrative knowledge-building”. LCT Centre Occasional Paper 1 (June): 1-35.
Available at http://legitimationcodetheory.com/knowledge-base-2/maton-k-andhoward-s-k-2018-taking-autonomy-tours-a-key-to-integrative-knowledge-buildinglct-centre-occasional-paper-1-june-1-35/. Retrieved 31 May 2019.
Maton, Karl (2004) The Field of Higher Education: A Sociology of Reproduction,
Transformation, Change and the Conditions of Emergence for Cultural Studies.
[Doctoral dissertation]. University of Cambridge.
Maton, Karl (2014) Knowledge and Knowers: Towards a Realist Sociology of
Education. London: Routledge.
Maton, Karl (2016) “Starting points: resources and architectural glossary”. In Maton,
K; Hood, S & Shay, S (eds.) Knowledge-building: Educational studies in
Legitimation Code Theory. London: Routledge, 233-243.
Moore, Rob (2004) “Differentiation, Inequality and the Educational Process”. In
Moore, R (ed.) Education and Society: Issues and Explanations in the Sociology of
Education. Oxford: Polity Press, 6-34.

118

Oliver Saal
Stoecker, Judith L (1993) “The Biglan Classification Revisited”. Research in Higher
Education 34 (4), 451-464.
Tieteen tiedotus ry. (2019) Tiedebarometri 2019. Tutkimus suomalaisten
suhtautumisesta tieteeseen ja tieteellis-tekniseen kehitykseen. [The Science
Barometer 2019. A study of how Finns relate to science and scientific-technical
development.] Available at
http://www.tieteentiedotus.fi/files/Tiedebarometri_2019.pdf. Retrieved 8 December
2019.
News articles
Davies, William (2019) ”Why can’t we agree on what’s true any more?” The
Guardian 19 September 2019. Available at
https://www.theguardian.com/media/2019/sep/19/why-cant-we-agree-on-whats-trueanymore. Retrieved 11 January 2020.
Hartikainen, Jarno (2020) “Perussuomalaiset moittivat Suomen Akatemian päätöstä
rahoittaa holokaustitutkimusta – näin Akatemia kommentoi”. [Finns Party criticize
Academy of Finland decision to finance holocaust research – the Academy
comments]. Helsingin Sanomat 10 January 2020. Available at
https://www.hs.fi/politiikka/art-2000006368202.html. Retrieved 11 January 2020.
Tamminen, Jenni (2015) “Juha Sipilän sanat järkyttävät – ‘Yleisen vitsin kohteena’”.
[The words of Juha Sipilä are shocking – ‘Butts of the joke’]. Uusi Suomi, 3
December 2015. Available at https://www.uusisuomi.fi/uutiset/juha-sipilan-sanatjarkyttavat-yleisen-vitsin-kohteena/3843d21f-9e15-3696-9fb1-8c822f68c03b.
Retrieved 12 January 2020.
Toivonen, Hilma (2020) ”’Luennoilla kuulee rasistista kieltä’ – Joukko opiskelijoita
kyllästyi yliopiston syrjivään kulttuuriin ja perusti opiskelijajärjestö Students of
Colourin”. [’You hear racist language in lectures’ – A group of students got tired of
the discriminating culture and founded the student organisation Students of Colour].
Yle, 13 January 2020. Available at https://yle.fi/uutiset/3-11142191. Retrieved 16
January 2020.
119

Oliver Saal

Online sources
Legitimationcodetheory.com (2019a) “Introducing LCT”. [Web page]. Available at
http://legitimationcodetheory.com/home/theory/introducinglct/. Retrieved 31 May
2019.
Legitimationcodetheory.com (2019b) “Working with LCT”. [Web page]. Available
at http://legitimationcodetheory.com/home/theory/working-with-lct/. Retrieved 31
May 2019.
Myrskylä, Pekka (2009) “Koulutus periytyy edelleen”. [Education is still inherited.]
Hyvinvointikatsaus 1/2009 – Nuoret. Available at
https://www.stat.fi/artikkelit/2009/art_2009-03-16_002.html?s=0. Retrieved 16
December 2019.
OECD (2007) “Revised Field of Science and Technology (FOS) Classification in the
Frascati Manual”. Available at http://www.oecd.org/science/inno/38235147.pdf.
Retrieved 8 December 2019.
OxfordLanguages (2016) Word of the Year 2016. Available at
https://languages.oup.com/word-of-the-year/2016/. Retrieved 11 January 2020.
Statistics Finland (2016) National Classification of Education 2016. [Code book]
Available at
https://koodistot.suomi.fi/codescheme;registryCode=jhs;schemeCode=koulutus_1_2
0160101. Retrieved 16 December 2019.
Suomen virallinen tilasto (SVT) (2018) Yliopistokoulutus. Liitetaulukko 1.
Yliopistojen opiskelijat ja tutkinnon suorittaneet koulutusasteen, -alan (Kansallinen
koulutusluokitus 2016) ja sukupuolen mukaan 2018. [University education.
Appendix table 1. University students and graduates according to level of education,
field of education (National Classification of Education 2016) and gender in 2018.]
Helsinki: Tilastokeskus. Available at http://stat.fi/til/yop/2018/yop_2018_2019-0509_tau_001_fi.html. Retrieved 16 December 2019.
120

Oliver Saal

UNESCO (2011) “International Standard Classification of Education. ISCED 2011”.
Available at http://uis.unesco.org/sites/default/files/documents/internationalstandard-classification-of-education-isced-2011-en.pdf. Retrieved 8 December 2019.
Social media
@LeenaMalkki (2020, 8 January). ”Miten tutkija saa rahoitusta ja mitä
akatemiatutkijan rahoituksen saaminen @SuomenAkatemia’lta merkitsee?
Akatemiarahoitus on tiukimmin vertaisarvioitu suomal. rahoitusmuoto. Sitä voi
hakea 3-9 vuotta väitöksen jälkeen. Myöntöprosentit ovat todella pieniä ja kilpailu
kovaa. 1/” [Twitter thread]. Available at
https://twitter.com/LeenaMalkki/status/1214836197945688064. Retrieved 11
January 2020.
@SuomenAkatemia (2020, 10 January). ”Suomen Akatemian rahoituspäätökset
perustuvat hakemusten vertaisarviointiin, jossa korostuu hakijoiden tasapuolinen
kohtelu. Tässä ketjussa arviointiprosessimme pähkinänkuoressa: 1

Tutkijat

lähettävät tutkimussuunnitelmansa ja hakemuksensa Akatemiaan. 1/” [Twitter
thread]. Available at
https://twitter.com/SuomenAkatemia/status/1215636330329321473. Retrieved 11
January 2020.
@VilleTavio (2020, 7 January). “Yliopistoihin on pesiintynyt agitaattoreita, jotka
hyödyntävät järjestelmää vain omiin poliittisiin tarkoitusperiinsä ja propaganda
tuottamiseen. He yrittävät naamioida propagandansa tieteeksi ja pyrkivät yleiseksi
auktoriteetiksi. Miten valetutkijoihin pitäisi suhtautua?” [Twitter post]. Available at
https://twitter.com/VilleTavio/status/1214549876815679488. Retrieved 11 January
2020.

121

Oliver Saal

Appendix 1. Final survey
Swedish archived survey:
https://web.archive.org/web/20200219162841/https://survey.abo.fi/lomakkeet/11767/
lomake.html?rinnakkaislomake=graduenkatSV
Finnish archived survey:
https://web.archive.org/web/20200219162416/https://survey.abo.fi/lomakkeet/11767/
lomake.html?rinnakkaislomake=graduenkatFI
English archived survey:
https://web.archive.org/web/20200219162749/https://survey.abo.fi/lomakkeet/11767/
lomake.html?rinnakkaislomake=graduenkatEN
Welcome to participate in a survey study on the views of Finnish university students
on their studies and on knowledge! The survey is part of the data collection for my
Master’s thesis in Sociology at Åbo Akademi University.
The survey is divided into four parts. The first part concerns your studies. The
second part asks a number of questions on science and research, from your
perspective. The third part asks political and moral questions. Lastly, you are also
asked for demographic information regarding your social background.
Compulsory questions are marked with an asterisk *. Explanations are visible by
hovering the mouse cursor on a question mark ?. It is recommended that you
complete the survey on a computer, not a smartphone.
In conjunction with the survey, 10 cinema tickets are raffled off between all
participants. If you wish to take part of the raffle, please follow the link at the end of
the survey to another survey, where you submit your name and email address.
Participation in the raffle is voluntary, and your identifying information is not
connected to your survey responses. The raffle will take place within two weeks of
the survey closing, on 14 December 2019 at the latest. Winners are informed per
email.
The survey takes about 10-15 minutes to complete. Please read the questions and any
instructions carefully. Answer according to your own opinions and thoughts; there
are no correct answers. You have the right to conclude the survey at any point, but in
order to save your answers, you must press the ”Save information”-button at the end
of the survey.
If you have any questions regarding the survey or the study, I will gladly answer
them per email or phone. Thank you for your responses!
Oliver Saal
Sociology, Åbo Akademi University
oliver.saal@abo.fi
044 363 0090

122

Oliver Saal

Your Studies
In this section, you are asked questions regarding your studies and their progress.
The term major subject means that subject which you are enrolled in, and which you
aim to graduate in. The terms ”study orientation”, ”educational track” and ”study
programme/module” are treated as synonyms if your subject does not use the term
major subject. If you have not declared your major yet, please report the subject you
plan to or believe yourself to choose.
At which university do you study?
(Forced choice. List of universities in Finland, with the option “I do not
study at university”)
What is your major subject?
(Short text field.)
To which scientific area does your major subject belong?
(Multiple choice, max. 2 choices: Education / Humanities / Fine arts /
Social sciences / Commerce and economy / Administration and public
sector / Judicial sciences / Natural sciences / Information management
and communications (ICT) / Technology and engineering / Agriculture,
forestry and fisheries / Health and welfare / Services / Other, specify)
Supporting text: “If your major subject is inter-disciplinary, please
choose a maximum of two categories which represent your subject
best.”
(Short text field for “Other, specify”)
For which degree level are you currently studying?
(Forced choice: Bachelor degree / Master’s degree / Licentiate degree /
Doctoral degree / Other, specify)
(Short text field for “Other, specify”)
The following two questions concern your major subject. Please include all
completed degrees in your major subject.
If you have switched majors between degrees, please only report information on your
current major subject.
How many study credits (ETCS) have you completed in total in your major
subject? Count all degrees you have in your major.
(Forced choice: 0 cr / 1-30 cr / 31-60 cr / 61-100 cr / 101-140 cr / 141+
cr)
Supporting text: “Generally speaking, the following credit counts are
valid for Finnish major subjects: Basic studies 25 cr, subject studies +
basic studies 60 cr, advanced studies 20-40 cr, Master’s thesis 20-40
cr. After a completed Master’s degree, a student therefore usually has
completed around 100-140 cr in their major subject.”
In which year did you commence your studies in your current major subject?
Report year in numbers.
(Short text field. Accepts only numbers.)
Supporting text: “If you have studied some other subject prior, please
only report the year during which you started your studies in your
current major subject. Include potential leap years and breaks in your
studies.”
Think about your current academic situation. How do you feel about the
progression of your studies?
(Forced choice: Very good / Somewhat good / Neither good nor bad /
Somewhat bad / Very bad)
123

Oliver Saal

Science and Research
This part presents you questions regarding your opinions of science and research.
Think about your own major subject, unless otherwise instructed.
Think about your own subject area. How well do you agree with the following
statements?
(Forced choice. 4 statements, enumerated below. Answer options: Fully
agree / Somewhat agree / Somewhat disagree / Fully disagree)
 My subject area has clear boundaries for which phenomena and research
objects are included in the subject area.
 My subject area uses certain specific research methods within research.
 My subject area requires the researcher to have a born talent or attribute.
 My subject area requires the researcher to have been taught the methods and
culture of the subject.
Think about your subject area. What is required from a person to be a good
student or researcher in the subject?
(Forced choice. 4 statements, enumerated below. Answer options: Very
important / Somewhat important / A bit important / Not important)
 Knowledge of contents, theories and concepts in the subject area.
 Knowledge of methods, processes and skills in the subject area.
 A born talent for the subject area.
 An acquired talent for the subject area, through experience and/or studies.
Imagine yourself reading a research report. How relevant are the following
aspects for your concluding that the research is high-quality?
(Forced choice. 12 statements, enumerated below. Statements divided
into blocks of four. Answer options: Very relevant / Somewhat relevant
/ Somewhat irrelevant / Very irrelevant)
 The researcher behind the report has a high educational level and deserved
merits in my subject area.
 The theme of the report is specific and bounded.
 The researcher has a natural-born knowledge or talent which makes them an
expert within the researched subject area.
 The report refers to many other reports from within the subject area.
 The report refers to specific classics or works famous in my subject area.
 The report text contains words and concepts typical or particular for my
subject area.
 The methods used in the report fit my subject area.
 The researcher gives a voice to/makes visible certain groups or phenomena.
 The report produces something new instead of repeating something old.
 The report is published in a particular journal or by a particular institution.
 The researcher responsible for the report is affiliated with a particular
institution or university.
 The theme and/or research object of the study belongs to my subject area.
Imagine yourself writing an essay or thesis in your subject. What do you think
is important for you to receive a good grade for your work?
(Forced choice. 13 statements, enumerated below. Statements divided
into two blocks of four and one of five. Answer options: Very
important / Somewhat important / A bit important / Not important)
124

Oliver Saal


I have to have grown into a right type of person in order to receive a good
grade.
 I refer to specific works or researchers who are famous or well respected
within my subject area.
 My text uses concepts specific to my subject area.
 My text offers concrete suggestions for future research or on the applications
of my findings.
 My text is concrete and specific, and has to be developed further if one
wishes to apply it in another context.
 My text flows back and forth between very abstract explanations and very
concrete examples and applications.
 My text deals with a current problem in my subject area.
 I have to have the right characteristics or skills in order to receive a good
grade.
 I use proper research methods and approaches that fit my subject area.
 My text is abstract and lofty, and it could be applied to many different
phenomena.
 I choose a theme or research object that fits my subject area.
 I refer to many other works from my subject area.
 My theme is bounded and specific.
Do you have comments regarding the questions, or would you like to explain
something regarding your answers? Write freely below.
(Large text field.)

Politics and Morals
In this part, you are asked about contemporary political and moral topics. Please
answer honestly.
Consider the following statements.
(Forced choice. 15 statements, enumerated below. Statements divided
into three blocks of four and one of three. Answer options: Completely
agree / Partially agree / Neither agree nor disagree / Partially disagree /
Completely disagree)
 The state should work towards lessening class differences in Finland.
 Trans people should have the right to change their legal gender by notifying
the authorities.
 Generally speaking, the large Finnish media houses are trustworthy (Yle,
Alma Media, Sanoma, etc.)
 The humanities are not real sciences.
 Finland becomes a better country to live in when people immigrate here from
other countries.
 I am proud of my country.
 In political questions, the economy should come before climate
considerations.
 On the whole, Finland joining the EU has been a good thing.
 Everyone should have the right to practice their own religion, regardless of
religion.
 It is better for Finland if as many citizens as possible have the same cultural
habits and traditions.
 Traditions are an important part of society.
125

Oliver Saal
 Receiving social security support is shameful.
 Finland should apply for membership in NATO.
 Same-sex couples should have equal adoption rights to heterosexual couples.
 Everyone should have the same opportunities in life.
If you wish to pinpoint your answers in this part, please write comments freely
below.
(Large text field.)

Final Questions
In this last part, you are asked some demographic and socio-cultural questions. After
these, you will receive a link to participate in the cinema ticket raffle.
Gender
(Forced choice. Answer options: Female / Male / Other / Rather not
say)
Age
(Forced choice. Answer options: 18-25 / 26-35 / 36-45 / 46-55 / 56-65 /
66+)
What is the highest level of education you have attained?
(Forced choice. Answer options: High school/vocational / Bachelor’s
degree or similar / Master’s degree or similar / Post-gradual education
(e.g. PhD) / Other, specify)
Supporting text: “Do not count the degree you are currently working
on.”
(Short text field for “Other, specify”)
What is the educational level of your parent/s? Choose at least one option.
(Multiple-choice, no restriction on number of choices. Answer options:
Compulsory education (K-9), or comparable / High school, vocational,
or comparable / University degree (professional, bachelor, master, or
comparable) / Post-gradual degree (e.g. PhD) / Other, specify below)
(Short text field for “Other, specify below”)
Do you work whilst studying?
(Forced choice. Answer options: Yes / No)
If you answered No, go directly to the question “In which area or country do you see
yourself originating ethnically?”.
What is your employment form or which form of work do you do?
(Multiple-choice, no restriction on number of choices. Answer options:
Full-time employment / Part-time employment / Occasional shifts or
fill-in / Entrepreneur / Freelancer)
How frequently do you work?
(Forced choice. Answer options: Every workday / A few days a week
(e.g. weekends) / A few days a month / Seasonal work / Other, specify)
(Short text field for “Other, specify”)
Profession. Please select all that apply.
(Multiple-choice, no restriction on number of choices. Answer choices:
Leadership position / Upper civil servant / Lower civil servant /
Employee / Entrepreneur / Agricultural entrepreneur / Retiree / Stay-athome parent / Unemployed or looking for work / Other)
Continue from the following question if you answered No on “Do you work whilst
studying?”.
In which area or country do you see yourself originating ethnically?
126

Oliver Saal
(Forced choice. Answer options: Finland / Other Nordic countries /
Other European countries (not the Nordics) / Other, specify)
(Short text field for “Other, specify”)
Mother tongue
(Forced choice. Answer options: English / Finnish / Swedish / Nordic
language / European language (not the Nordics) / Other, specify)
(Short text field for “Other, specify”)
Do you practice religion? If yes, which?
(Forced choice. Answer options: No / Yes)
(Short text field for “Yes”, titled “Which?”)
Sexual orientation
(Forced choice. Answer options: Heterosexual/Straight /
Homosexual/Gay / Bisexual, pansexual, other non-binary orientation /
Asexual / Unsure / Other / Rather not say)
In your opinion, do you have a disability? If yes, what?
(Forced choice. Answer options: Rather not say / No / Maybe / Yes)
Supporting text: “You do not need to be medically diagnosed to have a
disability.”
(Short text field for “Yes”, titled “What?”)

127

Oliver Saal

Appendix 2. Survey pre-test interview scheme
Explain the following:
- Interview, ends at the latest at [END TIME]
- Concerns your reactions to the survey. How did it feel, what was good, what
was bad, did you understand all questions?
- The interview is recorded, only I will listen to the recordings  Is this okay?
o If no: Take careful notes!
General feelings
- How did it feel? Elaborate only if necessary, not such an important
question.
- Was the survey heavy or light? Elaborate!
o If heavy: Could you give specific examples as to which parts were
heavy?
- If you received this survey from an unknown person per email, would you fill
it out?
o If no: Why?
- Now, we will go through the survey part by part. You have a copy. I will also
check your text feedback as we go along.
Survey invitation
- Did you read the invitation text? If no: Why not? (Continue to Part A after
elaboration.)
- Was there anything unclear after you had read the text? If yes: What?
- Was there any missing information in the text? If yes: What?
Part A: Your studies
- Were there any hard-to-answer questions in Part A?
- Did you read all questions and explanations, including the extra explanations
behind the question marks?
- Was there any phrase you did not understand? If yes: Do you have a
suggestion for better phrasing?
- Question A6: What did you think about when the question said “generally
speaking”?
Part B: Science and research
- Question B1: Did you feel like the statements were relevant for you? Were
there any non-relevant statements?
- Question B1: Were there any phrases that were weird? Something that did not
seem to fit in?
- Question B2: How did it feel to answer B2 after B1? (DO NOT READ: Was it
repetition?)
- Question B2: Was there something unclear or irrelevant in B2?
- Question B3: How did you interpret the question? What does it mean that
“the research report belongs to your own subject?”
- Question B3: Was any statement unclear or irrelevant? Were there any weird
words or phrases?

128

Oliver Saal
-

Question B4: How did it feel for you to “imagine” that you were writing an
essay or thesis?
Question B4: Do you think about these things when you write for real?
Question B4: Was there anything weird or unclear? Something you did not
understand?

Part C: Politics and morals
- Did you understand all the statements? Was there something you did not
understand? If yes: What?
- What do you think about the political leaning of the question? Is it partial or
impartial? If partial: In which direction? Could you give examples?
- Were the statements relevant for today’s society? Was there something you
did not understand? What?
Part D: Final questions
- How did it feel to answer these questions?
- Was any question uncomfortable?
- Was any question weird?
- Did you think about what these data would be used for? If yes: How did you
reason about that?
Finally
- Do you have any other comments or thoughts that were not brought up here?
-

-

Thank you for participating.
Unfortunately, your participation means that you are not allowed to
participate in the final survey which will be sent out this fall. If you despite
this get an invitation, I would ask of you to ignore it. Do the same if you see a
link to the survey somewhere.
Your answers will help me correct the survey and make it legible.
Finally, you will get a cinema ticket for your participation, as promised.
Thank you!

End interview.

129

Oliver Saal

Appendix 3. Subject code distance matrix
Subject

Edu

Hum

Soc

C&E

A&PS

Law

Nat

ICT

T&E

H&W

Mili

Sport

Vet

Psy

Edu
Hum

0.210

Soc

0.258

0.338

C&E

0.193

0.037

0.352

A&PS

0.251

0.158

0.463

0.125

Law

0.860

0.671

0.996

0.673

0.622

Nat

0.412

0.206

0.461

0.235

0.303

0.551

ICT

0.245

0.418

0.465

0.388

0.365

0.973

0.623

T&E

0.180

0.057

0.354

0.020

0.115

0.682

0.255

0.368

H&W

0.468

0.283

0.618

0.282

0.240

0.392

0.233

0.604

0.290

Mili

0.632

0.422

0.688

0.443

0.466

0.378

0.231

0.822

0.460

0.266

Sport

0.148

0.153

0.186

0.166

0.282

0.820

0.309

0.394

0.169

0.435

0.540

Vet

0.550

0.392

0.730

0.381

0.300

0.335

0.367

0.639

0.384

0.134

0.356

0.544

Psy

0.457

0.249

0.509

0.275

0.329

0.509

0.049

0.662

0.294

0.219

0.182

0.358

0.350

Total

4.865

3.595

6.418

3.571

4.021

8.464

4.235

6.967

3.628

4.463

5.885

4.504

5.462

4.441

x̄

0.374

0.277

0.494

0.275

0.309

0.651

0.326

0.536

0.279

0.343

0.453

0.346

0.420

0.342

130

Oliver Saal

Appendix 4. Researcher code distance matrix
Subject

Edu

Hum

Soc

C&E

A&PS

Law

Nat

ICT

T&E

H&W

Mili

Sport

Vet

Psy

Edu
Hum

0.161

Soc

0.060

0.214

C&E

0.122

0.157

0.176

A&PS

0.216

0.370

0.157

0.315

Law

0.304

0.284

0.299

0.397

0.376

Nat

0.292

0.168

0.326

0.323

0.463

0.202

ICT

0.256

0.279

0.301

0.142

0.412

0.538

0.445

T&E

0.156

0.045

0.200

0.183

0.352

0.239

0.143

0.314

H&W

0.189

0.179

0.194

0.279

0.304

0.118

0.169

0.421

0.135

Mili

0.462

0.361

0.522

0.353

0.668

0.635

0.458

0.301

0.405

0.540

Sport

0.336

0.210

0.397

0.250

0.551

0.476

0.300

0.268

0.251

0.385

0.160

Vet

0.193

0.032

0.245

0.180

0.401

0.291

0.152

0.293

0.062

0.194

0.346

0.190

Psy

0.355

0.279

0.367

0.422

0.471

0.112

0.137

0.555

0.241

0.174

0.596

0.436

0.274

Total

3.103

2.738

3.457

3.299

5.056

4.272

3.578

4.526

2.727

3.282

5.806

4.211

2.854

4.419

x̄

0.239

0.211

0.266

0.254

0.389

0.329

0.275

0.348

0.210

0.252

0.447

0.324

0.220

0.340

131

Oliver Saal

Appendix 5. Disciplinary legitimation code summary
Education
In the Subject arena, Education presents a Relativist code, comprising weaker
Epistemic Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is composed of a
Knower/no insight, with weaker Ontic Relations and weaker Discursive Relations. The
SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, with weaker Subjective Relations and
weaker Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Social
Sciences, Commerce and Economy, ICT, Technology and Engineering, and Sport
Sciences. For insights, this homology holds for Social Sciences, ICT, and Sport
Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Humanities, Commerce and Economy,
Administration and Public Sector, ICT, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Education is
perfectly homologous on the 4-K level with ICT and Sport Sciences.
In the Researcher arena, Education also presents a Relativist code, with weaker ER
and weaker SR. The ER- is similarly composed of a Knower/no insight with OR- and
DR-, and the SR- is made of a Trained/blank gaze with SubR- and IR-.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Social Sciences,
Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, and ICT. For insights,
this homology holds for Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Administration and
Public Sector, ICT, Military, and Sport Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds with
Social Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, and Health and Welfare. Thus,
Education is perfectly homologous with Social Sciences, and Administration and
Public Sector.
Independent-samples t-tests confirm that Education is not statistically significantly
different from Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, and ICT in either ER or SR
values in the Subject and Researcher arenas.

132

Oliver Saal
In the Product arena, Education presents a Knowledge code, of stronger ER and
weaker SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and stronger
DR. The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker SubR and
weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, Education is homologous with Social Sciences, Health
and Welfare, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds with Social Sciences,
Health and Welfare, Sport Sciences, Veterinary Sciences, and Psychology. For gazes,
this homology holds for Psychology. Thus, Education is perfectly homologous with
Psychology.
The homology between Education and Psychology breaks down on the extended 4-K
level, with Education presenting stronger Object-Network Relations but weaker
Procedural Relations.
In the Grading arena, Education presents a Knowledge code, of stronger ER and
weaker SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and stronger
DR. The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker SubR and
weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, Education is homologous with Social Sciences, Veterinary
Sciences, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds with Social Sciences,
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, Sport
Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for ICT, and
Psychology. Thus, Education is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Humanities
In the Subject arena, Humanities presents a Relativist code of weaker Epistemic
Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is composed of a Situational insight,
containing stronger Ontic Relations and weaker Discursive Relations. The SR- is
composed of a Trained/blank gaze, containing weaker Subjective Relations and
weaker Interactional Relations.

133

Oliver Saal
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Social
Sciences, Commerce and Economy, ICT, Technology and Engineering, and Sport
Sciences. For insights, this homology holds for Commerce and Economy. For gazes,
this homology holds for Education, Commerce and Economy, Administration and
Public Sector, ICT, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Humanities is perfectly homologous
with Commerce and Economy.
In the Researcher arena, Humanities presents a Knower code, comprising weaker ER
but stronger SR. The ER- is composed of a Situational insight, comprising stronger
OR but weaker DR. The SR+ is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker
SubR but stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Technology and
Engineering, Military, Sport Sciences and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, this
homology holds for Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for
Commerce and Economy, Veterinary Sciences, and Psychology. Humanities is thus
perfectly homologous with Veterinary Sciences.
In the Product arena, Humanities presents a Relativist code, with weaker ER and
weaker SR. The ER- is composed of a Doctrinal insight, comprising weaker OR but
stronger DR. The SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but
weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Administration and
Public Sector, and ICT. For insights, the homology holds with Administration and
Public Sector, and Judicial Sciences. For gazes, the homology holds with Judicial
Sciences, ICT, and Technology and Engineering. Thus, Humanities is perfectly
homologous with Judicial Sciences.
In the Grading arena, Humanities presents a Knower code, of weaker ER and stronger
SR. The ER- is composed of a Doctrinal insight, with weaker OR and stronger DR.
The SR+ is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR and weaker IR.

134

Oliver Saal
On the Specialization level, Humanities is homologous with Natural Sciences,
Technology and Engineering, and Military. For insights, this homology holds with
Psychology. For gazes, this homology holds for Natural Sciences, and Health and
Welfare. Thus, Humanities is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Social Sciences
In the Subject arena, Social Sciences presents a Relativist code of weaker Epistemic
Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight,
comprising weaker Ontic Relations and weaker Discursive Relations. The SR- is
composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker Subjective Relations but stronger
Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Humanities,
Commerce and Economy, ICT, Technology and Engineering, and Sport Sciences. For
insights, the homology holds for Commerce and Economy. For gazes, the homology
holds for Health and Welfare, and Psychology. Thus, Social Sciences is not perfectly
homologous with any discipline.
In the Researcher arena, Social Sciences present another Relativist code of ER- and
SR-. The ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, containing weaker OR and weaker
DR. The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, containing weaker SubR and
weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Commerce
and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, and ICT. For insights, this homology
holds with Education, Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector,
ICT, Military, and Sport Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds with Education,
Administration and Public Sector, and Health and Welfare. Thus, Social Sciences is
perfectly homologous with Education, and Administration and Public Sector.
Independent-samples t-tests confirm that Social Sciences is not statistically
significantly different from Education on either the ER or the SR scales in the Subject
and Researcher arenas.

135

Oliver Saal
In the Product arena, Social Sciences presents a Knowledge code, with stronger ER
and weaker SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and
stronger DR. The SR- is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Health and
Welfare, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds for Education, Health and
Welfare, Sport Sciences, Veterinary Sciences, and Psychology. For gazes, this
homology holds for Administration and Public Sector, Health and Welfare, and
Veterinary Sciences. Thus, Social Sciences is perfectly homologous with Health and
Welfare, and Veterinary Sciences.
The homology between Social Sciences and Health and Welfare breaks down on the
extended 4-K level, with Social Sciences presenting stronger Object-Network
Relations but weaker Procedural Relations. Social Sciences also presents stronger
Subject-Network Relations and weaker Experiential Relations.
In the Grading arena, Social Sciences presents an Élite code, of stronger ER and
stronger SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and stronger
DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, Social Sciences is homologous with Commerce and
Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare,
and Sport Sciences. For insights, this homology holds with Education, Administration
and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, Sport Sciences, and
Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Commerce and Economy,
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Technology and Engineering,
Military, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Social Sciences is perfectly homologous with
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, and Sport Sciences.
The perfect homology breaks down on the extended 4-K level. Social Sciences has
stronger Subject-Network Relations and weaker Experiential Relations, as well as
stronger Object-Network Relations and weaker Procedural Relations.

136

Oliver Saal
Independent-sample t-tests show that Social Sciences is not significantly different
from Judicial Sciences and Sport Sciences on the ExR scale, nor significantly different
from Administration and Public Sector on the SNR scale.
Commerce and Economy
In the Subject arena, Commerce and Economy presents a Relativist code, of weaker
Epistemic Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is composed of a
Situational insight, comprising stronger Ontic Relations but weaker Discursive
Relations. The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker
Subjective Relations and weaker Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Humanities,
Social Sciences, ICT, Technology and Engineering, and Sport Sciences. For insights,
this homology holds for Humanities. For gazes, this homology holds for Education,
Humanities, Administration and Public Sector, ICT, and Sport Sciences. Thus,
Commerce and Economy is perfectly homologous with Humanities.
In the Researcher arena, Commerce and Economy presents another Relativist code of
ER- and SR-. The ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR
and weaker DR. The SR- is made of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Social
Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, and ICT. For insights, this homology
holds with Education, Social Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, ICT,
Military, and Sport Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Humanities,
Veterinary Sciences, and Psychology. Thus, Commerce and Economy is not perfectly
homologous with any discipline.
Independent-samples t-tests confirm that Commerce and Economy is not statistically
significantly different from Education on either the ER or the SR scales in the Subject
and Researcher arenas.

137

Oliver Saal
In the Product arena, Commerce and Economy presents an Élite code, with stronger
ER and stronger SR. The ER+ is composed of a Situational insight, with stronger OR
but weaker DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Natural Sciences, Sport
Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, this homology holds for Natural
Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Natural Sciences, Sport Sciences, and
Veterinary Sciences. Thus, Commerce and Economy is perfectly homologous with
Natural Sciences.
The homology between Commerce and Economy and Natural Sciences breaks down
on the extended 4-K level. Both present stronger Subject-Network Relations, but
Commerce and Economy presents weaker Procedural Relations, stronger ObjectNetwork Relations, and weaker Experiential Relations.
In the Grading arena, Commerce and Economy presents an Élite code, of stronger ER
and stronger SR. The ER+ is composed of a Situational insight, with stronger OR and
weaker DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, Commerce and Economy is homologous with Social
Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare,
and Sport Sciences. For insights, this homology holds with Military. For gazes, this
homology holds for Social Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial
Sciences, Technology and Engineering, Military, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Commerce
and Economy is perfectly homologous with Military.
Administration and Public Sector
In the Subject arena, Administration and Public Sector presents a Knowledge code, of
stronger Epistemic Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER+ is composed of a
Purist insight, comprising stronger Ontic Relations and stronger Discursive Relations.
The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker Subjective Relations
and weaker Interactional Relations.
138

Oliver Saal

On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Veterinary Sciences.
For insights, the homology holds for Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences, Health and
Welfare, Military, and Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, the homology holds with
Education, Humanities, Commerce and Economy, ICT, and Sport Sciences. Thus,
Administration and Public Sector is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
In the Researcher arena, the discipline presents a Relativist code, of ER- and SR-. The
ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The
SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker SubR and weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Social
Sciences, Commerce and Economy, and ICT. For insights, the homology holds for
Education, Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, ICT, Military, and Sport
Sciences. For gazes, the homology holds for Education, Social Sciences, and Health
and Welfare. Thus, Administration and Public Sector is perfectly homologous with
Education, and Social Sciences.
In the Product arena, Administration and Public Sector presents a Relativist code, with
weaker ER and weaker SR. The ER- is composed of a Doctrinal insight, comprising
weaker OR but stronger DR. The SR- is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising
weaker SubR but stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, and ICT.
For insights, the homology holds for Natural Sciences. For gazes, the homology holds
for Social Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Veterinary Sciences. Thus,
Administration and Public Sector is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
In the Grading arena, Administration and Public Sector presents an Élite code, of
stronger ER and stronger SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger
OR and stronger DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR
and stronger IR.

139

Oliver Saal
On the Specialization level, Administration and Public Sector is homologous with
Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, and
Sport Sciences. For insights, this homology holds with Education, Social Sciences,
Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For
gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences, Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences,
Technology and Engineering, Military, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Administration and
Public Sector is perfectly homologous with Social Sciences, Judicial Sciences, and
Sport Sciences.
The perfect homology breaks down on the extended 4-K level. Administration and
Public Sector has weaker Subject-Network Relations and stronger Experiential
Relations, as well as stronger Object-Network Relations and weaker Procedural
Relations.
Independent-sample t-tests show that Administration and Public Sector is not
significantly different from Social Sciences on the SNR scale.
Judicial Sciences
In the Subject arena, Judicial Sciences presents an Élite code, of stronger ER and
stronger SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and
stronger DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Natural Sciences,
Health and Welfare, Military, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds with
Administration and Public Sector, Natural Sciences, Health and Welfare, Military, and
Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds with Natural Sciences, and
Military. Thus, Judicial Sciences is perfectly homologous with Natural Sciences, and
Military.
In the Researcher arena, Judicial Sciences presents a Knowledge code, of stronger ER
and weaker SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and
stronger DR. The SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but
weaker IR.
140

Oliver Saal

On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Health and Welfare. For
insights, this homology holds with Natural Sciences, Health and Welfare, and
Psychology. For gazes, this homology holds with ICT, Technology and Engineering,
Military, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Judicial Sciences is not perfectly homologous with
any discipline.
In the Product arena, Judicial Sciences presents a Knower code, of weaker ER but
stronger SR. The ER- is composed of a Doctrinal insight, comprising weaker OR but
stronger DR. The SR+ is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but
weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Technology and
Engineering, and Military. For insights, this homology holds with Humanities, and
Administration and Public Sector. For gazes, this homology holds for Humanities,
ICT, and Technology and Engineering. Thus, Judicial Sciences is perfectly
homologous with Humanities.
In the Grading arena, Judicial Sciences presents an Élite code, of stronger ER and
stronger SR. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and
stronger DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Social Sciences,
Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Health and Welfare, and
Sport Sciences. For insights, this homology holds with Education, Social Sciences,
Administration and Public Sector, Health and Welfare, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary
Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences, Commerce and
Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Technology and Engineering, Military,
and Sport Sciences. Thus, Judicial Sciences is perfectly homologous with Social
Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, and Sport Sciences.

141

Oliver Saal
The perfect homology breaks down on the extended 4-K level. Judicial Sciences has
stronger Subject-Network Relations and weaker Experiential Relations, as well as
stronger Object-Network Relations and stronger Procedural Relations.
Independent-sample t-tests show that Judicial Sciences is not significantly different
from Social Sciences and Sport Sciences on the ExR scale.
Natural Sciences
In the Subject arena, Natural Sciences presents an Élite code, comprising stronger
Epistemic Relations and stronger Social Relations. The ER+ is composed of a Purist
insight, comprising stronger Ontic Relations and stronger Discursive Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences,
Health and Welfare, Military, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds with
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, Military,
and Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Judicial Sciences, and
Military. Thus, Natural Sciences is perfectly homologous with Judicial Sciences, and
Military.
In the Researcher arena, the discipline also presents an Élite code of ER+ and SR+.
The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and stronger DR.
The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Psychology. For
insights, this homology holds for Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, and
Psychology. For gazes, this homology holds with Military, and Sport Sciences. Thus,
Natural Sciences is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Independent-samples t-tests confirm that Natural Sciences is not statistically
significantly different from Psychology in either the ER or the SR scales in the Subject
and Researcher arenas. The SR t-test assumes unequal variances.

142

Oliver Saal
In the Product arena, Natural Sciences presents an Élite code, with ER+ and SR+. The
ER+ is composed of a Situational insight, with stronger OR but weaker DR. The SR+
is produced by a Born gaze, with stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Commerce and
Economy, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, this homology holds
for Commerce and Economy. For gazes, this homology holds for Commerce and
Economy, Military, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Natural Sciences is perfectly
homologous with Commerce and Economy.
The homology between Natural Sciences and Commerce and Economy breaks down
on the extended 4-K level. Both present stronger Subject-Network Relations, but
Natural Sciences presents stronger Procedural Relations, weaker Object-Network
Relations, and stronger Experiential Relations.
In the Grading arena, Natural Sciences presents a Knower code, with ER+ and SR-.
The ER+ is composed of a Knower/no insight, with weaker OR and weaker DR. The
SR- is composed of a Social gaze, with stronger SubR and weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Technology
and Engineering, and Military. For insights, this homology holds for ICT, and
Technology and Engineering. For gazes, this homology holds for Humanities, and
Health and Welfare. Thus, Natural Sciences is not perfectly homologous with any
discipline.
ICT
In the Subject arena, ICT presents a Relativist code, of weaker Epistemic Relations
and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising
weaker Ontic Relations and weaker Discursive Relations. The SR- is composed of a
Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker Subjective Relations and weaker Interactional
Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Humanities,
Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Technology and Engineering, and Sport
143

Oliver Saal
Sciences. For insights, this homology holds for Education, Social Sciences, and Sport
Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Education, Humanities, Commerce and
Economy, Administration and Public Sector, ICT, and Sport Sciences. Thus, ICT is
perfectly homologous with Education, and Sport Sciences.
In the Researcher arena, ICT presents another Relativist code, of ER- and SR-. The
ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The
SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but weaker IR
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Social
Sciences, Commerce and Economy, and Administration and Public Sector. For
insights, this homology holds with Education, Social Sciences, Commerce and
Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Military, and Sport Sciences. For gazes,
this homology holds for Judicial Sciences, and Technology and Engineering. Thus,
ICT is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Independent-samples t-tests confirm that ICT is not significantly different from
Education on either the ER or the SR scales.
In the Product arena, ICT presents yet another Relativist code, with ER- and SR-. The
ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The
SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, and
Administration and Public Sector. For insights, this homology holds for Technology
and Engineering, and Military. For gazes, this homology holds for Humanities,
Judicial Sciences, and Technology and Engineering. Thus, ICT is perfectly
homologous with Technology and Engineering.
In the Grading arena, ICT presents a Relativist code, with ER- and SR-. The ER- is
composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The SRis composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker SubR and weaker IR.

144

Oliver Saal
On the Specialization level, ICT is not homologous with any discipline. For insights,
the discipline is homologous with Natural Sciences, and Technology and Engineering.
For gazes, the discipline is homologous with Education, and Psychology. Thus, LCT
is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Technology and Engineering
In the Subject arena, Technology and Engineering presents a Relativist code,
comprising weaker Epistemic Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is
composed of a Doctrinal insight, comprising weaker Ontic Relations but stronger
Discursive Relations. The SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger
Subjective Relations but weaker Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Humanities,
Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, ICT, and Sport Sciences. For insights, this
homology does not hold with any discipline. For gazes, this homology holds for
Veterinary Sciences. Thus, Technology and Engineering is not perfectly homologous
with any discipline.
In the Researcher arena, the discipline presents a Knower code, of ER- and SR+. The
ER- is composed of a Doctrinal insight, comprising weaker OR but stronger DR. The
SR+ is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Military,
Sport Sciences and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, this homology does not hold with
any discipline. For gazes, this homology holds for Judicial Sciences, and ICT. Thus,
Technology and Engineering is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
In the Product arena, Technology and Engineering presents a Knower code of ER- and
SR+. The ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker
DR. The SR+ is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences, and
Military. For insights, this homology holds for ICT, and Military. For gazes, this

145

Oliver Saal
homology holds for Humanities, Judicial Sciences, and ICT. Thus, Technology and
Engineering is perfectly homologous with ICT.
In the Grading arena, Technology and Engineering presents a Knower code of ER- and
SR+. The ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker
DR. The SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Natural
Sciences, and Military. For insights, this homology holds for Natural Sciences, and
ICT. For gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy,
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Military, and Sport Sciences.
Thus, Technology and Engineering is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Health and Welfare
In the Subject arena, Health and Welfare presents an Élite code, made of stronger
Epistemic Relations and stronger Social Relations. The ER+ is composed of a Purist
insight, comprising stronger Ontic Relations and stronger Discursive Relations. The
SR+ is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker Subjective Relations but
stronger Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences,
Natural Sciences, Military, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds for
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences, Military, and
Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences, and
Psychology. Thus, Health and Welfare is not perfectly homologous with any
discipline.
In the Researcher arena, the discipline presents a Knowledge code, comprising ER+
and SR-. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and
stronger DR. The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker SubR
and weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences. For
insights, this homology holds for Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences, and Psychology.
146

Oliver Saal
For gazes, this homology holds for Education, Social Sciences, and Administration
and Public Sector. Thus, Health and Welfare is not perfectly homologous with any
discipline.
In the Product arena, Health and Welfare presents a Knowledge code, with ER+ and
SR-. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and stronger
DR. The SR- is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but stronger
IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Social
Sciences, and Psychology. For insights, this homology holds with Education, Social
Sciences, Sport Sciences, Veterinary Sciences, and Psychology. For gazes, this
homology holds for Social Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. Thus, Health and
Welfare is perfectly homologous with Social Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences.
Health and Welfare is also statistically homologous with Psychology on two
dimensions of the extended 4-K level. Both show no significant differences in ObjectNetwork Relations, Subject-Network Relations, and Experiential Relations.
The homology between Health and Welfare and Social Sciences breaks down on the
extended 4-K level, with Health and Welfare presenting weaker Object-Network
Relations but stronger Procedural Relations. Health and Welfare also presents weaker
Subject-Network Relations and stronger Experiential Relations.
In the Grading arena, Health and Welfare presents an Élite code, with ER+ and SR+.
The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and stronger DR.
The SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger SubR but weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Social Sciences,
Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, and
Sport Sciences. For insights, this homology holds with Education, Social Sciences,
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary
Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Humanities, and Natural Sciences. Thus,
Health and Welfare is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
147

Oliver Saal

Military
In the Subject arena, Military presents an Élite code, comprising stronger Epistemic
Relations and stronger Social Relations. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight,
comprising stronger Ontic Relations and stronger Discursive Relations. The SR+ is
composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger Subjective Relations and stronger
Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences,
Natural Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Psychology. For insights, this homology
holds with Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences,
Health and Welfare, and Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds with
Judicial Sciences, and Natural Sciences. Thus, Military is perfectly homologous with
Judicial Sciences, and Natural Sciences.
In the Researcher arena, Military presents a Knower code, of ER- and SR+. The ERis composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The SR+
is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Technology
and Engineering, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, the homology
holds with Education, Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Administration and
Public Sector, ICT, and Sport Sciences. For gazes, the homology holds with Natural
Sciences, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Military is perfectly homologous with Sport
Sciences.
In the Product arena, Military also presents a Knower code with ER- and SR+. The
ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The
SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences, and
Technology and Engineering. For insights, this homology holds for ICT, and
Technology and Engineering. For gazes, this homology holds for Commerce and

148

Oliver Saal
Economy, Natural Sciences, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Military is not perfectly
homologous with any discipline.
In the Grading arena, Military presents a Knower code with ER- and SR+. The ER- is
composed of a Situational insight, comprising stronger OR but weaker DR. The SR+
is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Natural
Sciences, and Technology and Engineering. For insights, this homology holds for
Commerce and Economy. For gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences,
Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences,
Technology and Engineering, and Sport Sciences. Thus, Military is perfectly
homologous with Commerce and Economy.
Sport Sciences
In the Subject arena, Sport Sciences presents a Relativist code, containing weaker
Epistemic Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER- is composed of a
Knower/no insight, comprising weaker Ontic Relations and weaker Discursive
Relations. The SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, comprising weaker
Subjective Relations and weaker Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Humanities,
Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, ICT, and Technology and Engineering. For
insights, the homology holds with Education, Social Sciences, and ICT. For gazes, the
homology holds for Education, Humanities, Commerce and Economy, Administration
and Public Sector, and ICT. Thus, Sport Sciences is perfectly homologous with
Education, and ICT.
In the Researcher arena, the discipline presents a Knower code of ER- and SR+. The
ER- is composed of a Knower/no insight, comprising weaker OR and weaker DR. The
SR+ is composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Technology
and Engineering, Military, and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, the homology holds
149

Oliver Saal
for Education, Social Sciences, Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public
Sector, ICT, and Military. For gazes, the homology holds for Natural Sciences, and
Military. Thus, Sport Sciences is perfectly homologous with Military.
In the Product arena, the discipline presents an Élite code, of ER+ and SR+. The ER+
is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and stronger DR. The SR+ is
composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Commerce and
Economy, Natural Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For insights, this homology
holds for Education, Social Sciences, Health and Welfare, Veterinary Sciences, and
Psychology. For gazes, this homology holds for Commerce and Economy, and
Military. Thus, Sport Sciences is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
In the Grading arena, the discipline presents an Élite code, of ER+ and SR+. The ER+
is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and stronger DR. The SR+ is
composed of a Born gaze, comprising stronger SubR and stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Social Science,
Commerce and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, and
Health and Welfare. For insights, this homology holds for Education, Social Sciences,
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, and
Veterinary Sciences. For gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences, Commerce
and Economy, Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Technology and
Engineering, and Military. Thus, Sport Sciences is perfectly homologous with Social
Science, Administration and Public Sector, and Judicial Sciences.
The perfect homology breaks down on the extended 4-K level. Sport Sciences has
stronger Subject-Network Relations and stronger Experiential Relations, as well as
stronger Object-Network Relations and stronger Procedural Relations.
Independent-sample t-tests show that Sport Sciences is not significantly different from
Judicial Sciences and Sport Sciences on the ExR scale.

150

Oliver Saal
Veterinary Sciences
In the Subject arena, Veterinary Sciences presents a Knowledge code, comprising
stronger Epistemic Relations and weaker Social Relations. The ER+ is composed of a
Purist insight, comprising stronger Ontic Relations and stronger Discursive Relations.
The SR- is composed of a Social gaze, comprising stronger Subjective Relations but
weaker Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Administration and
Public Sector. For insights, this homology holds for Administration and Public Sector,
Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Military. For gazes, the
homology holds for Technology and Engineering. Thus, Veterinary Sciences is not
perfectly homologous with any discipline.
In the Researcher arena, Veterinary Sciences presents a Knower code of ER- and SR+.
The ER- is composed of a Situational insight, comprising stronger OR but weaker DR.
The SR+ is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Humanities, Technology
and Engineering, Military, and Sport Sciences. For insights, the homology holds with
Humanities. For gazes, the homology holds for Humanities, Commerce and Economy,
and Psychology. Thus, Veterinary Sciences is perfectly homologous with Humanities.
In the Product arena, Veterinary Sciences presents an Élite code of ER+ and SR+. The
ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and stronger DR. The
SR+ is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Commerce and
Economy, Natural Sciences, and Sport Sciences. For insights, this homology holds for
Education, Social Sciences, Health and Welfare, Sport Sciences, and Psychology. For
gazes, this homology holds for Social Sciences, Administration and Public Sector, and
Health and Welfare. Thus, Veterinary Sciences is perfectly homologous with Social
Sciences, and Health and Welfare.

151

Oliver Saal
In the Grading arena, Veterinary Sciences presents a Knowledge code containing ER+
and SR-. The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and
stronger DR. The SR- is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but
stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, and
Psychology. For insights, this homology holds for Education, Social Sciences,
Administration and Public Sector, Judicial Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Sport
Sciences. For gazes, the discipline is not homologous with any other discipline. Thus,
Veterinary Sciences is not perfectly homologous with any discipline.
Psychology
In the Subject arena, Psychology presents an Élite code, comprising stronger Epistemic
Relations and stronger Social Relations. The ER+ is composed of a Doctrinal insight,
comprising weaker Ontic Relations but stronger Discursive Relations. The SR+ is
composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker Subjective Relations but stronger
Interactional Relations.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Judicial Sciences,
Natural Sciences, Health and Welfare, and Military. For insights, the homology holds
for Technology and Engineering. For gazes, the homology holds for Social Sciences,
and Health and Welfare. Thus, Psychology is not perfectly homologous with any
discipline.
In the Researcher arena, the discipline presents another Élite code of ER+ and SR+.
The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, comprising stronger OR and stronger DR.
The SR+ is composed of a Cultivated gaze, comprising weaker SubR but stronger IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Natural Sciences. For
insights, the homology holds for Judicial Sciences, Natural Sciences, and Health and
Welfare. For gazes, the homology holds for Humanities, Commerce and Economy, and
Veterinary Sciences. Thus, Psychology is not perfectly homologous with any
discipline.

152

Oliver Saal
Independent-samples t-tests confirm that Psychology is not significantly different from
Natural Sciences in either the ER or the SR scales in the Subject and Researcher
arenas. The SR t-test assumes unequal variance.
In the Product arena, the discipline presents a Knowledge code, with ER+ and SR-.
The ER+ is composed of a Purist insight, with stronger OR and stronger DR. The SRis composed of a Trained/blank gaze, with weaker SubR and weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, Social
Sciences, and Health and Welfare. For insights, this homology holds with Education,
Social Sciences, Health and Welfare, Sport Sciences, and Veterinary Sciences. For
gazes, this homology holds for Education. Thus, Psychology is perfectly homologous
with Education.
Psychology is also statistically homologous with Health and Welfare on two
dimensions of the extended 4-K level. Both show no significant differences in ObjectNetwork Relations, Subject-Network Relations, and Experiential Relations.
The homology between Psychology and Education breaks down on the extended 4-K
level, with Psychology presenting stronger Object-Network Relations and stronger
Procedural Relations.
In the Grading arena, the discipline presents a Knowledge code, with ER+ and SR-.
The ER+ is composed of a Doctrinal insight, with weaker OR but stronger DR. The
SR- is composed of a Trained/blank gaze, with weaker SubR and weaker IR.
On the Specialization level, the discipline is homologous with Education, and
Veterinary Sciences. For insights, this homology holds with Humanities. For gazes,
this homology holds for Education, and ICT. Thus, Psychology is not perfectly
homologous with any discipline.

153

