Tommy Hämäläinen

COMMUNICATION STRATEGIES FOR PRODUCING
HIGHER QUALITY EXPERT WORK

Master’s Thesis in Governance of
Digitalization
Supervisors: D.Sc. Anna Sell
Dr Tech. Jerker Björkqvist
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and
Economics
Åbo Akademi University
Åbo 2020

ABSTRACT
Subject: Governance of Digitalization
Writer: Tommy Hämäläinen
Title: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work
Supervisors: Anna Sell, Jerker Björkqvist
Abstract: This thesis is a part of the EDGE – Edge Analytics for Smart Diagnostics in
Digital Machinery Concept -project conducted by Finnish research consortium of Åbo
Akademi University, Tampere University, University of Vaasa and 11 participative
companies. The study focuses on widely recognized long-term challenges on how interorganizational communication could be improved to achieve better research results in
terms of sharing the emerging knowledge and potential IPR derived from this project
and in future. The initial expectations from the thesis were digitalization oriented but
the directive interviews at the beginning revealed that issues are not purely technically
centered but involve psychological and managerial dimensions as well.
Two applied and mutually supportive research methods were long-term Participatory
Action Research to understand the collaboration throughout and theme interviews for
businesses to pinpoint the potential challenges and latent reasons. Researchers’
opinions were gathered by discussing every week.
As assumed the thesis did not result in one grand solution of communication issues due
to the scope and complexity of the research setting and the extent of the EDGE project.
Yet, technically and operationally practical solutions were found including weekly
newsletter, alternative conference software, meeting types for knowledge transfer and
design for improving information and communication with Microsoft Teams.
Keywords: CSCW, knowledge management, university-industry, information
dissemination, groupware
Date: 26.2.2020

Number of pages: 59

i

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1

INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................ 1
1.1

Aim and research questions ........................................................................ 2

2

EDGE ANALYTICS PROJECT ........................................................................... 3

3

LITERATURE REVIEW ...................................................................................... 6
3.1

Knowledge work as part of consortium projects ........................................ 6

3.2

CSCW and KM systems ............................................................................ 11

3.3

Social collocation in knowledge work ....................................................... 18

3.4
Medias for communication ........................................................................ 20
3.4.1 Teams and Office 365 .............................................................................. 21
3.4.2 Slack ....................................................................................................... 25
3.4.3 Zoom ....................................................................................................... 27
4

RESEARCH METHODOLOGY ......................................................................... 28
4.1

5

Participatory Action Research .................................................................. 31

RESEARCH ....................................................................................................... 35
5.1

Current communication and dissemination ............................................. 35

5.2

Groupware analysis and suggestions ........................................................ 41

5.3
Strategic development suggestions for communication and information
dissemination ......................................................................................................... 47
6

DISCUSSION ..................................................................................................... 57

REFERENCES ........................................................................................................... 60
APPENDICES ............................................................................................................ 68

ii

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

1 INTRODUCTION
In order to establish suitable and natural improvements for communication strategy, we
must first understand the collaborative environment shared by academia and business
corporations. In the process of analyzing this environment, I studied theories of
knowledge management to understand individual communication behavior of knowledge
workers at universities as well as in the private sector. After understanding the concept of
knowledge management, I made pre-evaluations via interviews about the current state of
communication in order to indicate possible issues and opportunities and how they could
and should be improved. Found solutions were mutually compared and new ones created
if necessary.
The improvements involve the concept of digitalization because of the current trend of
remote work justified by efficiency and modern work being detached from locations and
facilities. From a practical point of view, I also studied the opportunities and benefits of
university researchers being physically located at the premises of corporations during a
collaborative project.
The topic of this study is considered nationally important within the Finnish research
consortium. It has been noted during previous collaborative projects that there is tangible
demand for improved communication strategies, not limited to digital solutions, but
comprehensive solutions where digitalization is the key features. As a side note, the
pressure on universities to accomplish and publish meaningful research results in general,
and to secure supportive and diverse financing sources apart from the local governments
is an eminent and global issue (Edmondson et al., 2012).
The framework of the thesis is to first analyze and define knowledge management and
collaborative project management in university-industry type case project: Edge
Analytics for Smart Diagnostics in Digital Machinery Concept – EDGE. After that I
continue to methodological part, which is built around the theory of Participatory Action
Research (PAR). Under the PAR method, researchers are discussed with and formal
interviews are conducted concerning prevalent communication opinions of business
participants. Practically oriented suggestions for communication and information
dissemination based on PAR are created and tested together with the project consortium
to select the best practices to establish.
1

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

1.1 Aim and research questions
The purpose of this thesis is to provide practical improvement suggestions concerning the
communication and dissemination of information in collaborative projects between
universities and companies. The improvements are needed in order to achieve more
monetary and intellectual value for businesses, share IPR more broadly within all
participants and derive more research publications. The communication and information
dissemination in this thesis are approached from modern digital and traditional nondigital perspectives. Modern digital perspective focuses on whether the theory of
computer-supported cooperation work could improve the communication, e.g. what kind
of benefits groupware applications such as Microsoft Teams could provide in interorganizational projects. Non-digital perspective focuses on face-to-face communication,
including meetings, workshops and collocated social work at the business premises.
Concerning the information dissemination, the thesis focuses on the most suitable ways
to share information between the participants. The participation rate of meetings and
events is analyzed in order to estimate their efficiency from knowledge sharing
perspective. Therefore, the thesis aims to answer to what is the best balance between faceto-face and computer-mediated communication.
The thesis is not about a comparison between traditional communication means, such as
calling and emailing, to computer-mediated software, because they are viewed as a part
of basic communication. Instead, the comparison is done between social collocation and
remote communication. Research questions are formed firstly to understand prevailing
state of communication, then to improve the communication strategically and lastly to
find tools and modes of operation for information sharing.
This study aims to discover what is the current state of communication and information
dissemination, what kind of strategic development suggestions could be implemented for
communication in the project and how to improve dissemination of information in the
project.

2

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

2 EDGE ANALYTICS PROJECT
This master’s thesis is a part of larger, collaborative Edge Analytics for Smart Diagnostics
in Digital Machinery Concept (EDGE) -project. The project started in September 2018 in
cooperation of the research consortium of Tampere University (TUNI), Åbo Akademi
University (ÅAU), the University of Vaasa (UVA) and 11 participating Finnish
companies. The university consortium and industries of the companies are presented in
Figure 1. (EDGE research plan 2018, 1.)

Figure 1 EDGE participants (Adapted from EDGE research plan 2018, 4)

The main objective of the EDGE -project is to research and demonstrate opportunities of
onsite computing and processing via utilization of sensor technology in order to achieve
safety-critical operations irrespective of communication issues. In addition, the real-time
processing could enable decreased costs in data transfers and improve overall energy
efficiency and general environmental friendliness, while being supported by cloud
computing. (EDGE research plan 2018, 4-5.) An estimation of data transfer quantity and
related costs can be demonstrated via an example of Airbus A350 generating 2.5 terabytes
of data per day with its 6000 sensors combined (Björkqvist 2018), with onsite smart
analytics the requirements of transferring such large data quantities could be decreased.
Participating companies of the consortium represent a complementary group consisting
of machine manufacturers, machine maintenance companies, sensor technology providers

3

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

and IoT data companies specialized in modelling, smart analytics, AI etc. The core
principles of the project are that participants proceed with simultaneous demonstrations
according to and supported by theoretical and practical findings and results achieved in
cooperation with the three universities. (EDGE research plan 2018, 4.)
The research topics of the EDGE project are divided into three work packages (WP’s).
WP1: Edge analytics methodology, WP2: Validation through demonstrations and WP3:
Dissemination and cooperation model. The thesis focuses on WP3 whose initial and
official objective is defined as improving the collaboration of the project partners in order
to achieve better dissemination and popularization of research results, as well as increased
added value for the participatory companies. One pre-defined aspect to the issue is to
study opportunities of joint working environments in the premises of the companies,
varying from 1-12 months, for example as visiting experts or dedicated project
consultants. Physical presence could bring potential additional value especially when
working in test laboratories or similar situations. The need to find solutions concerning
issues around the WP3 has raised from experiences of similar previous collaborative
projects. (EDGE research plan 2018, 13-14.)
Figure 2 is simplified comparison of different relationships recognized between the
EDGE participants. The arrows describe the mutual relationships including the
communication. In scenario A, the universities cooperate with the two units of a same
business corporation but not actively with each other. Therefore, knowledge transfer
depends how well the information flows through the participants. Scenario B is linear,
and communication flows by multiple organizations and is often dependent on certain
researchers and business professionals. Information from University X may change until
it has reached the Company Y or may not even reach it if a key contact person is missing
in between. C -scenario is the most common and similar to B. The University Y knows
the most about everything because they communicate with everyone. Companies may be
rivals or have not been introduced to each other, so they do not communicate. The
University X is dependent on University Y when it wants to interact with Company X.

4

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Figure 2 University-industry networks in EDGE project

To underline further, information flows are highly dependent on persons. Changes in
university or company personnel changes the communication. Therefore, relying only to
personal network for information flow is prone to misconceptions and inefficiency. In the
end, figure 2 is simplified because there are numerous strong and weak but latent
scenarios of connections between people and organization level.

5

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

3 LITERATURE REVIEW
The relevant theories and background information substantive to topic are at first limited
by broad concepts of knowledge management and collaborative project management.
Under the concept of knowledge management, I analyze and try to comprehend in
particularly how highly skilled professionals work and act in organizations such as
universities and private companies.
After the literature review of knowledge management, I continue from analyzing
individuals to collaborative environments where professionals form different kind of
groups driven by mutual goals. As a part of the literature review of the collaborative
project management I also study practical concepts as well as tools currently used or
available, to develop communication strategies in the particular collaborative context.
The practical approaches to be studied are related to means of using information
technology as a major enabler as well as a platform of communication. For example, the
theory of “Computer-supported cooperative work” as well as concepts related to latent
opportunities and potential efficiency of working physically close by, such as in
workshops or as a team in the facilities of participative companies, will be examined.

3.1 Knowledge work as part of consortium projects
There remains a lack of universally shared consensus as to how to unambiguously define
the term knowledge management (KM). For instance, what knowledge management
means, what belongs to it and what does not. (Dalkir 2011, 15.) However, the typical
starting point for the most accurate definition is noting that knowledge itself is an
individual’s perceptions in relation to previous experiences reflected to the current
situation, which emerges as a “tacit” knowledge possessed only by the specific individual.
The opposite of tacit knowledge is “explicit” knowledge, which can be demonstrated as
information able to be articulated or shared with others in an easy manner, such as by
written or otherwise stored format. (Dalkir 2011, 9-10.) Nevertheless, although often
misunderstood, knowledge management is more than rendering the tacit knowledge into
explicit formats (Dalkir 2011, 11).

6

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

According to Dalkir, even though a universal definition for KM is difficult to establish, it
is more important to clarify the meaning of KM based on prevailing context in relation to
associated organizational structures. In other words, a proper understanding and
utilization of KM as a basic framework for purposes of improving a communication
strategy should be grounded by first deciding together what is meant by KM from the
specific perspective. (Dalkir 2011, 14.)
Knowledge management can be explored from numerous perspectives, such as
managerial, technological or character of an individual. The managerial approach may
focus on what is important or valued by a professional employee in order to remain
productive, or how to motivate organizational networking. In addition, the managerial
approach ensures that the right kind of knowledge is maintained, and that it is interpreted
correctly throughout the organization. The technological aspect is more related to
transforming knowledge into tangible formats and improving their availability for the
benefit of the institution often referred to as organizational memory. However, it is also
important to maintain the organizational memory as easy to use as possible, otherwise the
utilization may remain superficial or become stressful and turn against the purpose.
Common for every KM aspect is that via tacit information they strive towards efficient
and comprehensive “networking” which extends through time and increases overall value
for the organization. (Tan 2016, 526; Dalkir 2011, 25-26.)
Referring to the personal characteristics of knowledge workers such as researchers, we
can hardly make unambiguous stereotypical assumptions, but the existence of
stereotypical characteristics and their potential influence are essential to recognize.
Nevertheless, there are some indications that people who become scientists tend to see
phenomena and issues from unique perspectives and to question assumptions more often
than average. In addition, the similarly oriented people may view the world more
objectively in comparison, and therefore in extreme cases even consider themselves as
outsiders in the norms of society. (Vuorinen, 2019.)
Regardless of stereotypical behaviour linked to professions, Bryson indicates that in the
end all communication depends on interpersonal features that are again derived from
personal history, cultural values, attitudes, expectations etc. Therefore, the objectivity of
a message and the choice of communication media becomes highly irrelevant if
mentioned interpersonal features do not match at all between participants. As a solution,

7

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Bryson suggests that business managers can improve their communication abilities by
simply being more accessible towards subordinates. Also, consistent division of
responsibilities between teams and departments enhances clarification. (Bryson 2011,
246-247.) Burke and Chidambaram suggested in 1995 in their study that every project
management should align more resources for communication, such as implementing
versatile communication medias, especially in the beginning of a project and decrease it
over time (Burke & Chidambaram 1995, 231).
McGrath proposes in his study about group work that large groups have usually active
and task-oriented subgroups that accomplish things under the main goal. Therefore,
attendance or observation of e.g. the major group meetings may not usually capture the
whole picture about what is achieved within the whole group. McGrath also underlines
that a certain issue concerning especially large research groups is that the information is
derived mainly from the said meetings, which may limit the knowledge dissemination.
(McGrath 1991, 152.)
In the perspective of disseminating knowledge or information within a business
environment, it is rather common to exaggerate or manipulate facts to make them more
attractive. This habit is widely recognized and typically taken into consideration. (Mehta,
Mehta & Mehta 2013, 12.) However, in collaborative projects within academia and
businesses, the value of collaboration, especially the reciprocal findings are partly
dependent on reliability. Businesses must trust the academia in order to make decisions
according to their findings, which therefore puts the researchers into an influential
position. From the perspective of knowledge sharing, building and maintaining trust in
an extensive project requires propitious inter-organizational culture in which participants
are committed to interact openly, ask and give advice and especially rationalize why
things are done in one way or another. (Gupta & Govindarajan, 2000; Hooff & Huysaman,
2009.) Hence, the trust can be considered as the foundation where knowledge sharing
culture can be established.
One important factor in knowledge sharing process within inter-organizations, after a
mutual bond of trust is reached and an open culture has been established, is willingness
to help. A group may enjoy an atmosphere of respect, but if participants feel emotional
distance among themselves, they will not probably help each other, not easily at least.

8

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Helping is in this case associated with knowledge sharing. (Brief & Motowidlo 1986;
Jarvenpaa & Staples 2001, 156.)
Serendipity is often referred to encountering of new interesting or valuable things by an
occurrence of a chance (Austin, 2003; Lexico 2019). Though, typical innovation
processes and development work in traditional organizations are associated with
designated meetings for brainstorming. In addition, classic office spaces have usually
personal rooms for employees to improve industrial peace, and people tend to gather in
common premises mostly around the coffee breaks. According to a doctoral thesis by
Buser, those two factors – the controlled meetings and the individual rooms – limit the
potential innovation ability of the workforce. Buser discloses that employees tend to be
the most innovative during free discussions and organizations should therefore reserve
enough free time for creative interaction and dissemination of knowledge. Referring to
office designs, Buser suggests organizations to listen their employees’ wishes in
designing the workspaces to balance between opportunities for serendipity but also foster
own peace when necessary. (Räisänen, 2019.)
University-industry is key terms used to refer to collaboration between academia and
private corporations. To comprehend the consortium type of projects better, it is helpful
to distinguish difference between co-creation and co-production. The former indicates a
relationship where supplier provides independent component or unit, which as integrated
to customer’s product, forms an entity of value creation. The latter refers to cooperative
action of supplier and customer to produce the entity. (Vargo & Luch, 2008.) Referring
to the university-industry environment, the co-creation would be the best described as a
one-way linear process for university to supply knowledge as a consultancy service for
companies to complement their goods. Instead, during the co-production the parties
would work in tandem, e.g. the researchers exchanging information and the best practices
together with the business partners towards mutual goals. (Cohen, Nelson & Walsh,
2002.)
Madhavaram and Hunt (2008) propose a division of two resources within universityindustry: operand and operant resources. The operand resources are mostly physical or
tangible materials. The operant resources are intangible or abstract, such as knowledge,
but also processes, networks, competences, human capital and capabilities can be
considered as the operant resources. (Edvardsson et al. 2011.) Chesbrough (2003) and

9

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Rese et al. (2013) underline that especially in collaborative research and development
projects the involved human capital should preferably hold diverse and mutually
complementary knowledge in individual levels as well in order to come up with the best
solutions. In other words, the most ideal team member should know interdisciplinary
supportive skills such as technology and psychology related.
According to suggestions made in study by Kitchener (2002), in general, one element
behind successful projects is relatively informal and flexible management methods.
Somekh (2006) supports this approach profoundly by referring to Lewin’s Field Theory,
B = f(p,e), where behaviour (B) is determined by personality (p) and environment (e).
From the perspective of management theory, this means that the personality does not
determine, as traditionally supposed, the individual’s behaviour in the work environment,
but is rather in interaction with the environment. Therefore, the company management
can recognize and affect the behaviour at least in some extent by creating a supportive
environment or focus on personal psychological tendencies and support them. (Somekh
2006, 52.)
Banal-Estañol et al. studied the reliance between the number of research collaborations
and their quality within the university-industry. They conclude that the more research
experiences the private organization partner has, the more valuable the collaboration
usually is. In addition, another finding is that overall benefits of the collaboration are
mostly related to mutual suitability of partners in a way that research oriented private
organizations benefit typically the most out of the university partnerships. Suggested
methodology to pre-estimate the grade of research orientation is to investigate the history
of the companies’ collaborative projects and the amount of them, and perhaps even find
similar cases and inquire the experiences and analyze the results. (Banal-Estañol, MachoStadler, Pérez-Castrillo 2013.)
As a summary, to manage and transfer knowledge any project should begin by
establishing a common understanding what is considered essential to disseminate and
record into organizational memory. Focus should also be appointed to convenience of
knowledge retrieval processes and methodologies. Also, the knowledge transfer is
affected by personalities and established organizational habits. Because knowledge is
typically shared over the traditional borders of teams and units, the information derived
from general meetings can be deficient.

10

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

To work the best, inter-organizational knowledge sharing requires commitment, trust and
openness. The sharing and cooperation can be co-created or preferably co-produced for
improved overall benefits. In cooperation the diversity among project members is often a
major benefit. Despite the personal cohesion of knowledge transfer, it can be sometimes
affected by managing the working environment. In the end, successfulness of universityindustry projects can be estimated referring to previous similar projects.

3.2 CSCW and KM systems
“The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each
individual” – Vince Lombardi (Lombardi, 2019). Even though the previous quote by the
NFL coach Vince Lombardi (1913-1970) is very cliché, it manages to encapsulate well
the key process of an expert organization: the cooperation between skilled individuals.
The organization in our case refers to an extended structure of distinct participants with
common goals.
Referring to the previous chapter about the knowledge management, coherent and
contextually shared definition of KM helps organizations and their extended networks to
understand, but more importantly, to manage better the dissemination of the tacit and the
explicit information. The emergence of information and communications technology in
the 1950’s, and for example the establishment of Advanced Research Projects Agency
Network (ARPANET), which was the early version of the Internet that we know today,
in 1969 marked a significant change in distribution and publication of knowledge towards
systematic means. (Dalkir 2011, 17.)
Over the years, as we all recognize, the role of computers and Internet has become very
essential in the knowledge work by almost every standard. Especially the Internet has
improved everything from ease of access to dissemination of information. Internet
increased the interaction between professionals but also multiplied the interaction
methods. One of the great theories around the alternative means of the modern
collaborative interaction is the Computer-supported cooperative work (CSCW). It was
coined in 1984 by Irene Greif and Paul Cashman as an academic topic for workshop
focusing on how computers could support work arrangements. Nowadays the CSCW is
often considered as an umbrella term for computer associated collaborative work theories.
(Schmidt 2011, 46; Baecker et al. 1995, 741.)
11

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Even though there is a lack of universal consensus about what the CSCW is nowadays
and what it is not, the initial thought behind the theory is that because the society is about
interaction between individuals, the work is also always socially mediated. However,
from a perspective of process, the work does not need to be done in collocated and
immediate cooperation, and this is when the CSCW comes into picture. (Schmidt 2011,
32, 45; Baecker et al. 1995, 741.) In the basic level, Schmidt describes the CSCW as
modelling social systems into “computerized systems or formats”, meaning a
transformation of humane elements into concepts of interactive technological systems.
The CSCW can be applied in alternative ways, such as by defining organizational roles
or rules, patterns of communication or the level of involvement in collaboration. (Schmidt
2011, 43-44, 47.)
The CSCW matrix was originally created in 1988 by Robert Johansen (Penichet et al.
2007, 239). The key technological terms used together with the CSCW research is
“groupware” of which alternative dimensions are presented in Figure 3. The groupware
stands for shared applications or platforms used to conduct group assignments both
synchronously and asynchronously in collocated spaces or remotely. At the basic level,
an email can be considered as one of the earliest and the most widely utilized examples
of successful asynchronous remote groupware applications. (Baecker et al. 1995, 741.)

Figure 3 The CSCW matrix (Adapted from Baecker et. al 1995, 742)

The two different dimensions of the matrix, time (horizontal) and space (vertical),
represent namely the key attributes of the specific tools belonging under each topic.
12

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Synchronous tools or applications can be explained in other words for example as
“simultaneously interactive tools” that can be used in a single location or in remotely,
regardless the distance. (Penichet et al. 2007, 239.) The key feature of synchronous
sessions is that all users see always the interactions and updates immediately (Nuno et al.
2006, 229). Good examples of collocated synchronous applications, herein Face-to-Face
interactions, can be conference room screens watched in a group together or when
someone is showing something from a screen of their tablet computer. In turn, practical
demonstrations of remote synchronous tools, called in matrix by “Remote interactions”,
are Skype discussions, chatting in Teams or Slack etc. Fundamentally, any kind of
computer-mediated real time conversations are remote interactions.
The asynchronous applications are divided between Continuous tasks, and
Communication and Coordination. The Continuous tasks, sometimes referred as Ongoing
tasks as well, refer to tools shared by team but not used simultaneously – such as digital
bulletin boards at the company premises or designated team rooms to work on projects
that need specific digital instruments used in turns. The communication and coordination
represent the typical CSCW ideology such as email as previously introduced but includes
also private company Wiki’s, corporate databases and shared group calendars. (Baecker
et al. 1995, 742; St. Germain 2015.)
Because of the matrix shape with four quadrants, the model does not include the latest
addition to groupware concept; “all-in-one” kind of multi-synchronous applications, such
as Teams software by Microsoft, that involve both synchronous and asynchronous
dimensions. For example, the software has online chat functions (synchronous) as well
as document collaboration and Wiki features (asynchronous). (Teams 2019.) Multisynchronous groupware is, in theory, very close to ideal groupware as it reflects the
natural type of teamwork where professionals contribute both in teams but also as
individuals in isolated environments (Nuno et al. 2006, 230). However, in a broad sense,
many all-in-one IT systems share the common issues of being vulnerable for single errors
potentially paralyzing or even crashing the whole Business-IT ecosystem, being complex
to update by either in-house or outsourced IT support and in general decreasing the
flexibility to implement quick modifications or switch the provider. (Aubert et al. 2016,
179.)

13

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

It is important to acknowledge that CSCW is not about disruption or challenging current
organizational patterns of cooperation, rather to support flexibility. From system
perspective, the CSCW should facilitate the opportunities for users to e.g. innovate via
interaction and to explore and regenerate improved information. Patterns of
communication are part of the CSCW because they compromise important collaborative
elements, such as negotiations, mutual involvement and “sharing” of organizational
behaviour. (Schmidt 2011, 43.)
In his book, Schmidt manages to summarize the universal goals of CSCW by raising
questions such as: “Why do people work together and how computers can enhance their
cooperation?” or “How to support users when designing socially natural models into
CSCW?” (Schmidt 2011, 43). He also provides a practical example how CSCW works as
an application perspective: the SABRE -system of airline seat reservations. SABRE is
used simultaneously worldwide by travel agencies and carriers to book the same seats of
same airplanes. Therefore, they work in very tight cooperation but without actual
communication and in case of e.g. double booking, the issue is solved outside the SABRE
system rather than inside it. (Schmidt 2011, 57-58.)
SABRE is a great example of the system architectural complexity of CSCW application,
because it is semi-automated supportive tool built for users to enable collaborative
efficiency, and it works because the operative information does not rely on human
interpretation. During years, numerous attempts to automate office work has failed, often
because system developers have neglected the eminent reliance of “human-in-the-loop”
or have tried to involve it too much into the system, leading to complicated and
unsystematic solutions. Typical issue concerning attempts of modelling automation into
the knowledge work in office environment is the decisive role of ‘informal’ interactions,
meaning discussions as well as psychological relations within the organization. For
instance, employees A and B could be professionally an ideal work pair, but emergence
of negative personal traits may reduce or prevent important informal interactions resulting
into fractured interchange of tacit knowledge, despite the potentiality of available CSCW
applications (Ambos & Schlegelmilch 2009, 496; Schmidt 2011, 60), particularly if
rearranging the environment is not taken or cannot be taken into consideration as referred
in field theory earlier.

14

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

To avoid issue mentioned above, Schmidt underlines the importance of pursuing
supportive role with CSCW concept. A good system should enable user-based adaptations
according to prevailing situations, and sometimes even modify the whole model in
reference to developing organization. But at the most, the system should work as a
resource where to draw information, not as a restrictive plan to follow. (Schmidt 2011,
62-63.) Furthermore, from resource perspective the level and type of ‘content’ in the
common information space, modelled into system, gets highlighted. Simplified: the more
collaborators share the common information space, the more complex the system
becomes. A group of scientists may take certain information for granted that is necessary
for business participants to be described in detail, and vice versa. (Schmidt 2011, 66-67.)
“Unless you focus on people, process and content, you are never going to actually have a
knowledge system worth accessing in the first place.” – Senior Manager in an interview
about KM systems. In a comprehensive survey, 32 out of 34 managers from nine different
countries, representing six out of fifteen largest international consulting companies
(McKinsey, Cap Gemini and Deloitte etc.), underlined that regardless of sophisticated
digital knowledge management systems, they would prefer to call people rather than try
to seek information from their designated knowledge repository systems. (Ambos &
Schlegelmilch 2009, 493, 496.)
The KM systems are seen frequently as a “necessary evil tool” used for superfluous
reporting. Half of the previously mentioned consulting companies cleaned their KM
archives routinely, others just let them expand endlessly, albeit admitting there are no
good practices to follow. (Ambos & Schlegelmilch 2009, 497.) Overly extended systems
may result to information overload leading potentially to multiple issues: users may find
the process of scanning information too exhausting or being in first place too overly
informed by relevant and irrelevant information in order to assemble sound opinions or
decisions. (Bryson 2011, 246.) Therefore, one major issue within KM systems is how to
motivate and reward users for sharing and retrieving the information properly. (Osterloh
et al. 2002). Lepac and Snell (1999), as well as Fong and Chu (2006) proposed in their
studies that information overload emerges contrariwise as well; in former study the
employees and in latter the academics both were afraid of losing their value within their
organizations if they would share their professionally related knowledge too much.

15

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Rewarding for something very abstract such as knowledge sharing is always difficult,
especially because the value of information can change very rapidly or became more
valuable later. Nevertheless, in academia, rewarding the personnel for purposeful
research and work in general is important in order to attract and retain them in long-term,
but also to build and maintain knowledge sharing culture (Kilmann 1989).
A relatively comprehensive article review by Olsson, Jarusriboonchai, Woniak,
Paasovaara, Väänänen and Lucero was conducted between 2015-2018 around the topic
of ‘Enhancing collocated social interaction via prototyping’. In total of 2240 abstracts
published between 1980’s to 2017 were reviewed of which 92 papers were selected into
final corpus. According to their review, the field of CSCW research is strongly focused
on encouragement via technological innovations, or more precisely, technological
mediations for “breaking the ice” to trigger interaction. They underline that the field is
lacking studies about how to maintain collective activity or dialog or cultivate quality of
social interaction in the long-term. (Olsson et al. 2019.)
Reasoning for such unbalance is proposed in article review by Väänänen-Vainio-Mattila
et al. (2015) where they state that technology oriented HCI research (human-computerinteraction) is heavily engineering based and therefore the research gap to problem-based
design orientation diminishes the applicability of found solutions for more specific
situations. Thus, many CSCW applications evaluated by Olsson et al. are very modest
and simple “technology explorations” usable for general purposes of meeting new people
e.g. in conferences or increasing changes of interaction within office premises. The most
solutions for both are being mobile based introduction applications to lower boundaries
for discussion. Industrially revolutionary and widely implemented new applications like
SABRE -systems are rarely founded. Also, at the end of their review, Olsson and his
colleagues suggest that one explanation for difficulty to find non-technical centered or
“user oriented” research in CSCW field is very likely the lack of established vocabulary:
researchers in the field confuse enabling with facilitating and provide inconsistent
definitions for instance ‘enhancement’ and ‘collocated social interaction’. (Olsson et al.
2019.)
Jarvenpaa and Staples provide some optimism into system perspective of knowledge
management. They underline that information technology has improved the entire
knowledge management concept. Nowadays people can exchange ideas many ways

16

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

regardless of their physical presence and in particularly the cost of sharing information
has imploded. They also refer to Davenport’s thoughts about how crucial e.g. the
enterprise resource planning systems have become. (Jarvenpaa & Staples 2001, 152)
One universal solution for reducing the complexity is consistent and shared phraseology,
especially if CSCW system involves “handbook”-like features important to understand
by same standards (Schmidt 2011, 69). Canhoto et al. confirm in their study that shared
and consistently utilized phraseology is indeed a key element which allows more rapid
exchange of information. The relative importance between key and non-key terminology
often fades if overall meaning of the context changes due to slight inaccuracy emerging
even in the details. (Canhoto et al. 2016, 90.)
In addition, De Long & Fahey refer to study by Davenport from 1998 stating that
information technology and digitalization are major enablers for knowledge sharing, but
in the end, they have very little impact if the organizational culture and practices for
knowledge sharing are not well grounded. (De Long & Fahey 2000, 120; Davenport
1998.) Nevertheless, now that we understand the role of technology in comprehensive
knowledge management and sharing better, we can analyze alternative communication
medias that could perhaps enable improved dissemination of knowledge as well as
information.
As a summary, the CSCW is the foundation theory for modern computer aided knowledge
exchange. CSCW theory eases the human related interactive work by computer support.
In practice, CSCW is often implemented via groupware which enables social work apart
from time and space. Groupware should be used as support respecting the humane
features, otherwise it can become complicated with low engagement. Lack of proper
repository management subjects also to risks of groupware systems leading to
information overload. However, low engagement may also derive from fear of losing
professional value due knowledge exchange, and therefore righteous organizational
culture is key element to successful knowledge sharing. Lately, the CSCW research has
focused how technology could bring people together but lacked topics how to increase
sustainable knowledge exchange. Though, there are recent breakthroughs such as
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) -systems.

17

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

3.3 Social collocation in knowledge work
Social collocation is interaction between individuals who share time and place. It is used
as a terminology especially in CSCW research to describe mediated interaction often
affected by the trends of remote work (Olsson et al. 2019). Burke and Chidambaram’s
study suggested that face-to-face, remote interactive and remote turn-based cooperation
had no significant divergence in cohesiveness and performance (Burke & Chidambaram
1995, 231).
However, referring to initial research by Williams about ‘ostracism’ which means
ignoring individuals in groups, Sacco and Ismail suggest in their follow-up paper that
face-to-face interaction indeed increases social belonging, positive mood and self-esteem.
In comparison, they found out that online chatting in control group resulted to lower
engagement and poorer interest to continue conversation in addition to lesser extends of
formerly mentioned three positive characterlike achievements. Although the levels of
anxiety were much higher in face-to-face conditions, it did not impair the overall superior
benefits. (Sacco & Ismail 2014, 362-363.)
An interview-based study in field of university-industry research by Canhoto et al.
underlines the hypothesis that regular meetings in consortium type projects to exchange
information or solve a specific issue are considered very essential. Though, attitudes
towards benefits and usefulness of computer-mediated communication divides the
interviewees. Officially undefined, but approximately half of the business representatives
consider the computer-mediation very valuable in perspective of cost efficiency and
easiness. Some instead see face-to-face meetings crucial to build mutual trust or view
CSCW solutions unnecessary referring that consortium projects have been innovative
before the establishment of Internet in the first place. (Canhoto et al. 2016, 90.)
Verbal as well as nonverbal communication are mutually important in all kind of business
meetings, but also in general human interaction. Nonverbal communication consists of
countless factors from body language, conscious and unconscious signals, dressing,
intonation, eye contact, fascial expressions etc. that define the actual content of the
messages. Body language involves e.g. emotions and physical gestures, and even their
change during conversations is as important as what they represent as themselves.

18

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

(Peleckis, Peleckiene & Peleckis 2015, 71.) As an example, a clenched fist can indicate
several things and the interpretation is related to what is done before and after the gesture.
The significance of nonverbal communication is related to behaviour, personality and
skills of the speaker as well as the listener. However, since humans do unconscious
movements, a listener who scratches their head while still agreeing verbally, may reveal
to speaker that message was not probably understood properly, and if possible, can try to
explain again in subtly sense if necessary. (Peleckis, Peleckiene & Peleckis 2015, 64.)
Discretion and pursuit of mutual respect may sometimes lead to situation where a
response is indicated regardless if message was understood in a conversation. Hereby, we
can assume that if conversion is being held over telephone, there exists higher risks for
miscommunication than in face-to-face discussions as body language cannot be
interpreted.
A good method to enable and organize social collocation are collaborative workshops. In
study by Choi et al. (2018) they refer with the term “collaborative” to partnership between
client and agency. In general, workshops are collaborative short events for purposes of
working together to solve a predefined issue or for an active exchange of ideas while
processing some common subject (Terwiesch & Loch, 2004). According to study by Choi
et al., meaningful and well-organized workshops usually result to fruitful cooperation
which may change a typical supplier-provider scenario towards more dynamic form, a
co-creation. It has been suggested that collaborative workshops are great for advancing
communication as the parties understanding of the same topic becomes more uniform via
active discussions and sharing personal point of views. In addition, synergies are often
built based on collective intelligence resulting to co-ideation. (Choi et al. 2018.)
Successful workshops are noted to enhance also the steering of a project’s direction,
which again may decrease risks in all segments but also the costs in general. Even if
solutions to predefined issues would not be found during the workshop, sometimes only
achieving a common understanding of the problem may be enough for solving it after the
actual workshop. Tools for ideation in workshops can vary for example from brain
storming to image mapping and prototyping. (Choi et al. 2018.)

19

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

3.4 Medias for communication
The interviews with company representatives and discussions with the researchers about
the current communication methodologies, medias and preferences helped to clarify the
selection of appropriate literature and theories. Several promising communication medias
were highlighted for selection and are herein demonstrated and reviewed more
throughout. Suitability and soundness of reviewed medias will be evaluated in empirical
chapters.
Firstly, the research consortium is using the Office 365 ecosystem which includes rarely
used Microsoft Teams and has been planning to implement Microsoft SharePoint within
2019-2020. Therefore, familiarizing with the Microsoft Office 365 ecosystem, hereafter
referred as Office 365, is considered an appropriate basis for the media comparison. Other
reviewed medias will be Slack and Zoom, because of their familiarity or popularity found
out amongst the business participants but also partly within the research consortium as
well.
The prime focus will be given to Office 365 due to established status, familiarity and
official approval from the universities’ IT support. Yet, it is found important to review
the alternative medias to question the suitability of Office 365 considering that research
consortium does not utilize it in the aggregate. In addition, taking advance of the
potentially latent benefits of the most convenient and user-oriented medias may prove to
be pivotal for the improvement of communication strategies. Also, as discussed later, it
was found out in interviews that some of the corporate participants already prefer e.g.
Slack over Office 365 therefore being interesting to learn and understand why. Finally,
the PAR methodology enabled taking advance of encountered incidents and hints
regarding that research consortium as well as the IT support would very likely be open
for alternative medias, but more about that will be covered in research chapters.
Summary of reviewed communication medias
Below in Table 1 is represented a brief summary about the alternative medias being
reviewed in this chapter. Peluso underlines the importance of creating processes and
providing medias that support the users’ personal initiatives to establish policies for
collaboration and sharing in all kinds of organizations. In other words, organization
should not force certain frameworks, but instead provide motivation and opportunities
20

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

that employees can seize. Users should have opportunities to familiarize and receive
guidance with new medias before making final decision for actual establishment. (Peluso
2016.)
Table 1 Summary of communication medias
Media

Functions
Chat & Calls

Filesharing

Wiki

Networking

Other:

Office

Teams,

OneDrive,

Wiki

Yammer

Online Office tools,

365

Skype

SharePoint

Slack

Yes

Yes

Outlook
Third party

Third party

+600 apps

No

-

(e.g. Tettra
Wiki)
Zoom

Yes

Yes

No

3.4.1 Teams and Office 365
Office 365 is one of the most established and wide-ranging IT ecosystems launched
originally in 2011 (Motal, 2011). Currently the Office 365 embraces a set of applications
and platforms for personal and collaborative use ranging from communication, file
sharing, documenting and editing to social networking etc. The ecosystem has reached a
point where features have started to overlap, e.g. online folder repositories (Scott, 2019)
as well as discussion platforms (Peluso 2016), but due to modification-based subscription
plans the organizations and users may compare and find the most suitable applications
responding to their preferences. The same user account can be used to login only once
into whole Office ecosystem with internal user interface to switch between the
applications. (Microsoft 365, 2019.) Out of all Office 365 applications the most relevant
to knowledge and information management in the context of this study are estimated to
be Delve, Skype for Business, Teams, Yammer, OneDrive and SharePoint Online
(SharePoint).

21

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Delve
Delve represents the central hub approach to access file editing and project management,
integrated with Boards function to share personal information about the user, including
their ongoing projects, skills, education, contact information etc. In home/personal screen
e.g. quick links for Skype calls and personal OneDrive folder are gathered up in Delve
which is currently managed via SharePoint interface. Hereby, Delve does not have
independent cloud file storage but uses the OneDrive for Business or SharePoint (Delve,
2019; Zelfond, 2017.) Reason behind the two options derives from historical development
when OneDrive was simply a repository and SharePoint was customizable but slightly
complex information and document manager. (Peluso 2016.) From content management
perspective Delve’s search function finds people, documents, projects, tasks, events etc.
and can peek inside the contexts of documents, in addition to prioritization of results
according to past user behavior. Though, users cannot accidentally find or see any content
they do not have an authorized access for. (Zelfond, 2017.)
Skype for Business
Skype for Business, acquired in 2011, is likely the most well-known of all Microsoft’s
(MS) professional communication medias (Bates 2011). With 1,33 billion registered users
in and out of business environment in 2017 (Statista, 2019) and 44 % business adaption
in 2018 it was by far the most popular VOIP service. For comparison, other adaptations
in 2018 were Teams 21 %, Slack 15 %, Google Hangouts 11 % and Workplace by
Facebook 1 %. However, the growth of Teams from 2017 was 18 %, thus making it a
remarkable challenger for Skype (Tung 2018), which again makes sense as Microsoft has
announced to replace Skype for Business with Teams entirely until end of July 2021. One
of the reasons for replacement is the app integration opportunities built into Teams, but
also improved and modern file storage and cloud functions compared in Skype for
Business. Microsoft has encouraged organizations to move towards Teams while using
Skype for Business still as a familiar side-support. The transfer can be done incrementally
by moving communication traffic automatically from Skype to Teams including e.g.
scheduling of new meetings. (Proserveit, 2019.)

22

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Teams
According to Microsoft, Teams is their fastest growing business software to this day and
87 per cent of Fortune 100 companies have implemented it (Foley, 2018). Teams
represents group work approach to communication where conversations are held in
private groups to stay in respective topics and avoid excess information overload. Teams
follows a real-time chat-based setup, featured with call and videocall functions similar to
Skype for Business. The datum of Teams is to have integrated place for formal and
informal discussions (Microsoft Office 2019.) In addition to communication functions,
Teams has integrated first and third-party applications e.g. workflow and administrative
applications, such as schedule management to run work shifts. New features are also
introduced rapidly, including background blur to video calls and recording functions etc.
(Foley 2018; Microsoft Office 2019.)
To ease user-friendliness, different apps to integrate can be searched and installed from
the official internal app catalog. The catalog includes also “bot” applications that
communicate and transfer information from other software. Trello is a good example; it
is an independent project management service built around “board of cards” -type
progression patterns. Viewed inside the Teams, the project information can be shared and
assigned more quickly to designated work groups. (Trello 2019; Baxi 2017.) Office 365
ecosystem enables access to all personal and shared OneDrive documents inside the
Teams’ interface, including online editing (Teams 2019). Shared videos can also be
watched directly inside the Teams (Chepalov 2018).
From the perspective of information dissemination and knowledge management, Teams
contains designated Wiki application to gather, edit and archive explicit information for
organizational use. In system perspective the Wiki content is stored in SharePoint. In
conversations the Wiki content can be referred to by using @-character or creating new
conversation under the Wiki page. Text formatting is simplified. However, currently in
November 2019 the search function in Wiki is still under development and therefore some
organizations have established a workaround to use OneNote or designated Teams
channel as information archive. (Redmond 2018.)

23

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Yammer
Yammer is the social hub amongst the MS applications. It is built around a “wall” format
to have open discussions throughout the organization. Yammer resembles Facebook type
of social media where users can network and learn about their organization more.
Discussions are usually company-wide or set around specific interests. Within a
discussion group in Yammer, users can share documents via integrated SharePoint
Document Library, share ideas and concepts by Shared OneNote Notebook application
or e.g. manage projects by MS Planner which includes Outlook integration. Old and
inactive groups can be deleted or set to remove automatically by certain expiration
policies set by administrator. (Microsoft Office 2019.)
Even though Yammer slightly overlaps with Teams as discussions can be held in both
platforms, their initial approach is very different. Yammer encourages to open and
perhaps more general discussions including everybody within the organization, as Teams
discussions are from the beginning held restricted, regardless of topic and formality.
(Peluso 2016.) Though, Yammer does have closed groups for interests or organizational
department groups as well to avoid information overload similar than Teams, but the
groups in Teams are more organized around projects and subjects. (Yammer 2019; Teams
2019.)
OneDrive
OneDrive is the foundation of Office 365’s personal cloud repository system (Markezich,
2018) established in 2007, known previously as SkyDrive or Windows Live Folders
(TechAdvisory 2018). OneDrive is based on SharePoint’s logic and foundations and
therefore the strong relationship between the two platforms still exists. Though, the main
idea of OneDrive is that the person or organization that originally uploads the document
into cloud server will remain as owner and can manage viewing and editing permissions.
(TechAdvisory 2018) Permissions can be given to teams or whole organizations
(CardioLog Analytics 2019). In addition, the owner of the document can set an expiration
date for the shared link, which increases security but also makes it easier to manage the
finishing of projects (OneDrive 2019).
OneDrive includes Teams integration so that users may open, share and edit documents
inside the Teams (CardioLog Analytics 2019). A shared folder can be created also in
24

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

OneDrive, and members can be added normally and accessed directly from Teams or
SharePoint. Also, from user perspective the previously personal documents in OneDrive
can be transferred or copied to SharePoint for easier team access. (Microsoft Office 2019).
SharePoint
The early version of SharePoint was released in 2001 (TechAdvisory 2018) and nowadays
more or less all documents in Office 365 ecosystem are managed through SharePoint
(Redmond et al. 2018, 14). Though, files used e.g. in Yammer can be accessed in Yammer
despite being stored in SharePoint. Same applies for editing; files can be accessed,
modified and tracked in cloud collectively regardless how they are initially stored.
(Yammer 2019.) In comparison to OneDrive, initial idea of SharePoint is to share the
ownership of the document to the organization from the very beginning. Edits of the
document can be synchronous in real-time but are also tracked to help teamwork
communication as well as project managers to monitor the progress (TechAdvisory
2018).
SharePoint has built-in functions to provide access to documents via websites, e.g.
external users to view, such as business customers. In addition, SharePoint has automatic
connections to all Office 365 tools like Word, Calendar, Task etc. to integrate and
exchange content (CardioLog Analytics 2019.) The most interesting documents can be
also bookmarked so the updates become subscribed to personal newsfeed (Microsoft
Office 2019).

3.4.2 Slack
Slack is described as a collaboration hub between people and information to make
working easier (Slack 2019). Survey in 2015 including 1,629 Slack administrators
revealed that by using Slack the organizational productivity increased 32 per cent on
average. The amount of internal emails decreased 48,6 per cent on average and necessity
for arranging meetings went down 25,1 per cent on average. Some other results from the
survey were 80,4 per cent better transparency and improved results when seeking
information, and 88,6 per cent better teamwork spirit. (Slack Survey Results 2015.)
The discussions are held in designated chat rooms called “channels”, based on e.g. topics,
groups, or projects. Channel structure enhances the substance to keep talk within correct

25

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

topic, but also limit information overload. Slack supports currently more than 600 third
party integrations similar than in Teams, including all kinds of applications from file
management to enhanced communication and administrative purposes e.g. OneDrive,
Trello, Zoom and Salesforce etc. Slack has an advanced search function to find content
from all kinds of sources inside it: channels, discussions, files or integrations. Files are
storable also into internal repository defined by subscription plan. (Johnson 2018, 149150; Slack 2019; Trello 2019.)
Slack supports traditional call and video call functions similar than in Skype for Business
or Teams, in addition to supporting Skype integration as app function (Johnson 2018,
151). Desktop screen sharing is also supported, as well as streamlined document sharing
including PDF’s, videos, etc. excluding internal video streaming (Chepalov 2018). Small
and medium sized organizations typically have one Slack “workspace” administered by
specified Owners and Admins. Large corporations can have multiple workspaces with
separate ownerships, that are still interconnected when necessary. (Slack 2019.)
Such like in Teams, persons outside the organization can be invited to channels as Guests
with customized rights of participation into discussions (Teams 2019; Slack 2019). Guest
function is practical e.g. when projects involve hired short-term consultants. The channels
can be public, private, shared or multi-workspace channels. All members can browse and
join to public channels. Private ones need an invite. Shared channels are meant for two
organizations from different workspaces and multi-workspace channels basically for one
large organization. In general, for every workspace there is mandatory but mutable
‘#general’ channel for organization wide announcements. (Slack 2019.) In addition to
messaging, Slack includes two kinds of posts: to-do lists and collaborative messages.
Posts can be used in collaborative drafting of documents, emails etc. In addition, polls
can be created to gather team or organization wide opinions, such as logo designs or other
opinion related things. (Johnson 2018, 150.) From implementational approach, Slack
offers 85 per cent discount for educational institutions (Slack 2019). Even though there
is Freemium version, it does not involve screen sharing nor conference calls with multiple
attendees. All in all, Slack is very similar to Teams in many ways, and it can be considered
its most remarkable competitor. (Chepalov 2018.)

26

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

3.4.3 Zoom
Zoom is very similar to Teams and Slack in many aspects. It has desktop and mobile chat
and video meeting functions for multiple attendees, virtual workspace channels,
document sharing and long-term archives. In addition, Zoom includes third party
application integrations and bots to automate tasks. Integrations involve well known
applications such as Microsoft Office and OneDrive, Google Drive, Skype for Business,
Hipchat, etc. An example of a bot is Stack Overflow bot to search discussions within the
designated Stack Overflow Zoom channel. External participants such as project
consultants can be invited to channels. (Zoom 2019.)
In the Cisco Live 2019 event was a discussion about how Zoom has managed to attract
users with simple user interface often referred to using iPhone versus Blackberry. Despite
the functionality and complexity, overall success of collaborative technology is measured
by number of users that include also non-technical groups. Hereby, there is very likely a
tangible demand for alternative programs other than Teams and Slack referring to past
and current user experiences and preferences of the overall audience. Also, some users
may want to avoid certain popular technology for various personal reasons, such as sense
of security or critical issues encountered previously. (Newman 2019.)

27

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

4 RESEARCH METHODOLOGY
This thesis is about small helpful findings and improvements, rather than one rigorous
goal. The theories, literature and definitive orientation of the thesis was planned to be
formulated and selected according to findings of interviews arranged in June. Hereby the
eventual findings and solutions to given issues could respect and support the best the
prevailing status quo, instead of being forced as an outside disruption facing potential
resistance or lack of further commitment.
Figure 4 below summarises the framework of the study, beginning from current stage of
communication and dissemination that will be evaluated and developed. The current state
resolved by preliminary PAR discussions and interviews (see appendix 1) is on top of the
figure because theories and background information will be selected according to it. The
main research, consisting of essential PAR with information and reflections derived from
interviews, and concept demonstrations are done after the supportive theories are found.
Demonstrations and PAR activities take turns according to basic theory of PAR. In the
end, development suggestions for communication methods as well as information
dissemination will be shared with the participants of the consortium project.

Figure 4 Conceptual framework of the thesis

28

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

An important prioritization concerning this thesis is to find and evaluate the most
practically oriented solutions that can be implemented easily and be integrated as
standardized customs within communication strategies. It was expected from the
beginning that the study would very likely reveal unexpected and different sorts of
findings, varying from minor daily improvements to larger concepts required to be tested
and evaluated before further integration. Nevertheless, it was recognized that a few minor
but unique improvements would prove to be as important as achieving a completely new
prominent communication strategy.
An essential and understandable restriction concerning uniqueness of potential
communication improvements was acknowledging that the larger and more complex the
improvement could be the harder the implementation could prove. Therefore, simplicity
and incrementality of new solutions was requested by both researchers and company
representatives.
From practical research point of view, the thesis study involved author’s attendance on
weekly research meetings every Thursday afternoon beginning from middle of May 2019
until the end of the study in November 2019. Each last weekly research meeting of the
month was an open meeting for business participants to join into discussion. During the
weekly meetings, I familiarised with the typical working methods of researchers in Åbo
Akademi University. In addition, in meetings I focused especially on communication
related matters from participative perspective, which will be covered more detailed in
next chapter about Participatory Action Research.
For an experiment, I joined one monthly meeting in September alternatively via Skype
and one in November via Teams to observe how the media affects the communication
efficiency from external perspective, in this case opposite than being present at
videoconference room at university together with the usual host of the meetings. Idea was
to evaluate both technical and humane attributes, such as easiness to join the meeting, the
quality of the audio and video connection, in addition to perceived atmosphere and if
meetings are considered inspiring, dynamic or something else.
The research consortium employs 11 active and 3 partial academic members with slightly
different positions in EDGE project, though all having a technical background and roles.
The most members are highly skilled research professionals supported by few doctoral

29

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

and master students from technical majors. In this thesis they all will be referred
anonymously as “researcher/s” purposefully without id numbering to protect their identity
potentially being revealed by connecting their comments. By underscoring the complete
anonymity, all the potential issues can be brought up in detail and approached more
straightforwardly and result driven without need to sensor or belittle, as both affairs could
hamper the process of seeking correct solutions or steer the study in a biased direction.
At the end, because of the topic, the thesis takes into account some unexpected factors
and reasons to explain potential communication issues.
In addition to PAR, qualitative theme interviews were conducted with company
participants for supportive purposes but also to map directions for the study. As briefly
mentioned earlier, for the purposes of defining suitable literature and theories, the
interviews were done at the beginning of the thesis schedule in last weeks of June.
Interviews were conducted via telephone. Expected duration per interview was 10-15
minutes. They were not recorded, but everything was typed simultaneously to computer,
which was found suitable and successful method after the review of first cases.
Interviewees were asked, if necessary, to keep pauses while giving their answers to help
writing down everything. At the end, even though the telephone interviews were not
expected to have the most important impact on the overall findings, a few of the cases
prolonged far over 15 minutes and carried slightly out from the topic, which however
provided valuable insights concerning university-industry cooperation in other similar
projects.
Figure 5 presents the timeline of the thesis process starting from middle of May until the
end of November 2019. Thesis process started by data collection of attending to weekly
and monthly meetings involving discussions with researchers and observation of the
communication. Company interviews were conducted within the three last weeks of June.
The analysis of the interview results was started in July to find suitable theories
simultaneously with the actual evaluation. First recommendation was introduced and
implemented in August and more formed until end of study. A seminar mainly for
researchers was arranged in the end of August and an open hackathon was held in
October. In November was held a seminar which was focused mainly on businesses but
was open for researchers as well. Different groupware alternatives were tested during a
few meetings in November (“CSCW tests”).

30

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Figure 5 Timeline of the thesis process

4.1 Participatory Action Research
The methodology of Participatory Action Research (“PAR”) is derived from Action
Research (“AR”), proposed originally by Kurt Lewin in late 1930’s (Adelman 1993, 7).
Action research is based on idea of taking into account the challenging combination of
experiences, relationships and institutions while planning to introduce novel ideas of
change. Keeping track of the procedure, sharing knowledge and steering the
implementation process if necessary are key benefits of action research. In addition, PAR
enables the integration of all participants to be involved in change process rather than
watching from aside. (Somekh 2006, 1.)
In PAR the participants for whom the practitioner joins and observes, work as the key
decision makers, defining all the time and at the end what should be done and how. The
role of practitioner is to question, guide and act as a resource but not to lead or take any
kind of authority positions. The difference between participation and observation
methodologies is straightforward, as in PAR the practitioner is involved as an equal
participant in projects despite having usually a different background than others involved.
For example, a PAR researcher can be involved in engineering project even though
having a psychological background. His or her role in project is therefore to study and
reveal psychological outcomes in the otherwise technical context, in addition to enhance
the overall and equal participation (McIntyre 2008, 26, 61), and make sure that personal
skills and capabilities are utilized in efficient manner (McIntyre 2008, xiv).
McIntyre (2008) describes that the ways how the practitioner can help the group, are for
example visualizing the discussed ideas to encourage outside of the box thinking or
31

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

merely to show how an outsider could interpret the topic. (McIntyre 2008, 26.) Therefore,
it must be taken into consideration that participants do not always agree with the outcome
or views presented by the practitioner. Participants may not support the idea, objectives
or goals, but that must sometimes just be accepted if the conflict emerges from the
participants despite that practitioner has achieved an objective viewpoint. (McIntyre
2008, 56.)
McIntyre underlines that if participants are not ready for the change in the first place and
do not cooperate, a solution may never materialize (McIntyre 2008, 59). She however
agrees and refers to suggestion by Kemmis and Wilkinson that PAR is as much about the
shared feeling of development among the participants than achieving a tangible and
specified goal. This concerns especially the project results considered as failures at first.
(Kemmis & Wilkinson 1998, 21.) In the end McIntyre concludes that uncertainty towards
success belongs into projects in general, but in PAR the “unexpected twists” should be
taken as opportunities to evaluate the metrics of success again. In other words, sometimes
the success must be measured differently, or it cannot be measured easily at all. (McIntyre
2008, 64.)
Participatory Action Research in EDGE project
In EDGE project, the Participatory Action Research is used to analyze two approaches.
Firstly, the collaboration wide communication is evaluated from primitive aspect, not
taking technology into account at all and questioning its benefits. Second approach is
computer-mediation with focus on tools as enablers of efficient communication.
Greenberg (1991) refers to study by Nardi and Miller which concludes that when a group
is working with single user application, the success of transferring knowledge and
debugging is not related to integrated computer-mediation. (Greenberg 1991.) Hereby we
can interpret that if a group shares a common goal, the groupware is not a requirement
for efficient teamwork and communication.
Though, Greenberg underlines that participatory design process, which has similarities to
PAR research approach, is very efficient in development of multi-user concepts with
groupware functions. Involving users from the very beginning of development process
increases the changes of building concepts that they would use in long-term. (Greenberg
1991.) In EDGE project, the communication was approached from comprehensive

32

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

perspective by focusing on how the researchers and business participants would like to
communicate and disseminate the information in the most comfortable ways. The
participants as group were treated as a community of practice in context of WP3 in order
to reduce aberration.
As a research method, PAR can be considered very successful for the purposes of this
thesis topic. Researchers as well as business participants were open and honest about the
current communication, made sincere suggestions how things could be done and what
should be avoided. However, the complexity of groupwork based development became
apparent from the very beginning of discussions and interviews as there were almost as
many suggestions as total participants in the project, and the suggestions were partly
contradictory, as expected. In May, at the very beginning of attending to weekly meetings,
many things seemed important and reflective towards communication strategy. Yet, as
the study proceeded the participation revealed dozens of crucial details defining and
explaining actions and procedures.
PAR enabled a long-term inclusive analysis which extended over the traditional borders
faced when just interviewing persons. I was able to discuss with the researchers and
business representatives in numerous occasions and in different environments, and for
example a lot of fruitful discussions were held before and after the weekly meetings that
few times extended almost longer than the meeting itself. A weekend long research
consortium seminar was arranged in August in Turku, giving change to hear historical
insights from business perspectives as well. In October, University of Vaasa arranged an
official steering group meeting, together with joint hackathon and workshop enabling
further discussions again with researchers and business participants during the meetings
in formal manner and after them in relaxed atmosphere at dinner for example. In addition,
an open business seminar was arranged at Åbo Akademi University in November. I wrote
down to computer, mobile phone or paper the content of all the meetings I attended, talks
and discussions I had and participated, formal and informal, to analyze afterwards.
Usually I analyzed the notes in the same afternoon or the next day to check for ideas and
if I had forgot something.
Several diverse meetings permitted in-depth exchange of reasoning why things have been
done in certain way and if my suggestions for the issues could be novel or tried already
before, which indeed happened a few times. Thus, the direction of the thesis and objective

33

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

changed a few times, even though I thought my orientation and ideas were fresh and
rational. But again, as the great advantage of PAR is to refine and polish the idea as long
as being reasonable, satisfactory results in this thesis were achieved. One idea was
implemented in August in order to evaluate its significance while other practical ideas
were tested in November.

34

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

5 RESEARCH
Communication in collaborative assignments such as university-industry projects must
be effortless and natural, so the concepts, processes and medias must be in good order to
achieve the best possible efficiency regarding to comprehensive communication strategy.
In this thesis the strategy is looked from a perspective of having three dimensions in
balance: knowledge management defining the environment of communication,
communication methods as team working types and communication medias as digital
tools. The evaluation does not involve managerial perspectives e.g. evaluation of
employee and superior roles division due to limitation of the thesis.
Research questions defining the objective in this study were related to comprehensive
development of communication methods and information dissemination. More precisely,
the current state of communication as well as information dissemination were evaluated
to define how they could be improved. Strategic development suggestions for domains
involve technical and nontechnical approaches to debate their relational advantages.
Research questions:
1. What is the current state of communication and information dissemination?
2. What kind of strategic development suggestions could be implemented for
communication in the project?
3. How to improve dissemination of information in the project?

In telephone interviews the viewpoints and formulation of responses were diverse, which
was however considered in advance by recognizing the fact that theme interviews tend to
arise discussion that may wander. Nevertheless, all kinds of reflections and reasoned
views were highly desired in order to maintain naturalness within prospective concepts
to implement.

5.1 Current communication and dissemination
The current communication and dissemination in project EDGE are the best to approach
and comprehend by dividing the topic into established and novel good practices, and

35

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

issues that came up during PAR and interviews. From analytical perspective, there was
no substantial difference between answers derived from PAR discussions and given in
interviews. Therefore – findings from PAR and interviews – the ideas, thoughts,
comments, deductions, requests and recommendations etc. are analysed without
references to sources except for cases where origin is relevant.
Communication inside and between universities
The EDGE project has seemed to proceed according to research plans. Talks with
researchers in Åbo Akademi University have advocated high working ethics, mutual
willingness to discuss within research group and maintain atmosphere of self-motivation
to achieve objectives. Similar evaluation for Tampere University and University of Vaasa
was done much more superficially limited to remote discussions and meetings, but their
working methods from knowledge management perspective seemed similar than in ÅAU.
The prevailing project communication medias used between and inside universities are
mostly traditional; face-to-face discussions, calling, exchanging emails, arranging various
meetings and having videoconferences via Skype For Business. The shared opinion is
that communication is alright, and the quality is often topic related. The most researchers
have known each other for years from previous or parallel projects, which is manifested
as relaxed and friendly atmosphere during the researcher weekly meetings and other
research events.
University-industry communication
At the beginning of the thesis study in June, majority of company participants told that in
overall the communication from the universities has been in a satisfactory level. However,
several companies brought up that project management and for instance the
announcement of changes in project especially at the beginning were sometimes not so
transparent and the role of universities felt distant. A few business representatives
elaborated for instance that changes in research personnel came by a surprise and there
were times when they were not sure what will happen next in the project.
All the businesses expected universities to take responsibility and leading role in
managing the project in full extent. Businesses indicated more or less straightforwardly
that universities could take administrative roles in many occasions. Businesses considered

36

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

that their mutual collaboration within the project is dependent on attendance of
researchers. In other words, most of the businesses would like to increase the businessto-business (B2B) cooperation but the current atmosphere does not encourage into
proactivity. Thus, I make an interpretation that researchers have a time limit designated
for the EDGE and therefore common meetings should enable and encourage to B2B
networking or the efficiency of meetings should increase to enable researchers to act as
catalysts in inter-company discussions. However, in both cases we face a challenge of
narrowing the information dissemination to happen merely between the companies,
potentially leaving universities outside being against the constitutive objective.
Referring to study by McGrath about subgroups in large projects, researchers in EDGE
work more actively with certain companies referring to their roles and mostly in personal
expertise. Therefore, we can assume that because of established role-bound one-to-one
relationships, the topics and relevancy of general meetings are often dependent on
attendees. In other words, the attendees on each group meeting or conference call will
represent their interests of the EDGE project with their closest project partners, which
may also steer the topic of the whole meeting perchance, if not strictly decided in advance.
One researcher underlined the theory by Canhoto et al. which says that an occasional
communication issue has been the lack of established phraseology in the field of EDGE
computing. Though, there are several recognized potential reasons for the communication
issues that are mostly related to novelty of the domain. According to researchers, the
EDGE environment, particularly from a perspective of sensor technology is complex due
to backgrounds and associations to information technology and IoT used to measure
physical attributes, vibration to be more precise. Nowadays, central terminology in the
field is derived and built upon cloud computing, but more accurate and descriptive
definitions are needed and constantly established, such as “fog computing” describing the
interface section between pure cloud and pure edge computing. (Cisco 2015.)
Attendance to meetings of knowledge and information sharing
From May 16th until November 20th in 2019, I attended in total of thirteen weekly
researcher meetings, four monthly general meetings and four additional events: a research
seminar, collaborative business seminar, hackathon and combined steering group meeting
and workshop meeting. Weekly researcher and monthly general meetings were held as

37

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Skype conference calls. For weekly meetings was established a habit of gathering in
conference rooms in universities, and only if a researcher was out of town during the
meeting, they would join by themselves via Skype For Business. In beginning of every
meeting and event I listed the attending researchers and business representatives.
Out of the eleven active researchers, the average attendance in observed thirteen weekly
meetings was eleven meetings, resulting to 85 per cent attendance. Three researchers
attended to every weekly meeting and lowest attendance was nine times by two
researchers. The number of times attended is proportional with positions in project in
general, with a few irrelevant exceptions such as time when a researcher has been abroad
due to another project. Hereby, we can make careful conclusion that researchers are
interested in weekly meetings and reflecting to my PAR experiences during the meetings,
communication has worked in good sense, including discussions held in conference room
after the conference call.
Out of the all 21 meetings I participated and evaluated, the active researchers attended
fifteen in average, leading to 71 per cent attendance, being slightly lower than weekly
meeting attendance. Researcher’s attendance to company related meetings, hereby four
monthly meetings, the hackathon, the combined steering group and workshop meeting
and business seminar, total of seven, is four times in average by all the 11 researchers.
This gives us 57 per cent attendance to meetings (4/7) with companies, which can be
considered relatively low in relation to researchers’ own meetings (85 per cent).
The eleven companies’ attendance to monthly meetings, hackathon, steering group and
workshop, and business seminar during the period of observation was rather low, taken
into consideration that companies have expressed high respect towards the three
universities, university-industry cooperation in general and expertise of academics in the
project. Though, one company representative commented as side note that public and
private resources in university-industry cooperation has decreased over the years in
comparison to highly successful projects ten years ago. From total seven company related
meetings average attendance was 1,6 meetings per company. From all the companies one
attended in four meetings, three companies in three meetings, four companies in two or
one meeting. The three remaining companies did not attend to any of the meetings during
the observation period. According to researchers the attendance used to be higher,
approximately six to eight companies per meeting before my observation began in May.

38

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Though, one company with zero attendance is a parent company of an actively
participating subsidiary, and another non-participating company does cooperation with
an active partner.
During the telephone interviews, monthly meetings, events and informal talks with
company representatives came out several in-depth explanations, subtle hints and
interpreted likely causes to low attendance. Firstly, the simplest reason not to attend was
the hectic schedule of business representatives, as several of them said that joining a
meeting the same day in every month is not possible because of obligatory other meetings
and travelling for instance. Secondly, one representative said that “a monthly meeting
scheduled even well in advance would often lose in prioritization for a business client
meeting”, which is believable if EDGE is considered as long-term R&D side project in
comparison to urgent business client meetings.
Thirdly, related to dates and prioritization of company meetings, one issue can also be the
appeal of the day’s topic. Despite not getting complete responses to previous issue, there
is a possibility that companies cannot join meetings with attractive topics for good
reasons, and the ones they could join, are not appealing enough. However, this arises a
question about why companies are involved in EDGE if they are not interested to
participate meetings very often. To continue, there were companies who responded to
interview questions very briefly in a hurry and have not participated actively on meetings
either. There came up a few different reasons and suggestions for this. Firstly, two
representatives said directly that they do not have an own demonstration concept where
to utilize the new information immediately. “Since we do not have our own EDGE
(demonstration) project, our participation has remained minor” -company representative
in telephone interview. Other two companies said that they do active cooperation with
another participant who handles most of the communication from their behalf. In turn,
three companies have been most active in meetings and have practical own projects where
to demonstrate and test the ideas of EDGE immediately. Two of these companies
expressed being very happy with practical research work done around their machinery or
onsite equipment. One representative revealed they would not prefer to use Microsoft
products, especially Skype For Business for communication, which is a likely reason to
why they have not attended monthly meetings. More insights about the communication
technologies will be covered in next chapter.

39

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Again, referring to article by McGrath, we cannot make definite conclusions or accurate
assumptions from the weekly or monthly meeting attendances because the PAR has
revealed that researchers and companies do most of the communication in private, which
has led to situations where important things are discussed outside the meetings.
Therefore, especially the monthly meetings’ most important purpose is to spread general
information for everyone regarding to research progress within the academia and together
with the other companies. In addition, the length of interviews as well as observation
period and participating to work of academics had to be kept reasonable, including the
fact that thesis was done from perspective of ÅAU and many companies cooperate more
with universities in Tampere or Vaasa.
Influence of personal character
One thing affecting to all our communication not to belittle is personality and “chemistry”
between people. Referring to ideas of Vuorinen and Bryson about personalities, it came
up several times that academics and business people may have different personalities that
have driven their career choices, such as favoring individual work, but more importantly
they may have grown to follow and represent their stereotypical organization work
methods. Several researchers said they like to examine things in-depth, communicate
comprehensively and favor good reasoning, and they often reserve time for that. One
researcher was more straightforward by stating that scientists are used to prepare their
ideas more throughout, usually by themselves. This reflects as a communicational
behaviour where ideas and thoughts are represented more persuasively but less in
quantity. In hectic business environment, this kind of communication can be seen too
detailed and perhaps even ponderous. Company representatives instead said out loud that
they must focus on most important things, communicate shortly and efficiently, and to
cite one representative during a seminar: “In companies we do the real work, and
universities do the hard work”. By this was meant that companies focus on hands on
issues that bring revenue flow while role of universities is to examine all the things
companies do not have time and resources for, despite they would like to.
Inter-organizational project goals
The core principle of a collaborative project is to achieve more as a group than alone.
This requires more than gathering experts in a same room and command them to

40

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

corroborate each other. Referring to studies by Gupta and Govindarajan, Hooff and
Huysaman, Brief and Motowidlo, and Jarvenpaa and Staples; most often the key
ingredient to collaboration is mutual trust and willingness to help. According to these
studies, any kind of project can fail if mutual objectives or mediums are not found.
In EDGE the feeling of mutual trust and willingness seem to vary. Researchers are seen
as valuable experts and they are being listened carefully. However, one researcher said to
have learned from other projects that it is not unusual for companies at first not to show
interest towards an idea but suddenly take advantage of it without further discussions with
the researcher or giving direct credits. Of course, the scientific findings are meant to be
implemented by participative companies, but the communication remains often one-sided
in these cases. Companies instead revealed that sometimes they would like to share their
IPR and knowledge for other companies and academia, but the balance of receiving as
valuable information from other companies in exchange is a risk. Here the researcher can
also be seen as a minor threat who could by purpose or accidentally disclose competitive
advantages to other companies. As a result, most companies play it safe and avoid
disclosing information to anyone inside the project, even though they have admitted
straightforwardly they could be ready to exchange their knowledge in right
circumstances. As a side note, two company representatives underlined that Finnish
private sector has strongly established atmosphere of protecting own ideas at expense of
losing value for not doing exchange, but the trend is slowly turning.
It was revealed by a company representative that not in EDGE, but in similar type of
university-industry projects the companies mark sometimes remarkable new IPR under
their other projects to avoid disclosure via public source project. Given reasons are to
prevent competitors, especially the ones outside the project from getting hands into the
IPR via academic papers. This is very crucial issue for information and knowledge
dissemination and is against the basic principle of university involvement.

5.2 Groupware analysis and suggestions
This chapter focuses on technical perspectives, more precisely the CSCW related
software applications, regarding to communication and information dissemination in
EDGE and similar university-industry projects. As mentioned earlier, the initial starting
point of the thesis was to find and evaluate mainly technical solutions, but further study
41

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

revealed that the role of applications is just a minor part of overall communication and
dissemination. Before the thesis project started, I had heard from a communication
specialist working in multinational IT corporation that “you cannot easily nor always
solve human based communication issues with digital solutions, and forcing a digital
concept will most probably fail due to resistance driven by discomfort.” Also, the
researchers as well as business representatives said that they would like to avoid learning
completely new applications at any costs because they are already using too many
computer applications and rather stay with the most familiar one, even though it would
not be the most optimal. Nevertheless, referring to discussions with researchers, the two
designated issues wished to be solved with groupware are poor conference call
experiences and lack of knowledge and information dissemination concepts.
Firstly, Skype For Business is being used by default in EDGE for conference video calls
for weekly as well as monthly meetings. The selection of software was established long
time ago based on habits and accustomed ease of use, which is not surprising with the 44
per cent global business adaption (Tung 2018). However, at the very first weekly meeting
I attended in middle of May I noticed that only the ÅAU had a video connection and the
discussion was therefore very teleconference alike. Audio technology in the meetings has
reportedly been great, often excellent arranged in ÅAU via Logitech Group -conference
microphone-speaker system. In the first meeting researchers in ÅAU said that for them
Skype has always had issues such as occasional lag, disconnections and color distortions.
Sometimes Skype would work in the morning, and without changing anything, have a lot
of issues in the afternoon.
During my six-month attendance in meetings, it became very apparent that Skype For
Business has multiple and different issues related to software itself and computers it was
being used on. For instance, Skype’s conference mode shrinks attendees’ video screens
into tiny 4:3 squares arranged in row and therefore wide-lens conference room camera
makes people seem even tinier in the screen. The small screens, but also the lack of other’s
video may have resulted into frequent silent moments when attendees could not see who
would like to talk next.
By listing the most encountered issues with Skype For Business we can see a clear
demand for an alternative. Skype has for example failed in screen sharing so that only
one participant could see the screen. Once on monthly meeting the shared screen emerged

42

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

very small, which was very likely a graphics card issue, which though does not make it
more acceptable. Almost in every meeting, there was small lagging that at times required
speaker to repeat what they said. A few times the switch from one screen share to another
computer failed and once even disconnected as a result. Once the Skype did not start at
all on host’s computer and another researcher started the conference call on his behalf.
Latent reasons behind the issues in Skype For Business might well be related to
Microsoft’s public intention to replace it with Teams in July 2021, as mentioned in
chapter 3.4.1. Their changeover strategy may be to make Skype look and feel inadequate
purposefully in comparison to Teams, but there is a chance that users may switch out of
Microsoft products as result.
Communication preferences
Seven (n=7) of the eleven companies agreed or responded to the official telephone
interview. However, I consider the 64 per cent answer rate (7/11) acceptable because 10
out of 11 representatives were discussed with or their opinions reflecting to research
questions became apparent at the meetings or events. Only one company declined from
interview and did not participate into the meetings I evaluated.
Referring to telephone interviews, the company representatives had contradictory habits
and wishes for communication methods. 57 per cent of companies (4/7) like to
communicate with emails. “Attachments are best to share via email and conversation
remains short and efficient” – company representative. One company thought emails
being inefficient and outdated resulting to information overload because for example the
company email box fills daily by automatically generated organizational emails. 29 per
cent (2/7) did not have strong opinions about emails and prefer to use all tools equally,
meaning email, telephone calls and videocalls. However, it was mentioned that email
discussions with multiple receivers get difficult to follow after a few overlapping
responses.
As a solution for group discussions, familiarity and opinions toward virtual community
applications, including Slack, Yammer, Teams and Zoom were asked about. 43 per cent
of companies (3/7) use Slack or Teams in their internal and collaborative projects, and
for some it is the main communication tool and there became suggestions to create an
own channel for EDGE. However, another 43 per cent of companies (3/7) do not use the
43

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

mentioned applications, considering them inefficient and messy or find no demand for
active chat like discussions within EDGE. “I would not recommend Slack or similar for
EDGE because there are already too many company channels and important things get
buried” – IT-company representative. One company did not answer the question properly.
For the researchers in ÅAU, Slack, Yammer and Teams were familiar, but are used
marginally. In spring the Teams was described the most familiar but used in specific
external business communications. ÅAU’s Yammer was introduced officially later in
autumn but did not prove as a successful launch from perspective of EDGE related topics.
Slack was familiar for a few researchers, but no one mentioned to use it currently in daily
basis. The relational popularity between Teams and Slack in EDGE follow the previously
presented global trends where Teams had 21% and Slack 15% business adaptations (Tung
2018).
Videoconferences
Interestingly, when asked about videoconference tools, 43 per cent (3/7) of companies
considered Skype For Business as good enough application and one commended the
screen share function. 29 per cent (2/7) mentioned to use Teams with neutral attitude and
as many commended Slack the most and considered Skype obsolete. Surprisingly, Zoom
was the most unfamiliar and did not raise comments nor was being used in general. As a
conclusion, most companies consider Skype as an established tool which everyone knows
how to use good enough, even though no one mentioned to like it. A cautious
interpretation can be made from responses such that IT companies may prefer newest
virtual community applications and videocalls, and industrial companies favor emailing
and traditional calling. However, this is very case sensitive and very dependent on
personal preferences not related to industries or organizations.
All the researchers have at least slight experience about Teams and Zoom in addition to
Skype. In November, Zoom was tested in monthly meeting for the first time. Tampere
University had gotten their conference room camera working earlier in October and the
atmosphere changed slightly because TUNI’s video image was first time projected to wall
in full screen. For instance, attendees in ÅAU as well as TUNI now watched the projector
screen next to conference camera instead of facing towards the researchers in the same
room and microphone in center of the table. This created a new kind of interaction and
energy in the discussion as people could see each other well for the first time. Though,

44

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

wide-lensed cameras did not enable sharp enough image to read facial expressions but
only body gestures. University of Vaasa does not have a video connection yet in
November, but they do not use conference rooms, so their lack of video has not raised
attention among researchers.
Teams was tested too in weekly meeting in November. It was hosted by TUNI since ÅAU
Office 365 subscription did not have the hosting option available by default to arrange
conference meetings in November at least. I joined meeting with mobile phone to
demonstrate and assess how e.g. the business participants would experience the meeting,
as it was understood that they join via phones at times. During and after the meeting
Teams was compared to Zoom and Skype For Business to make common decision what
to use at least in following week.
As a conclusion, Teams worked decently, and researchers were happy about it after
getting used to it in a few minutes. Screens of attendees could be enlarged to full screen,
though not in mobile version. Mobile access was good enough e.g. with ability to zoom
presenter’s shared screen to see details. The connection was decent as well, despite a few
lags in video and sound, but that improved after switching from slow Wi-Fi connection
to 4G network. Otherwise, on mobile version one could share their screen as well. An
unexpected thing was the feeling of being an outsider when attending remotely especially
without own video. When attending in conference room, you interact with the people
around you, but this time I felt a threshold to open mic and speak out. It felt like I had to
be quick and interrupt the conversation. Hereby, this might explain why especially the
business representatives do not tend to interact in monthly meetings, as none of them have
used video so far.
The immediate comparison after the Teams meeting resulted into decision to use Zoom
in the following meeting. However, the decision was difficult as Zoom and Teams were
considered equally good. One researcher felt that showing PowerPoint slides was better
in Teams, another expected Teams to be better due to awareness amongst businesses.
However, in the end I suggested to try Zoom once more, because ÅAU could not yet host
Teams meetings and TUNI researchers said they could probably install Zoom and act
hosts as well. Hosting a Zoom meeting should be easy since a host link created once by
anyone can be used again without the host. One researcher suggested for TUNI to use
Zoom web application if installing would not work; however, I was a bit skeptic because

45

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

in last thesis seminar one student could not share their screen and PowerPoint presentation
via web application.
Document sharing applications
ÅAU uses Google Drive and designated memory sticks to share documents among IT
department members of EDGE, and one researcher commented that despite Google Drive
is not an ideal solution, as long as it would be used in parallel as backup option, a new
system would be slow to implement. So, the potential new system should be adapted
quickly if possible, requiring more transfer time and resources than slow incremental
replacement. Google Drive is admitted good for file sharing purposes, but retrieving
certain documents easily after a while, especially by someone else than the original
uploader causes uncertainty, even exclusively inside the IT department of ÅAU.
Some researchers have guest accesses to companies’ internal Teams channels and use
them actively. During spring the researchers discussed about creating Teams for internal
use at least first, but organizational changes in Tampere University’s fusion with Tampere
University of Applied Sciences was midst and issues with Microsoft accounts could have
occur. In October Tampere University created own channel in Teams for EDGE
communication, but so far in November, despite groups have been created, it has not been
decided what kind of discussions could be held in the channel and therefore it has
remained completely inactive. In TUNI’s Teams channel universities’ own documents
regarding the EDGE are shared, but ÅAU and UVA researchers mentioned not to have
familiarized with the content that much. A look into the Teams system architecture for
folders reveals to be rather similar than Google Drive, and therefore does not provide
automatic solution for document retrieval.
Referring to chapter 3.4.1, Teams’ integrated Wiki could be used for EDGE, but again,
as Redmond writes, it does not solve the retrieval issue either. Establishing turnaround by
creating channels with subheadings could work, and channels in TUNI’s Teams already
has five named groups: General discussion, Demonstrators, Monthly and Weekly
Meetings, Steering group meetings and State of Art Edge Analytics. As said previously,
the groups have remained inactive except for some documents. Therefore, a foundation
for information dissemination archive and knowledge management system has already
been established, but there are still a few obstacles being discussed in final chapter.

46

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Yammer in ÅAU
In ÅAU, Yammer was introduced in October in organization wide email newsletter.
Discussion in IT department’s Yammer channel has started rather active and people seem
interested to participate into formal and informal discussions. ÅAU IT-support has also
motivated staff to start using the Yammer to increase interdisciplinary knowledge transfer
by recommending joining different groups. However, the ÅAU Yammer guide
recommends not to use Yammer for private discussions, project management or
document sharing, as those are asked to do in Teams when it is introduced officially later
on. At the end of ÅAU introductory newsletter is underlined that Yammer is the place for
friendly socializing and networking inside the university. Hereby we can make a quick
and coherent conclusion that Yammer may not be suitable for the purposes of managing
EDGE related information inter-organizationally. This is also supported by Microsoft’s
own description for the usage of Yammer for the purposes of being the organization’s
own social hub for general discussion.

5.3 Strategic development suggestions for
communication and information dissemination
As expected from the beginning of the thesis work, the end results gathered by PAR
would lead to potential incremental but independent development suggestions that
together would form a comprehensive communication strategy. By handling the
suggestions independently, they could be implemented according to specific needs related
to timing and prevalent conditions. All suggestions may not be adaptable in current phase
of the EDGE, but as systems develop and institutional reorganization happens, there can
emerge new opportunities for given suggestions. The four suggestions are explained and
evaluated below.
1. Creating the knowledge sharing atmosphere
It became clear from the beginning that universities and companies would like to
exchange information in form of co-production, but standardized and common concepts
and applications are missing and therefore the cooperation mode resembles co-creation;
hereby concepts meaning the good practices and habits not related to technology and
applications or any kind of CSCW systems. One reason why any concepts have not

47

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

established is very likely the companies’ fear of losing competitive advantages, and the
simple solution is therefore to build internal trust within the EDGE. Trust as the
foundation of healthy cooperation was suggested also in study by Gupta and
Govindarajan. Though, there are major ideological differences between the organizations.
For example, one business representative considered that potential EDGE -related
knowledge could be archived in Finnish to avoid disclosure to foreign companies, where
a researcher responded that “everything should indeed be in English to attract all
interested companies”.
Trust is often built upon close relationships like friendships, and we like to tell things
more openly in relation to how close our friendships are. In formal occasions like business
projects, relationships are easiest to build when working around favourable and positive
topics in enjoyable environment. According to PAR discussions with researchers and
company representatives, the most fruitful discussions and knowledge exchange have
typically happened after the formal meetings e.g. seminars or workshops, or during the
company visits. Participation in the seminars and workshops taught me that the most
participants tend to focus on the given tasks with low interest to information exchange
due to natural prudence, but after the task is completed and mental relief is achieved, the
participants are more open to share their thoughts. Openness increased in relation to how
relaxed the event was and especially after the most formal part of the event was over.
Especially during the lunch, dinner or moments of networking, if arranged after the formal
meeting, participants were much more talkative about good practices and solving other’s
ideas. Reason for this may have something to do with shared feeling of success as
everyone has now gone through the same seminar or solved same issue in workshop. In
the literature, Choi et al. mention that the important synergies are often built in workshops
even though tangible results would not be accomplished.
Referring to expected roles similar than university led workshops, the universities should
negotiate B2B+university matchmaking events asked by the companies. By arranging and
attending to small meetings with a few selected companies, the communication would be
more open and dynamic than in workshops where everyone is invited, topics are broad
and networking sometimes superficial. In this kind of inter-organizational one-to-one
meetings, the presence of researchers would also amplify the academic involvement of
knowledge transfer reinforcing the information dissemination.

48

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Many company representatives as well as researchers have praised the efficiency of
company visits. Simply put, the face-to-face communication is profoundly underlined
throughout the whole literature including previously referred Sacco and Ismail, as well as
Canhoto et al. Company visits are considered valuable because of practical orientation
especially when meeting onsite and working around a machine, tangible concept or
similar. In these cases, the exchange of practical business knowledge and wide-ranging
research knowledge consolidate the most efficiently. Hereby, the highly optimal
cooperation principle to commit companies is to try maintaining the practicality in the
research by arranging continuous company visits with practical orientations.
Inquiring opportunities for researchers to work in company premises for project based or
consulting purposes occasionally revealed to be very case sensitive. Many representatives
saw value and invited researchers openly to consult their company, but objectives and
non-disclosure agreements should be agreed upon. Some companies told that researcher’s
work could be the most valuable for analysing sensitive business data e.g. once a week in
company premises. In addition, one representative mentioned a longer period from weeks
to months could be better in order to get good understanding of the data. One company
would welcome researchers to discuss with the company experts every now and then for
networking and sharing knowledge. “We do a lot of remote work and once a week
everyone comes to office. Researcher could join that day to brainstorm and network with
us.” -company representative.
Hereby, there is no consistent methods or wishes expressed by companies for collocated
consulting like cooperation, but in general companies are very open to negotiate what
kind of opportunities researcher work could provide, even though there would not be such
opportunities or demand right now. For research purposes, collocation could bring new
scientifically valuable insights that should of course always be first discussed with
companies in order to not disclose anything secretive despite the signed consortium
agreement of EDGE.
As a summary, according to PAR study, despite the low average percentage of attendance,
universities and businesses should arrange seminars and workshops, also because of
supervised problem-solving experiences but as importantly to get people share their ideas
with each other in close atmosphere during and after the official event. Several business
representatives also said they prefer to meet people (researchers) many times in beginning

49

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

of a new project in person to find mutually comfortable communication means that are
often person-to-person related. In addition, the more people meet each other, the more
opportunities emerge to talk about things that were forgotten previously or had no time
to be gone through, not to belittle the increased chances for serendipity. One suggestion
for low company attendance to meetings and events could be asking them to name
multiple employees in the EDGE project to increase availability, in addition of having
diverse expertise in hand to analyze topic related issues or bring insights. Having a diverse
pool of available professionals is also embraced in literature. As the Rese et al. and
Chesbrough both support the ideology that ideal complementary professional knowledge
is derived from interdisciplinary skills.
2. Active open dialogue for small findings
Several businesses commented that small findings in EDGE type of projects can be often
more valuable than focusing on one major objective only. One business representative
said that “research and development should not be planned like industrial production;
the process can reveal valuable findings when looked from many perspectives and
objectives require constant re-evaluation.” Researchers as well as companies both agreed
that active discussions and opportunities to arrange them, despite the communication
method, is also important in order to avoid going to wrong direction with the project.
Another representative commented that “deriving practical benefits from research work
requires often a lot of adaptation to meet the business needs”. These reflect also with the
suggestions derived from Buser’s study that point out that arranging uncontrolled
meetings increases the complementary thinking, serendipity and the tendency to
innovativeness – the key elements of R&D. One company representative encouraged
saying “our company have arranged many successful “best practices” -events where all
kinds of companies share openly their ideas, so why similar would not work in EDGE?”.
When focusing on small incremental and practical findings, it should always be
remembered that projects like EDGE have a goal of creating scientifically valuable
findings and publishing papers about them, which requires commitment and openness
from all participants. From the behalf of participative companies, publicity regarding to
their work can be controversial, but in the end, companies can take advantage of the other
similar scientific publications as well. Hence, my recommendation is simple; all
participants should think by themselves and actively discuss with other participants that

50

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

is the direction of the project favorable for everyone and keep in mind that scientific
results are major part of EDGE like projects. Referring to Brief and Motowildo, if
willingness to help does not emerge and emotional distance remains large in interorganizational project, there remain less chances to achieve any larger goals. Hereby,
attention should be given to small but important and directive findings that may be more
helpful to some but not all.
3. Weekly newsletter
As a simple practical solution to improve transparency and to keep businesses informed
better about the progress of EDGE in general, I suggested in August to start sending a
weekly email newsletter after each researcher meeting. Companies’ wish was to keep the
newsletter short and bullet point type to read quickly, as a few companies commented
that too long summaries would not be read that often. With the newsletter companies
would know better what university as well as other companies are doing and in case some
company has not been able to attend in monthly meetings, they could contact the
university, or the business referred in newsletter if something important or interesting has
happened.
However, not verified in this study but the newsletter may have decreased the interest of
companies to attend into monthly meetings when they can read a brief summary what was
discussed afterwards. Also, the newsletter does not improve the unbalance of information
flow felt by researchers; in other words, researchers share more information to companies
than they tend to receive. Nevertheless, for researchers and business participants to
negotiate further, a sequel idea could be to share PowerPoint presentations shown in
monthly or weekly meetings if these would interest the businesses, e.g. by being able to
re-read texts better or check the numerical measurements often hard to peruse in detail
during the presentation. Referring to next presented finding, weekly newsletter could also
only have a link to a PowerPoint or another document located in EDGE Teams channels
or an archive.
4. Implementation of groupware tools
Relevant and practical groupware for EDGE project can be divided into communication
systems and applications for information dissemination. A compound groupware
designated for the both purposes are currently available, but a prominent issue is that one
51

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

universal application may not always be the best for different tasks. Therefore, I
approached the two needs separately. The evaluated alternatives for communication
groupware were Slack, Teams and Zoom. As a reminder, these three were chosen by their
popularity and familiarity, which was essential to respect the demand by both researchers
and business participants. Both sides made statements of having too many profession
related information technology applications and would not prefer to learn new ones.
Therefore, Slack was left out due to unfamiliarity among academia as well as in many
companies.
After brief testing of Teams and Zoom, and their comparison to Skype For Business in
weekly researcher meetings, there seems not to be clear advantages for Skype other than
familiarity and easiness to act as a host. Therefore, I cannot construct definitive
suggestions or decisions until thoroughly testing Teams and Zoom many times in real
conditions, in this case in weekly and monthly meetings, to find which one could be the
best for the EDGE project. They both worked well after first tests and have been thereby
approved by researchers. Though, because Skype For Business is being announced to shut
down in near future it is very recommendable to replace it as soon as possible with Teams
or Zoom. In turn, the other could be thought as backup referring to Aubert et al.’s
recommendation not to depend on single IT-system vulnerable to single error.
For information dissemination purposes, the Microsoft Yammer cannot be suggested for
EDGE project because of designated use for organization’s internal socializing and
networking. In turn, Delve and SharePoint/OneDrive are considered very useful in
practice, but deeper look into them revealed their functionality and usability for EDGE
should be arranged via Teams. Arrangement of mere folder system by Delve,
SharePoint/OneDrive or either Google Drive without interface like Teams would not
solve the actual issues of naming files and folder archives in common way for convenient
inter-organization-wide retrieval. Teams interface would enable slightly improved
functionality on classifying documents via channel division, but as long as the internal
Wiki function remains unsearchable it cannot be recommended. Therefore, I recommend
the research consortium to dedicate first one and later a few Teams channels named Wiki
+ “purpose X” for document archiving and to see if it suits for academia and replace
Google Drive with it. Designated Wiki channels would be searchable, according to article
by Redmond. Academia should also name one or two “archive owners” responsible for

52

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

maintenance of the documents and channel content, taking care of consistent naming,
duplicate removal, keeping documents updated and providing guidance for others when
necessary. Channel and comment based document archives could involve algorithms.
In addition, I constructed Development suggestion for TUNI’s Teams channel layout for
EDGE. The TUNI Teams layout plan presented in Table 2 includes seven different
channels. The plan should first be tested for a few days or weeks among researchers, and
discussion topics should be established in the channels where companies could join.
Table 2 Teams channel matrix suggestion for EDGE project
Channel

Theme

Topics and content

Files

Participants

General

Bulletin board and

e.g. Workshop and

Temporary

Universities,

discussion

daily discussions

seminar talk and

companies,

announcements

others

Research

Academic papers

Discussions about

Yes

Universities

Yes

Universities,

academic papers and
research
Demonstrators

[to be decided]

Demonstrator related
discussions

Monthly &

Progress updates by

“Weekly emails” and

Weekly

university

discussion about general

companies

Administrative

Plans,

Universities,

project

information

agreements,

companies

[to be decided]

templates
State of Art on EDGE

EDGE

Analytics related

Analytics

discussions

Wiki

Universities,

Administrative and
management

State of Art on

No

progress

meetings
Steering Group

companies

Archive for

No wide discussion.

documents and

Good practices, guides

algorithms

and instructions

Yes

Universities,
companies

Archive

Universities,
companies

The General channel could be designated for the daily discussions not fitting under any
other channels. The channel could additionally be used for talks and questions raised
during or after the events. Small announcements related to these events could be shared

53

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

here as well, but not project administration related. Discussion in general channel should
remain open and thus accessible also for participants outside the EDGE project
agreement, such as other researchers, research assistants, consultants etc.
Research channel designated to research paper discussions should be restricted from
companies to avoid information overload, as warned by Bryson as well in his book. If
some of the companies would be interested in joining the channel, the potential discussion
as result would reflect and decrease another channels’ activity as well, which is not
desired. Therefore, if the discussion in the channel could interest or need an involvement
of businesses, the topic should be continued on another channel.
The main and the most active channels should be the Demonstrator and State of Art on
EDGE Analytics channels where content would be divided respective to their names.
Albeit, these two could be joined or divided further based on substantive demand now
and in future. Companies should be encouraged to join into discussions in these channels
and if agreeable, act as discussion leaders or proactive discussion starters. All companies
should be invited and asked to stay in both channels despite their specialties and own
projects to increase the odds of serendipity by cross-industrial knowledge transfer.
Channel of Monthly and Weekly meetings should include information and discussion
about progress and practical achievements of EDGE in general. The channel could replace
the weekly research meeting emails if necessary, or work in parallel to reach participants
preferring emails but not Teams communication. Documents should be shared and
uploaded always directly under the respective topics, and never to Monthly and Weekly
meetings channel. Documents without clear destination could be temporarily uploaded to
General channel from where to be redirected onwards by archive owners. A principal
suggestion for naming of documents could be that longer names are better in term of
searchability. Document names could include dates and the name of original uploader as
well as latest editor to track down who knows the most about the latest content.
Steering group channel could be for administrative and project management discussions
and documents, such as project plans, agreements, their templates etc. This channel
should remain the most inactive, other than cases when redirection of the project goals
are required or key personnel representing the university or company changes.

54

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Last channel, the Wiki could work as an archive to store good practices, instructions and
algorithms. The wiki would require the most attention from archive owners to maintain
integrity and searchability. The content and files should be named consistently and
reviewed e.g. weekly basis to check for duplicate contents. The content related discussion
should be held as narrow and suggestion based as possible to avoid unnecessary
information flow. As the studies by Lepac and Snell, and Fong and Chu warn, instead of
sharing too much information in the channel, the more likely issue would be participants
not sharing enough in fear of losing professional value or competitive edge.
In the end it is dull but essential to underline that as PAR discussions have revealed, the
information dissemination solution like the described Teams layout could end up
becoming a “necessary evil” like predicted in study by Ambos and Schlegelmilch. The
maintenance of Teams channels would require extra work from the voluntary archive
owners but also from all the users demanded to upload content corresponding to agreed
standards. Nevertheless, there are no barriers for testing the Teams environment
especially since TUNI has already set the foundation and see if researchers as well as
business participants would become inspired and find the Teams good after all. Therefore,
I can recommend at least to try the TUNI Teams in EDGE project with moderate
expectations.
Figure 6 below represents a complete overview of the CSCW based communication
strategy for EDGE project. The matrix is based on Baecker’s et al. framework filled with
recommended actions.

Figure 6 Communication strategy matrix for EDGE (Adapted from Baecker et. al 1995, 742)

55

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Face-to-Face interactions could be company and onsite visits by researchers, workshops
and seminars arranged by universities, when technology is being used as a medium of
demonstration. Continuous tasks would consist the researcher’s supportive work such as
data analysis at the company’s premises with their devices where employees could
continue the same task while researcher is not there. Remote interactions would include
all daily discussions held in Zoom, Teams or by calling. At last, Communication and
Coordination would be the asynchronous communication in the TUNI Teams channels,
supported by emailing.

56

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

6 DISCUSSION
The correspondence between the found literature and the thesis topic was rather complex.
Firstly, the literature about knowledge management is vast and includes numerous
established concepts and perspectives that are at times conflicting. In addition, the field
of knowledge management is constantly evolving as the modern organization cultures
adopt for instance individualistic and horizontal forms. The literature about the basic
theory of CSCW was challenging to utilize and adapt to present day as well, since the
elements of CSCW theory have changed significantly due to revolution of Internet since
its establishment in 1980’s.
Computer mediated cooperation has become the fundamental environment to everyday
work, and latest studies and literature focus mostly on technological explorations and
implementing the technology everywhere such as IoT. Questioning what kind of
alternatives there would be for CSCW and if technology can point the right direction
seems to be sparse. Though, there are excellent new CSCW applications as well; for
example, the presented ERP and SABRE -systems. Studies concerning the effects and
impact of groupware applications such as Microsoft Teams, Slack etc. are sparse as well,
but most likely because of the novelty of groupware industry. At all events, groupware is
already becoming the core elements of knowledge work.
In principle, the research method of Participatory Action Research revealed to fit well for
the thesis study. Interacting regularly with the participants and becoming a part of
community of practice instead of merely observing or conducting interviews revealed a
lot of crucial details. Though, the study field of university-industry with several diverse
organizations proved to be so extensive that six-month participation was not enough to
form a sufficient understanding of the circumstances. Then again, it was acknowledged
from the beginning that large projects with multiple organizations have their peculiar
challenges that are difficult to solve with the same methods demonstrated in
collaborations of smaller scale.
The potential challenges belonging to PAR method, such as resistance to change and
participants’ requirement to adopt changes, listed by McIntyre, were perceived in the
study as well. One typical PAR aspect which was not encountered was the suspicion by
examinees towards the researcher, which is however explainable by the higher age and
57

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

professional authority of the examinees. Thinking afterwards, to improve the study, the
participation should have required more people to familiarize with all the organizations
more in detail. Alternatively, having more experience about the university-industry
collaborations or more than six months to do the study would have helped very likely as
well.
It is essential to underline again that because this study was subscribed, supervised by and
conducted from a perspective of Åbo Akademi University’s IT department, the study
processes involved strong dependencies to ÅAU. Therefore, implementation of the results
may need adjustments and should be considered as directive suggestions among the
universities in Tampere and Vaasa as well as by company participants, and in further
utilization in other projects.
One of the challenges in the thesis was to begin while the EDGE project had already been
active for half a year. Also, the project and its environment evolved all the time, and a lot
of work had to be reconstructed due to emergent information and proactivity by the
participants. Proactivity belongs naturally to PAR, but for example the establishment of
TUNI Teams came by surprise as well as researchers’ previous experiences about Zoom.
Initially this thesis was supposed to include broader guidance to Teams including a
complete channel design, but the pre-existing layout required changes in thesis plan. In
addition, opinions were sometimes difficult to interpret and fulfill as participants had
conflicting experiences and desires.
Concluding the answers to research questions – what is the current state of
communication and information dissemination, what kind of strategic development
suggestions could be implemented for communication in the project and how to improve
dissemination of information in the project – I restate that in the beginning of the study,
the results were expected to be technically oriented and focus more on knowledge
management repository design to improve information dissemination. However, the
literature review, PAR discussions and interviews revealed the latent issues involving a
lot of non-technical attributes to take into consideration when mapping the current state
and forming the strategy.
In EDGE, the current state of communication and dissemination is linked to respective
organizations, businesses and their personnel. Information sharing happens most

58

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

efficiently within personal networks, but participants are ready to extend their networks.
Strategic development suggestions for communication are to consolidate knowledge
sharing atmosphere by building mutual trust and openness, upholding informality and
involvement, focusing on practicality and considering the incremental small findings.
One of the improvements for information dissemination was the introduction of weekly
email newsletter for better transparency and to keep participants informed. Another
dissemination improvement focused on groupware solutions Zoom and Microsoft Teams
that were suggested for replacing the Skype For Business. In addition, a channel layout
for information dissemination in Teams was analyzed and improved further according to
the project’s needs. The channel layout was introduced in table format with definitions.
In the end, I consider the research questions appropriate and answers being found. Ideally,
a fourth technically advancing question would have complemented the study but
answering to it would have required more time or experience. Nevertheless, the thesis
results can be described as a comprehensive communication strategy which can be
considered as the foundation where more practical system-oriented solution can be
created in form of another thesis study or a similar type of development project. I can
recommend the sequel study for a student of Information Systems major.

59

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

REFERENCES
Adelman, C. (1993). Kurt Lewin and the Origins of Action Research. Educational Action
Research. Volume 1, issue 1.
Ambos, T. & Schlegelmilch, B. (2009). Managing knowledge in international consulting
firms. Journal of Knowledge Management. Volume 13, issue, 6. pp. 491 - 508
Aubert, B., Saunders, C., Weiner, M., Denk, R., & Wolfermann, T. (2016). How adidas
Realized Benefits from a Contrary IT Multisourcing Strategy. MIS Quarterly Executive.
Volume 15, issue 3. pp 179-194.
Austin, J. (2003). Chase, Chance and Creativity: The Lucky Art of Novelty. London: The
MIT Press.
Baecker, R., Grudin, J., Buxton, W. & Greenberg, S. (1995). READINGS IN Humancomputer interaction: Toward the Year 2000. San Francisco: Morgan Kaufmann
Publishers. 2nd ed.
Bates, T. (2011). Tony Bates Weighs in on Microsoft’s Acquisition of Skype. Retrieved
in October 3, 2019. https://blogs.microsoft.com/blog/2011/10/13/tony-bates-weighs-inon-microsofts-acquisition-of-skype/
Baxi, A. (2017). Microsoft Teams introduces Trello integration for task management,
April 24, 2017. Retrieved in October 7, 2019. https://www.onmsft.com/news/microsoftteams-introduces-trello-integration-for-task-management
Björkqvist, J. (2018). Projekt EDGE – sensornära analys är nästa inom industriell IoT.
(2018, December 4th). Retrieved in July 15, 2019. https://www.abo.fi/nyheter/projektedge-sensornara-analys-ar-nasta-inom-industriell-iot/
Brief, A. & Motowidlo, S. (1986). Prosocial organizational behaviors. Academy of
Management Review. Volume 11, issue 4. pp. 710-725.
Bryson, J. (2011). Managing information services: a sustainable approach. Farnham:
Ashgate Publishing, Ltd.

60

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Burke, K. & Chidambaram, L. (1995). Developmental Differences Between Distributed
and Face-to-Face Groups in Electronically Supported Meeting Environments: An
Exploratory Investigation. Group Decision and Negotiation. Volume 4, issue 3, pp. 213233. https://doi-org.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/10.1007/BF01384689
Canhoto, A.I., Quinton, S., Jackson, P. & Dibb, S. (2016). The co-production of value in
digital,

university–industry R&D

Management.

collaborative projects.

Volume

56,

Industrial Marketing
pp.

86–96.

http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.indmarman.2016.03.010
CardioLog Analytics. (2019). Sharepoint vs OneDrive Explained – Microsoft Business
Tools

Guide,

August

28,

2019.

Retrieved

in

October

8,

2019.

https://blog.intlock.com/sharepoint-vs-onedrive-explained-microsoft-business-toolsguide/
Chepalov, A. (2018). Slack vs Microsoft Teams. Which Tool is Ahead of The Game, July
9, 2018. Retrieved in October 22, 2019. https://www.chanty.com/blog/slack-vsmicrosoft-teams/
Chesbrough, H. (2003). Open innovation: How companies actually do it. Harvard
Business Review. Volume 81, issue 7, pp 12–14.
Choi, H., Jeon, Y., Park, H. & Nah, K. (2018). Collaborative workshops between client
and agency for open innovation. Journal of Open Innovation: Technology, Market, and
Complexity. Volume 4, issue 13. doi:10.1186/s40852-018-0082-7
Cisco. (2015). Fog Computing and the Internet of Things: Extend the Cloud to Where the
Things Are. Cisco Public White Paper. https://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en_us/solutions/trends/iot/docs/computing-overview.pdf
Cohen, W., Nelson, R., Walsh, J. (2002). Links and impacts: The influence of public
research on industrial R&D. Management Science. Volume 48, pp. 1-23.
Dalkir, K. (2011). Knowledge management in Theory and Practice. (2nd ed.) Cambridge:
The MIT Press.

61

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Davenport, T. & Prusak, L. (1998). Working knowledge: How organizations manage
what they know. Boston: Harvard Business School Press.
De Long, D. & Fahey, L. (2000). Diagnosing cultural barriers to knowledge management.
Academy of management Executive. Volume 14, issue 4. pp. 113-127. DOI:
10.5465/AME.2000.3979820
Delve. (2019). Retrieved in October 2, 2019. delve.office.com
EDGE research plan. (2018). EDGE – Edge Analytics for Smart Diagnostics in Digital
Machinery Concept. (2018 May 22nd).
Edmondson, G., Valigra, L., Kenward, M., Hudson, R. & Belfield, H. (2012). Making
industry-university partnerships work - Lessons from successful collaborations. Science|
Business. Science | Business Innovation Board AISBL.
Edvardsson, B., Tronvoll, B., & Gruber, T. (2011). Expanding understanding of service
exchange and value co-creation: A social construction approach. Journal of the Academy
of Marketing Science. Volume 39 issue 2, pp 327–339.
Foley, M. (2018). What's next for Teams, Microsoft's 'fastest growing business app' in
company history. ZDNet, September 24, 2018. Retrieved in October 7, 2019.
https://www.zdnet.com/article/whats-next-for-teams-microsofts-fastest-growingbusiness-app-in-company-history/
Fong, P. & Chu, L. (2006). Exploratory Study of Knowledge Sharing in Contracting
Companies: A Sociotechnical Perspective. Journal of construction engineering and
management. Volume 132, issue 9. pp. 928-939.
Greenberg, S. (1991). Computer-Supported Cooperative Work and Groupware: An
Introduction to the Special Edition. International Journal of Man Machine Studies.
Volume 34, issue 2. pp. 133-143.
Gupta, A. & Govindarajan, V. (2000). Knowledge management’s social dimension:
Lessons from Nucor Steel. Sloan Management Review. Volume 42, issue 1. pp. 71–80.
Hooff, B. & Huysman, M. (2009). Managing knowledge sharing: Emergent and
engineering approaches. Information and Management. Volume 46, issue 1. pp 1–8.

62

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Jarvenpaa, S. & Staples, S. (2001). Exploring perceptions of organizational ownership of
information and expertise. Journal of Management Information Systems. Volume 18,
issue 1. pp. 151-183.
Johnson, H. (2018). Resource Review – Slack. JMLA – Journal of the Medical Library
Association. Volume 106, issue 1. pp. 148-151. dx.doi.org/10.5195/jmla.2018.315
Kemmis, S., & Wilkinson, M. (1998). PAR and the study of practice. New York:
Routledge.
Kilmann, R. (1989). Managing beyond the quick fix. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass.
Kitchener, M. (2002). Mobilising the logic of managerialism in professional fields: The
case of AHC mergers. Organization Studies. Volume 23, issue 3, pp 391–420.
Lepac, D. & Snell, S. (1999). The human resource architecture: toward a theory of human
capital allocation and development. Academy of Management Review. Volume. 24, issue
1. pp. 31-48.
Lexico. (2019). Retrieved in October 8, 2019. www.lexico.com
Lombardi, V. (2019). Famous Quotes by Vince Lombardi. Retrieved in August 5, 2019.
http://www.vincelombardi.com/quotes.html
Madhavaram, S. & Hunt, S. (2008). The service-dominant logic and a hierarchy of
operant resources: Developing masterful operant resources and implication for marketing
strategy. Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science. Volume 36 issue1, pp. 67–82.
Markezich, R. (2018). Make the switch to OneDrive for improved productivity and cost
savings, February 6, 2018. Retrieved in October 8, 2019. https://www.microsoft.com/enus/microsoft-365/blog/2018/02/06/make-the-switch-to-onedrive-for-improvedproductivity-and-cost-savings/
McGrath, J. (1991). Time, interaction, and performance (TIP) A Theory of Groups. Small
Group Research. Volume 22, issue 2. pp. 147-174.
McIntyre, A. (2008). Participatory Action Research. Thousand Oaks: Sage Publications
Inc.

63

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Mehta, N., Mehta, D. & Mehta, R. (2013). Application of engineering ethics through
effective communication: issues and challenges. Oeconomics of Knowledge. Volume 5,
issue 3. pp. 8-15.
Microsoft 356. (2019). Retrieved in October 2, 2019. https://www.microsoft.com/enus/microsoft-365/business/compare-more-office-365-for-business-plans
Microsoft Office. (2019). Welcome to Office Help & Training. Retrieved in October 9,
2019. https://support.office.com/en-gb/
Motal, J. (2011). Microsoft Office 365 Launching June 28. PC Magazine, June 6, 2011.
Retrieved in October 2, 2019. https://www.pcmag.com/news/265291/microsoft-office365-launching-june-28
Newman, D. (2019). Collaboration Tech Wars: Cisco vs. Zoom and Slack, July 3, 2019.
Retrieved

in

October

22,

2019.

https://www.commercialintegrator.com/-

communications/collaboration/cisco-live-2019-zoom-slack/
Nuno, P., Martins, J., Domingos, H. & Duarte, S. (2006). Supporting Multi-synchronous
Groupware: Data Management Problems and a Solution. International Journal
Cooperative Information Systems. Volume 15, issue 2. pp. 229-258.
Olsson, T., Jarusriboonchai, P., Woniak, P., Paasovaara, S., Väänänen, K. & Lucero, A.
(2019). Technologies for Enhancing Collocated Social Interaction: Review of Design
Solutions and Approaches. Computer Supported Cooperative Work: CSCW. pp. 1-55.
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10606-019-09345-0
OneDrive. (2019). https://onedrive.live.com/about/fi-fi/
Osterloh, M., Frost, J. & Frey, B. (2002). The dynamics of motivation in new
organizational forms. International Journal of the Economics of Business. Volume 9,
issue 1, pp. 61-77.
Peleckis, K., Peleckiene, V. & Peleckis, K. (2015). Nonverbal Communication in
Business Negotiations and Business Meetings. International Letters of Social and
Humanistic

Sciences.

Volume

62,

pp.

62-72.

doi:10.18052/www.scipress.com/ILSHS.62.62

64

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Peluso, J. (2016). Office 365 Groups, SharePoint Sites, Microsoft Teams: Where Do I
Collaborate?

Retrieved

October

2,

2019.

https://www.cmswire.com/digital-

workplace/office-365-groups-sharepoint-sites-microsoft-teams-where-do-i-collaborate/
Penichet, V.M., Marin, I., Gallud, J., Lozano, M. & Tesoriero, R. (2007). A Classification
Method for CSCW Systems. Electronic Notes in Theoretical Computer Science. Volume
168, issue 8, pp. 237-247.
Proserveit. (2019). The Future of Skype for Business: Moving Skype to Teams. August
14, 2019. Retrieved in October 3, 2019. https://www.proserveit.com/blog/future-ofskype-for-business
Redmond, T. (2018). Inside the Teams Wiki, October 5, 2018. Retrieved in October 8,
2019. https://office365itpros.com/2018/10/05/inside-teams-wiki/
Redmond, T., Cunningham, P. & Van Horenbeeck, M. (2018). Office 365 for IT Pros:
Companion Volume (2019).
Rese, A., Gemunden, H., & Baier, D. (2013). ‘Too many cooks spoil the broth’: Key
persons and their roles in inter-organizational innovations. Creativity & Innovation
Management. Volume 22, issue 4, pp. 390–407.
Räisänen, K. (2019). Monet yritykset ovat aivan liian jäykkiä ja hierarkkisia, sanoo
jättiyhtiöitä tutkinut Nora Buser – hänellä on niille yksinkertainen viesti: ”Jää nähtäväksi,
pystyvätkö ne siihen”. Helsingin Sanomat 16.9.2019. Retrieved in September 17, 2019.
https://www.hs.fi/talous/art-2000006239929.html
Sacco, D. & Ismail, M. (2014). Social belongingness satisfaction as a function of
interaction medium: Face-to-face interactions facilitate greater social belonging and
interaction enjoyment compared to instant messaging. Computers in Human Behavior.
Volume 36, pp. 359–364
Schmidt, K. (2011). Cooperative Work and Coordinative Practices. Contributions to the
Conceptual Foundations of Computer-Supported Cooperative Work (CSCW). London:
Springer. DOI 10.1007/978-1-84800-068-1

65

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Scott, T. (2019). SharePoint vs. OneDrive for Business: What’s the Difference? Retrieved
October 2, 2019. https://technologyadvice.com/blog/information-technology/sharepointvs-onedrive-for-business/
Slack. (2019). www.slack.com
Slack Survey Results (2015). https://a.slack-edge.com/7b00/img/survey/slack_survey_results.pdf
Somekh, B. (2006). Action Research – A methodology for change and development. New
York: Open University Press.
Statista. (2019). Number of estimated Skype users registered worldwide from 2009 to
2024.

Retrieved

in

October

3,

2019.

https://www.statista.com/statistics/820384/estimated-number-skype-users-worldwide/
St. Germain, S. (2015). Use of Collaborative Software to Improve Nuclear Power Plant
Outage Management. Conference paper, NPIC & HMIT 2015.
Tan, C. (2016). Enhancing knowledge sharing and research collaboration among
academics: the role of knowledge management. Higher Education. Volume 71, issue 4.
pp. 525-556. https://doi-org.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/10.1007/s10734-015-9922-6
Teams. (2019). www.teams.microsoft.com
TechAdvisory. (2018). Cloud storage 101: OneDrive vs SharePoint, September 27, 2018.
Retrieved in October 8, 2019. http://www.techadvisory.org/2018/09/cloud-storage-101onedrive-vs-sharepoint/
Terwiesch, C., & Loch, C. (2004). Collaborative prototyping and the pricing of custom
designed products. Management Science. Volume 50, issue 2.
Trello. (2019). www.trello.com
Tung, L. (2018). Microsoft Teams is killing it in the business chat market. December 11,
2018. Retrieved in October 3, 2019. https://www.zdnet.com/article/microsoft-teams-iskilling-it-in-the-business-chat-market/

66

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

Vargo, S. & Lusch, R. (2008). Service-dominant logic: Continuing the evolution. Journal
of the Academy of Marketing Science. Volume 36, issue 1, pp. 1–10.
Vuorinen, M. (2019). Aura Raulo oli lapsena fantasia-maailmassa elävä, koulu-kiusattu
nörtti, joka päätyi maailman huipulle. Helsingin Sanomat. Retrieved in August 9, 2019.
https://www.hs.fi/elama/art2000006106357.html?share=09fc8bcc6fa88d6dbf94da0879cafdd3
Väänänen-Vainio-Mattila, K., Olsson, T. & Häkkila, J. (2015) Towards Deeper
Understanding of User Experience with Ubiquitous Computing Systems: Systematic
Literature Review and Design Framework. 15th Human-Computer Interaction
conference - INTERACT 2015, Bamberg, Germany. pp. 384- 401.
Yammer. (2019). www.yammer.com
Zelfond, G. (2017). 5 reasons to love the new Office 365 Delve. June 29, 2017. Retrieved
in October 3, 2019. https://sharepointmaven.com/5-reasons-love-new-office-365-delve/

67

T. Hämäläinen: Communication strategies for producing higher quality expert work

APPENDICES
APPENDIX 1
THEME INTERVIEW APPLICATION (COMPANIES)
Interviewee and Title:________________________________________
Institution/Company:_________________________________________
Location and Date:__________________________________________
Duration:_________________________________________________

1. OPINIONS ABOUT CURRENT COOPERATION AND COMMUNICATION IN EDGE
PROJECT?

2. ASPIRATIONS TOWARDS COOPERATION AND COMMUNICATION IN EDGE PROJECT?

3. OPINIONS TOWARDS ON-SITE COOPERATION IN EDGE PROJECT?

68

