“And the earth was without form and void”: The Paradoxical Nature of
Formlessness in Eleanor Wilner’s “Reading the Bible Backwards”

Matilda Söderbacka, 37150
Pro gradu-avhandling i engelska språket och litteraturen
Handledare: Jason Finch
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi
Åbo Akademi
2020

Matilda Söderbacka
ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY
Abstract for Master’s thesis
Subject: English Language and Literature
Author: Matilda Söderbacka
Title: “And the earth was without form and void”: The Paradoxical Nature of Eleanor
Wilner’s “Reading the Bible Backwards”
Supervisor: Jason Finch
Abstract:
This thesis explores the two-fold nature of formlessness through a vital materialist lens.
The focus of the study is Eleanor Wilner’s apocalyptic poem “Reading the Bible
Backwards”, which is a retelling of the Christian creation story in reverse. The driving
questions are: if matter and form are regarded as inseparable, how can the formless be
perceived, or exist at all? Is it possible to portray formlessness, and if so, how does
Wilner do so in her poem? To answer these paradoxes I differentiate between absolute
and relative formlessness. The loosening of concepts such as form and matter is a
crucial praxis for this thesis. Absence is explored through its positive counterpart in a
poetics of negativity.
Literary pragmatics and an interdisciplinary methodology offer a holistic approach to
this elusive topic. Apart from the main theoretical framework of vital materiality, the
analysis contains four other interpretative perspectives. These are ecocriticism,
historicism, narratology and spatial deixis. This composite close reading is followed
by an overview of the materiality of poetry. The results of this study conclude that, on
the imaginative, literary level, Wilner succeeds in breaking down structures of form
and subsequently portrays formlessness. However, on the material level, it is
impossible to achieve formlessness, as poetry as a medium is anchored in tactile reality.
This is the two-fold nature of formlessness.

Keywords: formlessness, vital materiality, actants, Eleanor Wilner, literary
pragmatics, poetics of negativity, apocalyptic poetry
Date: 17.02.2020

Pages: 110
2

Matilda Söderbacka

Some lovely glorious nothing I did see.
—John Donne

3

Matilda Söderbacka

Contents
1.

Introduction ............................................................................................................... 6

2.

Theory ....................................................................................................................... 8
2.1. Definitions ............................................................................................................. 8
2.2 Interdisciplinarity and personal motivation .......................................................... 10
2.3 Form as a concept ................................................................................................. 13
2.3.1 Philosophical outline of form ......................................................................... 15
2.3.2. Leighton’s aesthetic outline of form ............................................................. 17
2.3.3 A two-fold approach to formlessness ............................................................. 20
2.4 A theory of objects and actants ............................................................................. 22
2.5 Bennett’s vital materiality ..................................................................................... 30
2.6 Focillon and forms of art....................................................................................... 34
2.7 Spatial deixis ......................................................................................................... 43
2.8 Conclusions on form ............................................................................................. 44

3.

Analysis of “Reading the Bible Backwards” .......................................................... 48
3.1 Synopsis of “Reading the Bible Backwards” ....................................................... 48
3.2 Poetics of negativity.............................................................................................. 50
3.3 An ecocritical perspective ..................................................................................... 52
3.4 A historicist perspective........................................................................................ 59
3.5 A narratological perspective ................................................................................. 64
3.6 A deictic perspective ............................................................................................ 69
4

Matilda Söderbacka
3.7 A vital materialist perspective .............................................................................. 74
3.8 Assessing the analysis ........................................................................................... 82
4.

The materiality of poetry ......................................................................................... 84
4.1 Colour ................................................................................................................... 85
4.2 Sound .................................................................................................................... 87
4.3 Scope ..................................................................................................................... 88

5.

Conclusion............................................................................................................... 93

6.

Summary in Swedish – Svensk sammanfattning .................................................... 96
Works Cited .............................................................................................................. 100

5

Matilda Söderbacka

1. Introduction
This thesis presents a two-fold take on formlessness by arguing that it is possible to
portray formlessness on an imaginative, literary level, while on a material level, that
portrayal is necessarily anchored in the materiality of the medium. Thus, formlessness is
only ever relative, not absolute. The medium in question is poetry as this thesis offers an
analysis of Eleanor Wilner’s 1989 apocalyptic poem “Reading the Bible Backwards”.
This thesis is an example of literary pragmatics, as it takes an interdisciplinary approach
which combines literary and cultural studies with philosophy and linguistics.
I approach formlessness through a philosophy of vital materiality built on the
vibrant matter theory of Jane Bennett, Graham Harman’s metaphysical account of Bruno
Latour’s actant theory and Henri Focillon’s theory of kinetic forms of art. A vital
materialist approach acknowledges the agency of all entities and does not distinguish
between human and non-human or organic and inorganic substances, or what is
sometimes referred to as a dichotomy of life vs. matter. According to vital materiality, all
entities exist on the same ontological footing. Furthermore, this theory does not follow
the Cartesian soul-body dualism. Instead, the vital materiality of this thesis sees matter
and form as entwined and inseparable.
In chapter 2, I present the theoretical background to my analysis. I start with a few
useful definitions in section 2.1, before presenting my motivation for choosing this topic
and the reasons behind an interdisciplinary approach in section 2.2. Section 2.3 delves
into form as a concept, with three sub-sections focusing on the philosophical and aesthetic
history of form, and my interpretation and use of form and its absence. In 2.4, I present
Graham Harman’s metaphysical account of Bruno Latour’s actant theory. In 2.5, I turn to
Jane Bennett’s theory of vibrant matter, which gave me the umbrella term vital
materiality. Section 2.6 focuses on Henri Focillon’s view of the relationship between form
6

Matilda Söderbacka
and art. Focillon’s “identity of touch” (111) plays a significant role in chapter 4, which is
concerned with the tactile materiality of art. Section 2.7 moves into a literary pragmatic
territory and introduces the linguistic marker spatial deixis. Chapter 2 is concluded with
an overview of the theory to help the reader keep the most salient points in mind for the
analysis.
The analysis of “Reading the Bible Backwards” is presented in chapter 3, with
subsections for a synopsis of the poem (3.1), an outline of the poetics of negativity (3.2),
and five different close readings of the poem. These are an eco-critical perspective (3.3),
a historicist perspective (3.4), a narratological perspective (3.5), a spatial deictic
perspective (3.6) and a vital materialist perspective (3.7). In section 3.8, these different
readings are assessed and compared. All of these perspectives offer a different take on
how Wilner achieves formlessness, although they might seem similar at first glance.
Chapter 4 focuses on the materiality of poetry to argue that on the physical level,
a poem cannot be an example of formlessness. Poetry is compared to another medium,
film, to demonstrate its unique properties. Section 4.1 examines colour, section 4.2 sound
and section 4.3 scope. Lastly, I offer a conclusion to tie together all the threads of the
thesis and suggest further research.

7

Matilda Söderbacka

2. Theory
2.1. Definitions
Since this thesis is an attempt to do away with philosophical modernist dualisms such as
human/nature, human/animal, life/matter, and organic/inorganic per the example of
Bruno Latour and Jane Bennett, I want to problematize using such distinctions. For the
sake of clarity, I refer to human or nonhuman forms and matter where a distinction is
required. Non-human materiality includes, among other entities, “trash, bacteria, stem
cells, food, metal, technologies, weather” (Bennett 115). This dichotomy still displays an
anthropocentric focus but will be used to facilitate the discussion. These distinctions
function like Latour’s notion of the black box: if the box is cracked open, the looseness
and artificiality of the connections and boundaries become apparent, but for the sake of
discussion they are regarded as agreed upon entities (Harman 2009, pp. 36-46). In the
words of Bennett:

It is hard indeed to keep one’s mind wrapped around a materiality that is not
reducible to extension in space, difficult to dwell with the notion of an
incorporeality or a differential of intensities. This is because to live, humans need
to interpret the world reductively as a series of fixed objects, a need reflected in
the rhetorical role assigned to the word material. (Bennett 58)

Since agency is a crucial component of this view, (henceforth referred to as vital
materiality) a definition of agency proves useful. The Oxford English Dictionary defines
agency as the “[a]bility or capacity to act or exert power; active working or operation;
action, activity” (“agency”). Across philosophical traditions, agency has been given
different qualities and the question of free will has been debated, e.g. in Kant’s stress of
8

Matilda Söderbacka
moral will (Bennett 29). The notion of agency is closely tied to human activity. This
connection is influentially explored in Michel de Certeau’s “Walking in the City”, where
the active movements of pedestrians are identified as weaving spaces together and
creating text through the rhetoric of walking. Taking a shortcut rather than following a
planned route is an act of micro-agency which asserts inhabitants of the city as being in
control of the environment and resisting top-down regulation (de Certeau 153-159). There
is also prominent post-colonial scholarship written on the lack of agency in the theory of
the subaltern developed by Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak (1988).
In an attempt to deconstruct the aforementioned dichotomy of human-nonhuman,
Bennett draws a parallel between the nonhuman agency of objects to which moral
responsibility does not quite stick and the unnoticed “looseness and slipperiness” (28) of
human agency. She uses the analogy of a pebble thrown into a lake and of electricity
going through wires to showcase the effects of intention: “it vibrates and merges with
other currents, to affect and be affected. This understanding of agency does not deny the
existence of that thrust called intentionality, but it does see it as less definitive of
outcomes” (Bennett 32). This thesis adopts Bennett’s view of agency as belonging to both
human and nonhuman materiality and the ripple effect caused by it.
When talking about formlessness, one inevitably talks about absolutes. The
etymology of the word comes from the Latin ab (off) and solvere (to loosen), which
informs the reading of the absolute as something that is “loosened off and on the loose”
(Bennett 3). Compare this to the religious use of absolution, where a priest channels a
divinity that “loosens sins from their attachment to a particular soul” (Bennett 3). The
goal of this thesis is to loosen the concepts of matter and form in order to explore
formlessness. Acknowledging the presence of matter and form also addresses questions
of absence. So, paradoxically, talking about absolutes loosens the concepts rather than
9

Matilda Söderbacka
tightens them. I return to this in the discussion of Latour’s black boxes (below pp. 27-29).
Informed by readings of Bennett and Harman, nonhuman materiality is given equal
ontological weight in this thesis. However, since I am writing as a human being, from a
human point of view, I inevitably centre the human experience. Furthermore, when
writing about the absolute and formless, there is arguably no way of actually being able
to perceive nor represent it. Everything knowable for humans is tied to space and time,
so the absolute detaches from human thinking and goes beyond the limits of intelligibility
(Bennett 3). This thesis is thus an exercise in academic imagination.

2.2 Interdisciplinarity and personal motivation
My academic background is in literary, cultural, cinematic and linguistic studies, which
informs the interdisciplinary nature of this thesis. Rather than utilise a method of analysis
specifically developed for literary studies, I take a pragmatic approach which allows me
to analyse my primary material from an interdisciplinary and flexible point of view,
incorporating such varied fields as philosophy, literary and media studies and linguistics.
As Jason Finch (34-42, 48-51) points out, it is not only literary scholars and creative
writers who can make observations on literary concepts, but linguists and philosophers as
well. Linguistic pragmatics and, in this case, spatial deixis, is a useful tool for critiquing
literature as it operates on both a micro and macro level, scrutinising the text itself in its
smallest components and situating the reader in a larger context of place (Finch 49). I
agree with the belief of Roger D. Sell (2) that pragmatics is a tangible and fitting way of
changing the status quo and of incorporating interdisciplinarity into academia.
On a personal level, I am interested in the absence of something so ubiquitous as
form. This is tied to my critical and political interest in networks of invisible societal
structures that inform every aspect of action and interaction. These structures have real10

Matilda Söderbacka
life consequences despite not being tangible in a concrete sense and my understanding of
them have largely been built on the ground-breaking black feminism of bell hooks (1981),
Audre Lorde (1984) and Kimberlé Crenshaw (1989). Systems of racism, sexism,
classism, heterosexism and disablism are so embedded in dominant culture and practice
that those not directly affected can disregard them and claim them to be non-existent. This
idea of absence and non-existence fascinates me in a myriad of ways, and coupled with
questions of materiality – particularly regarding the absence of materiality – and the
paradoxical nature of non-spaces, it has led me to my thesis topic. While I am principally
interested in the absence of form, i.e. formlessness, the lacking nature of it is so evasive
that it is virtually impossible to approach without a detour through definitions of form.
I thus approach formlessness with an interest that is rooted in real-world politics
and with an analysis that is grounded in literary and cultural studies, while borrowing
elements of linguistics and philosophy. The challenges this presents for this thesis include
keeping a sufficiently narrow focus and situating the research in an appropriate tradition.
However, in this case, the advantages of interdisciplinarity outweigh the disadvantages.
Approaching formlessness from a variety of angles allows a more complete picture to be
drawn and mirrors the looseness of the concept itself. Furthermore, adding an ontological
point of view to formlessness gives it more weight.
This thesis follows the concrete approaches to materiality of, among others,
Harman, Latour, Bennett, Focillon and Kress and van Leeuwen. As is often the case, the
way forward is a return to the past, and as such, concrete readings are in my interpretation
evidence of an emerging style of post-postmodern practice. The subjective truths of
postmodernity are seemingly becoming side-lined in favour of truth anchored in reality,
yet still shaped by individual and communal experience. Materialist feminisms have
proved to be a frontrunner in this critical practice (Alaimo and Hekman). On the other
11

Matilda Söderbacka
hand, Petter Skult argues that the world with its multiplicity is only now becoming truly
postmodern (56), although he does see signs of a cultural shift to an axiological discussion
of values (98-100, 186). During the course of writing this thesis, encountering Graham
Harman’s object-oriented “guerrilla metaphysics” (2002, p. 11) has shaped much of my
thinking in its attempt to make objects central in philosophy again after centuries of
neglect.
By outlining the history of criticism, Kress and van Leeuwen predict that the next
logical step is a trend to “deconstruct current practices of production by showing that
‘underneath’ production there is an already-existing, already-produced ‘programme’, a
system which defines the limits of production” (219). In visual media, as computergenerated imagery becomes the norm, representation needs to be deconstructed in a new
way: a manner much more concerned with materiality and the means of production. This
preoccupation with materiality is not limited to academic criticism either:

Interest in the materiality of representation and representational practices reflects
wider social and cultural concerns with questions of substance and materiality in
a world in which the concrete becomes abstract, the material immaterial, the
substance insubstantial and reality ‘virtual’. (Kress and van Leeuwen 223)

In the current times of abstraction, of the reliability crisis of facts and images, of the
apparent backtracking of democratic values and literal virtual reality becoming an
entertainment option, perhaps anchoring existence in concrete reality and, by extension
form in matter, is an attempt to make sense of the world. Questions of matter and form,
abstraction and absence is thus a highly relevant topic for a thesis in 2020.

12

Matilda Söderbacka
2.3 Form as a concept
In order to understand formlessness, we must first look at form since formlessness
signifies the lack, absence and negative space of form. Form is a very difficult concept to
pin down, since it has endless variations and since its study has followed Western
philosophy from its beginning over two millennia ago, through the first natural
philosophers, Plato, Aristotle and the Epicureans onward. As a critical term, form
continues to resurface in different contexts and to return to fashion, currently in
connection to studies of materiality. In the following sections, I offer a brief overview of
the main philosophies and aesthetics of form, before delving deeper into the vital
materiality that is relevant for this particular thesis.
Form is a word that is widely used in the English language, as an abstract noun
and as a grammatical tool, e.g. by using “in the form of” to transform one thing into
another (Leighton 3). As Angela Leighton points out, the word itself is very familiar and
used not only in different critical fields, but in everyday language as well, yet it remains
abstract and unspecific. One reason for this is its many meanings. Form can signify a
variety of things, including: “shape, design, outline, frame, ideal, figure, image, style,
genre, order, etiquette, body, beauty, mould, lair, print-type, format, desk, grade, class”
(Leighton 2). Form also serves as a stem to which prefixes and suffixes are added to alter
meaning, e.g. in-form, de-form, re-form, trans-form, form-al, etc. (Leighton 2).
Form is exclusively talked about in relation to something else, e.g. matter and
content, or its absence. Arguably, form cannot exist on its own as it is always the form of
something, although there are traditions within aesthetics that claim form can be
disembodied from its content. Leighton (2) connects this line of thinking to long-lingering
remnants of a Cartesian soul-body dualism disembodying form until it might be seen as
nothing on its own. This matter is further complicated by the fact that form by itself can
13

Matilda Söderbacka
be interpreted as shape, body or matter. Form simultaneously functions as a “container
and a deflector” (Leighton 16), keeping one thing in and another out. All of this suggests
an aversion to rigidness which Leighton describes as mischievous on form’s behalf:

Although it looks like a fixed shape, a permanent configuration or ideal, whether
in eternity, in the mind, or on the page, in fact form is mobile, versatile. It remains
open to distant senses, distortions, to the push-and-pull of opposites or cognates.
While most abstract nouns lend themselves to philosophical whittling, to
definitions which reduce their sense for clarity and use, form makes mischief and
keeps its signification moveable. (Leighton 3)

This description assigns agency and personality to form, allowing for an imaginative
reading of it being not a static concept, but a vibrant and independent one. The notions of
agency and vitality will be further explored in the following sections, which focus on the
relationship between form and matter. Leighton also acknowledges the importance of
different senses when trying to understand form, and that these senses may cause
conflicting echoes and references. Related to this is the neurological circumstance of
synaesthesia, which allows for one sense-impression to create a mental image of another
sensory reaction happening simultaneously (“synaesthesia”). People with synaesthesia
might for instance experience a visualisation of colour when hearing a certain sound,
which raises further questions about the multi-dimensionality of form and different ways
of perceiving it.
David Pole offers a simple, observational explanation of form in saying that
everything must have form in some sense: “as outline or structure, a system of boundaries
or relations: opposed to content, what they bound or relate” (82). This is both a colloquial
14

Matilda Söderbacka
and an academically accepted view of a concept that is infinitely variable and practically
indescribable. It is useful to break down this quote with a brief definition of terms that
are talked about in relation to form. In Pole’s definition, matter is “what anything is made
of” (81) e.g. wood, plastic, plant fibres, clay etc. I, however, use matter as an umbrella
term to refer to any kind of substance, and material to emphasize a specific type of
substance. Sections 2.4 and 2.5 explore the ontological properties of matter and how it
relates to form. Content, on the other hand, is what is contained within the form.
Paradoxically, Pole adds that content can also be “something expressed, something made
accessible; not something encompassed or enclosed” (82). This is the type of content
which is produced, usually by creators for audiences.
Furthermore, form is not the same as structure, although all structures have form.
Structure is the regular or irregular outline of form that marks out distinct but related parts
(Pole 82). Structure is thus “constituted by a system of relations” (Pole 82), whereas
content is constituted by what it relates. Pole (82-83) writes about relative formlessness
for practical reasons. In a non-aesthetic sense, form can be without “specifiable features,
visibly definite and regular” (Pole 83). According to the definitions above, this type of
formlessness is form without structure. We might consider a wine stain as formless since
it is not part of a structure we associate with wine nor a perfect circle, although the stain
itself has some form or another, however uneven it may be.

2.3.1 Philosophical outline of form
Philosophical questions of form have traditionally been split into a dichotomy of either
distinguishing between matter and form, or of not making such a distinction. This section
situates the thesis within a larger philosophical tradition by offering a much-simplified
outline of this main divide in Western philosophy. A more comprehensive account is
15

Matilda Söderbacka
offered by Anthony Kenny (2010). Form has been an implicit subject of study in Western
philosophy since its origins, which is evident in Kenny’s historical outline of Western
philosophical traditions. This thesis follows what Kenny and Bennett would understand
as an Aristotelean-Epicurean-Spinozan line of thought, in that it sees matter and form as
intrinsically entwined. This idea will be further explored through the vital materiality of
Jane Bennett and Graham Harman’s interpretation of Bruno Latour, both later presented
in detail. The materialism pursued in this thesis follows Bennett’s example by being less
preoccupied with the historical materialism of Hegel, Marx and Adorno that exposes
social hegemonies, and more invested in a “thingly power, [i.e.] the material agency of
natural bodies and technological artifacts” (Bennett xiii).
The most famous proponent of a separation between mind and matter, body and
soul, and mental and material substance is René Descartes, whose Cartesian dualism
continues to have a long-lasting legacy (Kenny 531). I disagree with Descartes and his
followers; I believe form and matter should not and cannot be separated, which this thesis
attempts to demonstrate. Another highly influential philosopher, Immanuel Kant
differentiates between what is human and nonhuman; between the organic and inorganic,
offering a mechanistic and passive view on organisms which are driven by the concept of
Bildungstrieb (Bennett 68). Kant’s Bildungstrieb is a non-material force that “impels an
undifferentiated, crude mass of matter to become an organized articulation of cooperating
parts” (Bennett 66). Bildungstrieb is not the soul of the object ‒ as it cannot exist outside
of the body of the object ‒ but rather an impersonal drive (Bennett 68-69).This can be
likened to Aristotle’s teleology, which posits that everything has a natural will or
inclination to fulfil its purpose, as they move “towards their natural place, the place where
it was best for them to be” (Kenny 889). This means that in a teleological view objects
have no freedom of choice and no agency. Similarly, for Kant, human beings are the only
16

Matilda Söderbacka
agents with free will, as they are at the top of the hierarchy of all living things (Bennett
68). To contrast, I follow the arguments of Bennett and Latour that posit that there is no
such explicit hierarchy between organic and inorganic material; between human and nonhuman subjects. According to Latour, all matter exists on an equal ontological footing
(Harman 2009, p. 43).

2.3.2. Leighton’s aesthetic outline of form
At certain points throughout history, questions of form have gained extra critical
momentum. This section briefly surveys Angela Leighton’s outline of the progression of
form through and beyond the philosophical branch of aesthetics. Aesthetics as a field of
study was popularised from the mid-eighteenth century onwards through Kant’s ideas of
subjective perception (Leighton 4). For Kant, there are two planes of existence: the world
of appearances and the external world. The first of these is intimately connected to the
human body and mind, as everything we know is shaped by our perception of reality
through our senses and circumstance. Kant argues that there is no way of truly knowing
the external world, i.e. how things exist a priori, without the inevitable filters of
perception and interpretation, since that knowledge is simply beyond our capacity to
acquire with the narrow apparatus that is the human mind (West 2015a, 00:18:0600:19:11; 2015b 00:08:12-57, 00:14:34-00:17:33). Kant uses form as a way of expressing
and evaluating the conceptual abstractions of truth, judgement and taste (Leighton 4).
Form thus becomes a “pure” entity, something that can withhold beauty, which Kant
distinguishes from the lesser concepts of charm and emotion (Leighton 4). For Kant,
beauty and form “belong [...] to a pure kind of perception, against more ornamental, or
emotional ones” (Leighton 4), which has ramifications that last well over a century,

17

Matilda Söderbacka
creating a dualism between “pure”, i.e. logically deductive, and empirical thinking,
following the Cartesian tradition of separating form from matter.
As a response to Kant, Friedrich Schiller pushes the notion of form to be regarded
as more plastic and less abstract: “it is shifting, purposeful, tied to an organicist metaphor
which makes it, grammatically and literally, moveable” (Leighton 6). This vibrant and
dynamic view of form is favoured by Leighton, Bennett and myself. From this already
complicated German philosophical tradition, form comes into use with the English
Romantics, most prominently by Samuel Coleridge, who embraces the agency of form
itself (Leighton 6-7). For Coleridge, it is language, rather than philosophy, that brings
form to life and life to form (Leighton 7). The relationship between form and substance
has now become one of greed and risk; since form is hollow and ghostly and craves
substance, there is a dramatic disjunction between form and matter (Leighton 8). Form
thus maintains qualities of both emptiness and substance by being a “tangible object with
a determined shape, [and suggesting] an outline, a shadow, a way of appearing” (Leighton
147). Furthermore, forms simultaneously exist inside and outside an object; at the same
time contained and free (Leighton 16).
Victorian aesthetic notions of form are seductive and rich, especially in terms of
criticism, which Oscar Wilde presents as a “weapon against intentionalism” (Leighton
11) in his essay “The Critic as Artist”. Intentionalism posits that a thought cannot exist
without an object; the thought has to concern something (Crane 1). When applied to art,
intentionality similarly claims that the artwork must be about something. According to
Wilde, this dulls the beauty and mystique of art and “degrades the invisible arts into the
obvious arts” (Greenblatt et al. 1730). Instead, Wilde argues that it is the failure of art
forms to fully realise the artist’s ideal or presentation of reality that creates beauty

18

Matilda Söderbacka
(Greenblatt et al. 1731). This is what anchors art to aesthetics rather than logic. For Wilde,
form is dynamic, which leads to criticism being an art in itself.
Ideas of form further shift in the move from aestheticism to modernism,
emphasising an association with visual arts rather than poetry. Visual arts were previously
considered to be the most limited expression of form, but modernists such as Ezra Pound
renew the notion of form to be particularly applicable to cubism and post-impressionism,
which “turns it into the messenger of newness” (Leighton 14). Art for the modernists is
not representative and form is neither symbolic nor tactile; it is “purely itself” (Leighton
17). Starting in the 1920s, there has been a functionalist trend in modernism to “let
materials speak for themselves” (Kress and van Leeuwen 223). This trend was influenced
by the rising interest in the notion of authenticity and by a critique of the distortive
representations of decorative art. This functionalism is still prevalent, e.g. in
Scandinavian minimalism. In contrast, around the same time, the art historian Henri
Focillon rejects the abstract purity of form and writes on its complex relationship to art
and substance, which is further explored in chapter 2.6. Following Focillon, Susanne K.
Langer releases Feeling and Form in 1953, which builds on ideas of form from the
previous century which connect it to expressions of emotion. By the mid-twentieth
century, “form has once again become an activity” (Leighton 18). Leighton’s historical
outline of the different definitions of form suggests the persistent importance of the term
and its close relationship to the arts:

It is volatile, evasive yet resilient, surviving the fashions which bring it to
prominence and constantly recovering forgotten meanings. If, at times, it also
seems trivial, self-involved, not an easy word to justify politically, it is,
nonetheless, one which will not go away. It has survived its connection with
19

Matilda Söderbacka
aestheticism, modernism, and beyond, and continues, if sporadically, to be a word
that probes the discomfiting distances of art, its aloofness, obliqueness,
inwardness. (Leighton 19)

The vital materiality employed in this thesis, and this thesis itself, proves that questions
of form are still highly relevant and are constantly being re-examined.

2.3.3 A two-fold approach to formlessness
It is useful to make a distinction of what formlessness refers to in this academic context.
This thesis adopts a view on matter being inseparable from form in practice, as the two
interact on a microscopic level (cf. Focillon; Bennett; Harman 2009). If one agrees with
this view, it becomes very difficult to distinguish between form and matter and to speak
about form in isolation. Therefore it is crucial for this thesis that form be viewed in
relation to matter at all times. Since the two are necessarily entwined, writing about
formlessness, includes writing about the matter within the form (or within the casing, if
you will). In regards to the case study at hand, the matter within the form is the matter of
nature, or the very building blocks of life and existence itself, which is why Harman’s
presentation of Latour’s ontological perspective proves itself useful.
Since formlessness is an absolute, does it equal anti-form? By extension, if form
and matter are inseparable, does the matter within the anti-form become anti-matter?
Antimatter is, of course, already an established concept. It is an observable substance
within the field of physics that, simplified, is a negative blueprint of the structure of an
atom, which collides with and annihilates matter in a burst of energy upon contact
(Sutton). Anti-form would suggest something defying any type of observable structure; a
resistance to any kind of sense-bound form and could thus also be referred to as anti20

Matilda Söderbacka
structure. Contrast this to the discussion in section 2.3 on Pole’s (82) two-fold notion of
form as withholding content and form as structure. On a practical level, form as structure,
or in this case anti-structure, is much easier to observe as its relations are discernible from
a distance, and any transgressions are thus noticeable. A third concept which closely
relates to formlessness is nothingness. Considering that this thesis does away with the
Cartesian separation of matter and form, perhaps nothingness is the most appropriate term
to use for the absence of a form, since any such absence includes the absence of matter.
In addition to being a popular topic in philosophical existentialism, there is also a tradition
of studying nothingness in literature (Sartre; Neary; Tsur; Mehtonen). However, I stick
with formlessness, to emphasize the anti-structural elements.
Connected to the idea of intangibility and invisibility is the view of form as a
ghost, i.e. a memory of a lost meaning or life. To assess form is thus to exercise a “physics
of the imagination” (Leighton 148). A way to make form concrete is to follow Pole’s
argument that formlessness is relative; it can also refer to an observable but irregular,
unspecified substance within a space, such as an abstract pattern of watercolours or “bogs,
fogs and the writings of Heidegger” (Pole 82). Breaking patterns and defying structures
is thus effectively a way to create formlessness. If, on one hand, formlessness is anti-form
as it pertains to content, in other words a synonym for nothingness, it can arguably only
be studied in abstract philosophical experiments. If, on the other hand, formlessness refers
to the absence of a set or rigid structure, it can be viewed in relation to those absent
structures. This is the double-folded view of formlessness presented in this thesis, with
focus on the latter. Since my source material is a poem, it exists on a curious boundary
between the imaginative and the material. If only analysed in terms of its content, the
analysis shows that Wilner successfully portrays formlessness, but when taking into

21

Matilda Söderbacka
account the materiality of the poem as it exists in the world, its formlessness can only be
representational, not concrete or absolute.
Thus, when language comes into play, whether it be visual or literary, it is
arguably only the second interpretation of formlessness that is relevant, since language
has a form in itself (Kaakinen 125). The underlying paradox is that there is no way of
presenting formlessness without giving it form. This thesis is comprised of language, and
has a set academic form, making it impossible to discuss formlessness without giving it
form. To the extent that I can, I will attempt a concrete reading following the examples
of Harman, Bennett and Focillon. Put briefly, the idea of formlessness as anti-form is
necessary for interpreting the theme (what), while formlessness as anti-structure is
relevant for analysing the presentation of the work (how).

2.4 A theory of objects and actants
Bruno Latour’s theory of actants presupposes a level of activeness and agency in and of
all objects. Latour’s work has mainly been cited in sociology and linguistics, but Graham
Harman (2009) argues that Latour’s experimental approach to metaphysics should be
taken seriously as an object-oriented philosophy that could rewrite the very fabric of
science and philosophy. This section explores Harman’s take on Latour as a metaphysical
philosopher. Throughout history, there have been many names for a philosophy of
substance (Harman 2015, 00:03:59-00:04:02). Harman uses the term object, whereas
Latour favours actor or actant. I have chosen to use Latour’s actant throughout this thesis,
unless I specifically refer to Harman’s ideas, as this term is also adopted by Bennett.
The biggest problem this thesis faces is that there is arguably no way of perceiving
the imperceptible; no way of overcoming a human sense of space and time. Since Kant’s
theory of subjective perception, philosophy has been largely preoccupied with the human
22

Matilda Söderbacka
access to the world, rather than the world as it exists without human interference or
mediation. Harman seeks to bring back a speculative discussion of realism to philosophy
and see past the human-centred perspective of phenomenology with his object-oriented
ontology (Harman 2015, 00:01:56-00:02:22). He does this by radically expanding on
Martin Heidegger’s theory of Zuhandenheit, readiness-to-hand, or “tool-being” as
Harman calls it, to include all entities rather than only the useful technical devices that
are usually interpreted as Heidegger’s tools (Harman 2002, p. 4). Emphasizing the equal
ontological importance of all beings, useful or not, and expanding their relations to exist
beyond human mediation, i.e. positing that objects interact with and relate to each other
without human interference in the event and without exhausting each other in the process,
de-emphasizes the significance of Heidegger’s Dasein, which distinguishes human
existence as different to that of objects and places humans on top of the hierarchy of
objects (Harman 2002, pp. 1-2).
Similarly, Latour is preoccupied with the materiality of things. An actant is any
existing entity, ranging from atom particles to thunder, discarded toys, humans,
neighbourhoods, galaxies, lawnmowers and numerals. These entities are, for Latour,
equally real and equally important, ontologically speaking (Harman 2009, pp. 14, 43).
However, they are not equally strong. Capitalism has stronger alliances than the fictional
character Popeye, meaning it has better bearings to “adjust or inflict its forces” (Harman
2009, p. 15). Put simply, an actant is only as strong as its effect on other entities. This
explanation technically justifies the inequality of power, which is in itself entirely
constructed. I would here like to add that my own perception of power dynamics is greatly
influenced by my background in Marxist cultural studies, particularly from an
intersectional feminist approach, and so I fear that Latour’s argument can be construed

23

Matilda Söderbacka
and misused by those who benefit from ignoring power structures and their historical
origins.
Latour’s alliances are mediated by translations, which link actants together in
complicated patterns through a laborious process. This theory is similar to Deleuze and
Guattari’s notion of assemblage, which are non-hierarchical ad hoc groupings of all kinds
of vibrant materials (Bennett 23). In Latour’s terms, each thing is an actant and everything
is a mediator (Harman 2009, p. 18). Latour stresses that even the smallest actant can
modify the course of history through negotiations with its alliances, e.g. a nut can bring
down an empire if the Emperor should choke on it. On a smaller scale, a wrench can
destroy a waste disposal unit should it get stuck in the shaft and a squirrel can cause an
electrical power outage to more or less devastating effect. Following this “butterfly
effect” line of thinking, it is easy to assume Latour to be a holist, but this assumption
would be false as he does not believe that everything is interconnected and that one thing
affects everything else (Harman 2009, p. 47). An actant relies on the translation of its
related alliances; it cannot “skip” distances into “a different set of relations” and remain
the same entity (Harman 2009, p. 104).
Harman’s in-depth presentation of Latour’s metaphysics is persuasive in its
comparison between the now nonsensical beliefs of the pre-Enlightenment era having
separate physics for the earth and the sky, and the current separation of reality into “hard
scientific fact and [---] arbitrary social power” (2009, p. 22). Latour bridges this gap with
the theory of actants. For him, there is no fundamental ontological divide between nature
and society (Harman 2009, p. 43). Latour stands curiously alone as a non-modernist since
he rejects the attempt of modernity to “purify” the world by distinguishing between
human interpretation and a “natural” or external sphere, perhaps best exemplified in the
nature vs. nurture debate (Harman 2009, pp. 57-58). Latour argues that the “dualism of
24

Matilda Söderbacka
nature and culture is groundless [...] there were never two opposed zones in the first place.
Instead, there is nothing but a cosmic hailstorm of individual actants, none of them
inherently natural or cultural” (Harman 2009, p. 58). Latour is not anti-modern, as this
group accepts the claim that modernism has changed everything that came before it, only
to regard it with pessimism rather than optimism. Neither is he a post-modern thinker
since that would mean rejecting the reality and concreteness of actants in favour of
relativity, subjective interpretation, collage and simulacrum. Instead, Latour’s philosophy
contends that the radical break in reality brought on by modernity is an illusion; that “we
ourselves, just like Neanderthals, sparrows, mushrooms, and dirt, have never done
anything else than act amidst the bustle of other actants, compressing and resisting them,
or giving way beneath their blows” (Harman 2009, p. 58).
A superficial parallel between Latour’s denial of human superiority and deep
ecology (also known as radical naturalism) can here be drawn. Garrard explains deep
ecology as being in radical opposition to Western tradition by shifting “from a humancentred to a nature-centred system of values” (21). However, the corollary remains
superficial since naturalism keeps the age-old dichotomy human/nature and simply
inverts its power balance, whereas Harman (2009, p. 14) establishes that Latour sees all
actants as ontological equals. Latour argues against the dualism of inner substance and
trivial exterior of the philosophy of essentialism. Essentialism is a general philosophical
doctrine that believes objects to have at least some degree of essential properties which
can be separated from their external, accidental properties (Robertson and Atkins). An
Aristotelian philosophy of substance contrasts substance with its removable and
malleable qualities, accidents and relations. Removing or changing the qualities or
relations over time does not change the “essence” of the thing, e.g. changing a shirt does
not change the person underneath the shirt, neither does getting a spray-tan. Harman adds
25

Matilda Söderbacka
another criterion for substance to be considered an object. In addition to the object having
to be independent of its qualities and relations, it must be a unit; a single thing (Harman
2015, 00:03:06-50). If we apply these requirements to formlessness, it does not qualify
as an object. Formlessness may be a unit, but any changes to its qualities inevitably
changes its resisting nature of not having any qualities. This suggests that formlessness
exists only in the imagination, unless Pole’s aforementioned attempt to make
formlessness concrete through its relations is put into practice. Formlessness does exist,
but in a negative space; in relation to what it isn’t. Further following Latour’s logic, I
consider formlessness to be an actant since it – elusive as it is – has alliances and is able
to negotiate with its relations. The analysis shows that Wilner’s imagined formlessness is
capable of acting and inflicting force upon its surroundings.
Mainstream philosophy largely concerns itself with the question of objects’
existence outside of the human mind, but for Latour “[objects] are ‘socially’ constructed
not just by human minds, but also by bodies, atoms, cosmic rays, business lunches,
rumors, physical force, propaganda, or God.” (Harman 2009, p. 16). Latour is thus not a
traditional realist, as he places physical mass on level with puppet shows and courtroom
procedures, neither is he a social constructivist as he embraces the influence of inanimate
substances on actants rather than solely focusing on the human sphere (Harman 2009, pp.
43-44). Therefore, for the purpose of this thesis, formlessness is not only imagined
through the affordances of the human mind but also through the medium of portrayal, the
multiplicity of writing environments over time, the technology that allows access to the
material, my supervisor’s comments, the reader and hundreds of other actants coming
together for me to analyse whether formlessness can be perceived or not.
Latour rejects the notion of substance in favour of the performance of actants. The
academic use of the term performance has a fairly complicated history. The term has also
26

Matilda Söderbacka
crossed into popular discourse, e.g. in discussions of gender roles á la Judith Butler.
Performance has become a kind of buzz word which is widely and shallowly used across
academia (Ahmed 2004b, 51), which is why I henceforth refer to acting instead. The main
task of an actant is to act, as the name implies. They have agency and do not only stumble
into reactive relations occasionally and randomly (Harman 2009, p. 36). Contrary to Sara
Ahmed’s (2004a, p. 6) view of emotions being created at the surface of bodies, for Latour,
agency does not happen on the surface, as the entirety of the actant is deployed in every
event. Instead, they are “the sum total of reality rather than an incidental surface-effect of
the movement of dormant substrata. In this respect, there is only one world for Latour; all
actants are here and nowhere else” (Harman 2009, p. 47).
According to Latour, there are instances where a network of actants are so wellestablished that their origins are no longer questioned and they are regarded as a
functioning unit. Latour calls these entities black boxes, which is not a term he invented
but one he helped move into the discourse of philosophy (Harman, 2009, p. 33). The most
familiar use of the term black box is the literal black box used to track movement and
technical decisions made in aeroplanes. A fitting metaphor for a black box is a well-oiled
machine; it consists of many parts, but we define it according to its whole purpose as long
as it functions smoothly: “Ideally, a machine should be so well designed that there is
almost no chance of its parts rebelling against the streamlined whole: a box put together
so effectively it seems unthinkable to change it.” (Latour qtd. in Harman 2009, p. 49).
Black boxes are made up of networks of separate actants but they are treated as one:

Actants are born amidst strife and controversy, yet they eventually congeal into a
stable configuration. But simply reawaken the controversy, reopen the black box,

27

Matilda Söderbacka
and you will see once more that the actant has no sleek unified essence. (Harman
2009, p. 34)

Only once a network of actants have been well-established is it considered a black box.
A black box is truly established once it is presented as fact without reference to its origin
or originator. Today, no one but the occasional outlier questions the double helix structure
of a DNA strand (Harman 2009, p. 36) and an example in Latour’s own words is the
question, “‘who refers to Lavoisier’s paper when writing the formula H₂O for water?’”
(qtd. in Harman 2009, p. 37). Unlike traditional substance and Harman’s objects, black
boxes do not endure throughout time, but are created in and are very much dependent on
their context. They have some semblance of endurance, but this can easily be
deconstructed by the discovery of new information or a change in the relations of the
actants within the black box. The black box exists only as an absolute ‒ once it is
loosened, it ceases to function as one. Black boxes are a crucial component to having
fruitful conversations where one can make references without it leading down constant
paths of scrutiny and explanation. The strength of a black box resides in its relation to
other established black boxes.
Latour vividly demonstrates this in his example of a scientist re-enacting his
experiment to convince a critical cynic he calls “The Dissenter” (Harman 2009, pp. 3943). The scientist has powerful black boxes on his side: his experiment renders the same
result when tried several times, his instruments are up to par, and he has the scientific
community, including Newtonian laws, backing him. The Dissenter is ridiculed and
isolated from his peers after his insistence to continue expressing his critical doubt. The
Dissenter’s attempt to dismantle the black box, that is the scientist’s findings, has had
severe consequences in his life. Harman (2009, p. 44) goes on to imagine a scenario where
28

Matilda Söderbacka
The Dissenter isn’t discouraged by the resistance he meets, but works to prove his point
and, in the process, makes a scientific breakthrough that rewrites Newton’s law of optics.
The point of this example is not to encourage playing the devil’s advocate, but rather that
“anything can be challenged” (Harman 2009, p. 44).
Harman observes that it is a central human activity to create black boxes, e.g.
forming friendships, writing a manuscript or sustaining a marriage. It is a human ambition
“to establish something durable that does not constantly fray or break down” (Harman
2009, p. 37). On a smaller scale, actants function similarly to black boxes: a pebble on a
beach is one actant, but once we consider where it comes from, it becomes part of the
larger process of sedimentation (Harman 2009, p. 36). Neither black boxes nor actants
fulfil Harman’s criteria for objects. This is the main difference between Latour and
Harman. Latour foregoes the solid object in favour of networks, whereas Harman insists
on the integrity of the object as such (Harman 2015 00:03:42-50).
While Latour uses the metaphor of the machine to explain his black boxes,
Bennett’s use of Driesch’s concept of entelechy leaves space for an unknowable
component within that machine. In the following chapter, the concept of entelechy will
be further explored, but simply put, it is an “invisible presence” (Bennett 70) born in the
gaps and negative spaces of the machine. For Latour, there is no such mystical presence
and black boxes work simply due to the actants’ interdependence. The impersonal drive
of objects and the metaphor of the machine closely resembles Kant’s notion of
Bildungstrieb, as described through Bennett in section 2.3.1. However, Latour and Kant
differ substantially in their treatment of non-human things.
This section has outlined the account Harman gives of Bruno Latour’s actant
theory. Latour, Harman states, argues that every existing entity is an actant, meaning
everything has agency and equal ontological value, and entities differ only in the strength
29

Matilda Söderbacka
of their alliances. This does not mean that every single thing is connected, but rather that
things are spread out like a system of roots. Some alliances are so well-established that
they are effectively viewed as one entity, a black box. These boxes can, however, be
cracked open to reveal a network of interacting agents. Latour does not believe in any
unknown, mysterious, ensouled presence or essence within objects, but rather that
everything that occurs does so because of an actant acting.

2.5 Bennett’s vital materiality
As previously established, my understanding of form as it is presented in this thesis is
built on the vital materiality of Henri Focillon, Bruno Latour as presented by Graham
Harman and Jane Bennett. Bennett (vii) explains vital materiality to exist in the space
created by the estrangement of rethinking the words “life” and “matter” until they are no
longer two distinct categories. I apply it as an umbrella term for referring to scholars who
agree that matter possesses vitality. The view on matter and form as inseparable has a
long but non-dominant philosophical history in the West. Prominent thinkers who have
embraced the idea of vibrant matter include Baruch Spinoza, Friedrich Nietzsche, Charles
Darwin, Henry David Thoreau, Theodor Adorno and Gilles Deleuze (Bennett viii).
Bennett has been dubbed “one of the foremost proponents of the New
Materialism” (Donovan 34), and her work on vibrant matter strives for a political shift in
how we view the material world. For Bennett, material that is disregarded as waste or
trash is in fact made up of complex biodynamics that render it a living thing. She rejects
the idea of matter being passive and inconsequential. The world should not, according to
Bennett, be divided into “things” and “beings” (vii), but rather be seen as an inclusive,
animate environment. This would affect consumer behaviour, political decisions, and first
and foremost, environmental policy. Setting aside the political aspect of Bennett’s theory,
30

Matilda Söderbacka
her two other main goals will be relevant for this thesis. These include presenting vibrant
matter as sources of “agency, action, and freedom”, and dispersing binaries of
“life/matter, human/animal, will/determination, and organic/inorganic” (Bennett x). Vital
materiality is thus arguably a non-modern philosophy in the vein proposed by Latour.
Bennett’s vital materialism runs parallel to historical materialism, which focuses on the
“economic and social structures of human power” (Bennett 62). While Marx and Engels
argue that it is the conditions of production and human bodies and choices that move
history forward, Bennett is much more engaged in the active power of dirt and grime,
concerning herself with how all kinds of vibrant matter affect our surroundings.
Bennett is largely influenced by the work of critical vitalists Hans Driesch and
Henri Bergson. Vitalism is a philosophical tradition that affirms the self-organizing or
self-causational movement of living entities as a central life force of sorts. This force is
found only in organic beings, whereas the movement of mechanic processes are externally
caused (Lash 323- 324). To contrast, Latour’s actant theory is not a vitalist theory, as he
does not distinguish between living and non-living entities and his actants have no
unknowable life force as such; their agency exists solely within their networks. Bennett,
however, can be interpreted as a critical vitalist who is influenced by Latour. She is critical
since she rejects the dichotomy present in traditional vitalism and seeks to highlight the
agency of non-living entities by exposing their self-compositional and self-animating
properties.
Another major influence for Bennett is the philosophy of Baruch Spinoza: she
believes all material is made of the same essential substance and refers to the idea of
“conative bodies” (Bennett x) which cooperate with other material bodies to enhance their
own activity. While Bennett’s Spinozan influence is in contrast to Latour’s rejection of
an essentialist quality of objects, Bennett makes use of Latour’s theory of the actant,
31

Matilda Söderbacka
which is explained in section 2.4. Non-human matter presented as an active agent is a
crucial element in my analysis. It is, however, important to note that Bennett’s view on
the agency and substance of matter is not influenced by spirituality or an ensouled life
force inhabiting the matter, but is constituted of the matter itself, following Latour’s actant
theory (Bennett xvii) To highlight this, Bennett (69-76) contrasts vital materiality with
Driesch’s theory of entelechy.
Entelechy refers to a “figure of impersonal agency” (Bennett 75) within living
organisms, which in Driesch’s view separates them from machines. This is closely related
to Kant’s concept of Bildungstrieb, briefly explained through Bennett in section 2.3.1.
Entelechy is neither quantifiable energy nor measurable substance, but something
existing in the negative space between these two; animating matter, giving it agency and
existing solely in relation to energy and substance (Bennett 70-71). Driesch refers to the
innovative and repairing action of organisms, e.g. recreating severed body parts, as an
example of entelechy. Although as elusive as formlessness, entelechy is a useful concept
for discussing vital materialism. This is neither the “soul vitalism” of Christian theology
nor Kant’s human exceptionalism, although Kant and Driesch agree that there is a
transcendental quality to this vital presence that remains invisible and intelligible while
performing tasks within the organism “which no mechanical matter could even possibly
perform by itself” (Bennett 70). Traditional vitalists favour an anthropocentric and
hierarchical construction of the world where Man is ranked at the top as the most animated
and powerful being, and where organic matter outranks inorganic matter due to being
ensouled. In comparison, Driesch’s entelechy and Bennett’s vital materiality are both
examples of a critical vitalism that de-emphasizes human authority over the impersonal
agency of objects or matter. Since a core belief of any kind of vitalism is that “life is
irreducible to matter” (Bennett 87), Latour does not seem to fit into this category. He
32

Matilda Söderbacka
stands separated from most mainstream philosophical movements in a unique in-between
space. However, all three of these thinkers ‒ Driesch, Bennett and Latour ‒ share a
fondness for direct and concrete engagement with their materials of study.
Building on Aristotle’s use of the term, Driesch considers entelechy to be a “selfmoving and self-altering power” (Bennett 71), but rejects Aristotle’s teleological ideas
connected to entelechy, to instead emphasize the agency of objects. Aristotelian teleology
(from the Greek word for end, telos) describes the natural will of the object to obtain its
end goal. Bennett describes Driesch’s differing take as follows:

entelechy does not vary from person to person; it is not a unique soul, but neither
does it vary across organisms. It is, rather, the immanent vitality flowing across
all living bodies. This makes entelechy more resistant than soul to the strongest
or most punitive notions of personal moral responsibility. [...] The agentic
capacity of entelechy is not a disembodied soul, for it is constrained by the
materiality that it must inhabit and by the performed possibilities contained
therein. (Bennett 75)

This is what, according to Bennett, is embedded in all living organisms, regardless of
matter or form. Bennett rejects the idea of “passive, mechanistic, or divinely infused
substances” (xiii) in favour of the elemental interactions and vitality of matter as it exists
and reacts in the physical world and within the physical limitations of the organism.
However, for Bennett more so than for Driesch, this type of agency is applied to matter
which is traditionally seen as non-organic, e.g. electricity, which would be an example of
a mechanical process without entelechy according to Driesch. In Driesch’s view,
entelechy has to be regarded as a nonmaterial force. His view on materiality is that matter
33

Matilda Söderbacka
is either infused with life through entelechy or stays a lifeless and a deterministic machine
without it. This is where Bennett makes a clear distinction between her vital materiality
and Driesch’s entelechy. Bennett rejects Driesch’s view on materiality as being passive
and dull and requiring an external force to breathe life into it. Instead, Bennett adopts a
point of view which argues that the actants themselves possess agency without any
external or unknowable factors. She argues that inorganic bodies also have life and that
materiality itself is vital.
This section has presented the vital materialism of Jane Bennett, who deconstructs
the traditional dichotomies of human/non-human and organic/inorganic to argue that all
matter has agency and is vibrant. A distinction between traditional and critical vitalism
has been drawn. I have also discussed the concept of entelechy, which presumes there to
be an unknowable quality or life force within all objects. If adopting a mechanical model
of nature, entelechy exists in the gaps and in-between spaces of the machinery, facilitating
its function and agency. Driesch’s theory is close to Bennett in viewing entelechy as an
impersonal agency rather than the personal agency of a soul. The soul is a prominent
belief in many religions and philosophical and mythological traditions, e.g. Christian
theology and human exceptionalism. There are also traces of this often anthropocentric
belief in traditional vitalism. Driesch’s lack of enthusiasm for vibrant matter is contrasted
with Bennett’s view of objects as actants that possess agency and of matter as a force to
be reckoned with in a concrete world.

2.6 Focillon and forms of art
To better understand the relationship between form and art, I turn to the prominent art
historian and influential twentieth-century thinker Henri Focillon. His book The Life of
Forms in Art, originally published in 1934, reads as an ardent love letter to art, the mind
34

Matilda Söderbacka
of the artist and to form itself. Focillon is mainly concerned with traditional visual and
tactile forms of art such as painting, illustration, sculpture and architecture. His ideas on
form can nonetheless be applied to poetry. Being an art historian, Focillon speaks very
passionately about art creating the human experience of the world rather than merely
representing it. He further contends that art supersedes any interpretation, as art is
“something added to our universe ‒ an entirely new universe, with its own laws, materials
and development” (Focillon 32). Examples of this are pieces of architecture, woodwork,
needlework, sculpture or performance art that have influenced the cultural and political
environment of their time and beyond, e.g. the Moai of Easter Island, Angkor Wat, the
Bayeux Tapestry and Miles Davis’ Kind of Blue.
Focillon, like Latour and Bennett, regards form and matter as inseparable from
each other and from their surroundings. Art is inextricably tied to weight, density, colour
and light and these structures anchor art in form. Whenever art tries to renounce matter
and represent a “pure” form it only accentuates the impossibility of escaping from “this
unequivocal bondage” (Focillon 95). Art and form are thus inevitably conjoined, as are
form and matter. The fascination for the old antitheses of spirit-matter and matter-form is
nothing new (Focillon 95), which is evident in the philosophical outline presented earlier.
Forms also have an intimate relationship to imagination. Before a form is concretised in
matter, it remains “a vista of the mind, a mere speculation on a space” (Focillon 95).
Focillon rejects Platonic ideas of form as “suspended in some remote, abstract zone [...]
They mingle with life, whence they come; they translate into space certain movements of
the mind” (60). Forms are thus manifold “constructions of space and matter” (Focillon
33). A piece of art is intrinsically tied to questions of spatiality as it measures up its own
space and presents itself first and foremost through its form. Focillon thus assigns
artworks their own agency, meaning that in Latour’s terms, a work of art would be its
35

Matilda Söderbacka
own actant. Focillon (41) asserts that a piece of art only appears to be static. Behind the
finished product, there are constant, minute movements and alterations that help make up
the artwork itself, e.g. early sketches and drafts or the hand movements of the sculptor or
etcher.
Focillon views space as something more than an “abstract frame of geometry”
(62) and emphasizes how the life of forms is created, develops and exists in space with
the help of tools and the hands of those who create it. Forms thus exist in a tangible,
concrete and diverse reality (Focillon 62). Focillon makes an important distinction
between the space of life and the space of art:

A work of art is situated in space. But it will not do to say it simply exists in space:
a work of art treats space according to its own needs, defines space and even
creates such space as may be necessary to it. The space of life is a known quantity
to which life readily submits; the space of art is a plastic and changing material.
(65)

Focillon’s focus is on art created by hands, e.g. paintings, carvings, architecture
and sculpture. These forms of art are situated in space in a very concrete sense; they can
be touched, walked up to, moved around; they influence their surroundings. This
resembles Leighton’s view on form as dynamic and plastic, which is explored in section
2.3. The principal form of art this thesis deals with, poetry, is less concrete than, say,
architecture or ceramics, although it also possesses material aspects. Wilner’s poem exists
on the page and wherever it is reprinted; the words evoke mental images and are thus also
part of the realm of the mind. Focillon (67) argues that the spectator through their sight
invests substance into the form and the work of art; it is through reading the poem that it
36

Matilda Söderbacka
affects its surroundings. According to Focillon “anything that may elude the laws of space
is still a legitimate treatment of space [...] Form is not indiscriminately architecture,
sculpture or painting” (65). This suggests that less tangible forms of art are also woven
into spatiality, although architecture, in particular, serves as an excellent example of form
in context:

it seems difficult to conceive of architecture as existing outside of an environment.
In its original forms, this art is closely bound to the earth; it is subject to the needs
of society; it is faithful to a program. It erects its great monuments beneath a
known sky and in a known climate, on a soil that furnishes particular materials
and no others, on a given site, in a city that is more or less wealthy, more or less
populous, more or less abundant in labor. It answers collective needs, even in the
construction of private dwellings. It is geographical and sociological. Brick,
stone, marble and volcanic materials are not merely elements of color: they are
elements of structure. (Focillon 148)

Focillon (111) resembles Latour, Bennett and Driesch in his critical attention to the
context of materiality and in his literal hands-on approach through an identity of touch,
which is preoccupied with the tactility involved in creating art. The last chapter in The
Life of Forms in Art is a praise of hands and the importance they have for the artist, as the
hand “teaches man to conquer space, weight, density and quantity. Because it fashions a
new world, it leaves its imprint everywhere upon it” (Focillon 184). Focillon refutes the
idea of hands as mere tools and acknowledges their agency acquired through habit or
instinct. Hands have played a major role in the development of measurements and
language; they serve as instruments where language fails. The difference between a
37

Matilda Söderbacka
painting and a painted door is found in how the two things are touched and the structure
that touch brings. The structure and imprint of touch shapes the form itself through
changes in value, colour, density, weight and motion. Focillon characteristically equates
the importance of the mind to that of the hand: “The mind rules over the hand; hand rules
over mind” (184). This can be exemplified with everyday tasks that become automated,
e.g. brushing teeth, typing, knitting, etc.
Not only hands can shape art; consider how objects are transformed through
different lighting. Light is in itself a form by way of being comprised of light rays that
are compressed, stretched and bent. Rather than being a passive substance, Focillon
describes light as a living element with agency (i.e. an actant) that collaborates with
architecture, among other things, to give the latter its final form. Light thus “depends on
the substance that receives it” (Focillon 102), meaning it more or less flows, rests,
penetrates or gives its subject a quality, e.g. warmth, dryness or oiliness. In other words,
light brings out the shape and characteristics of its subject.
To further distinguish between different types of spatiality, Focillon (78-79)
differentiates between space as limit and space as environment. He defines space working
as a limit by relying on the structures of forms and confining their expansion, e.g. a palm
pressing against a table or the limits posed by skin as a canvas for tattoos. Forms are, in
this case, contained and limited through space. Space as an environment, on the other
hand, allows for the expansion of forms and their modulation, e.g. the art form of murals
where the wall itself becomes part of the piece. While Focillon (84) argues that art is
inseparable from space, he acknowledges that there are cases where space functions only
as an ornamental feature within an artwork that sets the object apart. The concept of
background in painting is one example of this. The meaning of background is that space
and nature do not just surround and house the subject of the painting: instead they make
38

Matilda Söderbacka
up a separate entity entirely (Focillon 84). The physical reality of an artwork is thus
twofold in its relationship to space: the reality within and without the form.
Although the form and matter of a piece of art are intertwined according to
Focillon, he offers a distinction between image and form:

We are always tempted to read into form a meaning other than its own, to confuse
the notion of form with that of image and sign. But whereas an image implies the
representation of an object, and a sign signifies an object, form signifies only
itself. (34)

Here, Focillon argues that there is a distinct meaning of form and that form must be
separated from any attributes we assign to it. The difficulty of dealing with form stems
from the elusive nature of it, “which is neither that of physical extent nor that of pure
thought” (Focillon 35). This thesis does exactly what Focillon describes above by
attempting to dissect form ‒ and its counterpart formlessness ‒ through the interpretive
lens of literary and cultural studies. This is due to the limitations of my academic
background. In order to approach this matter, literary scholars such as myself must twist
their minds around the very pillars that hold up the basis of their analysis. Focillon
recognises the paradoxical nature of representational art, stating that “in an art seemingly
dedicated to “imitation,” the principle of non-imitation appears as it does nowhere else”
(99). Art is created through the interaction of form, matter and space, and even in cases
of imitation, something new is inevitably created. Focillon’s perception of forms is thus
that they are “not only, [...] incarnated, but that it is invariably incarnation itself” (101).
Materiality still matters in representational art forms such as illustration:

39

Matilda Söderbacka
drawing [...] is a process of abstraction so extreme and so pure that matter is
reduced to a mere armature of the slenderest possible sort, and is [...] very nearly
volatilized. But matter in this volatile state is still matter, and by virtue of being
controlled, compressed and divided on the paper ‒ which it instantly brings to life
‒ it acquires a special power. Its variety [...] is extreme: ink, wash, lead pencil,
charcoal, red chalk, crayon, whether singly or in combination, all constitute so
many distinct traits, so many distinct languages. (Focillon 100)

Here, Focillon describes the many different properties of several methods within one art
form and how they in their materiality create distinctive expressions. A relevant
comparison is that poetry is one of many literary forms, which can be categorised into
more specific groups of genre, stanza forms, audience, access etc.
Focillon (103-104) explains technique to be the instrument of form and form to
be the instrument of the subject matter. The artist employs the “very technique of the
mind; he gives us a kind of mold or cast that we can both see and touch” (Focillon 119).
When this idea is applied to this thesis, form can be said to be an academic analysis on
the subject matter – formlessness – and the technique is the grammar of the form, i.e. the
structure and the language of thesis writing. Not to forget the more material aspects of
the writing process: the computer and the writing program, an internet connection, and
my educational background, as well as the effect on the text which spatial and temporal
elements have. Technique is not “oppressed” by matter, but it must “extract from matter
forces that are still vital and not vitrified beneath a flawless varnish” (Focillon 106). This
suggests that to create art or a form of any kind, in this case, an academic thesis, the
technique must find kernels or pockets of vitality that engage the reader.

40

Matilda Söderbacka
According to Focillon, “[f]orms obey their own rules ‒ rules that are inherent in
the forms themselves, or better, in the regions of the mind where they are located and
centered” (52). The Life of Forms in Art has an entire chapter devoted to the placing of
forms in the realm of the mind. In it, Focillon questions the externality of forms and asks
whether forms are “projections of some inner process”, but arrives at the conclusion that
“the world of forms in the mind is identical in principle with the world of forms in space
and matter: they differ only in plan or, possibly, in perspective” (118). Thus, Focillon
follows the same concrete reading of form that both Latour and Bennett advocate. In
Focillon’s assessment, form cannot be abstract nor removed from its surroundings.
Rather, it is grounded in the tactile and the visual. Focillon illustrates this through the
examples of the musician who hears music in timbres and instruments rather than
numerical relationships between notes and the artist who sees their painting through the
tones and the touch rather than an abstraction of their painting. This “creates the concrete
within the abstract, and the weight within the imponderable” (Focillon 123).
For Focillon, accepting formlessness is a way of relaxing the mind which is
constantly busy with the labour of defining itself and its surroundings. After such
strenuous effort, “[a]ll that [the mind] then seeks or needs is to relax, to lose willingly all
sense of form, to accept passively whatever may flow up to it from the ocean depths of
life” (Focillon 119). He likens this cognitive process to a riot which seeks to overturn
what is established but in the process establishes new forms. Not only does Focillon tie
forms to ever-shifting cognitive processes, he also argues that form is the “innermost
activity” (123) of feeling, over the interpretation of form as an allegory or symbol of
feeling. An artist can turn his emotions into form and “form activates feeling” (Focillon
123), not only in the artist but in the audience as well, e.g. through the tender tones of an

41

Matilda Söderbacka
aria or the Flower duet from Lakmé; through the softness of a watercolour painting or the
subtle assonance of a poem.
Since Focillon is very invested in questions of spatiality, he inevitably also
comments on the temporal aspects of form. He asserts that a work of art is primarily set
in space, but it does also fall into a tradition and places on a scale of previous and later
works of art. Focillon’s treatment of time problematizes the ideas of succession and
evolution. Evolution proposes a “deceptive orderliness [and] single-minded directness”
(Focillon 47) although there are cases of the “line” between the past and the future not
being straight-forward. The traditional historian views time as chronological: synchronic
glimpses of time lose significance if not viewed in relation to what came before or after.
Time becomes a kind of architectural structure that takes on an organic quality, as in the
case of different centuries (Focillon 137-139). However, as Focillon points out, “[h]istory
is not unilinear; it is not pure sequence” (140). There are many intersecting realities within
the same points in time, which diversify history and unfolding events. This resembles
Latour’s take on time functioning like a kind of helix (Harman 2009, p. 68) and Massey’s
interpretation of space existing in a “sense of contemporaneous plurality” (9). Since the
concept of time stands on such impressionable ground, Focillon breaks it down to its core
to explain a moment as the “meeting point of several forms of the present” (152) rather
than the total of what came before.
This section shows Focillon’s take on art creating the human experience rather
than representing it. The artist creates “a world that is complex, coherent and concrete”
(Focillon 119). Focillon, like Latour and Bennett, highlights the agency of matter and the
inseparable qualities of space, matter and form. Art is created through forms existing in
space and forms are developed through technique. Focillon anchors form as cognitive
processes and as expressions of emotion while fully acknowledging the concreteness of
42

Matilda Söderbacka
the materiality of forms and the importance of a physical imprint. There is a discussion
on the identity of touch and the critical distinction between image and form. Lastly,
Focillon’s approach to time is briefly outlined.

2.7 Spatial deixis
This section presents the linguistic tool of spatial deixis, which is relevant to the literary
pragmatic analysis of “Reading the Bible Backwards”. Deixis is derived from the Greek
word for reference (“deixis”). A simple definition of deixis is the “anchoring of speech in
a specific time and place” (Robert 156). Deictic expressions draw the attention of the
addressee to the spatial and temporal environment of the utterance. In other words, deixis
is a textual reference to the extra-textual world. This challenges any view of language as
an autonomous system independent of its context. For those who believe language is a
system with the sole purpose to objectively describe the world, deixis is “a big black fly
in the ointment” (Levinson 2004, p. 97). Deixis disrupts the idea of an objective, impartial
reality expressed through language, and instead introduces subjective, intentional,
attentional and situational properties to languages. It is possible to take this philosophical
angle even further and draw a direct parallel between deixis and Latour’s actant theory.
In this case, a language is a black box, and a word is an actant that exists and operates
through its networks or, in other words, its context.
Deixis is closely related to indexicality, as both, in their simplest definitions,
indicate or point towards something. Levinson (2004, p. 97) distinguishes between
indexicality in a philosophical tradition which concerns itself with contextual dependency
as a phenomenon and deixis as the linguistic markers of this dependency. Some linguistic
expressions are inherently deictic, such as the demonstrative pronoun this, where the
referent is provided by the context. Deixis is also closely linked to ‒ and sometimes
43

Matilda Söderbacka
indistinguishable from ‒ anaphora, which is a reference back to something stated
previously. Levinson (2004, p. 103) exemplifies this with the sentence I’ve been living in
San Francisco for five years and I love it here, where here is simultaneously deictic and
anaphoric. Adverbs like near or far, now and today, pronouns like you, this, that and verbs
such as come and go can all function as deictic references, describing proximity or
distance, temporal aspects, or roles and their functions. There are different categories of
deixis, e.g. those referring to a person, discourse, time and place etc. (Levinson 2004, pp.
111-121). In 1934, Karl Bühler introduced the idea of a deictic centre; a “ground zero” or
“origo”, around which the deictic field is organised (Levinson 2004, p. 111). The origo
consists of the speaker “at the time and place of speaking” (Levinson 2004, p. 111). Take
for instance here and there, which are perhaps the most known examples of spatial deixis.
In English, here is a space which includes the speaker, while there is farther away from
the speaker, both cases placing the speaker in the deictic centre (Levinson 1998, p, 203;
2004, p. 116). The origo can shift, however, e.g. “What should he do here now, Harry
wondered?” is Levinson’s (1998, p. 202) example of the writer’s and reader’s sense of
deictic centre shifting to that of the protagonist, Harry, by the use of here.
Deixis is a highly complicated and pervasive linguistic feature which struggles to
fit neatly into the categories of semantic and pragmatic theory (Levinson 2004, p. 97).
This is one reason an interdisciplinary approach is helpful, as it allows for fluidity and a
holistic view. By approaching “Reading the Bible Backwards” through spatial deixis, we
can uncover its real-world relations.

2.8 Conclusions on form
This section summarises the theoretical chapter of this thesis in an effort to radically
simplify the complex themes of form and formlessness. I started by renouncing the
44

Matilda Söderbacka
philosophically modernist dichotomies of human/nonhuman and organic/inorganic life or
matter in favour of a less rigid interpretation of agency and vitality.
While trying to unravel the question of what counts as having agency, the
loosening of absolutes becomes central. The vital materiality of Jane Bennett and Graham
Harman’s metaphysical account of Bruno Latour’s actant theory are employed to argue
that all entities, organic or not, possess agency. The loosening of concepts such as matter
and form is relevant throughout this thesis. I do not view matter and form as two distinct
entities that happen to coexist and be co-dependent, but as fundamentally intertwined and
inseparable. Subsequently, form cannot be studied on its own, but needs to be seen in
relation to something, usually content or matter. This is also the case for studying the
negative, which needs to be related to its positive counterpart. Thus, in order to study the
absence of form – formlessness – I discuss the presence of form and its development
through philosophy and aesthetics. To discuss formlessness inevitably gives it form
through language (Kaakinen 125), which is a paradox of this thesis.
A salient interpretation comes from Angela Leighton (3), who observes the
mischief and vibrancy of form. Form is infinitely mouldable and lends itself to any shape
and use. It is mobile, versatile and imaginative. I present Harman’s object-oriented
philosophy, which insists that it is possible to discuss what is external to human
perception without necessarily imposing human values and interpretations onto objects.
In other words, Harman believes it is possible to understand objects as they truly exist.
This is one way of materialising metaphysics, which otherwise has a tendency to exist
only as an abstraction; as a speculation of the world largely influenced by Kant’s ideas of
subjective perception.
My view on formlessness is best exemplified through David Pole’s insistence that
formlessness is relative. Since I view form and matter as inseparable, there cannot be
45

Matilda Söderbacka
formlessness where there is matter and the only non-matter is arguably antimatter.
However, antimatter also has a structure, or form. By simple extrapolation it is possible
to conclude that there is no absolute formlessness. There is, however, relative
formlessness (Pole 82). Pole (83) argues that form in a non-aesthetic sense can break its
specific features and definitions, i.e. its structure, effectively exemplifying formlessness
in practice. A baby’s first drawings are not likely to be identifiable as having a particular
form, rather they are formless scrawls and scribbles. This is the view of formlessness I
refer to in the analysis unless otherwise specified.
Section 2.4 explores Latour’s actant theory through the lens of Harman (2009).
Actants are entities which have varying degrees of impact on their alliances, i.e. their
surrounding or related actants, through an intricate network, not of cause-and-effect, but
translations and mediations. When these actants bind together in a strong enough network,
they become black boxes, which are entities that are so well-established that they are not
questioned. Should someone start to examine these black boxes and start asking questions
about their relations, the boxes would be dismantled or loosened. Alternatively, as we
saw in the example of the scientist vs. The Dissenter (Harman 2009, p. 39-43), black
boxes can be strong enough to withstand questioning. I discuss Latour exclusively
through Harman’s metaphysical presentation of Latour’s work. While Latour and Harman
broadly seem to share philosophies, one significant difference is that Harman views
objects as units that exist in themselves, independent of their relations.
Bennett’s theory of vibrant matter seeks to bring biodynamics into political and
philosophical discourse. I have adopted Bennett’s perspective that it is crucial to
deconstruct the binaries between human and non-human life and acknowledge the agency
of all entities. This also reflects Latour’s actant theory, which is one of Bennett’s main
influences. Bennett diverges from Latour in that she leans towards essentialism through
46

Matilda Söderbacka
Spinoza and critical vitalism. Bennett argues that all entities, including non-organic ones,
have some incalculable self-animating property. This is not a spirit or soul inhabiting the
entity, but something created in the spaces of the machine, as it were, born from the
physical interactions of the matter itself. Bennett contrasts this belief to Hans Driesch’s
theory of entelechy, which sees vessels infused with a central, unknowable life force.
Bennett, in contrast to Driesch, does not believe it to be an external force, but one created
in the physicality of the material, and extends this agentic power to non-organic entities,
e.g. electricity.
In section 2.6, I examine the relationship between matter and form in the realm of
art through Henri Focillon. This is to bridge the gap between the discussion of
metaphysics and the analysis of my primary source material. All of my main scholars are
concerned with concrete materiality, and by discussing form and art, I build the basis for
the upcoming interdisciplinary discussion. Focillon (32) argues that by creating art, the
artist doesn’t just represent the human experience of the world, but creates it. For Focillon,
art is inseparable from its form, as it exists in a physical reality of weight, colour, density
etc. Art is likewise an exercise of imagination and an exploration of spatiality, not only
existing in space, but shaping and stretching it according to its needs. Focillon (78-79)
distinguishes between space as environment and space as limit. He shares the belief with
Latour that a piece of art possesses agency; it affects its surroundings. An art piece is thus
static only in appearance. Forms of art are simultaneously plastic, dynamic and concrete.
They are touchable. A poem exists as words on a page; in a physical environment, apart
from its existence in the reader’s mind. In my discussion, I explore the physicality of
“Reading the Bible Backwards” through Focillon’s identity of touch, which presents a
literal hands-on-approach. I do this by contrasting it to the audio-visual medium of film.

47

Matilda Söderbacka
Connected to this hands-on-approach is my use of the linguistic marker spatial
deixis. Spatial deixis anchors language in a context and a time and place. I examine the
spatial deixis of my primary source material to find out how it relates to the extralinguistic world, i.e. the “concrete” world.

3. Analysis of “Reading the Bible Backwards”
This chapter analyses Eleanor Wilner’s poem “Reading the Bible Backwards” (1989)
through a variety of different critical lenses. The main takeaway of the theory chapter is
that form and matter are inseparable. This view is essential to my reading as a whole.
Likewise, the concrete approach favoured by Bennett, Harman, Latour and Focillon, is
applied throughout the analysis. However, due to the brevity of the poem and the
intersectional nature of this thesis, it is useful to apply a range of theoretical frameworks
to the analysis, namely ecocriticism, historicism, narratology, spatial deixis and vital
materiality. I find that Bennett’s (vii) presentation of vital materiality comes closest to
function as an umbrella term for the theoretical speculations I have presented in the theory
chapter. By applying all these different perspectives, I present a variety of ways to
approach formlessness, as the concept itself is fluid and defies rigid structure. Before
diving into the multiple critical perspectives, a brief synopsis of the primary source
material and an explanation of the poetics of negativity is provided.

3.1 Synopsis of “Reading the Bible Backwards”
Eleanor Wilner’s 1989 poem “Reading the Bible Backwards” (“RBB”) is a retelling of
the Christian creation story in reverse. Consisting of six stanzas of varying lengths, it is a
narrative poem in free verse; an apocalyptic tale of nature overtaking civilisation, slowly
48

Matilda Söderbacka
drowning itself until only “the Spirit” remains. Wilner paints well-known biblical
scenarios as temporally sequenced narratives within a grander retrogressive narrative as
biblical events occur in backwards order. If the reader did not have any prior knowledge
of the Bible, they would most likely not comprehend the inverted temporality of “Reading
the Bible Backwards”, save for the title, which tells the reader that this poem is a retelling
of a Bible story in reverse. However, the Christian creation story is so well-known that
most readers will be at least superficially familiar with it and able to connect the dots
between the two narratives. Wilner rewrites the scenarios of what is presumably a scene
from the Book of Revelation, the birth of Jesus Christ, the story of Noah’s ark, the escape
of Moses on the river Nile and the first chapter of Genesis, i.e. the moment of creation.
Each of the six stanzas of the poem can be interpreted as representing one of the days in
which the universe was created according to Christian belief. Following this
interpretation, the seventh day and the non-existent seventh stanza are for God’s or in
Wilner’s terms, the Spirit’s, rest and thus not part of the narrative. In a symbolically
corresponding amount of time to its creation, the universe is uncreated.
To describe the journey to formlessness undertaken in this poem, I occasionally
use the word ascension although terms like declension or deterioration are perhaps more
associated with formlessness due to the qualities of lack and absence inherent to the nature
of the concept. I prefer ascension since the waters are rising upwards throughout the
poem. I also read it (from an ecocritical perspective) as a rather uplifting poem despite its
apocalyptic narrative. Following the structure of the poem, the goal is to arrive at a
metaphorical throne, where the Spirit takes the place of God. In other words, “RBB”
culminates in a transcendent scene in which only the formless Spirit remains. Here, I use
the word transcendence according to its dictionary definition of “surmounting, or rising
above [...], excelling, surpassing eminence or excellence” (“transcendence”).
49

Matilda Söderbacka
Transcendence is most often connected to deities who stand above their inhabited
universe, i.e. are disconnected from form. It is sometimes contrasted to immanence, which
in turn refers to the inherent; to something ‒ usually God ‒ “permanently pervading and
sustaining the universe” (“immanent”). Transcendence is both another word as elusive as
formlessness and an example of formlessness.

3.2 Poetics of negativity
As already concluded, depicting and observing formlessness is a paradox and is
practically impossible. Simply addressing formlessness gives it form through language,
and so moving towards such an abstraction necessarily involves analysing it through its
negation. Literary scholar Leena Kaakinen identifies this strategy as a “poetics of
negativity” (125). Effectively, if flipped, this means that the only reasonable way to
approach formlessness is through its positive counterpart, form. Other examples include
reading presence through absence, “fullness through emptiness, death through life and
life through death” (Kaakinen 125). Kaakinen (127) argues that the best way to approach
nothingness is through a concretisation of the material. This is the same tendency that
we’ve seen in Harman, Latour, Bennett and Focillon. While Kaakinen writes about
nothingness rather than formlessness, it can be argued that the two are virtually the same
given a vital materialist reading, which sees matter and form as inseparable.
“Reading the Bible Backwards” has the form of a poem and is consequently a
poem. Poetry is born ‒ and inseparable ‒ from form. Poetry is separated from other
literary forms through, for instance, cadence, rhyme, rhythm and oral or visual patterns,
and within the tradition of poetry, there are countless varieties of form. For instance,
“RBB” is an example of a narrative poem written in free verse. Philip Hobsbaum and
Thomas DiPiero both give in-depth explanations of the large range of poetic forms, the
50

Matilda Söderbacka
latter further illuminating how poetry contrasts with the apparent formlessness of prose.
Not only does DiPiero distinguish between the imagination of poetry and the transpired
events of historical narratives, but he also highlights the importance of acknowledging
the social and political context of different literary forms. For example, the idea that prose
displays a formless quality has historical roots in the loss of the jongleur, the travelling
balladeer who sang grand stories in the vernacular, and with him, the loss of rhythm and
rhyme that helped the singer remember the stories. In literary prose, the extra-linguistic
performance aspect, i.e. the form, which among other things contained aural and visual
cues, was lost, leaving only disembodied linguistic features such as punctuation and
deixis (DiPiero 209-210).
In other words, DiPiero (209-210) argues that poetry carries more aural and visual
likeness to oral narratives than to written prose and in the move from oral to literary prose,
there was a loss of form and hence the idea that prose is formless was born. This idea has
been questioned by scholars and I do not claim that prose is an example of complete
formlessness as this thesis does not concern itself with a work of prose. However, this
suggests that, in comparison, poetry cannot be separated from its form to the same extent
as literary prose. Hobsbaum (13) writes that, in practice, the form and matter of a poem
are inseparable and are only divided into isolated components, e.g. verse, metre, rhythm,
assonance and semantics, when engaged in analytic discussion. I agree with Robert Pogue
Harrison’s (3) stance that poetry is one of the only forms that can truly depict
formlessness.
Related to the idea of formlessness is the aforementioned concept of nothingness,
a well-established notion explored by such poets as W.B. Yeats, W.H. Auden, Louis
MacNeice, Seamus Heaney and Paul Muldoon to name a few. “For poetry makes nothing
happen”, the famous axiom expressed by Auden in his elegy “In Memory of W.B. Yeats”
51

Matilda Söderbacka
(1939), can be read through the poetics of negativity as turning the negative nothing into
something (Leighton 145). Writing about nothingness is thus to conjure something into
being; “nothing turns itself inside out and changes into its negation” (Kaakinen 127). This
same two-fold nature of formlessness is evident in this thesis. Taking this analysis a step
further shows that nothingness is becoming; it is “neither a thing, nor no nothing, but a
continuous event” (Leighton 145).
To reiterate, poetry is arguably the best literary form for expressing formlessness,
nothingness and an imaginary, denied or doubted “non-reality” (Kaakinen 128). Through
concrete readings of poetry, e.g. looking at small, particular details and the interaction
between form and matter, fresh and surprising points of view on worn-out themes can be
found. Concretisation is a complex analysis “about emptiness that exceeds human
understanding” (Kaakinen 133). Even though Kaakinen here is discussing the poetry of
Wisława Szymborska, her statement is also applicable to Wilner’s “Reading the Bible
Backwards”, which ends in a similar emptiness to that of Szymborska’s work. Wilner
attempts to paint a picture of total formlessness like that of the moment of Creation, but
inevitably anchors it in language, perspective and meaning. However, looking past this
apparent paradox and following a pragmatic definition of formlessness, we see that
Wilner succeeds. In the end, there is nothing left but an undefined Spirit moving across a
vast landscape of undefined wilderness: And / the Spirit moved upon the face of the waters
(85-86). In conclusion, through the poetics of negativity, poetry can depict the nonexistent or formless, although it in the process gives form to the formlessness it imagines.

3.3 An ecocritical perspective
Ecocriticism is a school of thought that criticises the phenomenon of only valuing nature
according to how useful it is for humans. Environmentalists argue that nature has an
52

Matilda Söderbacka
intrinsic value which should be taken into account in our societal structures and value
systems (Garrard 18). This illustrates that, according to ecocriticism, there is a
fundamental divide between nature and culture. This is an example of the classic
philosophical modernist dualism that Latour, Harman and Bennett seek to break down.
An ecocritical reading of “Reading the Bible Backwards”, or indeed most art, becomes
more relevant with each passing year, as the world appears to grow closer to such an
apocalyptic event described in “RBB”, however implausible or extreme it might seem (cf.
IPCC; UN; UNEP 2019). Questions of human existence have always intrigued
philosophers and humanity is perhaps more threatened than ever in this respect due to the
ongoing climate crisis. Apocalypticism is inevitably bound to imagination, as it envisions
a future which has not yet come to pass, and the word itself stems from the Greek Apocalyptein, meaning to uncover or unveil (Garrard 86; “apocalypse”). In Gathering the
Winds, Wilner accounts for an “apocalyptic-millennial” (1975, pp. 1-3) visionary
imagination that accompanies times of distress and crisis and radicalises its
contemporaries. This speaks very much to the current zeitgeist of millennials and zoomers
whose online presence is heavily centred around suicidal jokes and Marxist memes. The
current upswing of the right-wing using online humour as a tool of radicalisation towards
fascism (Evans 00:08:28-00:17:13) shows that Wilner’s academic work is as relevant in
2020 as it was in 1975. She states that an apocalyptic vision always grows out of a social,
historical and interpersonal context of extremes as a critical response to the threat of
(social) dislocation (Wilner 1975, p. 3). Wilner wrote “RBB” at the end of a decade that
in a USA centred context saw rapidly growing income inequality, alienation from nature
in favour of excessive consumerism, race motivated drug wars, the AIDS-epidemic, the
final gripes of the Cold War and the unrest that culminated in the disbandment of the
Soviet Union. The 1980s were effectively the decade that led the world to its current point
53

Matilda Söderbacka
in time where late-stage capitalism reigns and the planet is literally on fire because of it
(PR Newswire; UNEP 2020). “Reading the Bible Backwards” is Wilner’s apocalypticmillennial vision that is equally relevant, if not more so, thirty years later.
In “RBB”, Wilner subverts religious and mythological imagery in what can
effectively be called a redemption of nature, as the literal uprising of the sea buries all
traces of humanity. Or perhaps it would be more accurate to read it as a redemption of
wilderness instead, since all land-dependent species are eventually drowned. Redemption
refers to “freeing a prisoner, captive, or slave by payment; the fact of being freed in this
way” (“redemption”). Nature has been the slave of humankind since the Creation (cf. The
Bible, KJV, the Book of Genesis 1.26), and in “RBB”, Wilner sets it free; she acts as the
priest giving nature its absolution: “the old / nightmares of earth would settle / into silt”
(72-74). The payment that must be made is that freedom only comes on behalf of the
extinction of everything else. Calling it redemption when describing nature overthrowing
the religious and cultural order is subversive when considering that the word carries
strong religious connotations. A theological definition reads redemption as the salvation
of Christ; of absolution from sin and damnation. Commonly, redemption means
liberation, restoration, deliverance (“redemption”). Wilner’s retelling of the biblical
creation story restores nature to its primal, spiritual, prehistoric and pre-form self. The
death-stroke of the Anthropocene is the birth of Jesus Christ who “would spell / the end
of earth as it had been” (29-30). The birth of Christendom brings on centuries of violence
done to the earth and its inhabitants. This supports a reading in which Judeo-Christian
ideology is seen as having alienated humans from nature (cf. Wilner 2000, pp. 235-236).
For Wilner, mankind, and specifically those of Semitic faiths, foster a false belief,
supported by the Book of Genesis, that they are supposed to master the natural world,
when in fact, they abuse and oppress it.
54

Matilda Söderbacka
Since the formlessness presented in “RBB” is a result of nature taking over the
earth as we know it by creating the wildest of wilderness (endless oceans), questions of
the relationship between nature and form must be acknowledged in the analysis of
formlessness. To analyse this relationship wilderness proves a useful term since it is
arguably the formless version of nature as it defies rigid structures. As a concept,
wilderness is the counterpart of place; it is othered from human constructions of place
and thus defined by what it is not (through a poetics of negativity), i.e. by its borders
against something known, tangible and approachable. Wilderness is traditionally seen as
violent and it is in its nature unwelcoming from an anthropocentric perspective. Some of
the oldest surviving works of writing, such as The Epic of Gilgamesh, depict threatening
aspects of wilderness. In the book of Genesis, being banished from the Garden of Eden
forces humankind to go into exile in the wilderness. Other Bible stories characterise
wilderness as a place of danger and trial, as well as a place of freedom, purity and
redemption. These meanings are to some degree ascribed to wilderness still today
(Garrard 61). For Garrard, wilderness is almost sacred, it is a promise of a “renewed,
authentic relation of humanity and the earth, a post-Christian covenant, found in a space
of purity, founded in an attitude of reverence and humility” (59). This brings to mind the
concept of the sublime presented by Edmund Burke in 1757, which is a notion that
describes the awe-inspiring quality of nature where beauty meets terror. The sublime,
however, is much more concerned with the (civilized) human’s visual perspective on
nature, seemingly upholding the traditional Christian dichotomy of man vs nature.
Contemporary ecocriticism, on the other hand, regards humans as a part of nature, rather
than superior to it or set apart from it. Following an ecocritical interpretation, Wilner’s
wilderness embodies a post-Christian, post-religious, post-human world in its “purest”,
awe-inspiring state.
55

Matilda Söderbacka
Much of the imagery in “RBB” is rooted in Western religion or mythology.
Gradually throughout the poem, these materialisations of culture become permeated by
vines and populated by wild animals. The poem opens with

All around the altar, huge lianas
curled, unfurled the dark green
of their leaves to complement the red
of blood spilled there – a kind of Christmas
decoration (1-5)

There is immediately a sense of abandonment, that this is a place that has been left to
overgrow with shrubbery without human interference, although there are still clear signs
of culture: an altar and an allusion to Christmas decorations. During the first day, the
angels arrive, “messengers like birds / but with the oiled flesh of men” (7-8), as a
foreboding sign that the end of human time and the beginning of natural time is near.
Later, these angels “who had seemed so solid, turned / quicksilver in the rain” (59-60),
which illustrates that there is no God to save them; no human deity has a place is this new
world. Furthermore, the materiality of the angels, and with it, their form, disintegrates
into quicksilver that is washed out with the rain. Through this concretisation of religious
imagery into bodies, and their subsequent break-down, both the form and content of
religion and culture vanish.
Water is an elemental, encompassing force, slowly rising throughout the poem
with a rhythm and assonance that echoes the motion of waves crashing onto the shore:
“the polar caps were melting, the water was / advancing in its slow, relentless / lines,
swallowing the old / landmarks, swelling the / seas” (32-36). The end of the Earth as we
56

Matilda Söderbacka
know it begins with rain and with glaciers melting ‒ not unlike the current real-world
situation due to global warming ‒ and soon “The Nile / merges with the sea” (45-46). The
final drowning of the earth happens swiftly and unremarkably:

When the waves closed over, completing the green
sweep of ocean, there was no time for mourning.
No final trump, no thunder to announce
the silent steal of waters; how soundlessly
it all went under: the little family
and the scene so easily mistaken
for an adoration. (51-57)

Imagining the end of the human world as soundless is arresting. There is a tendency for
humans to resist, to instinctively fight for survival. To envision a quiet close is
characteristically unhuman, as we make so much noise as a species. We believe ourselves
to be so important and vital to the Earth, that to think that our demise would not be
accompanied by some great recognition from nature is humbling. However, humans have
only inhabited the earth for a fraction of its existence, so it is not particularly difficult to
imagine a world without humans. Perhaps, by removing the human element altogether, it
becomes easier to engage in Harman’s object-oriented ontology; if there simply is no
human perspective to take into account, we could, after several centuries, move away
from Kant’s ideas of subjective perception.
By the end of “RBB”, there is nothing left to make sense of or identify. The seas
rise until everything is absorbed into formlessness:

57

Matilda Söderbacka
And the earth
was without form and void, and darkness
was upon the face of the deep. And
the Spirit moved upon the face of the waters. (83-86)

While Wilner ends the poem by quoting The Bible, Gen. 1.2, she omits the genitive
marker “of God” when describing the Spirit. Wilner’s Spirit is a divine presence unlike
God, the Holy Ghost or any other well-known religious image, rather, it is something
“prehuman and prehistorical” (Harrison 9). This suggests that Wilner sees nature itself as
having a spiritual essence and that this Spirit is as entitled to rule the Earth as humans are,
if not more so. This point of view is reminiscent of the Gaia theory, which is favoured by
deep ecologists and ecofeminists. Gaia is the female-coded Earth seen as a dynamic
biosphere which regulates itself and strives to keep a balance of energy similar to that of
a living organism, and should be seen as a process rather than a static object (Garrard
173-174). According to the Gaia theory, the Earth has a will of her own, i.e. is an actant.
If human history and culture is a violation of nature, as Wilner presents it here,
extinguishing the source of violation is accomplishing the planet’s elemental will
(Harrison 9). It should be noted that Wilner does not explicitly gender the Earth, but
allows nature to exist as is, without human constructions of gender interfering.
For Wilner, the real tragedy, the true original sin, is mankind’s neglect and abuse
of nature. The universal flood she describes “‘reverses the spell’ of human history’s
disasters and tragedies” (Harrison 8) by erasing all traces of it. However, nature is not
vengeful, since it has no morality and no mission except to keep on living. The rising seas
are not plotting to erase history, they just do. Harrison observes that, for Wilner, the sin
of Adam is “against nature, not God, [and] hence the guilt of history is neither punishable
58

Matilda Söderbacka
not atonable. It is only oblivionable through the miracle of the rain” (9). The oblivion
Harrison speaks of and Wilner presents is not the religious notion of absolution (as there
can be no forgiveness nor salvation), but an absolution that loosens the grip and guilt of
history and mankind’s impact on nature.
In “Reading the Bible Backwards” Wilner explores a shift from the
Anthropocentric to the eco-centric, which is a prominent feature of deep ecology. This
radical point of view is in opposition to most religious and philosophical theories in the
West, and a crucial aspect of how Wilner subverts the importance of established religion
and culture. An ecocritical analysis of “RBB” is timely and shows that Wilner rewrites
the Christian creation story as a redemption of nature, achieved through all-encompassing
wilderness. By writing an apocalyptic end to the world, Wilner creates a new beginning;
by returning to the past she obliviates mankind’s transgressions against nature. By the
end, only the transcendent Spirit remains, and Wilner has effectively offered an
absolution to nature that simultaneously loosens form into formlessness.

3.4 A historicist perspective
A historicist view is that while nature and culture differ in terms of strategies, they share
an instinct to prepare for the unborn (Harrison ix). Nature does this in a strictly organic
sense, while, for a historicist, culture is restricted to the human sphere, built on a sense of
responsibility and the foundations laid by those who came before us. Harrison (ix-xi)
argues that, unconsciously or consciously, we act according to the will of our ancestors
and that relating to the dead by the act of burial is essential to being human. Historicists
also argue that another way culture and nature differ from each other is that humans
grieve, whereas nature does not; it simply continues its existence when faced with loss.
However, this ignores the fact that many animals display grieving tendencies (cf.
59

Matilda Söderbacka
Alderton 2011; King 2013a, 2013b). Historicism argues that the very origin of culture is
burial, as a grave marks a site of meaning, roots you to a place and serves as a foundation
for future generations. Burial in a broader sense involves storing and preserving the past
for future generations to reclaim and rediscover. Harrison (x) calls this the humic
foundations of the world, i.e. the ideologies, languages and legacies of the dead. Since
Wilner writes about grand themes such as mythology and anthropology and favours a
communal approach to poetry rather than a personal or confessional one, her poetry can
be said to reflect the humic foundations of the world.
Wilner’s fondness for cultural memory rather than personal ‒ or in her own words,
a transpersonal style of poetry (2000, p. 227) ‒ is rooted in her interest in uncovering the
silenced voices of the past and scrutinising systematic violence (“Eleanor Wilner”). A
recurring theme in Wilner’s poetry is the notion of revisiting the past in an attempt to
atone for committed atrocities. In her essay “Playing the Changes”, Wilner states that “as
we change the past, so are we changed” (Wilner 2000, p. 226). This refers not only to a
work of art shaping the view on previous and forthcoming works in the same genre, as
T.S. Eliot famously gathered in his essay “Tradition and the Individual Talent”, but also
to the dialectic exchange between the artist (or human) and the past (Wilner 2000, p. 226).
Wilner’s assessment of the epic poem Metamorphoses by Ovid is timely in its view of
nature as a process rather than a static environment, which could similarly be said about
her own writing in “Reading the Bible Backwards”. Wilner’s passion for a change and
transformation of the past is evident in “RBB” through her reimagination of a Creation
that reverses the harm done to the earth by humans. Furthermore, “RBB” is included in
Wilner’s 1998 poetry collection Reversing the Spell, accurately summing up her body of
work in one book title.

60

Matilda Söderbacka
Harrison (3) contends that places (as opposed to wilderness) are always shaped
by humans, most visibly so through architecture. Similarly, Focillon (50) argues that
architecture is the most structured form of art and thus the best example of form as it
exists within its context. Without architecture, there would be no dwellings (except for
natural caves and crevices), no cities, no infrastructure and no marks of human time.
Architecture “transforms geological time into human time, [...] it turns matter into
meaning” (Harrison 3). Because, from a historicist point of view, architecture gives
meaning to the material, seeing it disintegrate into ruins can be a startling experience.
Ruins represent “the dissolution of meaning into matter” (Harrison 3) and remind us of
the temporary nature of human beings. In “RBB”, Wilner deconstructs all architectural
structures and lets them decay into literal ruins. Matter is allowed to exist on its own terms
without the added burden of human interpretation of meaning. Following a historicist
interpretation of culture being built on burial anchoring human beings to a place, the sea
denies the opportunity for culture to take form as it is not possible to mark a gravesite at
sea. The sea is thus a force that resists the very foundations of human culture. However,
it is not immune to human interference in the form of pollution and overfishing, and thus
its balance can be disrupted. Wilner’s poem undoes not only the Creation story told in the
Bible, but also millennia of pollution and tragedy that has been inflicted on nature by
humans (Harrison 8).
Significantly, water is the last matter standing, having devoured everything else.
It is a poetic irony that culture and the Anthropocene are eradicated by water, a substance
which makes up two-thirds of human matter. There is currently intriguing scholarship
being written on the embodiment of water, not least from Astrida Neimanis, who offers a
posthuman feminist perspective in her book Bodies of Water (2016). However, for scope
purposes, I refrain from diverging too far from the sea as wilderness analogy. The sea
61

Matilda Söderbacka
perfectly embodies wilderness. According to Harrison (11-12), the imagery of the sea is
that of a cruel, irresponsible and unpredictable element that is hostile to memory and
passionate of erasure. The sea is often regarded as treacherous as it can quickly transition
from calm to calamitous. Joseph Conrad wrote several works that revolve around the sea
as his seamanship gave him great insight into the matter, and came to the conclusion that
“the sea is unearthly” (Harrison 11). The term unearthly suggests that the sea is unlike
anything graspable or mouldable like the earth, dirt and soil is, which accentuates the
formlessness of Wilner’s imagined ending to the Creation. While the soil of the earth may
sympathise with human virtue and reward labour, the sea is non-respondent to the wishes
and memories of humankind (Harrison 11-12). The sea thus displays an element of
agency which is unphased by human interference. In other words, the sea is an actant,
acting on its own accord.
From a historicist perspective, to be human is to translate mortality into history.
In “RBB”, Wilner is subverting our view of mortality, religion, humanity and who culture
belongs to, and of the concept of form itself. She erases history ‒ and consequently the
mortality and temporality of humans ‒ by having the sea, which defies all traces of burial,
envelop the world. She deconstructs religious institutions through breaking down
architectural constructs, returning human time to geological time and shifting that which
once carried human meaning into mere matter. Seeking meaning is the entire point of
religion and Wilner brushes this aside. The end, or rather, the new beginning of the earth
possesses no meaning for humans. Furthermore, the heroes of the story are not the
peripheral human characters, but the creatures of the land and the sea: cockroaches,
leopards and condors become kings, sea creatures are allowed to roam free and whales
are the new bearers of culture as they “sing some mighty epic of their own” (67). One
might question Wilner’s decision to anthropomorphise the whales, as she eradicates all
62

Matilda Söderbacka
other traces of humanity and culture in this poem. In response, Harrison (9) argues that
the only way we can fully experience the ecstasy of the whales being free of human
oppression is by humanising them. Harrison thus follows a Kantian view on human
subjectivity, as opposed to Harman’s object-oriented reality, where we as humans can
regard objects outside of the human experience; as they exist in their concrete forms.
Lastly, the world is absolved (in its original meaning of something being
loosened) into absolute formlessness, as no one can define the elemental Spirit that
remains. Wilner’s Spirit can be interpreted as dead matter so entwined in nature that it is
impossible to separate its form from matter:

the earth has reabsorbed the dead into its elements for so many millions upon
millions of years, who can any longer tell the difference between receptacle and
contents? Take away the millennial residues that consecrate them, human or
otherwise, and our waters, forests, deserts, mountains, and clouds would lose the
spirit that moves in and across their visible natures. (Harrison 1-2)

This excerpt from The Dominion of the Dead demonstrates that nature cannot exist
without the cycle of life feeding itself. The living need the dead to thrive. Here Harrison
talks about nature interweaving the dead with the living to a point where they are
indistinguishable from each other. The form is inseparable from its matter, and since the
matter of the Spirit is transcendent, so the form dissolves into formlessness.
From a historicist point of view, Wilner undoes the humic foundations of the
world by drowning the earth in wilderness, i.e. endless oceans. The world is now
placeless, as there is no counterpoint to wilderness; no geographical anchoring for
humans through architecture or burial sites. Wilner deconstructs architecture, cultural
63

Matilda Söderbacka
institutions and established religions into mere matter without meaning. She effectively
deconstructs structure in favour of formlessness. Wilner loosens the form of all known
things, and uproots all traces of humanity. The world is now formless, as there is nothing
left to give it form.

3.5 A narratological perspective
Shifting the focus to a linguistic level, this section analyses “Reading the Bible
Backwards” from a narratological point of view, specifically concerning the transgressive
elements of the poem. “RBB” exemplifies formlessness, not only in its diluvian subject
matter but also in its transgressive narratological form and its subversion of the Christian
creation story. This, and the following section, are both examples of literary pragmatics;
of applying concepts from linguistics to literary analysis.
What, then, is transgression? The dictionary definition reads that transgression is
“passing beyond the bounds of legality or right; a violation of law, duty, or command;
disobedience, trespass, sin” (“transgression”). In other words, transgression is something
that crosses a boundary or takes a thing beyond its limit. By choosing such loaded terms,
the Oxford English Dictionary defines transgression as a negative practice; it means
taking a thing too far. Michel Foucault (35) disagrees on transgression being an inherently
negative concept, to him it simply confirms the limits of a thing. Foucault (34) argues that
transgression exists entirely on the boundary that it crosses, and that it loses its effect if
there is no limit to cross. If a thing is transgressive, it breaks the mould; it simultaneously
delineates form and crosses into formlessness.
On a narratological level, the most transgressive element of “RBB” is its overall
retrogressive temporality. To study this, the theory of the unnatural narrative proves a
useful tool. However, before defining the “unnatural” narrative, a definition of its
64

Matilda Söderbacka
antithesis, the “natural” narrative, must be given. According to Labov and Wałetsky, the
basic framework of a narrative consists of a sequence of temporally ordered clauses,
which they refer to as temporal juncture (20). They specify that temporal juncture applies
to independent clauses referring to events in the order of them happening, whereas
subordinate clauses can be situated anywhere in the narrative sequence without disturbing
the initial semantic interpretation. Elaborating further, Labov and Wałetsky (20-21)
introduce the term narrative clauses, to mean those which rely on temporal juncture to
maintain their semantic understanding of the temporal sequence. Narrative clauses do not
have to follow each other immediately in a text, but they do need to have a linear throughline for the reader or interlocutor to have a clear understanding of the sequence of events.
To contrast, according to Jan Alber (2013), the unnatural narrative defies physical
laws and accepted dimensions of logical reality, creating spaces and scenarios that could
not exist in the concrete world as we know it. “RBB” is an example of such a space and
scenario: whales are not going to swim among mountain tops as the new lords of the earth
anytime soon. Referring to the unnatural may elicit negative connotations, but I follow
Alber and Heinze’s (2) stance against the unnatural being a notion of perverseness or
deviance. “RBB” is an unnatural narrative due to its partly retrogressive temporality and
due to it going against the notion of empirical time. Empirical time is time as it is
perceived in science and experientially, i.e. the experience of linear time and time as
divided into categories, e.g. weeks, days, hours, minutes etc. (Fludernik 119). There are
of course those who dissent from this view of time. For Latour, time is not linear, rather
it is made of “spirals and reversals” (Harman 2009, p. 68). Focillon’s view of history and
time is similarly multiplex, as discussed in section 2.6.
Perhaps the best way to describe empirical time is through describing its
transgression: one example of a narrative with retrogressive temporality is Time’s Arrow
65

Matilda Söderbacka
(1991) by Martin Amis, in which time moves backwards and thus disrupts our empirical
knowledge of the flow of time (Alber and Heinze 5). Another example is Christopher
Nolan’s feature film Memento (2000) in which a man, suffering from short-term memory
loss, is trying to piece together what happened to him and his wife in a temporally twofolded narrative, where one part of the story moves backwards through time and the
second moves forward. The very same structure is found in “RBB”. The unnatural
narrative is identified through whether it could exist or not in the real world. Alber (2013)
specifies that a narrative is “never wholly unnatural”, but most often contains
recognisable or natural elements. “RBB” is certainly an example of this as it slowly
deconstructs familiar imagery and nature.
Other ways in which a narrative can be unnatural include anomalies in terms of
space, temporality, characters and narrators. Science fiction conjuring images of the never
before seen and the non-existent, serves as an example of a whole genre of unnatural
narratives. As anthropomorphising animals is a familiar literary trope, this particular
aspect of the poem does not qualify as part of its unnaturalness (cf. Alber 2013). Alber
and Heinze (2-5) offer a summary of definitions of the unnatural narrative as presented
by prominent scholars in the field. Among other things, it can refer to either experimental,
extreme or transgressive narratives that have a defamiliarizing effect, or anti-mimetic
texts, i.e. “unrealistic” texts that are not representational of real-life speech patterns and
which break Labovian narrative rules. These rules are the five basic structures that frame
a narrative: orientation, complication, evaluation, resolution, and coda (Labov and
Wałetsky 27-37).
Tense has been at the forefront of narratological studies for decades. Charles
Bally’s and Günther Müller’s theoretical approaches distinguishes between a story level
and discourse level when analysing temporality (Fludernik 117-118). The story level
66

Matilda Söderbacka
refers to the surface-level linguistic sequence of events, which are usually chronologically
ordered. This is the level at which the close reading strategies of mainstream literary
studies takes place. Applied to “RBB”, this ties into the sequential temporality of the
multiple biblical narratives and the overarching theme of the uprising of nature. The
discourse level is the sequence of words that make up the totality of the text, which allows
for non-linear temporality (Fludernik 118). In the context of “RBB”, this refers to the
relationship between stanzas and the poem’s unnatural temporality as a whole, i.e. telling
the Christian creation story backwards. In the poem, two narratives play out
simultaneously, intertwined (as matter and form are as well):

(1) Synchronic snapshots of Bible stories progressing in backward order.
(2) Diachronic narrative of nature, and specifically water, overtaking civilisation
and planet earth.

These two narrative through lines are marked by tense: (1) past tense and (2) present
tense, e.g. (1) “The child was bright in his basket” (12) and (2) “The dolphins sport in the
rising sea” (38). Within narratology, the functions and effects of tense have been studied
in-depth and found to be related to duration, chronology, sequentiality, foregrounding,
backgrounding and the expression of subjectivity (Fludernik 117). In the case of “RBB”,
tense is of particular importance for chronological and sequential ordering. The use of
tense locates the reader in the shift between two parallel temporalities moving in different
directions, allowing for synchronic glimpses of forward-moving time. Past tense is used
to paint well-known biblical scenarios as temporally sequenced narratives within a
grander retrogressive narrative as these biblical allusions occur in backwards order.

67

Matilda Söderbacka
There is a shift in tense from past to present when the first sea-dwelling creatures,
the dolphins, are introduced. This suggests that the protagonists of this story are the
animals of the sea, who not only survive the longest but thrive in this apocalyptic scenario.
These dolphins are enjoying themselves in their growing territory. Likewise, in the fifth
stanza, whales are compared to angels, which are traditionally human-shaped; they are
described as the new sacred figures of the deep: “the whales, heavy-bodied as the angels,
/ their fins like vestiges of wings, / sing some mighty epic of their own—” (64-66). The
em dash serves as a link between the fifth and sixth stanza, which details the
aforementioned epic imagined and sung by the whales. Here, whales are given the chance
to create their own history and, subsequently, culture, something which is generally
reserved for and seen as unique for the human species. The final stanza is, in fact, a
reimagining of creation from the whales’ point of view.
The second shift into present tense occurs midway through the fifth stanza with
the arresting temporal marker “Now”. This shift is further marked by a deep indentation,
almost setting it apart as a separate stanza. After this point, there is only nature, wilderness
and the sea with its giant sea creatures left, i.e. all humans and markers of culture are
eradicated. This is further supported by the use of the modal “would” throughout the
poem’s last stanza:

a great day when the ships would all withdraw,
the harpoons fail of their aim, the land
dissolve into the waters, and they would swim
among the peaks of mountains, like eagles
of the deep, while far below them, the old
nightmares of earth would settle
68

Matilda Söderbacka
into silt among the broken cities, the empty
basket of the child would float (68-75)

“Would” is a preterite modal auxiliary that refers to an uncertain or possible
future, i.e. a remote conditional construction. Modality is generally considered a marker
of mood, which influences the semantic interpretation (Huddleston and Pullum 53). Here,
“would” is used as a prediction, as there are no humans ‒ and thus no human perspective
‒ left to witness the final ascension into formlessness. In other words, since no humans
survive past the point of submersion, the definite perspective of the human reader is
extinguished. Nature does not mourn the demise of humanity, nor play according to the
rules of fairness before eradicating humans. All that is left are natural elements, which
are anthropomorphised in our stead, e.g. “the wind / moves on the rain-pocked face / of
the swollen waters” (61-63). By subverting expectations of the human reaction to the
apocalypse, i.e. “how soundlessly / it all went under” (54-55), “RBB” can be interpreted
as breaking the mould, or the form of apocalyptic narratives.
A narratological approach to “Reading the Bible Backwards” shows the poem to
be an example of an unnatural narrative due to its retrogressive temporality and its
apocalyptic and subversive subject matter. By breaking traditional narrative structure,
“RBB” is an example of linguistic formlessness.

3.6 A deictic perspective
Continuing with literary pragmatics, spatial deixis is a useful tool for analysing the
positioning of the poem within or without a human perspective, and within or without a
form. Deixis tangibly points to the relationships between the semantic components within
the text (micro-level) as well as the relationship between the text and its reader (macro69

Matilda Söderbacka
level). Recalling Levinson’s (2004, p. 97) idea of the “big black fly in the ointment”,
deixis involves the extra-linguistic world, making it suitable for literary pragmatics. A
deictic analysis is fittingly concrete, as it connects language to physical practices (Finch
50). Spatial deixis furthermore situates “Reading the Bible Backwards” on a formal level,
and by doing so the absence of form can be explored.
Spatial deixis anchors the text in a context of place. This can be done by either
content words or grammatical structures (e.g. above, into, from, down) which orient the
reader in a specific spatial environment. Every stanza of “RBB” offers examples of this
on the micro-level. The first two stanzas set the scene from an outside perspective by
using there and then switching to an inside point of view by using the verb to come, which
places the reader at the deictic centre, or origo:
(1) blood spilled there (4) [---] When the angels came (7)
(2) The three / who gathered there (21-22) [---] had not / come to adore (26-27)
Furthermore, spatial deixis paints the picture of an entangled environment with
lianas curling around an altar which is “overhung with heavy vines” (5). The angels also
hang “over the scene [beating] their rain-soaked wings against the turning sky” (9-11).
The reader is thus in the midst of the action, with a sense of weight and impending doom
hanging right over them. The second stanza contains similar content words that loom
overhead, e.g. the word “above” and imagery of falling and dripping raindrops as big and
heavy as pears, before shifting into a magnetic scene to which the animal equivalent of
the biblical Magi are drawn alongside the reader.
The following two stanzas depict non-biblical scenes and situate the reader
geographically:
(3) Somewhere north of this familiar scene / the polar caps were melting, (31-32)

70

Matilda Söderbacka
(4) On the desert’s edge where the oasis dies (42) [---] At the forest’s/edge, (4748)
In example (3), the referent is still the previous scene of the birth of Jesus Christ. Example
(4) places the reader in nature’s domain. Throughout the poem, biblical scenarios are
consistently referred to in the past tense, while the reference to the swelling of the seas
moves from the past to the present tense. This distinction between tenses places the
biblical stories in the literal past as antiquated notions and situates organic matter as the
currently active agent, echoing the vital materiality of Bennett and Latour’s actant theory.
While the poem in its form moves backwards through time, it has a temporally linear
through-line marking the literal uprising of nature.
The act of water “rising up” is another example of spatial deixis, suggesting the
point of view of a drowning humanity left below the rising seas. In the third stanza, the
melted water from the polar caps is starting to “advance”, i.e. menacingly move closer to
the reader. The waters “pull down” everything in its path, while the sea itself is “rising”.
This push and pull motion visible through spatial deixis is present throughout the poem
and replicates the sensation of waves, or perhaps more radically, of being caught in a
riptide and dragged out to sea as the final stanzas escalate the flooding of the earth.
In the final flood, the world “goes under”, which as a phrase has negative
connotations. Compare this to the phrase “how soundlessly it all came over us”. Here,
the reader is at the deictic centre, but the phrase itself is less threatening. Instead, it can
be read as either reverence or apathy. The reader is placed in the centre of the action:
“Above, more clouds poured in / and closed their ranks across the skies;” (57-58). Here,
the preposition “in” situates the reader beneath the sky but above the surface of the rising
seas. Some of the last elements of spatial deixis are glimpses into the deep as seen from
this perspective, namely “far below” (63) and “far below them” (72). The latter of these
71

Matilda Söderbacka
situate the anthropomorphised whales at the origo, suggesting that the human perspective
has been eliminated in the deluge of the previous stanza. “RBB” thus shifts from an
anthropocentric to an eco-centric point of view. However, through anthropomorphising
the whales and giving them a chance to create their own epic, and consequently their own
history, imagination and culture, “RBB” keeps an anthropocentric point of view at its
core.
On a macro, or extra-linguistic level, the deixis of the whole text refers to a
tradition or a place. Therefore it is important to study the context of the text. In the case
of Eleanor Wilner, this is postmodern poetry, following a tradition of Talmudic prophets
and ancient Chinese philosophers (Wilner 1998, back cover). Wilner’s writing displays
several traits of postmodernity, such as intertextuality, deconstruction and bricolage. The
“big black fly” of spatial deixis (Levinson 2004, p. 97) also raises the question of why
this particular poem is relevant; why this text has survived and is being discussed thirty
years after it was first published. While there is no objective answer to this question, I
believe Wilner’s work stands the test of time since it deals with classical themes in a
subversive yet elegant way. While Wilner has been awarded several honours and literary
prizes, the latest being the Robert Frost Medal (2019), her work has remained rather
anonymous to the general public and overlooked in academia. It is my personal opinion
that her work is underrated (perhaps as a result of distancing itself from the individual
and in the process losing relatability), which is one reason I chose to build my thesis
around her poem.
As previously discussed, “Reading the Bible Backwards” is timely both in terms
of its apocalyptic narrative which reverses the tragedies that mankind has done to the
earth and in its radical imagination. In Gathering the Winds, Wilner explores the radical
nature of visionary imagination, a trait which is evident in her poetry. Wilner (1975, p.
72

Matilda Söderbacka
171) refers to Frank Kermode’s use of the medieval term aevum to argue that the
apocalypse can only occur in a temporality that is simultaneously eternal and lasts only a
moment; in a moment that exists in between earthly temporality and divine eternity; in
the timeless moment that is still merely a moment in time. In “RBB”, the final spirit exists
in this transcendental space and time, this aevum. Here I would like to draw a parallel
between Wilner’s poetic imagination and Leighton’s “physics of imagination” (148).
“RBB” culminates in the paradox of a ghostly Spirit being brought to life; of form being
simultaneously concretised and absolved. This final vision is a curious mix of the
imagination of poetry, the elusiveness of transcendence and a concretisation through
physics and language.
Through reading Gathering the Winds, it becomes clear that Wilner has such a
deep familiarity with the apocalyptic tradition that it becomes part of her writing in
“RBB”. The extra-linguistic deixis or, in simpler terms, the context of “RBB” carries with
it the weight of the apocalyptic tradition. In Gathering the Winds (172), Wilner explains
the process by which an apocalyptic vision breaks down form into formlessness to be
reborn as a new social order. The very same narrative is exemplified in “RBB”, where
the oppressive human domain is eradicated in favour of the whales who are the new
carriers of culture, at least for a brief moment. Wilner furthermore states that all “genuine
apocalyptic myth unites spirit and matter” (1975, p. 171), which supports a vital
materialist reading of “RBB” that does not separate between form and matter. Moving
away from Wilner’s more straightforwardly Marxist reading of apocalyptic vision as a
collective critical movement by humans, a vital materialist reading includes actants and
vibrant matter in this collectivism.
This section has shown that analysing “Reading the Bible Backwards” with the
help of the literary pragmatic tool of spatial deixis exemplifies a gradual loss of form and
73

Matilda Söderbacka
structure. By applying the macro perspective of spatial deixis, the poem is situated in a
larger context of the apocalyptic tradition through its extra-linguistic references.

3.7 A vital materialist perspective
This section presents a vital materialist analysis of “Reading the Bible Backwards”
following in the footsteps of Latour and Bennett, whose theoretical perspectives are given
more weight than any of the other approaches to the source material. Reading Wilner’s
poem from a concrete point of view and following the tradition of vital materiality reveals
many different actants affecting their environment. Such a reading is significant because
it shows the gradual dismantling of form brought on by these actants. Thus far, my
cultural analysis has presented the modernist dichotomy of human or culture contra nature
through an ecocritical and a historicist reading of “RBB”. This is a notion which both
Latour and Bennett question, as it ignores the agency of nonhuman material and the
intersections of these two modernist dichotomies. This section shows that, in “RBB”,
Wilner loosens the traditional dichotomy between matter and form in favour of a vital
materiality.
Taking a concrete approach to a poem inevitably means looking at its language.
Language is a form which is infinitely adaptable; simultaneously lyrical yet grounded in
grammar, sound and orthography. Wilner’s language can be likened to that of W.B. Yeats,
of whom Leighton observes the following: “for him, similes and metaphors are less
figures of speech than figures of literally acted desire. Comparisons are not drawn, they
happen; likenesses are not descriptions, but events.” (Leighton 148). Likewise, similes
and metaphors in “RBB” are not simply comparisons: the first raindrops become tiny
falling silver pears, the anemones waving their tentacles become the “hair / on a drowned
gorgon’s head” (39-40), the rising water becomes the hand “reaching for the curtain” (49).
74

Matilda Söderbacka
All the material subjects in the poem have agency and act accordingly. The wind has
prophetic abilities, the sphinx shifts on her legs, angels hover in the air and the mother
sings to her child, whose wet clothes swaddle him. Although the poem mostly depicts the
vibrancy of organic material, inorganic material such as harpoons play a part as well when
they “fail of their aim” (69). Wilner combines the materiality of writing with the
imagination of apocalypse; she reimagines a story that already exists in the consciousness
of billions of people and puts it to paper. In the next chapter, the affordances of the
medium of poetry will be further explored and contrasted to the audio-visual medium of
film.
The first stanza is anchored around an architectural and religious object: the altar.
An altar is an actant as it impacts the space around it by creating a centre for worship.
This particular altar is in turn impacted by other actants, i.e. massive lianas curling and
unfurling around it. Even the colour of the lianas is ascribed agency as the “dark green /
of their leaves [...] complement the red / of blood spilled there—a kind of Christmas /
decoration” (1-4). The blood and the vines transform into a new actant: a Christmas-like
ornament. Even passive gestures such as blood being spilt can be read as an act of agency
as it is an action. This can be confusing: is any action ‒ passive or active ‒ the act of an
actant? For Latour, the answer is yes, as everything is an actant. Does a passive act then
have the same agency as an active act? Based on the common definition of agency as the
capability to act or exert power, no.
However, if we follow Bennett’s inclination to move away from the humancentred view of agency in favour of a “human-nonhuman assemblage” (28) á la Deleuze
and Guattari, agency can also be prescribed to the actants within a passive event. Bennett
thus proposes a new view of agency being related to “a doing” rather than “a doer” (28).
This would mean that questions of moral responsibility and blame become more
75

Matilda Söderbacka
complicated, as the terms of agent and deed are loosened and beget a certain slipperiness.
This looseness and slipperiness can, in turn, be contrasted to its counterpart, stickiness.
In The Cultural Politics of Emotion, Sara Ahmed (2004a, p. 4) explores the notion of
stickiness, especially how emotions “stick” to bodies and how stickiness pertains to
certain objects and signs as opposed to others. In Latour’s terms, we do not find out what
caused the spillage of blood, which translations of the blood’s alliances led to it being
spilt. As this is not a thesis about free will, any ruminations on whether it was the will of
the blood all along to escape its vessel or whether the slaughter of a lamb only facilitated
this escape are irrelevant. As actants act, they do not do so out of malice or vengeance,
but simply because it is in their nature (cf. Aristotle’s teleology). It is the human reader
and Wilner’s hand who imprint meaning into her poem.
The second stanza, or the second day, sees the coming of Jesus Christ: “The child
was bright in his basket” (12). On this day, the first drops of rain start to fall “like tiny
silver pears” (20). The birth of Jesus Christ is a world-altering event in Christian belief.
Here, it is also world-altering, not because the Messiah will bring peace, but because he
is the one “whom the wind had said would spell / the end of earth as it had been” (29-30).
Jesus Christ is the tipping point for humanity: when he is born the “first big drops of rain”
(19) begin to fall. Not only does Wilner subvert the Saviour persona in a few simple lines,
she also gives the wind a prophetic role. Returning to the extract above, the fact that
Wilner calls Jesus Christ a “recurrent, awkward son” (28) is intriguingly bold. Again, she
is subverting the uniqueness of the Christian saviour, by suggesting that this Messianic
figure reappears throughout history. The expression “awkward” originally meant
something going in the wrong direction, but is today mostly associated with being
embarrassing, inconvenient or difficult to deal with (“awkward”).

76

Matilda Söderbacka
The mother’s only act is to bend over and sing to her child. Curiously, the
language in which she sings is given more space and more potency than the human
subject. It is a “liquid tongue” (16) invented to calm babies with the syllables themselves
becoming actants that drip and mix with rain. According to Harman (2009, p. 24), Latour
criticises the prominence given to language in the philosophical legacy of Kant and
Wittgenstein, instead insisting that language is simply another actant among actants.
However, considering the literary pragmatic approach presented in this thesis, the
importance of language and linguistics when it comes to literary and cultural studies
cannot be ignored.
Apart from the child and its mother, the only human-like figures in this poem are
the angels:

When the angels came, messengers like birds
but with the oiled flesh of men, they hung
over the scene with smoldering swords,
splashing the world when they beat
their rain-soaked wings against the turning sky. (7-11)

The angels carry out several different actions: they move, bring a message and hover over
the altar as they beat their wings. The swords they hold are also actants as they smolder
and splash the world. The sky itself is an actant as it turns and spills out rain. Later, these
angels “who had seemed so solid, turned / quicksilver in the rain” (59-60). The form of
the angel is thus dissolved. Likewise, the basket holding the child is an actant which
floats, is abandoned and “unraveled […] in filaments of straw, / till even that straw rotted”
(77-78). Another form is completely dissolved into formlessness. Additional humanly
77

Matilda Söderbacka
constructed actants include the sphinx, who anxiously “seems to shift / on her haunches
of stone” (43-44), ships that withdraw from the ocean and harpoons that no longer pierce
whales. Other notable actants are sand, which washes away the oasis and expands the
desert, clouds that are figuratively militarised as they “closed their ranks across the skies”
(58), and the wind which predicts the apocalypse and is the last thing left above “the rainpocked face / of the swollen waters” (62-63).
“RBB” features many more animals than it does humans, which can be interpreted
as an anti-modernist critique of the human superiority fed by Judeo-Christian ideology
and a yearning to reconnect with nature. In “Playing the Changes”, Wilner examines the
loss of the creature in our postmodern, technological age, which is evident in how plenty
of contemporary poetry and fiction depicts a turn to “an animal condition” (2000, p. 236)
positively. Wilner herself does this through reimagining the Three Wise Men as lords of
the animal kingdom:

The three
who gathered there—old kings uncrowned:
the cockroach, condor and the leopard, lords
of the cracks below the ground, the mountain
pass and the grass-grown plain—were not
adorned, did not bear gifts, had not
come to adore; they were simply drawn
to gawk at this recurrent, awkward son
whom the wind had said would spell
the end of earth as it had been (21-30)

78

Matilda Söderbacka
These animals are remarkable species that have adapted to the difficult circumstances
they live in. One might not think of a cockroach as a king, but it is undeniable that
cockroaches possess an extraordinary quality to survive and thrive in extreme conditions,
much more so than fragile humans do. These animals are lords of their dominions in
nature without much competition. They have been uncrowned by humans, discredited and
disregarded for the tenacious beings they are. The cockroach, condor and leopard do not
need to adorn themselves nor bring gifts to the child who marks the beginning of the end
of the Earth as it is known. The poetics of negativity outlined earlier posits that negative
action still suggests positive action at its core. The cockroach, condor and leopard are
actants who rule their respective domains of ground, plains and air. They have no
expectations of greatness from the baby, nevertheless they are drawn to the site.
The cracks in the earth, the mountain pass and the grassy plains are actants and
vibrant matter in their own right. All of these environments are perpetually in motion so
infinitesimally small that it is unnoticeable and in constant interaction with their
surrounding alliances. Cracks in the ground force material apart to create their own space,
or if viewed from the counter perspective, the soil is the actant that contracts and creates
vacuums. Cockroaches, insects, larvae and immeasurable amounts of microscopic
creatures contribute to this process, and to creating soil itself. Mountains are formed
through the collision of tectonic plates and are shaped by millions of years of erosion.
Grassy plains are likewise shaped by what came before, the quality of the soil and its
affordances, climate conditions and the animals it accommodates.
As the seas rise, these animal lords cannot survive. The leopard will be the first to
vanish, as the grass-grown plains are flooded. In line with the subversive quality of the
poem, the leopard is the animal that humankind values as the strongest of these. The
cockroach might outlive humans, but cannot survive the deluge of the earth. The condor
79

Matilda Söderbacka
will continue to hunt for as long as there are peaks, and after the peaks are submerged, it
will fly until it is too tired and eventually it will drown. “RBB” offers a bleak prospect
for most of the animal kingdom. However, it is not meant to imagine paradise or the
garden of Eden untouched by sin; it goes even further, to the moment of creation itself.
The child, whose arrival the wind foretells, is yet another actant. He is recurring,
awkward, draws kings to him and brings about the apocalypse. Following Latour’s
theory, this child ‒ the Christian messiah ‒ is no more an actant than any other child, but
he has stronger alliances which means he is more impactful. In the extra-linguistic world,
billions of people know his story and he has shaped the course of history in vital ways.
The birth of this child is the final straw that breaks the camel’s back and brings on the
apocalypse in “RBB”. The child meets his doom as quietly as everything else: the last
image of the child is of him sleeping at the edge of a forest. Later, only the empty,
abandoned basket where he lied, resurfaces to show his absence. Not even the messiah
survives the final flood.
Starting from the third stanza, the waters are slowly beginning to rise and swell
from the melting of the polar caps and the falling rain. The sea is the most powerful actant
in “RBB”; it is the epitome of vital materiality as it in its nature refuses to bend to anyone
attempting to mould it. It manages to submerge everything from landmarks to organic life
and “great steel cities” (37). It erases all recognisable features of the earth and dissolves
the concrete; it drowns out all noise and disintegrates both matter and form. The sea is
the hand drawing the final curtain: “the waters gather— / as if a hand were reaching for
the curtain / to drop across the glowing, lit tableau” (48-50). There is, however, another
group of actants who prosper in these conditions, namely sea-creatures. Dolphins sport
and play, anemones wave their tentacles, “giant squid lie hidden in shy tangles” (64),

80

Matilda Söderbacka
never to be detected and whales become the new angels and “eagles / of the deep” (7172).
Through the deictic shift in perspective presented in the previous section, we
notice that the final stanza is an imagined epic sung from the vantage point of the whales.
According to a traditional literary critical take, the whales are the agents that present their
radical vision of utopia where they are no longer hunted since “the ships would all
withdraw, / the harpoons fail of their aim” (68-69) and where they can move uninterrupted
as “the land [would]/ dissolve into the waters [...] they would swim / among the peaks of
mountains” (69-71). But when Bennett’s argument is followed, the whales are less like
agents and more like pieces of the assemblage, i.e. of the deed itself. The whales are
actants that pray and shoot “their jets of water skyward / in the clear conviction they’d
spill back / to ocean with their will accomplished / in the miracle of rain” (80-83), but
they could not achieve this without their alliances, e.g. water and gravity. It is uncertain
whether or not the water spills back to earth at all, given the linguistic modality of their
conviction.
There are at least two possible interpretations of the ending of “RBB”:

And the earth
Was without form and void, and darkness
Was upon the face of the deep. And
The Spirit moved upon the face of the waters. (83-86)

The first is to take the word earth literally, meaning that there is no ground, no soil, no
literal earth left; all that remains is endless oceans. If this is the case, the sea creatures are
either unscathed, living happily underneath the surface with their utopian vision realised,
81

Matilda Söderbacka
or they have vanished in an impenetrable deep darkness. Whatever Spirit is left moves on
the surface of the water. The second, and perhaps more persuasive interpretation, is the
complete dissolution of earth in its planetary sense. There is no form defined through
either positive or negative polarity. The poem (re)imagines the moment of creation, and
creation happens out of nothingness. Whether or not one believes in the Big Bang, the
notion of creation of life or form requires a blank canvas, a nothingness into which
something can be created. This is how Wilner is able to portray formlessness: by
eradicating all traces of matter and form, of life and death; to imagine a place and time
before there were such distinctions as place and time and form.
All that is left by the end is a spirit; a hollowed-out, ghostly form which has no
concrete substance. Through eradicating matter, Wilner absolves form into formlessness.
The fact that the Spirit moves “upon the face of the waters” (86) is not
anthropomorphising per se, Wilner is simply quoting The Book of Genesis to invoke an
intertextual understanding of the moment of creation, or in the context of this poem, the
moment of oblivion.
This section maps out the many different actants of Eleanor Wilner’s “Reading
the Bible Backwards”, ranging from historical and religious figures to mythic imagery
and elemental forces. All of these actants consist of matter within a form, but are
ultimately dissolved into formlessness, which loosens the bond between the old dualism
of substance and form. The poem ends on a transcendent note of vibrant matter present
in the final Spirit.

3.8 Assessing the analysis
The interdisciplinary analysis of “Reading the Bible Backwards” presented in chapter 3
offers a multitude of pathways into the apocalyptic poem. Each of the readings contribute
82

Matilda Söderbacka
with a particular perspective on how Wilner achieves formlessness on a literary and
imaginative level.
An eco-critical reading is timely in its apocalypticism and can be related to the
real-world situation of 2020. By offering nature absolution, Wilner loosens the bonds
between nature and humanity and, ultimately, between form and matter. Wilderness
functions as a symbol of utter formlessness, and wilderness takes over in “RBB”. Taking
this point further, a historicist perspective argues that the sea is the ultimate wilderness,
i.e. formlessness. It also accentuates how Wilner breaks down civilization and with it,
familiar structures and forms. These are both examples of cultural analyses that focus on
a split between human culture and non-human nature.
As for the linguistic pragmatic readings, a narratological perspective shows that
“RBB” breaks traditional narrative structure by being an unnatural narrative, and spatial
deixis also illuminates the gradual break down of form on the linguistic micro-level. In
addition, a macro spatial deictic reading situates “RBB” in the apocalyptic tradition.
Lastly, a vital materialist perspective illustrates that “RBB” is full of actants that
gradually dismantle structure in favour of formlessness. Here, the culture vs. nature
dichotomy is no longer relevant as all actants exist on an equal ontological footing. In
terms of the presented theory, the vital materialist reading carries the most weight. It also
supports a view on matter and form as inseparable: where form breaks down, matter is
dissolved. This affects both the profane and the sacred, even “the angels, who had seemed
so solid, turned / quicksilver in the rain” (59-60).
All of these readings combined illustrate how “RBB” offers a portrayal of
formlessness on the imaginative, literary level. In the next chapter, I argue that due to the
medium of poetry, formlessness can only be relative, never absolute.

83

Matilda Söderbacka

4. The materiality of poetry
This chapter delves deeper into the materiality of poetry by comparing it to the medium
of film. To do so, I discuss the different affordances and materialities of poetry and
cinema, focusing on colour, sound, and scope. Film is the most multimodal of art and
entertainment media, incorporating elements of writing, performance, sound, visuals,
colour and many types of design. A comparison between film and poetry will come to
show that poetry is much more limited, not only in its material and technical elements,
but in its scope as well. The extra-linguistic world of poetry is not as connected through
its alliances as mainstream cinema is.
While a comparison with a multimodal medium such as film may obscure any
such achievements within poetry, there is, however, a long-standing tradition of
multimodal poetry, perhaps best exemplified in the illuminated manuscripts of the Middle
Ages and William Blake’s illuminated printing. These poems are significantly shaped by
their multimodality; the illustration is as much a part of the story as the written text
(Greenblatt et al. 113). Wilner’s work, particularly “Reading the Bible Backwards”,
follows the tradition of Blake in that it is an example of a visionary (re)imagination of
creation. Indeed, Wilner’s scholarly work Gathering the Winds is built around the radical
visionary imagination of Blake, Beddoes, Yeats and Marx. While Wilner’s poems are not
multimodal in technique ‒ she is firmly a poet of the pen ‒ thematically she draws from
a multiplicity of traditions and intertextualities.
In comparison, the medium of film has concretely material origins in the form of
celluloid strips that run through the camera, capturing the images. Today, to shoot
digitally is more common and more affordable. Add to this the prevalence of computergenerated imagery (CGI), which is the result of an artist’s imagination and does not exist
in the concrete world except as binary code. Is a digital file then not material? Latour
84

Matilda Söderbacka
would argue that it is, although it is not tangible per se. After all, a digital file is created;
it occupies and moves through digital space. Questions of what constitutes as
ontologically “valid”, real and concrete will surely be of major concern following the
advancement of the technological era.

4.1 Colour
Kress and van Leeuwen (225-228) identify the use of colour as a semiotic mode of visual
communication. They argue that in a multimodal age, colour is increasingly becoming a
communicative mode in its own right, alongside speech, image, music and writing.
Colour fulfils Halliday’s metafunctional theory of semiotics; it has an ideational function,
i.e. it constructs representations of the world; an interpersonal function, meaning colour
enacts interactions with and in social purposes and relations; and a textual function, that
is, it creates larger wholes of communicative acts (Kress and van Leeuwen 228).
Following this argument, colour can thus create specific relations between actants,
represent social relations and aid social interaction as well as create cohesion in a text.
Essentially, colour functions as an actant itself.
Not only does colour represent or express certain emotions, it is “used to act on
others” (Kress and van Leeuwen 236), be it a managerial decision to use an energising
colour in a work environment or a parent wanting to calm their child. Colour can be
incorporated in virtually any form, as it is refracted light, colouring everything in the
world. On a philosophical level, even the absence of colour is a kind of colour. Since
colour can be adapted into any form, it works exceptionally well in times of
multimodality, e.g. in combination with architecture, product design, document design
and typography. Historically, colour ‒ or perhaps more accurately pigment ‒ has had a
concrete quality, as it was collected and created from different material substances, some
85

Matilda Söderbacka
rarer than others (Kress and van Leeuwen 226-227). In contemporary times, digital colour
has become the norm in the film industry and it is standard practice to colour grade each
film in post-production.
Traditionally, poetry is not regarded as a visual medium. When asked what a poem
looks like, most of us would probably think of black words typed on white paper. It can,
however, be argued that poetry ‒ and by extension, all literature ‒ treads on a visual verge
considering the concretely visible words on the page and their ability to spark the reader’s
imagination and paint pictures of the mind. The first of these ‒ the words on the page ‒
fit into a concretely materialist reading. Furthermore, much poetry plays with the
positioning of words, lines and stanzas to create a visual element to accompany the text.
Given a materialist reading, a poem can only incorporate colour through a coloured font
or background, and when doing so it is most often categorised as experimental. Following
a concrete approach, the colour itself must be used to achieve its full impact; simply
referring to it by name is not enough.
What complicates the analysis of the use of colour in poetry is how the poem
invokes a mental image and stirs the imagination. Referring to a colour to set the scene
or using colour as a metaphor is common practice in poetry, including in “Reading the
Bible Backwards”, e.g. “the dark green / of their leaves to complement the red / of blood”
(2-4). Compare this to a coloured version of the same phrase: “the dark green / of their
leaves to complement the red / of blood”. In this case, the colour is redundant; it does not
add anything but shock value. The original phrase is much more impactful, as it allows
the reader to focus on the mental image rather than be distracted by the sudden change in
font colour. Colour in poetry is not just straight-forward pigment-based material, but it
creates meaning; it is a way to describe the world, real or imaginary. Taking this loosening

86

Matilda Söderbacka
of the form of colour any further would lead into neuroscientific territory, and is thus
beyond the scope of this thesis.

4.2 Sound
There is an entire field of research devoted to the study of sound in poetry and the poetry
of sound. A sound has an initiator and a receiver, human or otherwise. Its conception is
very much tied to material reality and physiology. However, if we attempt to loosen the
form of sound, we can ask whether a melody or a voice in one’s head is a sound or not.
Again, this would move the analysis into neuroscience, which is not feasible for this
thesis. Here, I choose instead to focus on sound as an actant, and on the material aspects
of sound and its significance for storytelling in “Reading the Bible Backwards”.
“Reading the Bible Backwards” is at first thought not accompanied by any sound
at all. However, there are small, almost undetectable sounds that go into its reading, such
as the scraping of paper when turning the page or the scrolling of the mouse if reading
the poem from a computer screen. The sound of “RBB” is thus shaped by its technological
and material affordances. Taking this interpretation further, the reading of the poem is
inevitably tied to one’s reading environment. One might hear the rustle of trees if reading
outside, or the sound of traffic if in a city. Daily life becomes background noise, a canvas
for the poem. In the context of “RBB”, with its eradication of all life and form ‒ and
consequently all sound ‒ one’s reading may be positively impacted if, by the end, any
background sounds have faded into obscurity and the silence of nothingness is all that is
left. Likewise, the eradication of all life may be undercut if one’s reading experience is
interrupted by sirens or any other bothersome sound.
Other ways a poem can carry sound is by being read aloud, even if it is not
intended as a performance. A poem is often words in a familiar grammar and language
87

Matilda Söderbacka
which are shaped into a specific form, but sometimes the words are nonsensical, merely
phonetic sounds which benefit from being read out loud. Indeed, much poetry is much
better heard or spoken, as it brings out such things as rhythm and assonance that might
otherwise go unexplored. There are, of course, entire genres and massively popular
competitions of spoken word poetry, and the oral recitation of poetry is an older tradition
than writing itself. While a poem in its written form can be widely distributed and
politically impactful, so can poetry performances. This is particularly evident in
movements for civil rights and subcultures; a famous example being the Beat generation.

4.3 Scope
Just as a film consists of an edited final product, so do most poems. In the past, there was
a significant difference in the materials behind the presented work, but as technology
becomes increasingly integral in the way we live our lives, these mediums move closer
to each other. When filming on celluloid was the norm, most of the film would literally
end up on the cutting room floor before being either discarded or neatly stored away in a
film reel box. Today, “end up on the cutting room floor” is used as a metaphor for
whatever doesn’t make it into the final cut. If a film is shot digitally, most of the data ends
up either deleted or stored on a data backup somewhere. Likewise, a poem might be
revised several times before deemed ready for publication or presentation. For the past
few hundred years, these versions were usually handwritten on paper by the poet, calling
to mind Focillon’s identity of touch (111) as a prerequisite for art. Furthermore, there
being several iterations of one art piece highlights Focillon’s view of art forms as being
in constant movement. Today, working on a poem may take its form in quickly or
carefully scrawled notes on (scraps of) paper or tissue, a line or two typed into a phone
while out on errands, a voice recording or deleted lines only visible in the action log of a
88

Matilda Söderbacka
document. Sometimes, a poet’s sketches and drafts are released, often posthumously,
which gives an insight into their working process, e.g. Leonard Cohen’s The Flame
(2018). Likewise, there may be several edits of a movie released, theatrical versions and
director’s cuts being the most common. This proves that a work of art may go beyond the
scope it initially intended, even within its medium, and that there is an interest in the
process itself.
Creating and distributing a feature film is a collaborative process, while writing a
poem is usually seen as the work of a single author, no matter its level of intertextuality
and tradition. A mid-budget film involves hundreds of people, with many different
authorities and department heads in charge of their separate specialties. While it is
common practice to refer to the director of a film as the creator, this does not mean that
the efforts of the rest of the team are less valuable. Particularly regarding the materiality
of the work, the collective nature of a film production should be acknowledged.
While poetry and film share the multiplicity of creative techniques, literary and
audio-visual practices differ substantially. Kress and van Leeuwen (217) distinguish
between three types of audio-visual production technologies: (1) technologies of the hand,
in which everything is shaped by the human hand holding a variety of tools, (2)
technologies of the eye and ear, which function through recording images and sounds,
and (3) synthesizing technologies, in which material is produced digitally to a greater or
lesser extent. However, Kress and van Leeuwen (218) emphasize that the line between
these categories is faint and not necessarily clear-cut. The first of these denotes the
traditional visual arts of painting, etching, sculpture, architecture, etc. (cf. Focillon’s
identity of touch). The second category contains the recording technology popularised in
the past two centuries or so, e.g. photography, audiotape and film. These recordings show
a “more or less analogical representation” (Kress and van Leeuwen 217) of their content,
89

Matilda Söderbacka
which has traditionally been seen as objective representation. There is a common
conception that the camera does not lie, but over the past century, there has been a rising
critical awareness of the fact that those who use the camera and its images might
manipulate the truth, as they are constructing a subjective narrative. In an age of image
manipulation and uncertainty of credible sources, this is more pertinent than ever.
Kress and van Leeuwen’s (217) third category is likewise gaining importance as
technological advancements are made. Recording technologies are being superseded by
synthesizing technologies, not least in the growing popularity of computer-generated
imagery in film. CGI, which is a subdivision of visual effects (VFX), is not only being
used to create explosions or nonhuman characters such as monsters or five-hundred-yearold decrepit hobbits, but also to digitally enhance the imagery of “unspectacular” scenes
or allow virtual camera movements. One illuminating example of this can be seen in a
breakdown of David Fincher’s use of VFX in his films (kaptainkristian).
The shift from using mainly analogue recording technologies to digitally
manipulated images has philosophical consequences. Kress and van Leeuwen see this as
a continuation of the “crisis of representation” (218) which has taken place in theoretical
debate since the 1980s. The use of synthesizing technologies undermine the notions of
referentiality established through recording technologies’ “objective” representation of
the world:

‘Reference’ has given way to ‘signification’, the production, out of existing
semiotic resources, of new semiotic means, new signs, new texts, new images,
new visions, new worlds. This does not mean that representation has ceased.
Rather, the formerly naturalized relation, the identity of representation and
reference, has broken down, irreparably for the time being. A new relation is
90

Matilda Söderbacka
becoming established instead, between representation and signification. (Kress
and van Leeuwen 218)

This thesis is an example of this contemporary practice of breaking down the naturalised
relationship between representation and reference, as formlessness is intangible and de
facto unrepresentable. Formlessness, as it is presented in the primary sources, is less of a
representation and more of a signification. I follow Kress and van Leeuwen’s (219)
insistence that in an age of a synthetic mode of production critical theory must deconstruct
the combinations and context of production, with a focus on materiality.
As evidenced in section 2.6, materiality matters in classical art. Different mediums
and tools have different affordances and are thus able to create different meanings. Kress
and van Leeuwen (215) acknowledge the difficulty of separating material and meaning,
e.g. how does one separate the meaning of a musical composition from the meaning of
its performance? The importance of materiality is less straight-forwardly acknowledged
within linguistics, in which one might not make a distinction between, say, a printed text
or the same story written in ink (Kress and van Leeuwen 216). During a large part of the
twentieth century, much of mainstream linguistics treated language as an abstraction,
neglecting the material aspects of grammar, speech and writing. This trend of abstraction
made it possible to move between mediums while disregarding their distinct material
properties (Kress and van Leeuwen 216). Even something as seemingly intangible as the
sound of speech is material: uttering sounds creates changes in air pressure, in the
vibration frequency of the vocal cords and the frequency and volume of air in the vocal
tract. Changes in pitch and intonation can also change the semantic meaning, cf. tone
languages such as Cantonese, Mandarin and Igbo (Kress and van Leeuwen 226).

91

Matilda Söderbacka
For the materialist, however, “the medium of inscription changes the text” (Kress
and van Leeuwen 216). For Kress and van Leeuwen, the material expression of the text
is always significant and shapes its meaning as texts are material objects consisting of
several practices, surfaces, substances and tools of production. In terms of a feature film,
practices include combining speech, image, music and writing, the surface is a flat
(cinema) screen, the substance is a digital file full of filmed information, or in some cases,
celluloid film, and the tools of production include cameras, microphones, rigs, a large
cast of crew with designated tasks, etc. Furthermore, certain surfaces and forms of media
facilitate different readings. A film, which is typically projected on walls and cinema
screens, favours public reception, whereas a poem, routinely reproduced on pages of
paper or a computer screen, favours individual reception (Kress and van Leeuwen 219220). Naturally, different distribution media play into this as well. As technology
advances, different paths of transcoding emerge, meaning that the “surface of reception”
(Kress and van Leeuwen 220) is not necessarily the same surface on which the text was
originally produced. A photograph of a painting does not relay every detail of the
brushstrokes; a compressed audio file obscures the quality of the sound; a poem does not
have the same reach as a blockbuster with a marketing team with a hundred million dollar
budget. In Latour’s terms, a poem and a film are equally important ontologically, but the
film (usually) has stronger alliances. That is not to say that every single film is more
important than even the most known poems; it is merely a general observation of the
cultural capital of cinema.
This chapter has examined the materiality of poetry as it contrasts to the audiovisual medium of film. The material affordances reviewed are colour, sound and scope.
Taking the materiality of the poem into account, it is firmly grounded in the concreteness
of the medium, whereas the previous chapter argued that on the literary and imaginative
92

Matilda Söderbacka
plane, Wilner successfully portrays formlessness. On a concrete, material level, Wilner
cannot possibly present formlessness, since a poem inevitably has a form. “Reading the
Bible Backwards” exists in countless copies as ink on the page and as binary code in
digital files.

5. Conclusion
This thesis argues that Eleanor Wilner successfully portrays formlessness in her
reimagining of the Christian creation story, “Reading the Bible Backwards”. In this
apocalyptic poem, all traces of life are washed away in a final flood that encapsulates the
earth. “RBB” is a retelling of the Biblical creation story in reverse. Familiar forms of
cultural landmarks and religious imagery deteriorate throughout the poem and, for a brief
period, nature is offered a redemption from centuries of violence, until only a transcendent
Spirit moves “upon the face of the waters” (86). This Spirit is in its essence formless, as
a definition of transcendence shows in section 3.1. It would be appropriate for further
research to be done on the (absence of) form of the Spirit and the nature of transcendence
as it relates to formlessness.
In addition, this thesis further argues that formlessness can only be relative, not
absolute (cf. Pole 82-83). In chapter 3, I present an interdisciplinary analysis of “Reading
the Bible Backwards”, which shows that Wilner deconstructs form into formlessness on
an imaginative, literary level. I analyse the poem from five different perspectives, namely
ecocriticism, historicism, narratology, spatial deixis and vital materiality. Each of these
analyses offer a distinct way into formlessness, and their contributions are assessed in
section 3.8. In chapter 4, I anchor the poem in the materiality of the medium to argue that
it is impossible for a poem to be a concrete example of formlessness. This reflects the
two-fold, paradoxical nature of this thesis and highlights the elusive qualities of form and
93

Matilda Söderbacka
its absence. To further be able to distinguish formlessness in practice, I apply David
Pole’s (82-83) notion of form-as-structure as opposed to form-as-content. By seeing form
as a structure with tangible and observable relations, it is possible to observe
transgressions to these relations. Instances where the boundaries are bent, broken or
crossed are, in practice, examples of formlessness, e.g. a toddler’s proud scribbles that
could signify anything. However, as examined in chapter 4, anchoring a form to its
material properties inevitably gives it some form or another, so utter formlessness is not
possible according to this interpretation.
To comment on this paradox, I start by approaching formlessness through form,
following the example of a poetics of negativity. I outline the philosophical and aesthetic
history of form in sections 2.3.1 and 2.3.2, before I settle on a view of form that is plastic
and vibrant. This same vibrancy is given to matter through the vital materiality of Jane
Bennett. I use vital materiality as an umbrella term for my analysis in section 3.7, which
is influenced by theorists that align with Bennett to at least some degree, i.e. Graham
Harman’s metaphysical account of Bruno Latour and Henri Focillon’s kinetic approach
to forms and art. I follow the philosophical tradition of Spinoza and Deleuze, among
others, who oppose a Cartesian dichotomy of matter and form. To me, form and matter
should be viewed as intertwined at all times, which is supported by the scholars I have
chosen to focus on. This is how Wilner dissolves matter and form simultaneously:
because they are not separated in the first place.
At several points in the theoretical chapter I mention how, in the last 400 years of
Western philosophy, discussion has revolved around human access to things, rather than
the things themselves (Harman 2015, 00:09:46-49) following Kant’s ideas of subjective
perception. The theory of vibrant matter challenges this point of view in that it
acknowledges the agency of matter, including that of inorganic things. Vibrant matter
94

Matilda Söderbacka
dissects the traditional Cartesian and philosophically modernist dichotomies of form and
matter, human and non-human and organic and inorganic. By not making such
distinctions, a non-hierarchical vital materiality unfolds. Driving this discussion forward
is Harman’s object-oriented ontology, which offers a sceptical realist take on reality.
Harman argues that it is possible to discuss the world as it exists outside of human
perception: he insists on the integrity of the object, or to use Latour’s term, the actant.
This differs slightly from Latour, who, in turn, maintains that it is through networks
mediated by human beings, and in the actant’s relations and alliances that its agency lies.
Bennett can be interpreted to exist between these points of view: she is interested in
networks of socio-political affect, but also leans towards a Spinozan essentialist view that
allows for all actants to have a life force of sorts that is created in and through their
physical materiality.
Another important concept for this thesis is absolution as a loosening of bonds,
after its original Latin meaning of ab (off) solvere (to loosen) (“absolve”). In “RBB”,
Wilner absolves the world from sin and from existence, i.e. she loosens the grip of
humanity on nature and history. A similar loosening of concepts is present in vital
materiality through fusing the boundaries between matter and form into one entity, one
actant. Likewise, the notion of agency is opened up to include non-human subjects and
inorganic material.
Writing about formlessness is undoubtedly a challenge. Putting it to paper – or in
this specific case, typing it into a digital document – and phrasing it in words gives form
to and trivialises any absence I try to examine. But in addition to the material plane, art
also exists on the imaginative level, which is why a poem can arguably represent
formlessness through breaking down familiar structures of form and by loosening the
reader’s imagination. While vital materiality emphasizes the importance of the material,
95

Matilda Söderbacka
whether it be in art, politics or everyday life, it also argues that there is something
intangible beyond or within the material, ultimately providing a fitting path to explore
formlessness.

6. Swedish Summary – Svensk Sammanfattning
“Och jorden var öde och tom”: Den Paradoxala Formlösheten i
Eleanor Wilners ”Reading the Bible Backwards”
Denna pro gradu-avhandling utforskar formlöshetens paradoxala natur via teorin om vital
materialitet. Det är en närstudie av Eleanor Wilners dikt ”Reading the Bible Backwards”
(hädanefter ”RBB”) som är en apokalyptisk återberättelse av den kristna
skapelseberättelsen. Dikten har apokalyptiska drag i och med dess översvämningstema
som ödelägger alla mänskliga, kulturella och religiösa symboler och strukturer. Wilner
omarbetar kända tablåer ur Bibeln såsom scener ur Uppenbarelseboken, Jesu födelse,
Syndafloden och Moses flykt på Nilen. Som titeln avslöjar utspelas dessa i omvänd
ordning. Istället för en begynnelse ur intet som växer till dagens civilisation backar Wilner
från mänskligt herravälde via naturens övertag ända tillbaka tills endast en transcendental,
formlös ande återstår.
Efter introduktionen och en kort utredning av centrala begrepp tar jag avstamp i
definitioner av form både ur en filosofisk och estetisk synvinkel i sektionerna 2.3.1 och
2.3.2. Avhandlingen är paradoxal i sig eftersom jag tar en genväg genom form för att
kunna analysera dess frånvaro och eftersom att skriva om formlöshet ger formlösheten
form genom språk och materialitet. Dessutom presenterar jag i analysen flera olika
argument för att Wilner lyckas föreställa formlöshet på ett poetiskt plan, medan jag i
kapitel fyra hävdar att det är i praktiken omöjligt att föreställa formlöshet i ett materiellt
96

Matilda Söderbacka
medium såsom poesi. Jag hänvisar till David Poles uppdelning av formlöshet i absolut
formlöshet (anti-form) och relativ formlöshet (anti-struktur) när jag diskuterar denna
motsägelse. Avhandlingens slutsats är således att ”RBB” är ett exempel på relativ
formlöshet men inte absolut formlöshet.
En sista central paradox är sambandet mellan absoluta koncept såsom formlöshet
och den ursprungliga betydelsen av absolution från latinets ab och solvere, vilket kan
översättas till att lossa eller släppa på/från något. Den religiösa betydelsen av absolution
är syndaförlåtelse, dvs. att synderna lossas ifrån syndaren för att hen ska bli fri. Enligt
den ekokritiska analysen som presenteras i 3.3 förlöser Wilner naturen i ”RBB”, hon
lossar på årtusenden av mänskligt våld, vilket leder till upplösningen av det absoluta och
till omvandlingen av materia till total formlöshet. Paradoxalt nog nystar man alltså upp
gränser när man pratar om det absoluta. Denna uppluckring av gränser är återkommande
i hela avhandlingen, inte minst i fråga om sambandet mellan materia och form.
Den interdisciplinära analysen presenterar flera teoretiska infallsvinklar, varav
vital materialitet är den mest väsentliga. Vital materialitet är baserad på Jane Bennetts
idéer om levande materia, men jag kopplar den starkt samman med Graham Harmans
tolkning av Bruno Latours metafysik. Latour framhäver tingens aktörskap och den
ontologiska jämvikten hos allt som existerar. Han kallar alla entiteter för aktörer och gör
ingen skillnad på organiskt och oorganiskt material. Bennett följer här i Latours fotspår
och skiljer sig därför från andra kritiska vitalister såsom Henri Bergson och Hans Driesch.
Enligt vital materialitet är ting inte besjälade eller utrustade med en inneboende essens,
utan deras livskraftiga existens återfinns i själva materian. Denna teori avfärdar den
kartesianska dualismen, dvs. den traditionella uppdelningen av kropp och själ, eller med
andra ord, av substans och form. Vital materialitet innebär kort sagt att form och materia

97

Matilda Söderbacka
är oskiljbara och till följd av detta håller jag med om Angela Leightons uppfattning att
form är ett rörligt, dynamiskt och nyckfullt koncept som inte kan preciseras till fullo.
Innan jag övergår till analysen presenterar jag Harmans tolkning av Latours
aktörteori, Harmans egen ”gerilla metafysik” (Harman 2002, s. 11, min övers.) som
grundar sig i den spekulativa realismens yrkande på objektets integritet och betydelse
inom filosofin, och Bennetts nymaterialism. Teorikapitlet inkluderar också separata
avsnitt om konstens relation till form enligt Henri Focillon (2.6) och det lingvistiska
fenomenet rumsdeixis (2.7). Focillons fokus på att konstformer skapas av händer och
rumsdeiktiska uttryck som förankrar en text i tid och rum lägger grunden till diskussionen
i kapitel fyra om materialitetens betydelse för form och dess frånvaro.
Analyskapitlet börjar med en beskrivning av vad Leena Kaakinen kallar ”a poetics
of negativity” (125), vilket kan översättas till negativ poetik. Negativ poetik innebär att
man närmar sig innehållet ur dess motsats, t.ex. genom att beskriva något som finns kan
man få tillträde till det som inte finns. Denna avhandling använder sig följaktligen av
negativ poetik. Själva analysen är uppdelad i fem olika teoretiska infallsvinklar för att ge
en holistisk bild av formlöshet. Dessa är ekokritik (3.3), historicism (3.4), berättarteknik
(3.5), en rumsdeiktisk analys (3.6) och vital materialitet (3.7). Genom att blanda
lingvistik, filosofi och mera traditionella litteraturkritiska traditioner bildas en pragmatisk
helhetsanalys.
I avsnitt 3.3 argumenterar jag att Wilners dikt är lika högaktuell idag som när den
skrevs för trettio år sedan genom att dra paralleller till den till synes apokalyptiska
klimatkris som vi genomgår just nu. Både den ekokritiska och den historistiska analysen
uppmärksammar den traditionella uppdelningen av det mänskliga eller kulturella kontra
det naturliga och framhäver vildmark som den absoluta motpolen till det mänskliga.
Naturens kraft bryter ner allt annat i ”RBB” och till sist återstår bara den allra vildaste,
98

Matilda Söderbacka
mest otämjbara formen av natur: gränslösa hav. Inom historicismen ses hav som den
absoluta motsatsen till kultur, eftersom det är omöjligt att markera en grav till havs och
följaktligen även ogenomförbart att bygga en kultur kring det begravda.
Den berättartekniska analysen i avsnitt 3.5 fokuserar på ”RBB” som ett exempel
på ett onaturligt narrativ. Eftersom ”RBB” strider mot berättartekniska normer genom sin
retroaktiva tidslinje bryter dikten ner etablerade strukturer och uppnår därför relativ
formlöshet. Den rumsdeiktiska analysen i avsnitt 3.6 fortsätter på samma spår och ger
inblick i hur struktur och form bryts ner på mikronivå medan den rumsdeiktiska
makronivån placerar läsaren i en apokalyptisk tradition.
Den huvudsakliga analysen presenteras i avsnitt 3.7 och utgår från vital
materialitet. Jag identifierar diktens aktörer och hur de upplöses allteftersom dikten
framskrider. Enligt denna tolkning delas diktens värld inte längre in i det mänskliga
kontra det naturliga, utan allt som omnämns existerar på samma plan och alla former är
sammanbundna med materia. Avsnitt 3.8 sammanfattar analyskapitlet och klarlägger
mina argument för att Wilner lyckas föreställa formlöshet. Kapitel fyra i sin tur ger en
överblick av poesins materialitet i fråga om färg (4.1), ljud (4.2) och räckvidd (4.3). För
att betona poesins specifika materiella egenskaper jämförs det med det audiovisuella
mediet film. ”RBB” existerar i gripbar form till pappers och som elektronisk version och
är därför inte en konkret representation av formlöshet. Avhandlingen avslutas med ett
sammanfattande kapitel där jag redogör för den paradoxala formlösheten i ”Reading the
Bible Backwards”.

99

Matilda Söderbacka
Works Cited
“Absolve.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/693?redirectedFrom=absolve#eid.
Accessed 17 February 2020.

“Agency.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/3851?redirectedFrom=agency#eid.
Accessed 13 January 2020.

Ahmed, Sara. The Cultural Politics of Emotion. Edinburgh UP, 2004a.

---. “Declarations of Whiteness: The Non-Performativity of Anti-Racism.” Borderlands
e-journal, vol. 3, no. 2, 2004b,
www.borderlands.net.au/vol3no2_2004/ahmed_declarations.htm. Accessed 27
January 2020.

Alaimo, Stacy and Susan J. Hekman. Material Feminisms. Indiana UP, 2008.

Alber, Jan. “Unnatural Narrative.” the living handbook of narratology, edited by Peter
Hühn, John Pier, Wolf Schmid and Jörg Schönert, Hamburg UP, 2013,
www.lhn.uni-hamburg.de/node/104.html. Accessed 10 July 2019.

Alber, Jan and Rüdiger Heinze, editors. Unnatural Narratives - Unnatural Narratology.
De Gruyter, 2011.

100

Matilda Söderbacka
Alderton, David. Animal Grief: How Animals Mourn. Veloce, 2011.

Amis, Martin. Time’s Arrow, or The Nature of the Offense. Jonathan Cape, 1991.

“Apocalypse.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/9229?redirectedFrom=apocalypse#eid.
Accessed 13 January 2020.

“Awkward.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/13971?redirectedFrom=awkward#eid.
Accessed 17 February 2020.

Bennett, Jane. Vibrant Matter: A Political Ecology of Things. Duke UP, 2010.

The Bible. King James Version, Cambridge ed., 2019, www.kingjamesbibleonline.org.
Accessed 2 September 2019.

Burke, Edmund. “A Philosophical Enquiry Into the Sublime and Beautiful”. 2nd ed.,
edited by James T. Boulton, Routledge Classics, 2008.

Cohen, Leonard. The Flame. Edited by Robert Faggen and Alexandra Pleshoyano,
Canongate, 2018.

Crane, Tim. “Intentionalism.” Penultimate version, 2007, sasspace.sas.ac.uk/588/1/T_Crane_Intentionalism.pdf. Accessed 26 January 2020.
101

Matilda Söderbacka

Crenshaw, Kimberlé. “Demarginalizing the Intersections of Race and Sex: A Black
Feminist Critique of Antidiscrimination Doctrine, Feminist Theory and
Antiracist Politics.” The University of Chicago Legal Forum, 1989, pp. 139-167.

de Certeau, Michel. “Walking in the city.” The Cultural Studies Reader, edited by
Simon During, Routledge, 1993, pp. 151-160.

“Deixis.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/49214?redirectedFrom=deixis#eid.
Accessed 13 January 2020.

DiPiero, Thomas. “The Form of Formlessness.” Philological Quarterly, vol. 86, no. 3,
2007, pp. 205-225.

Donne, John. “Aire and Angels”. Selected Poems. Heinemann, 1966, pp. 12-13.

Donovan, Josephine. The Aesthetics of Care: On the Literary Treatment of Animals.
Bloomsbury, 2016.

“Eleanor Wilner.” The Poetry Foundation, 2020,
www.poetryfoundation.org/poets/eleanor-wilner. Accessed 22 January 2020.

Evans, Robert. “Chapter 1: The Eternal Fascist.” The War on Everyone, 2020,
www.thewaroneveryone.com. Accessed 21 January 2020.
102

Matilda Söderbacka

Finch, Jason. E.M. Forster and English Place: A Literary Topography. Åbo Akademi
UP, 2011.

Fludernik, Monika. “Chronology, Time, Tense and Experientiality in Narrative.”
Language and Literature, vol. 12, no. 2, 2003, pp. 117-134.

Focillon, Henri. The Life of Forms in Art. Translation by Charles B. Hogan and George
Kubler, Zone, 1992.

Foucault, Michel. “A Preface to Transgression.” Language, Counter-Memory, Practice:
Selected Essays and Interviews, edited by Donald F. Bouchard, Cornell UP,
1977, pp. 29-52.

Garrard, Greg. Ecocriticism. Routledge, 2005.

Harman, Graham. Prince of Networks: Bruno Latour and Metaphysics. Re.press, 2009.

---. “Objects, A Brief Description.” YouTube, 13 July 2015,
www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oOqGo3_YHA. Accessed 13 January 2020.

---. Tool-Being: Heidegger and the Metaphysics of Objects. Open Court, 2002.

Harrison, Robert Pogue. The Dominion of the Dead. Chicago UP, 2003.

103

Matilda Söderbacka
Hobsbaum, Philip. Metre, Rhythm and Verse Form. Routledge, 1996.

hooks, bell. Ain’t I a Woman? Black Women and Feminism. South End, 1981.

Huddleston, Rodney and Geoffrey K. Pullum. A Student’s Introduction to English
Grammar. Cambridge UP, 2005.

“Immanent.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/91798?redirectedFrom=immanent#eid.
Accessed 13 January 2020.

IPCC. Global Warming of 1.5°C. An IPCC Special Report on the impacts of global
warming of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse gas
emission pathways, in the context of strengthening the global response to the
threat of climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate
poverty. 2018, www.ipcc.ch/sr15. Accessed 21 January 2020.

Kaakinen, Leena. “Nothingness and Absence in the Poetry of Wisława Szymborska.”
Illuminating Darkness: Approaches to Obscurity and Nothingness in Literature,
edited by Päivi Mehtonen, Tiedekirja, 2007, pp. 125-141.

kaptainkristian. “David Fincher ‒ Invisible Details.” YouTube, 26 May 2017,
www.youtube.com/watch?v=QChWIFi8fOY. Accessed 13 January 2020.

Kenny, Anthony. A New History of Western Philosophy. Oxford UP, 2010.
104

Matilda Söderbacka

King, Barbara J. How Animals Grieve. Chicago UP, 2013a.

---. “When Animals Mourn”. Scientific American, vol. 309, no. 1, 2013b, pp. 62-67.

Kress, Gunther and Theo van Leeuwen. Reading Images: The Grammar of Visual
Design. 2nd ed., Routledge, 2006.

Labov, William and Joshua Wałetsky. “Narrative Analysis: Oral Versions of Personal
Experience.” Essays on the Verbal and Visual Arts: Proceedings of the 1966
Annual Spring Meeting of the American Ethnological Society, edited by June
Helm, Washington UP, 1967, pp. 12-44,
www.ling.upenn.edu/~wlabov/L470/NA.pdf. Accessed 22 January 2020.

Langer, Susanne K. Feeling and Form: A Theory of Art Developed From Philosophy in
a New Key. Routledge & Kegan Paul, 1953.

Lash, Scott. “Life (Vitalism).” Theory, Culture & Society, vol. 23, no. 2-3, 2006, pp.
323-349, DOI: 10.1177/0263276406062697. Accessed 11 January 2020.

Leighton, Angela. On Form: Poetry, Aestheticism, and the Legacy of a Word. Oxford
UP, 2008.

Levinson, Stephen C. “Deixis.” The Concise Encyclopedia of Pragmatics, edited by
Jakob L. Mey and R.E. Asher, Elsevier, 1998, pp. 200-204.
105

Matilda Söderbacka

---. “Deixis.” The Handbook of Pragmatics, edited by Laurence R. Horn and Gregory
Ward, Blackwell, 2004, pp. 97-121.

Lorde, Audre. Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches. Crossing, 1984.

Massey, Doreen. For Space. Sage, 2007.

Mehtonen, Päivi, editor. Illuminating Darkness: Approaches to Obscurity and
Nothingness in Literature. Helsinki: Tiedekirja, 2007.

Memento. Directed by Christopher Nolan, Summit Entertainment, 2000.

Neary, John. Something and Nothingness: the Fiction of John Updike & John Fowles.
Southern Illinois UP, 1992.

Neimanis, Astrida. Bodies of Water: Posthuman Feminist Phenomenology.
Environmental Cultures, Bloomsbury, 2016.

The Norton Anthology of English Literature, 9th ed. Edited by Stephen Greenblatt,
Carol T. Christ, Alfred David, Barbara K. Lewalski, Lawrence Lipking, George
M. Logan, Deirdre Shauna Lynch, Katharine Eisaman Maus, James Noggle,
Jahan Ramazani, Catherine Robson, James Simpson, Jon Stallworthy and Jack
Stillinger, W.W. Norton, 2012.

106

Matilda Söderbacka
Pole, David. Aesthetics, Form and Emotion. Edited by George Roberts, Duckworth,
1983.

PR Newswire. “Wildfires report, drawn from California's historic fires in 2017 and
2018, shares insights to help reduce future losses.” Zurich North America, 22
January 2020, www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wildfires-report-drawnfrom-californias-historic-fires-in-2017-and-2018-shares-insights-to-help-reducefuture-losses-300990876.html. Accessed 23 January 2020.

“Redemption.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/160259?redirectedFrom=redemption#eid..
Accessed 13 January 2020.

Robert, Stéphane. “Deictic Space in Wolof: Discourse, Syntax and the Importance of
Absence.” Space in Languages: Linguistic Systems and Cognitive Categories,
edited by Maya Hickmann and Stéphane Robert, John Benjamins, 2006, pp.
155-174.

Robertson, Teresa and Philip Atkins. “Essential vs. Accidental Properties”, The
Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy (Spring 2018 Edition), Edward N.
Zalta (ed.), plato.stanford.edu/archives/spr2018/entries/essential-accidental/.
Accessed 12 February 2020.

Sartre, Jean-Paul. Mallarmé, or the Poet of Nothingness. Translation by Ernest Sturm,
Pennsylvania State UP, 1991.
107

Matilda Söderbacka

Sell, Roger D. Literature as Communication: The Foundations of Mediating Criticism.
Pragmatics & Beyond New Series, John Benjamins, 2000.

Skult, Petter. The End of the World as We Know It: Theoretical Perspectives on
Apocalyptic Science Fiction. Åbo Akademi UP, 2019.

Spivak, Gayatri Chakravorty. “Can the Subaltern Speak?.” Marxism and the
Interpretation of Culture, edited by C. Nelson and L. Grossberg, Macmillan,
1988, pp. 271-313.

Sutton, Christine. “Antimatter.” The Encyclopaedia Britannica,
www.britannica.com/science/antimatter. Accessed 26 January 2020.

Svenska Bibelsällskapet, Mos 1:2, 1917 års översättning,
www.bibeln.se/las/1917/1_mos#q=1+Mos+1%3A1-50%3A26. Accessed 17
February 2020.

“Synesthaesia.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/196336?redirectedFrom=synesthesia#eid.
Accessed 13 January 2020.

Tsur, Reuven. On the Shore of Nothingness: Space, Rhythm and Semantic Structure in
Religious Poetry and Its Mystic-Secular Counterpart: A Study in Cognitive
Poetics. Imprint, 2003.
108

Matilda Söderbacka

“Transcendence.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/204607?redirectedFrom=transcendence#eid
. Accessed 13 January 2020.

“Transgression.” Oxford English Dictionary, Oxford UP, 2020, www-oedcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/view/Entry/204777?redirectedFrom=transgression#eid.
Accessed 13 January 2020.

UN. Report of the Secretary-General on the 2019 Climate Action Summit and the Way
Forward in 2020, 2019,
www.un.org/en/climatechange/assets/pdf/cas_report_11_dec.pdf. Accessed 21
January 2020.

UNEP. Emissions Gap Report 2019, 2019,
www.unenvironment.org/resources/emissions-gap-report-2019. Accessed 21
January 2020.

---. “Ten Impacts of the Australian Bushfires.” 22 January 2020,
www.unenvironment.org/news-and-stories/story/ten-impacts-australianbushfires. Accessed 23 January 2020.

West, Stephen. “Episode 57 – Kant, pt. 2 – The Actual Introduction.” Philosophize
This!, 11 May 2015a, www.philosophizethis.org/kant-pt-2/. Accessed 13
January 2020.
109

Matilda Söderbacka

---. “Episode 63 – Kant, pt. 8 – Limitations of Knowledge.” Philosophize This!, 30 June
2015b, www.philosophizethis.org/limitations-of-knowledge/. Accessed 13
January 2020.

Wilde, Oscar. “The Critic as Artist.” The Norton Anthology of English Literature, 9th
ed., edited by Greenblatt et al., W.W Norton, 2012, pp. 1723-1732.

Wilner, Eleanor. Gathering the Winds: Visionary Imagination and Radical
Transformation of Self and Society. Johns Hopkins UP, 1975.

---. “Reading the Bible Backwards.” Reversing the Spell: New & Selected Poems.
Copper Canyon, 1998, pp. 155-157.

---. “Playing the Changes.” By Herself: Women Reclaim Poetry, edited by Molly
McQuade, Graywolf, 2000, pp. 226-251.

110

