Framework for strategising in
business ecosystems
Amanda Pettersson

Master’s Thesis
Laboratory of Industrial Management
Faculty of Science and Engineering
Åbo Akademi University
Finland 2020

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

ABSTRACT
Author:

Pettersson, Amanda (2020), “Framework for strategising in
business ecosystems”, Åbo Akademi University, Faculty of
Science and Engineering, Laboratory of Industrial
Management, Master’s Thesis

Thesis supervisor:

Ph.D. Anastasia Tsvetkova, Research Associate, Laboratory
of Industrial Management, Åbo Akademi University

Thesis advisors:

M.Sc. Joakim Sjöblom, Business Development Manager,
PBI Research Institute
M.Sc. Filip Franck, Chief Executive Officer, PBI Research
Institute
M.Sc. Yiran Chen, Doctoral student, Laboratory of
Industrial Management, Åbo Akademi University

Business ecosystems have been studied for almost 30 years, having its origin in
Moore’s theories that he developed in the early 1990’s. A business ecosystem is a
organisational structure of companies, customers, governmental institutions and other
stakeholders included in the process to improve the final value proposition for the end
user through cooperation with their competitors.
The complexity of the business ecosystem makes it difficult for a company to
comprehend it, and hence also difficult to analyse it, let alone strategise to reach a
better competitive position in it. This thesis aims to clarify the configuration of a
business ecosystem as a concept and suggests a framework to support the managerial
strategising process. The framework is a collection of familiar managerial tools
introduced in the ecosystem setting.
The framework has been assembled based on a detailed literature review and together
with interviews with business strategy consultants, a working process has been
developed.
Keywords: business ecosystem, strategy, dynamic capability, macro-economic
environment, alignment risks, competitive advantage
ii

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

ABSTRAKT
Författare:

Pettersson, Amanda (2020), “Ett ramverk för strategisk
planering i affärsekosystem”, Åbo Akademi, Fakulteten
för Naturvetenskaper och Teknik, Laboratoriet för
Industriell Ekonomi, Diplomarbete

Avhandlingshandledare: Ph.D.
Anastasia
Tsvetkova,
Projektforskare,
Laboratoriet för Industriell Ekonomi, Åbo Akademi
M.Sc. Joakim Sjöblom, Business Development Manager,
PBI Research Institute
M.Sc. Filip Franck, Verkställande Direktör, PBI
Research Institute
M.Sc. Yiran Chen, Doktorand,
Industriell Ekonomi, Åbo Akademi

Laboratoriet

för

Affärsekosystem har undersökts i 30 år, och har sitt ursprung i Moores teorier från
början av 1990-talet. Ett affärsekosystem är en struktur av organisationer så som
företag, kunder, statliga institutioner och andra intressenter som är involverade i att
förbättra det slutliga värdeerbjudandet till slutkunden genom att samarbeta med sina
konkurrenter.
Komplexiteten i affärsekosystem gör det svårt att greppa dem, och detta gör det svårt
att analysera dem. Formulering av en konkret strategi för hur man ska nå en mer
konkurrenskraftig position i ekosystemet är därmed också ytterst komplicerad. Det här
diplomarbetet strävar till att klargöra ekosystemets uppbyggnad, samt att sammanföra
ett ramverk som affärsledare kan använda i sin strategiska planering. Ramverket är en
samling av välkända ledningstekniker anpassade till ekosystemsteorierna.
Ramverket är ihopsamlat baserat på en noggrann litteraturstudie, och tillsammans med
resultaten från intervjuer med konsulter inom området, har en arbetsprocess tagits
fram.
Nyckelbegrepp: affärsekosystem, strategi, dynamisk förmåga, makroekonomisk miljö,
risker i allianser, konkurrensfördel

iii

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I would like to thank M.Sc. Filip Franck and M.Sc. Joakim Sjöblom from PBI
Research Institute for choosing me to complete this project. I am grateful for the time
they managed to give me alongside their busy schedules.
I would like to express my gratitude to Ph.D. Anastasia Tsvetkova for guiding me in
the business ecosystem labyrinth. Without her deep knowledge in the topic it would
have been impossible to even find where to enter the labyrinth. The time she invested
in reading and commenting my thesis, as well as the support she provided during the
writing process was invaluable.
Additionally, I would like to acknowledge M.Sc. Yiran Chen for her support during
the project and for the possibility for me to participate in the interviews she arranged
and held for her own dissertation. Furthermore, Professor Magnus Gustafsson deserves
an acknowledgment for helping with polishing the framework.
Moreover, I would like to thank my partner for supporting me in the emotional journey
that the thesis project has been for me. He has been an invaluable sounding board,
always present and alert when I faced a barrier I needed to conquer. I would also like
to thank my father for reading and commenting my thesis, bringing the content and the
text to a new level.

Amanda Pettersson
March 2020, Finland

iv

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Abstract ................................................................................................................... ii
Abstrakt .................................................................................................................. iii
Acknowledgements ................................................................................................. iv
Table of contents...................................................................................................... v
List of figures ........................................................................................................ vii
List of tables .......................................................................................................... vii
Abbreviations ....................................................................................................... viii
1

Introduction ....................................................................................................... 1

2

Methodology ..................................................................................................... 3

3

Literature review ............................................................................................... 5
3.1

Why business ecosystems?......................................................................... 5

3.2

Business ecosystems .................................................................................. 7

3.2.1

Definition ........................................................................................... 7

3.2.2

Different kinds of actors in business ecosystems ................................. 8

3.2.3

The business ecosystem configuration ...............................................10

3.2.4

Business ecosystem evolution ............................................................14

3.2.5

Business ecosystem driving force ......................................................17

3.2.6

Problems with working in a business ecosystem ................................17

3.3
4

Innovation ecosystems ..............................................................................19

The 3I-Framework............................................................................................20
4.1

Value creation – imagine the business ecosystem ......................................22

4.1.1

End customer needs ...........................................................................22

4.1.2

Macro environment and competitors ..................................................25

4.1.3

Company capabilities and assets ........................................................31

v

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

4.2

Amanda Pettersson

Value capturing – implement the business ecosystem................................34

4.2.1

The business ecosystem architecture ..................................................34

4.2.2

Ecosystem alignment and partnering process .....................................39

4.2.3

The role of the revenue model............................................................48

4.3

Sustaining the position – improve the business ecosystem .........................53

4.3.1

Risks and incentives ..........................................................................55

4.3.2

Dynamic capability ............................................................................58

4.3.3

Performance indicators ......................................................................66

4.4

Summary of the 3I-framework ..................................................................71

5

Conclusions ......................................................................................................72

6

Swedish summary – Strategiskt ramverk för affärsekosystem ...........................74
6.1

Introduktion ..............................................................................................74

6.2

Metodologi ...............................................................................................74

6.3

Litteraturstudie .........................................................................................75

6.4

3F-ramverket ............................................................................................76

6.5

Diskussion ................................................................................................82

7

References ........................................................................................................83

8

Appendix ..........................................................................................................88

vi

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

LIST OF FIGURES
Figure 1. The complexity degrees of a supply chain (Mentzer et al., 2001). .............. 6
Figure 2. Interdependencies and complementarities (Kapoor, 2018). .......................11
Figure 3. Framework for business ecosystem strategising (Tsvetkova et al., 2017). .16
Figure 4. The 3I framework. ...................................................................................21
Figure 5. Ecosystem activity map (Tsvetkova et al., 2017). .....................................35
Figure 6. Ecosystem Pie Model (Talmar et al., 2018). .............................................37
Figure 7. Partnering process (Crane et al., 1997). ....................................................43
Figure 8. Generic price management process (Bonnemeier et al., 2010). .................49
Figure 9. Business Ecosystem Canvas. ....................................................................71

LIST OF TABLES
Table 1. Short explanation of the components included in the EPM ........................38
Table 2. Traditional and innovative pricing models (Bonnemeier et al., 2010).........51
Table 3. How to remain flexible or find the fit for the company (collected from
Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018; Tsvetkova et al., 2017; Iansiti & Levien, 2004) ..........64

vii

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

ABBREVIATIONS

B2B (Business-to-Business)
EPM (Ecosystem Pie Model)
EVP (Ecosystem Value Proposition)
JIT (just-in-time)
MSW (municipal solid waste)
PEST (Political, Economic, Socio-cultural, Technological)
R&D (research and development)
ROI (return on investment)
SME (Small- and Medium-sized Enterprise)
TCI (Team Climate Inventory)
TEQ (toxic equivalency)
VRIO (Valuable, Rare, Imperfectly imitable, systematically used by the
Organisation)
W2E (Waste-to-Energy)

viii

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

1 INTRODUCTION
The business ecosystem is a rather novel view on how companies collaborate in order
to fulfil the customers’ needs. Moore (1993) introduced the concept to fill a gap in the
previous research. He noticed that even the largest companies highly depend on
collaboration with other actors, and that their competitiveness is not only defined by
their offering, but also by their embeddedness into a system of value propositions of
other business actors. Hence, he drew the parallel with the biological ecosystems,
where species depend on each other, and where the extinction of one species can lead
to death of a whole ecosystem. One ecosystem can also be replaced by another if the
environment changes or a new species is introduced.
After Moore made the analogy between the biological ecosystem and a business
ecosystem in 1993, the topic has been increasingly researched (Adner, 2017; Iansiti &
Levien, 2004; Kapoor, 2018; Zott & Amit, 2010). Different views on the structure of
the business ecosystem have evolved, and a number of strategising frameworks have
been developed to support managers in the strategising process in the context of
complex business ecosystems (Rong, Hu, Lin, Shi, & Guo, 2015; Talmar, Walrave,
Podoynitsyna, Holmström, & Romme, 2018; Tsvetkova, Nokelainen, Gustafsson, &
Eriksson, 2017). However, these frameworks remain mainly on a theoretical and
macro level, without a concrete process on company level to follow (Tsvetkova et al.,
2017). Managers have difficulties implementing the advice provided by researchers
since the business ecosystem is a versatile coalition without clear boundaries.
This thesis will try to fill this gap by answering the following research questions:
•

•

What data should the company collect to analyse their current and future
ecosystem as well as the company’s strategic position in the business
ecosystem?
How can the company use collected data to maintain or improve their strategic
position?

Initially, an extensive literature review on business ecosystems is carried out. The
theories are explained, clarifying the versatile nature of the business ecosystem. A
framework is then developed based on strategising tools that have been chosen
supported by business ecosystem theories.
1 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

The framework is a concrete process assembled to help managers of companies trying
to enter or initiate a business ecosystem or improve their position in their existing
business ecosystem. It should be mentioned that the process is highly iterative and
require constant follow-up on the progress. Even though the process is described as
steps followed by each other, the steps might also be more successfully completed in
a different order or even simultaneously.
Due to the short research period, the framework is conceptual. It is based on theoretical
guidelines and a retrospective analysis of a company case, which helped to refine and
improve the framework. The detailed case analysis has been, however, excluded from
the work for confidentiality reasons. Further research is needed to validate the
framework and assess its applicability in other empirical cases. The framework in this
thesis could be seen as primary guidelines or a to-do list that supports the novel
strategising process of managers interested in understanding and managing their
position in business ecosystems.

2 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

2 METHODOLOGY
Saunders, Thornhill & Lewis (2016) define research as “ . . . a process that people
undertake in a systematic way in order to find out things, thereby increasing their
knowledge” (p. 5). This thesis conducts research in order to discover how to define a
concrete process for managers that are strategising in business ecosystems. This
research is done by looking at both primary and secondary data.
It has been debated how management research can fill both the theoretical need to
methodically explain the business environment while at the same time being useful for
managers in a practical way (Saunders et al., 2016). Rousseau (2006, referred to in
(Saunders et al., 2016), pp. 7-8) tried to close this ‘research-practice gap’ by examining
research results and translating these into practical management practices. This is
called ‘evidence-based management’, and its opposite management practice is to
follow the intuition of the leader. (Saunders et al., 2016) This thesis focuses on
connecting the academic research done about business ecosystems with tools that are
well known by managers, in order to make the business ecosystem theories more
applicable for managers. In other words, this thesis is based on applied research and
therefore it contributes to the evidence-based management field.
As already mentioned, both primary and secondary data has been used in this thesis.
The primary data has been collected through interviews and brainstorming. The
secondary data has been collected through a semi-systematic literature review and case
analysis.
All research should proceed from existing knowledge that has previously been
collected about the topic. The literature review studies and organises concepts in the
existing literature. This facilitates the process of discovering areas that would require
further research. The literature review also establishes a broad understanding of the
research topic and distinguishes key concepts. The core in a literature review should
consist of articles from scholarly and/or research journals, and another source of
references is review articles. Another good source of information is books written
about the topic. (Rowley & Slack, 2004) The research process started with studying a
few renowned articles about business ecosystems. The authors of these articles refer
to other articles and books, and hence the research continued by examining those as
3 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

well. This method to find sources of information is called ‘the citation pearl growing’
(Rowley & Slack, 2004). During the reading process, constant notetaking summarised
the wide and complex literature, and concept maps were built to support the
conceptualisation of the topic.
Four interviews done with consultants working at PBI Research Institute constituted
another important source of information for this thesis. These interviews were
conducted by Ph.D. student Yiran Chen (2019) as a part of her dissertation research,
and the author of this thesis participated in these interviews as an observer. Therefore,
the questions and the answers from the interviews are excluded from this thesis, and
only some of the key takeaways are mentioned. The interviews were semi-structured
and they were conducted face-to-face and one-on-one (if excluding the observing
thesis author). These interviews were then qualitatively analysed and discussed during
brainstorming sessions with researchers in the field to conclude the output. This output
has then been used as primary data for this thesis. Due to the issues of bias, cultural
differences, reliability and generalisability that occur during semi-structured
interviews (Saunders et al., 2016), the author of this thesis has attempted to support
the statements of the interviewees with secondary material.
Some insight for the framework was also gathered through so-called practise-based
design. By reviewing PBI Research Institute’s customer cases, the thesis author gained
insight into management consultancy practices. This was supportive when formulating
the framework. A specific customer case that PBI has been working on analyses the
customer’s possibilities to enter a new geographical market, and this analysis has been
done considering the business ecosystem the company should enter when introducing
its offering in that market. This case has been closely analysed to increase the
understanding of the working process when entering a business ecosystem. However,
due to confidentiality reasons the analysis has been left out from this thesis.

4 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

3 LITERATURE REVIEW
3.1 WHY BUSINESS ECOSYSTEMS?
Due to the increasing complexity of gaining competitive advantage in today’s business
world, a new view on how different companies should strategise to sustain their
position has been developed. A single firm seldomly has all the needed capabilities
and resources to remain competitive. The business ecosystem is an alignment structure
of multilateral actors participating in the value creation process. This introduces an
opportunity to enrich the value proposition towards the customers and other end users.
(Adner, 2017; Iansiti & Levien, 2004; Moore, 1996; Talmar et al., 2018)
To emphasise the added value of the business ecosystem theory, two traditional views
on business strategising, value chain and supply chain perspectives, are presented in
this chapter. The value chain perspective views the strategising process from the focal
company’s perspective. The view defines the competitive advantage of the company
as the fit between the internal activities, performed in a sequential chain. (Kapoor,
2018) The activities are divided into two different subcategories: primary activities
and support activities. The primary activities include inbound logistics, operations,
outbound logistics, marketing and sales, and service. These are the activities producing
the value offered to the customer. The support activities in turn, as the name suggests,
are the activities supporting the primary activities. These are for example procurement,
human resource management and technology development. (Porter, 2001) Porter
(2001) has identified the need for an analysis on a higher level than the company’s
internal activities, but further discussion about the other actors in the value system and
their relationships is left out. The value chain perspective gives a micro view of the
focal company’s activities and their internal fit (Kapoor, 2018). The business
ecosystem, however, analyses the business environment from a macro view. This
provides the company with a more unified picture of all the actors they need to
collaborate with in order to achieve a competitive value proposition.
A supply chain includes the actors directly involved in the flow of inputs and outcomes
from a source to the end user. (Kapoor, 2018) There are three degrees of the supply
chain complexity: direct supply chain, extended supply chain and ultimate supply
chain. Figure 1 depicts the different supply chain complexities. Supply chain
5 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

management requires extensive consideration of the relationship between the actors in
the chain in order to achieve the ultimate goal, operational excellence. The supply
chain theory provides a roadmap for analysing the chain of several companies’ value
chains. (Mentzer et al., 2001) This is a step towards the business ecosystem from the
value chain management theory, but Kapoor (2018) explains the difference between
supply chains and business ecosystem as the lack of consideration of the
complementarities on the demand side of the focal company. The ecosystem view also
illuminates the links between stakeholders that are excluded from the supply chain,
like for example the government and the focal company’s direct competitors. Once
these indirect links are recognised, they are easier to manage (Adner, 2017).

Figure 1. The complexity degrees of a supply chain (Mentzer et al., 2001).

Graça & Camarinha-Matos (2017) have collected a list of benefits of collaboration
between companies. These include shared risks, enhanced innovation capacity, shared
social responsibility and better possibilities to maintain the market position. The shared
risks might, for example, enable SME’s to compete with large competitors. Enhanced
innovation possibilities will make the final value delivered to the customers better, and
hence locking the customer tighter to your value proposition. The shared social
responsibility will make actors in a business ecosystem to benefit from altruism. These
6 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

are only a small fraction of all the possible advantages that a company might notice
while participating in a business ecosystem, and this thesis will hopefully clarify
several benefits gained once the whole business ecosystem is analysed within a
strategising process.

3.2 BUSINESS ECOSYSTEMS
3.2.1 Definition
The concept of business ecosystem originates from the comparison of the business
world to the natural ecosystems. Business strategist James F. Moore (1993) stated the
analogy in 1993, when he tried to explain the collaboration pattern of companies that
are dependent on each other and how their managers should view their strategising
process. He pointed at the fact that in the increasingly globalised and interconnected
business world, competition is exercised among business ecosystems rather than
among individual companies, and if the managers want their companies to succeed,
this fact should not be overlooked.
According to Moore’s theory, an ecosystem consists of companies that collaborate
towards a common goal (Moore, 1993). This definition is further elaborated by Ron
Adner, as he explicates the definition of an ecosystem as “. . . the alignment structure
of the multilateral set of partners that need to interact in order for a focal value
proposition to materialize” (Adner, 2017, p. 42). The term ‘coopetition’ has also been
used to explain the ecosystem setting. (Adner, 2017; Scaringella & Radziwon, 2018)
Coopetition is a portmanteau, merging the words ‘cooperation’ and ‘competition’.
Ritala (2012) defines coopetition as the collaboration between competing firms.
The following elements are according to Adner (2017) required in a business
ecosystem for a value proposition to form:
1. actors
2. activities
3. positions and
4. links.

7 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

The actors are the entities performing the direct or indirect activities needed for the
business ecosystem value proposition to be realised. The actors are linked to each other
in various partner models and they have specific positions in the business ecosystem
alignment.
The actors can either be companies, organisations or even departments in the
companies. An actor might be part of several different ecosystems if they offer various
value propositions. They are legally independent but economically interdependent
(Talmar et al., 2018). The actors have their own strategies, but every business
ecosystem actor should adapt their strategy to the systemic strategy (Tsvetkova et al.,
2017).
Activities are the actions that the actors execute and hence contribute to the ecosystem
value proposition. An actor most probably performs several activities and having an
aligned internal activity process is one element for a company striving for competitive
advantage. (Talmar et al., 2018)
Based on the activities and the actors performing them, the actors are positioned in the
business ecosystem alignment (Talmar et al., 2018). A position of an actor might be
improved into a more stable position, or if the actor is underachieving the actor might
even loose its position, and hence be excluded from the ecosystem. (Tsvetkova et al.,
2017)
The links between the actors might include transfers of material, information, influence
and funds. (Adner, 2017) The links are strengthened by implementing a partnering
process, which increases the trust between the actors. (Crane, Felder, Thompson,
Thompson, & Sanders, 1997)

3.2.2 Different kinds of actors in business ecosystems
In Moore’s (1996) definition of the business ecosystem, the actors that are included in
the ecosystem are the focal company, customers, complementors, suppliers, owners
and other stakeholders such as investors, government agencies and regulators, as well
as the focal company’s direct competitors. All these actors may choose different
approaches on how to act in the ecosystem. Iansiti & Levien (2004) use the terms

8 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

keystones, dominators and niche players to define the differences among the strategies
that the actors may choose to apply.
Robert T. Paine introduced the term keystone species in 1969 (L. Scott Mills, Michael
E. Soulé, & Daniel F. Doak, 1993), when he noticed that there are species that are
required for remaining the stability of the ecosystem (Paine, 1969). L. Scott Mills et
al. (1993) mention two distinguishing features of the keystone species; their presence
is fateful for the balance and diversity of the ecosystem, and they are extraordinary
compared to other species in the ecosystem. These features are also mentioned by
Iansiti & Levien (2004) as the typical attributes of a keystone actor in a business
ecosystem.
Directly contrary to the keystone actors are the dominators (Iansiti & Levien, 2004).
Dominators, or invaders that they are usually called in biological context, reduce the
biodiversity and change the processes in the ecosystem (Peter M. Vitousek, Carla M.
D'Antonio, Lloyd L. Loope, & Randy Westbrooks, 1996). Iansiti & Levien (2004) note
two distinguishing features that the dominators possess compared to the keystones: the
physical size of the dominator is usually major towards the keystone’s modest presence
in the business ecosystem, and dominators are required to cover the functions in an
business ecosystem or simply to trade them off while the keystone does anything in its
power to incorporate complementing functions.
An ecological niche is the limits of where a biological species can reproduce, and the
niche contains all the required assets for a species to flourish (A Townsend Peterson,
2003). The niche player flourishes in a constrained part of the business ecosystem,
since it can focus on developing its capabilities in a protected and nourishing
environment, and so forth brings valuable knowledge into the ecosystem. This in its
turn makes the ecosystem dependent on the knowledge provided by the niche player,
and the other actors (mainly the keystone) will protect the position of the niche player.
(Iansiti & Levien, 2004)
The actor division made by Iansiti & Levien (2004) is based on the ecosystem-asaffiliation (Adner, 2017) view of the business ecosystem, which is an actor-centric
approach to describe the ecosystem. Since this thesis focuses on the activity-centric
approach, these above-mentioned actor types will not be further analysed, but for the
case of understanding the complexity of the business ecosystem, a quick presentation
9 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

of the actor types was necessary. The different actor types do however exist in any
business ecosystem, it is the point-of-view that the ecosystem analysis takes that
differs between the ecosystem-as-affiliation and ecosystem-as-structure approaches.
The two different approaches will be further discussed later in the text.

3.2.3 The business ecosystem configuration
The business ecosystem is a loose network of actors, bound together by
interdependencies and complementarities. The actors are linked together in an active
value creation chain. (Scaringella & Radziwon, 2018) The actors are interdependent,
since no single company has all the required assets and capabilities needed to produce
a complex value proposition, resulting in a need of collaboration (Talmar et al., 2018).
Due to the interdependencies that the business ecosystem is built around, the value
creation will be largely affected by bottlenecks in the value chain. These bottlenecks
and their impact on the firms should be closely analysed in the ecosystem. (Kapoor,
2018)
The interdependencies are the crucial links between the actors on the supply-side in
the ecosystem, the link between the focal company and its suppliers and customers.
The complementarities are the activities that enhance the perceived value of the
offering, usually the links on the demand-side of the value chain. (Kapoor, 2018) To
clarify the differences between the interdependencies and the complementarities, an
example from the energy industry is provided (see

Figure 2). A fossil fuel- driven power plant requires both a combustion engine and fuel
in order to be able to produce the needed power. If the power plant (i.e. the customer)
acts as the integrator; buying the engine from the engine provider and the fuel from
the fuel provider, then the fuel provider and the engine provider are complementors,
providing complementarities to each other’s offers. However, if the engine provider
acts as the integrator by, for example, offering a service to operate the engine on-site,
it takes on the responsibility to buy the fuel whenever needed. This entails that the
engine provider and the fuel producer are tied in an interdependency.

10 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Figure 2. Interdependencies and complementarities (Kapoor, 2018).
An interdependency is fairly easy to handle with traditional managing tools. Buyersupplier relationships are well managed by e.g. sales functions. The process to manage
a complementing actor is not as self-evident, though. Traditionally, companies do not
buy from nor sell anything to their complementors. For complementors to produce
synchronised offerings, collaboration between the actors is crucial. This can be
managed by, for example, mutual R&D investments. (Kapoor, 2018) To return to the
energy industry example (

Figure 2), the interdependency between the engine provider and the fuel producer (in
the case when the engine provider acts as the integrator) can be managed by e.g. setting
up a contract of decreased price on fuel when the same fuel producer has been deployed
for a long time. This gives an incentive for both actors to maintain the relationship; the
fuel producer has a long-term customer and the engine provider can lower the costs
and receive greater profit margins on the service they provide for the power plant.
When the power plant acts as the integrator, the fuel producer and the engine provider
might not be in any contact with each other. When a business ecosystem analysis is
done, the lack of relationship between these actors is noticed, and by rectifying this,
the value proposition for the customer (in this case the power plant) can be enhanced.
For example if the engine provider and the fuel producer join their forces and try to
11 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

develop a bio-based fuel that can be used in the engine, the customer could promote
itself as a green power plant, which could bring new end users and greater profits for
the power plant.
According to Jacobides, Cennamo & Gawer (2018), the complementarities can be
divided into three main groups: unique, generic and supermodular complementarities.
A unique complementarity can be either strict or specific. An example of a strict
unique complementarity would be between an app and a smart phone. The app is
useless without the smart phone, and hence, the app provider needs to develop its
offering to be applicable on the existing smart phone. Expressed in a more universal
manner,
A does not function without B,
where A and B are specific items or activities. For clarity, in the above-mentioned
case, the app is A and the smart phone is B. A specific unique complementarity could
be expressed in the same universal manner as
A is maximised with B.
The same example case could be used to explain this, but now the phone would be A
and the app would be B. A smart phone can be used without apps, but the full potential
value of the smart phone is not utilised before apps are added to it. Both strict and
specific unique complementarities can be one-way or two-way. If the complementarity
is one-way, A needs B to function, but B does not need A to function, and if it is twoway the complementarity is mutual. (Jacobides et al., 2018)
The universal description of a supermodular complementarity would be as following:
more of A increases the value of B.
Using the same example case as above, the complementarity is a supermodular when
A is the app provider and B is the smart phone. If A brings new and improved apps to
the market, the value of the smart phone for the end customer will increase further.
A generic complementarity is an asset, product or activity that is crucial for the value
proposition, but the relationship management does not require any complicated
measures. An example of a generic complementarity could be electricity or water. As
good as every production process requires these complementarities, but utilising them
12 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

brings little concern to the user, and hence, the actors bringing these complementarities
to the ecosystem can be left outside the analysis limits. (Jacobides et al., 2018)
After this description of the different complementarity types, the definition of the
business ecosystem could be updated according to Jacobides et al. (2018):
“An ecosystem is a set of actors with varying degrees
of multilateral, nongeneric complementarities that
are not fully hierarchically controlled.” (Jacobides et
al., 2018)
One of the most common critiques towards the business ecosystem theory has been
that it is unclear how to set the boundaries for the ecosystem (Adner, 2017). Jacobides
et al. (2018) have excluded every actor that provides generic complementarities to the
ecosystem. Adner (2017) has also answered the critique about the infinite web of actors
that could be included in an ecosystem in a similar way: he defines the ecosystem
around the focal value proposition and not the focal company, excluding those actors
that can be expected to remain a part of the ecosystem no matter what. While
committing an ecosystem analysis, this exclusion of the generic complementors will
make the analysis less complicated and easier to grasp.
As already mentioned, bottlenecks affect the value creation process in a business
ecosystem largely. A bottleneck is a component in the ecosystem that is of low quality
or produced slowly, hence limiting the value creation for the actors that depend on that
component. The bottlenecks can situate both downstream and upstream from the focal
company, and as Adner & Kapoor (2010) state the location of the bottleneck has
different effects on the focal company’s business. An ecosystem might contain several
bottlenecks at once and the bottlenecks might also change over time. (Hannah &
Eisenhardt, 2018; Kapoor, 2018) To clarify what is the bottleneck and its effect on the
business ecosystem, a simple example is illustrated.
Consider a shopping mall business ecosystem. The mall consists of several shops,
restaurant, cafés and other recreational services. For the mall to gain a good reputation
and hence appeal to the larger public, the services in the mall should be great. If the
shops always have trouble with their suppliers, the whole mall might suffer since these
shops underdeliver, hence making the mall look negligent. The suppliers for the
13 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

underdelivering shops are hence a downstream bottleneck for the mall. A bottleneck
in a complementing component would be, for example, if the public transport
possibilities are poor to the mall. This will limit the customers travelling to and from
the mall, making the business for the mall impossible. Once these bottlenecks have
been noticed by the mall owner while analysing the business ecosystem, it is possible
to rectify these with higher success rate than if the bottlenecks were unknown and only
a strict supply chain analysis would be done.

3.2.4 Business ecosystem evolution
The business ecosystem continuously evolves, it should be viewed as a process rather
than a snapshot of several interconnected actors (Rong et al., 2015). As Moore (1993)
explains, the business ecosystem gradually moves from a state where the actors are
unorganised and confused, towards a more structured and target-oriented state. Moore
has divided the evolution process into four stages: birth, expansion, leadership and
self-renewal or death. However, he also reminds that the transition periods are vague
and most likely will pass without noticing. (Moore, 1993)
During the birth stage, the ecosystem value proposition should be set. The work at this
stage should be done in a highly collaborative environment, in order to maximise the
value proposition. (Moore, 1993) Ethiraj (2007) reasons that the value of a system is
greater than the value of the separate components, and this reasoning theoretically also
holds for business ecosystems. Even the largest companies highly depend on
collaboration with other actors; their competitive advantage is defined by their
offering, but also by their embeddedness into a system of value propositions of other
business actors. (Moore, 1993) Companies introducing innovations to the market
strive to be the initiator in order to capture as much value as possible before the
competitors enter the market, but without analysing the other actors in the ecosystem
and their capabilities, the introduction of the innovation might fail drastically. (Adner
& Kapoor, 2010) How to analyse and tackle the mentioned challenge that might exist
in an ecosystem, will be further discussed later in the thesis (see chapter 3.2.6).
However, for this paragraph, the fact that collaboration during the birth stage is crucial,
is enough.

14 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

As the name of the next stage suggests, during the expansion stage the ecosystem
should try to expand and conquer a larger market share. Moore introduces two
important attributes that ecosystems at this stage should meet; first, they should have
an outstanding value proposition, and second, they should have the ability to fulfil the
needs of the market. The greatest challenge during this stage is to find a balance
between creating a bigger demand for the offering of the ecosystem, and at the same
time controlling the demand so that it does not overrun the ecosystem’s production
capability. (Moore, 1993) If the demand-side and supply-side of a focal company are
uneven, a bottleneck is formed in the ecosystem. This bottleneck will cause a decrease
in the productivity of the whole business ecosystem, resulting in discomforts for most
of the actors in the ecosystem. Collaboration and openness towards the other actors in
the ecosystem are important even at this stage. This challenge will also be further
discussed in chapter 3.2.6.
So far, cooperation between the ecosystem actors has been an essential criterion for
the evolution of the ecosystem. In the third stage, leadership, the ecosystem evolution
becomes slightly more complicated for the single actor; now the competition for the
leadership in the ecosystem becomes present. The actors want to have a more stable
part in a profitable ecosystem, and being a leader gives some stability, since learning
to work with a new leader requires much effort from the other companies. Hence, the
followers will enable a good leader to retain its position. To become the leader of an
ecosystem, an actor needs to create an interdependence with the ecosystem. This can
be achieved by, for example, entering a joint venture with another major actor, by
creating a package deal the ecosystem might collapse without, or by being the only
practical actor to perform a significant activity in the ecosystem. (Moore, 1993)
The self-renewal stage becomes unavoidable when new ecosystems threaten the
position of the existing one. Also, macroeconomic changes can act as a catalyst for
self-renewal of the ecosystem. There are three things an ecosystem can try to
implement in order to preserve its position: 1) slow down the emergence of the new
ecosystem, 2) introduce new innovations into the ecosystem’s offering and 3) renew
itself completely. By lobbying for or increasing marketing efforts of the existing
solution, the new ecosystem’s advancement can be slowed down. In order to introduce
new innovations, investments in R&D activities should be made. R&D investments
should, however, be carefully considered, because introduction of new activities into
15 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

the ecosystem requires actors with the capability to complete the activity. If there are
no such actors, renewing the ecosystem structure and culture might be the closest
solution. If none of these self-renewal procedures can be followed through, death of
the ecosystem is inevitable. (Moore, 1993)

Figure 3. Framework for business ecosystem strategising (Tsvetkova et al., 2017).

Self-renewal is a difficult task. Tsvetkova, Nokelainen, Gustafsson & Eriksson (2017)
have introduced a macro-level process on how to elevate the ecosystem. This process
has worked as an important source of inspiration for the framework developed in this
thesis. The process starts with analysing what the existing ecosystem looks like: who
are the involved actors and which tasks are they performing. During this stage of the
process, the future business ecosystem should also be imagined. Here it is decided how
the value creation should be realised. In the second stage, the positions of the different
actors in the existing and in the future ecosystems should be evaluated. By deciding
the positions of the actors, the share of value captured by every actor is defined. In
stage three every actor decides by themselves how they implement the ecosystem
position provided to them. This is where the single actor has most power to affect the
ecosystem and the value proposition, and by doing the right things at this stage the
actor increases its possibility to maintain its position.

16 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

3.2.5 Business ecosystem driving force
A business ecosystem can be viewed from two different perspectives: ecosystem-asaffiliation and ecosystem-as-structure (Adner, 2017). This division depends on which
attributes of a business ecosystem are critical for the analysis.
According to Adner (2017), ecosystem-as-affiliation, on the one hand, views the
ecosystem as a bundle of companies that are collaborating. Iansiti & Levien’s (2004)
description of the ecosystem as a network of actors working around the keystone
player is a good example of this view. According to this view, the focal company is
the keystone of the whole system, the actor that initiates every activity and
relationship. In the developing process of an ecosystem with this view, the existing
network of actors is the steppingstone. Every strategic decision originates from the
existing relationships between the actors, and the ecosystem is accordingly further
evolved by including new actors into the community. This view limits the thinking
process, making it difficult to think “outside the box” regarding new ways to create
value for the end user, since the value proposition is often decided by the focal
company, i.e. the keystone actor. (Adner, 2017)
Ecosystem-as-structure, on the other hand, views the ecosystem from the basis of a
common value proposition that the actors strive to fulfil (Adner, 2017). By initiating
the strategising process from the customer needs and introducing the correct actors to
achieve the goal of satisfying the customer at an unexpected level, the odds for finding
new ways for value creation are higher. Therefore, the framework developed for this
thesis also starts by looking at the customer’s, or the end user’s, intrinsic needs. The
main goal of the ecosystem collaboration is thereby defined; to centralise actors around
the value proposition that will maximise the customers’ satisfaction level.

3.2.6 Problems with working in a business ecosystem
A business ecosystem collaboration unfortunately also might limit the actors
participating in it. Barriers exist in almost every ecosystem, e.g. in the form of norms,
regulations and routines. (Tsvetkova et al., 2017) Some actors might be resistant in
changing the way they do things or whom they collaborate with, making the whole
ecosystem stagnant. Adner (2017) labels this an adoption chain risk; the risk that some
17 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

actor is unwilling to undertake the required activity. Other actors might even be unable
to perform their tasks, causing bottlenecks. This Adner (2017) labels co-innovation
risk. To be able to achieve an improvement, these barriers should be addressed by
incentivising even the most adverse actors. The terms should be negotiated so that a
win-win situation appears (Tsvetkova, 2014). Pointing on concrete data showing the
possibilities enabled by an ecosystem collaboration is an effective measure to convince
the opposing actors.
As already mentioned in chapter 3.2.3, bottlenecks limit the results achieved by a
business ecosystem. The bottlenecks constrain the value creation both upstream and
downstream (Adner & Kapoor, 2010; Kapoor, 2018). Downstream an underachieving
direct supplier might obstruct the delivery of a product or service. The upstream
bottleneck might occur, for example, if the improved technological solution of one
actor makes the solution of the complementor inadequate. For example, in the
electronic vehicle ecosystem, an improvement in the charging infrastructure would
increase the challenges for the power generators to progress at the same rate as the
demand grows (Kapoor, 2018). A business ecosystem analysis sheds light on the actors
that should be considered when an improvement possibility is investigated, pointing
at the actors or processes that might suspend the positive effects of an improvement.
This enables that the possible bottleneck components can be changed or supported to
avoid them from becoming real bottlenecks.
The interdependencies in the ecosystem bring many advantages, but they can also be
detrimental. An ecosystem is very dependent on the leader or the keystone player
(Iansiti & Levien, 2004), and if this actor makes some poor choices it can have
disruptive outcomes. For example, if the leader sustains the platform that all the actors
are dependent on in their collaboration, a decision from the leader to change the
platform might complicate the other actors’ communication, which might lead to
actors leaving the ecosystem. Hence, the leader, or the keystone player, should be
supported by the rest of the actors (Iansiti & Levien, 2004).

18 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

3.3 INNOVATION ECOSYSTEMS
The recent research in ecosystems have resulted in various concepts describing similar
phenomena. The research referred to in this thesis covers business ecosystems and
innovation ecosystems. To be able to use the theories developed under different
ecosystem terms, the difference between these terms should be clarified.
Scaringella & Radziwon (2018) have done an extensive systematic literature review
to discover how the concepts of different ecosystems deviate from each other. They
reach the conclusion that business ecosystem is an umbrella term of several
ecosystems, and innovation ecosystem is one of the subcategories of the business
ecosystem.
Innovation ecosystem differ from business ecosystem in the way the customer is
considered. According to Scaringella & Radziwon (2018), the innovation ecosystem,
on the one hand, is a network of actors bringing an innovative solution to the market,
and once they have released the innovation they try to sell it to the customer.
Additionally, the actors in an innovation ecosystem are all aware of them participating
in the ecosystem. Business ecosystems, on the other hand, proceed from the knowledge
of what value the customers require. The actors in the business ecosystem might be
included in the ecosystem without them knowing it. With these being the main
differences between the two ecosystems, the majority of the research related to
innovation ecosystems can also be applicable for the purpose of this thesis.

19 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

4 THE 3I-FRAMEWORK
In today’s complex business setting, a good understanding of all the actors affecting
your business is of ever greater importance. Competitive advantage builds on knowing
how to consolidate profitable ecosystems and understanding how to steer these into a
path of continuous improvement (Rubenstein, 2012). A business ecosystem analysis
gives a good overview of the multifaceted entity that every company is part of.
However, this complicated system might be difficult to grasp, and managers might
struggle to see where they should start their analysis and what it should include. The
framework developed in this thesis, the 3I-framework, should provide some guidelines
to these issues. The framework is a concrete process, using both familiar managerial
tools and business ecosystem theories to direct the strategising process on the right
track.
It should be mentioned that the 3I-framework should be viewed as a highly iterative
process and the process requires constant follow-up on the progress. Even though the
process is described as steps followed by each other, the steps might also be more
successfully completed in a different order or overlapping each other.

20 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Figure 4. The 3I framework.

Figure 4 shows the 3I-framework in one summarising picture. The basis for the
framework are the three evolution steps settled by Tsvetkova et al. (2017): value
creation, value capturing and maintaining the position. The value creation phase is
when the focal company and possible early partners are Imagining the ecosystem as it
will be initiated. The value capturing phase is when the planned ecosystem is
Implemented by introducing the other actors to the ecosystem and setting up a
collaborative environment. The last phase, the maintain position phase, is when the
business ecosystem is Improved through analysing the ecosystem to discover
weaknesses and rectifying these. This gives the 3I-framework: Imagine, Implement
and Improve.

21 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

This detailed chapter about the framework describes the important phases in a business
ecosystem analysis, and the order of the process steps has been carefully considered.
The order of the steps is based on the theory in the article by Tsvetkova et al. (2017)
and the framework should be rational to follow. To once again urge on the importance
of continuous improvement, it should be mentioned that the 3I-framework provides
the best results when used iteratively. The framework will be summarised in a business
ecosystem canvas. This canvas can be found on page 71 and refilling it several times
will provide the users with a comprehensive view of the ecosystem.

4.1 VALUE CREATION – IMAGINE THE BUSINESS ECOSYSTEM
Deciding how the value should be created in the business ecosystem is the first step of
the strategising process (Tsvetkova et al., 2017). In the interviews with the consultants
from PBI Research Institute it appeared that the company is unable to capture value
without a solid value proposition. (Chen, 2019) This value proposition is developed
with the steps in this following chapter.
Even though many of the tools used in the 3I-framework are company-oriented, the
supra-organisational work should not be forgotten (Tsvetkova et al., 2017).
Collaboration between the early actors in the ecosystem is of highest importance, and
regular meetings should be organised to constantly monitor how the work is
proceeding.

4.1.1 End customer needs
As mentioned in chapter 4.1, the evolution of the ecosystem starts by designing a value
proposition through identifying the goals of the ecosystem. These goals are defined by
the needs of the ecosystem actors that pay for the products or services offered by the
rest of the ecosystem (Tsvetkova et al., 2017). In order to decide what the value
proposition of the ecosystem should be, a deep understanding of the customers/end
users and their needs should be gathered. Storbacka et al. (1999, referred to in
(Hirvonen & Helander, 2001), p. 282) has argued that by understanding how the
customer creates value the supplier can find problems that the customers themselves
22 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

are unaware of. According to a consultant at PBI Research Institute, a deep
understanding of the customer’s customer is also crucial in the field of B2B, since an
effective way to formulate a value proposition could be by trying to solve the issues
of the customer’s customer (Chen, 2019).
Another important factor to consider when contemplating who the possible future
customers are, would be to think further than the traditional customer. A clear picture
of the business environment could give a hint of user segments that are left out while
thinking about the traditional customer. More about the business environment and how
to analyse it extensively will be discussed in chapter 4.1.2.
Gathering the needed information about the end user is difficult. Ulwick (2002)
implies that companies that appear to work in a customer-driven manner usually gather
their knowledge about the customers the wrong way. By asking the customers what
they want, the innovation process of the company is forgotten and ignored. Customers
answer this question by proposing solutions, but the solutions that they suggest are
based on existing solutions. It is the providing ecosystem actors’ responsibility to
identify new ways to solve the customers’ problem. To keep the innovation process as
unlimited as possible, the wanted outcome should be requested instead of the wanted
solution. This will give the business ecosystem information of what the customers
need, giving guidelines without borders for the innovation process. (Ulwick, 2002)
Ulwick (2002) has gathered a process on how to collect information about the
customer needs in a outcome-based manner. He commits carefully planned interviews
and analyses the outcome in a structured way to identify the needed innovations. The
subsequent part of this chapter will clarify Ulwick’s process, using a very simplified
and fictional example of a watering can producer:
Step 1: Break down the working process in which the product or the service of the
company is used (Ulwick, 2002). For our example, the steps are the following: the user
needs to fill the watering can with water, transport the water to the pot plant without
spilling, pour the water into the pot with a suitable flow (not too fast nor too slow,
avoiding the water from spilling over the edges of the pot but still making the watering
effective for the customer), and avoid too many refills of the watering can.

23 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Choose the interviewees by categorising the actors that are in direct contact with the
product/service (Ulwick, 2002). In our example the different categories could be, for
example, private persons (watering only a few plants per time), persons using the can
in their profession (e.g. gardeners, florists) or those concerned with the economic
issues (for example someone who buys the equipment used by city workers). Within
these categories, a diverse set of persons should be chosen for the interviews; male or
female, persons from different age groups, persons working in different conditions etc.
Make the set of interviewees as broad as possible, but still choose relevant persons,
avoiding to include opinions making the interviews difficult to analyse (Ulwick, 2002).
Step 2: Commit the interviews by constantly reminding the interviewees to continue
talking about the activities they perform instead of the technical issues. The questions
asked could be, for example, what the difficulties using the product/service are, or how
they ideally would like to perform the activity. Ensure that all the steps listed in step 1
are covered during the interview but allow the interviewee to talk freely about the
topic. The outcome should contain both the type of improvement (increase, decrease)
and the unit of the measure (e.g. time, frequency). These measurements are good to
keep in mind as possible key performance indices for future monitoring. (Ulwick,
2002)
For our watering can-example, let us pretend that one of the users tells the interviewer
that a very time-consuming matter is the need to refill the watering can constantly.
This requires a great amount of running between the water tap and the plants, which
takes time and makes the user tired. This answer opens several solution possibilities,
while if the user would have said that ‘the can is too small’, the innovation possibility
would be very limited. At this point, the interviewer rephrases the statement and
confirms it with the interviewee to avoid guesses during the analysis stage. For
example, this statement made by the user could be rephrased to ‘minimise the time it
takes to water the plants’ and ‘minimise the distance to cover by foot’.
Step 3: Now the outcomes should be organised. A successful way to organise the
outcomes would be to divide them according to the process steps decided in step 1.
(Ulwick, 2002) Going back to our example; with slight changes to the steps, making
them more general in order to keep the innovation process as limitless as possible, the
categories to divide the outcomes by could be for example: transport the water between
24 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

the water tap and the plant, pour the water in a precisely specified spot, and remember
to water the plants to keep them from drying. Looking at this collection of data, it
should be possible to see how the users measure value (Ulwick, 2002).
Step 4: Once the outcomes are organised and duplicates are removed, a quantitative
survey should be made. The customers should rate the outcomes by how important
they are and how satisfied they are with the performance of the outcome for the
moment. (Ulwick, 2002) See Ulwick’s (2002) article on page 6 for more information
on the rating system.
Step 5: This is the final step. By looking at the survey results from step 4, the outcomes
that are considered most important and are performed with least satisfaction for the
moment should be the steppingstones for the innovation process. Different customer
segments might value different features; the company can choose to satisfy them all or
limiting their offering to a few of them (resulting in losing the customer segments
whose wished outcomes are not met). The interview data can also show weaknesses in
the whole industry, opening another growth opportunity for the company. (Ulwick,
2002)
Understanding the customer needs is important when the value proposition is
formulated. After the understanding of the customer is gathered with the abovementioned process and a set of possible value propositions are defined, this thesis
suggests that the external factors should be analysed. As we will see in the following
chapter, the macro environment that the ecosystem will act within, is equally important
as the needs of the end users. How the proposed solutions fit into this environment
should be carefully evaluated for the company to gain great profits and avoid large
losses.

4.1.2 Macro environment and competitors
Rong et al. (2015) define the business environment as a space of opportunity; the space
where organisations can share their ideas and visions with each other. An
understanding of this environment can work as inspiration for how to initiate, enter or
develop the business ecosystem. Moore (1996) emphasises the importance of
managing the relationship with those that shape the society, i.e. the government or
25 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

other leading organisation. Initiating a business ecosystem will lead to social change,
and change elicit reactions, almost always from the government. Considering the
society while planning the value proposition is thus critical. Another important
variable to consider while initiating, entering or developing a business ecosystem is
what trends drive the society forward. (Moore, 1996) These trends can either expose
opportunities, as when new technology is developed, or restrict the business, as when
the regulations and customer demand are increased.
Cadle, Paul & Turner (2010) verify the importance of analysis of the macro
environment. According to them, the environment is constantly changing, and if the
organisation fails to identify these changes it risks losing its profitable position. Cadle
et al. (2010) mention two techniques to analyse the macro environment: PESTEL
analysis and Porter’s Five Forces analysis. PESTEL analysis gives an overview of the
business environment that the company needs to adjust to or change if needed, while
Porter’s Five Forces discusses the competitors that are a part of the macro
environment. These analysing techniques together provide a detailed picture of the
current business environment. (Cadle et al., 2010)
PESTEL

stands

for

Political,

Economic,

Socio-cultural,

Technological,

Environmental (or ecological) and Legal, and provides a framework for analysing the
macro environment for an organisation. The wideness of the analysis can vary, with
variations like for example:
•

PEST (Political, Economic, Socio-cultural, Technological),

•

PESTLIED (Political, Economic, Socio-cultural, Technological, Legal,
International, Environmental (or ecological) and Demographic) and

•

STEEPLE (Socio-cultural, Technological, Environmental (or ecological),
Economic, Political, Legal and Ethical). (Cadle et al., 2010)

In order to understand how to work with the framework, a worked example will be
reviewed. Song, Sun & Jin (2017) have committed a PESTEL analysis of the wasteto-energy (W2E) industry in China (only the PEST part of the example will be
discussed in this thesis in order to keep the discussion brief), and the following topics
were considered in their analysis:

26 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Political:
Industrial policies: The government of China has attempted to incentivise privateowned companies to participate in the W2E industry by standardising the prices of
public products and services, imposing capital injections, offering investment
subsidies, low-interest loans and tax cuts, and removing regional blocks and industrial
monopolies. Municipalities have been encouraged to treat their municipal solid waste
(MSW) by combustion. (Song et al., 2017) All these factors are in favour of a W2E
industry.
Economic policies: The economic polices employed by the Chinese government
included taxation benefits, preferential power prices, purchase commitments and
supportive policies for construction. Actors pre-treating the MSW or using MSW as
fuel in their power plant have been promised favourable value-added taxes (VAT),
sales taxes and income taxes. W2E power plants using less than 20% conventional
energy got subsidised power prices. Grid enterprises should strive to buy their gridconnected power from renewable energy power plants. W2E plants should be
prioritised for infrastructure bank loans, and new MSW treatment facilities should be
provided with the needed land for construction. (Song et al., 2017) Even these policies
support the W2E industry.
Technological policies: The technological policies mainly consist of requirements: the
construction and operation of the furnaces should meet industry standards, the actual
volume of MSW used in the plant should not be below 90% of the designed value and
the facilities should be equipped with automatic solutions for feeding of the fuel. The
site should not be established closer to another building than 300 m. The dioxin
emissions should be kept lower than 0.1 ng TEQ/m3 (TEQ = toxic equivalency). Apart
from these restrictions, the Chinese government has promoted R&D investments for
W2E incineration technologies. (Song et al., 2017)
Song, Sun & Jin (2017) have identified issues that still should be improved by the
Chinese government in order to improve the business environment for enterprises
entering the W2E industry in China: The supervision is weak, lacking clear provisions
and mechanisms on how to and who should carry out the supervision. The obligations
and rights of the private actors are unclear, the MSW supply information provided by

27 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

the government has been inaccurate and the decision-making processes are slow.
(Song et al., 2017)
To amplify what an organisation could investigate regarding the political environment,
the following list has been encapsulated:
•

Industry regulations

•

Taxation

•

Environmental regulations

•

Supportive policies

•

Technological standards

This and the following lists are far from complete and should only be considered a
starting point for the investigation.
Economic:
Different investors: The W2E incineration plants have been funded in three different
ways during time: by direct investment by the government, by state-owned enterprises
or by the private sector. Lately, the number of investors in the W2E industry has risen
to 50, and these can be divided into three categories: government-oriented enterprises,
professional investment operation enterprises and project investment operation
enterprises. All these investor categories require different agreements. The firstmentioned operate as a platform for projects built by the local government, the second
introduce technology developed by others and focus on operations management, and
the third utilises independent technology and on construction and operations
management. (Song et al., 2017)
The local economic situation: Since China is the fourth largest country in the world
(Plecher, 2019), the economic situation of the different parts of the country varies. The
majority of the existing W2E plants are in the eastern part of China, because of highly
developed economies, high population density, large amount of MSW and lack of land
area to store the MSW. (Song et al., 2017)
Investment intensity: The investors usually prefer investing in megalopolises (Beijing,
Shanghai and Guangzhou) because of their large population, highly developed
economies and large amount of MSW. In these areas it is, however, expensive to
28 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

construct the plants: imported equipment is expensive to bring here, the emission limits
are strict, the land acquisition costs and the costs for administration and supervision
are high. These factors contribute to the sky-rocketing investment intensity in the
megalopolises. In the eastern area, the government is supporting W2E projects with
relatively high subsidies, so even though the investment costs in this area also are high,
the investment intensity is lower than for the megalopolises. (Song et al., 2017)
Sources of income: In China, the main sources of income for W2E plants consist of
the subsidies handed out for MSW treatment and the grid-connected income. However,
the subsidy for MSW treatment is lower in China than in developed countries, and the
heating value of the MSW is low resulting in poor power generation and low incomes.
(Song et al., 2017)
The encapsulated list on economic factors to consider while doing a PEST-analysis
would be the following:
•

Investing models

•

Gross domestic product

•

Investment intensity

•

Income sources

•

Inflations (Wu, 2017)

•

Business cycles (Wu, 2017)

Social:
MSW classification difficulties: The urbanisation increases the difficulties in handling
the MSW in Chinese cities. This leads not only to environmental pollution, but also
human health is in danger due to the toxic and carcinogenic substances that spread out
from the waste. This leads to protests. Another issue that increase the difficulties in
handling the MSW is the insufficient classification of the MSW. The public has little
knowledge in waste sorting, and facilities for sorted waste are scarce, leading to
remixed MSW. (Song et al., 2017)
Public concern: The W2E incineration is a two-sided solution; on the one hand it can
lower greenhouse gas emissions, but on the other hand the dioxin emissions are
carcinogenic. In China, the major issue for the public is the lacking information about
the W2E plants’ flue gases and their effect on health. The plants that are open to the
29 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

public and report their emissions have managed to restore the public’s trust in the W2E
solution. China has therefore set a requirement for all W2E plants to report their
pollutant emissions by 2020. (Song et al., 2017)
To analyse the social matter, the following things could be considered:
•

Public opinion

•

Demographic changes (Cadle et al., 2010)

•

Distribution of income (Wu, 2017)

Technical:
MSW characteristics: The characteristics of the Chinese MSW is tricky, with high
moisture content and low heating value. These attributes of the MSW challenge the
technology used in the W2E incineration plants. The World Bank states that the
minimal heating value of the MSW should be 7000 kJ/kg, but the MSW in China has
a heating value that at its maximum reaches 7530 kJ/kg. This increases the
requirements for the pre-treatment of the fuel. The characteristics of the fuel in the area
should be carefully investigated before deciding which technical solution to use in the
plant. (Song et al., 2017)
Incineration techniques: The two main technologies used for W2E incineration are
grate furnaces and fluidised beds. The grate technique is developed to burn fuel with
high heating value and low moisture content and is so forth not suitable for the Chinese
MSW. Local actors have tried to develop the technique to suit the Chinese MSW, but
so far there is a large gap between the performance of local and imported furnaces; the
expected lifetime for an imported furnace is at 30 years and for a domestic only three
years. The fluidised bed can be used for fuels with lower heating value, since the
technology requires auxiliary fuels that enables a more thorough incineration. This,
however, causes problems since subsidies are only given to W2E plants that use less
than 20% coal in the incineration, and that limit unfortunately is exceeded by the
fluidised bed reactors. (Song et al., 2017) Consequently, there is no right answer
regarding which technology that should be used.
The following technological aspects could be taken into account during a PESTanalysis:

30 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

•

Quality of raw material

•

Different technological solutions

•

Technology development process (Wu, 2017)

Amanda Pettersson

Five Forces of competition
The Five Forces analysis provides a framework for assessing the competitive
environment of the focal company. To emphasise the importance of analysing the
competitive environment, Michael E. Porter (2008), the originator of the analysing
framework, is cited:
“Awareness of the five forces can help a company
understand the structure of its industry and stake out a
position that is more profitable and less vulnerable to
attack.” (Porter, 2008)
Porter analyses the competitive forces of a company with a traditional strategising lens.
The goal for a company in a business ecosystem is the same as in the traditional
industry; be more profitable and maintain the position in the ecosystem. The heart of
strategising in ecosystems is to find alignment between actors (Adner, 2017) and, by
employing the Five Forces analysis, both the interdependencies and the
complementors are evaluated. This will give a good overview of the ecosystem actors
and their alignment. Adner & Kapoor (2010) have mentioned the fact that in order for
the focal company to be able to create and capture value, it is important that all actors
in the ecosystem solve their innovation challenges (Adner & Kapoor, 2010). The Five
Forces analysis creates an overview of who some of the actors are apart from the focal
company, and how they can influence the focal company’s value proposition. The Five
Forces analysis is explained closer in the appendix.

4.1.3 Company capabilities and assets
Moore (1993) mentions the advantage achieved by recognising the capabilities and
assets of the companies, by implicating that the individual actor has bargaining power
when it has something that the ecosystem needs. A structured resource portfolio
31 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

clarifies the added value of inviting the focal company to the ecosystem. (Tsvetkova
et al., 2017) Adner (2017) notes the importance of assessing the capabilities of the
individual actors in the ecosystem to avoid the alignment risks mentioned in chapter
3.2.6, and Adner & Kapoor (2010) state that knowledge about the resources existing
in the ecosystem improve the possibility to detect bottlenecks. Adner (2017) also
points at the importance of the value, rarity and inimitability of the resources and
capabilities in order to maintain the competitive advantage. (Adner, 2017)
As Peteraf (1993, referred to in (de Bakker & Nijhof, 2002)) has noticed that the
concepts of ‘capability’ and ‘asset’ are used in various ways. To avoid confusion, a
clarification of the terms is made for the context of this thesis. The resource-based
view of the firm defines a company as a set of resources that are needed for value
creation. These resources can be divided into assets and capabilities. A capability is
the company’s ability to employ resources and organisational processes to achieve the
company’s goal. Coordination is one example of an important capability. An asset can
be both tangible and intangible, with the employees being an example of a tangible
asset and the employee’s knowledge being an example of an intangible asset. (de
Bakker & Nijhof, 2002)
Christensen (1997, referred to in (Björkdahl & Börjesson, 2012)) and Wernerfelt
(1989) have divided the capabilities into three different building blocks:
1. Resources/ fixed assets: including for example people, equipment, firmspecific investments and relationships with external partners. These resources
are simple to think about, but they add little strategic advantage since these
resources are usually limited and therefore offer little room for strategising.
2. Processes/ blueprints: activities that increase the value of the input, for example
coordination, communication, decision making, patents and reputation. These
are the resources with unlimited capacity, and they can be deployed in several
markets enabling strategising. In a business ecosystem setting, these are the
resources that bring bargaining power.
3. Values/ culture: how the decision-makers motivate their decisions and the
collective way-of-working in the company. These should be assessed in order
to be able to improve collaboration in the business ecosystem.

32 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Barney (1991) has developed a framework to help managers to assess whether their
capabilities and assets provide competitive advantage or not; similarly to Adner’s
(2017) statement, he has proved that the resources should be valuable, rare and
imperfectly imitable, and on top of that, the resources should not be substitutable. The
framework goes under the name VRIO: valuable (V), rare (R), imperfectly imitable (I)
and systematically used by the organisation (O).
Valuable resources enable a company to improve its efficiency. Such resources should
be able to harness opportunities and neutralise threats. The rarity condition comes
from the definition of competitive advantage; the company needs to have resources
that differentiate it from its competitors. The generic resources should of course not be
underestimated, but in order to achieve an advantage over the competitors some of the
resources should be unique. To maintain the rare resources, they should also be
imperfectly imitable, i.e. the competitors should not be able to obtain the resource.
Resources that are patent-protected are examples of these resources. Further, if the
resource is complex it is also difficult to imitate it. (Barney, 1991) The exploitation of
the resource in the organisation is crucial. If the resource is implemented in an
organisation process, and hence improving efficiency, it will increase the competitive
advantage. Entangled in a process, it is also increasingly difficult for the competitors
to understand the resource and hence, imitating the resource. (Cardeal & António,
2012)
The different capabilities and the definition of which resources that increase
competitive advantage for the company, should work as a framework for managers
that need to map their company’s capabilities and assets, supporting their thinking
process in order to acknowledge every critical resource. Once participating in a supraorganisational meeting regarding responsibility division in a business ecosystem, the
manager has a structured package to use as bargaining power.
Rong et al. (2015) have raised an extended level of the capabilities which are important
for network analysis: capabilities of communication and sharing, integration and
synergising, innovation and learning, and adaptation and restructuring. This
illuminates that a company working in a business ecosystem has difficulties surviving
without the important ability to cooperate. These capabilities, called dynamic
capabilities will be further discussed in chapter 4.3.2.
33 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

4.2 VALUE CAPTURING – IMPLEMENT THE BUSINESS ECOSYSTEM
So far, the ecosystem value proposition has been set and the resources existing in the
ecosystem should be known. In the value creation phase, some of the actors might have
been decided already, but some of them might still be unknown. It might also still be
unclear how the ecosystem should be structured: who will perform which tasks, with
whom should they be collaborating and how should the collaboration be actualised.
These gaps will be closed in the following subchapters. The second phase of the
business ecosystem strategising process is to increase and improve the value capturing
for the ecosystem as a whole and for the individual company as well.

4.2.1 The business ecosystem architecture
The value creation phase has defined the customer needs, the macro environment and
the actors’ capabilities and assets. Now it is time to gather these pieces together to
create a clear picture of what needs to be done and by whom to fulfil the wishes of the
customers. For this matter, Tsvetkova et al. (2017) suggest a graphical ecosystem
activity map (see Figure 5). The map will provide the ecosystem actors with a
simplified picture of how they should collaborate to fulfil the customers’ needs to the
greatest extent.

34 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Figure 5. Ecosystem activity map (Tsvetkova et al., 2017).

35 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Tsvetkova et al. (2017) propose to start the ecosystem activity mapping by adding the
ecosystem goals to the core layer of the map. These goals could, for example, be an
outline of the outcomes from Ulwick’s interview process described in chapter 4.1.1.
The following layer, the functional outputs, are the tasks that should be executed to
create a beneficial environment for the ecosystem to act in. The PESTEL analysis
could be a good framework for determining which functions should be preferred. The
competitive forces listed by executing the Five Forces analysis should also be
remembered while mapping the functional outputs. It would be of great importance to
turn competitive threats into collaborating forces or totally exclude them from the
business environment.
How the functional outputs could be reached should be mapped in the following layer
of the ecosystem activity map, the ecosystem activities layer. Mapping of these
activities will show the challenges that need to be overcome in order to complete the
alignment between the actors. Chapter 3.2.6 of this thesis discussed the different
alignment risk categories that Adner (2017) has identified during his work with
business ecosystems.
Mapping the specific ecosystem activities is supposedly easier if the actors of the
ecosystem are known. The activities can then be decided based on the actors’
capabilities and knowledge. However, it is of greatest importance not to forget the
goal, which in practice might mean that new actors are to be included to complete the
activities needed for the functional outputs of the ecosystem. Therefore, the ecosystem
activity mapping ought to be considered an iterative process, adding actors and
activities along the way during discussions.
The actors are mapped in the last and outmost layer of the ecosystem activity map, the
ecosystem actors layer. To gain a conception of which actors should be included in
the ecosystem, the supply chain could be used as a starting point. Since the supply
chain excludes complementing actors on the demand-side and other influencing actors,
e.g. the government, authorities and investors, these should be added to the ecosystem
activity map if they affect the value proposition in a non-generic manner (Adner, 2017;
Jacobides et al., 2018). Generic and non-generic complementarities have been
discussed in chapter 3.2.3.

36 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Another supportive tool for business ecosystem visualisation is the Ecosystem Pie
Model (EPM) developed by Talmar et al. (2018). Figure 6 shows an empty version of
the EPM with short descriptions of the different elements included in the visualisation
tool. This tool requires a deeper analysis of the ecosystem than the activity map and is
hence more time consuming to fill in. However, once it is thoroughly filled in it should
provide a detailed overview of the ecosystem architecture.

Figure 6. Ecosystem Pie Model (Talmar et al., 2018).

The pie segments represent different actors in the ecosystem, and the circles contain
the crucial properties of an actor in a business ecosystem. The properties are how the
actor has decided to create and capture value, which activities it is performing and with
what resources it is contributing. In the core of the pie the value proposition is
formulated. Table 1 is a simplified version of the one that can be found in the article
“Mapping, analyzing and designing innovation ecosystems: The Ecosystem Pie
Model” by Talmar et al. (2018), and it explains the different components in the EPM.
For a better description of how to use the tool the article by Talmar et al. (2018) and
their webpage (Talmar, n. d.) could be consulted.
37 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Table 1. Short explanation of the components included in the EPM
Construct

Description

Ecosystem’s value This has been decided in the previous phase of the framework
proposition (EVP)

developed for this thesis. Usually the EVP is a combination of
customer needs and requirements formed by the macro environment.

User segments

This is the end customer, the user of the deliverables of the
ecosystem. The user can also contribute actively to the ecosystem,
e.g. by providing user data to the suppliers.

Actors

These are the participants that create the value for the ecosystem and
eventually also the ones that capture the value. They are legally
independent but economically interdependent in the ecosystem. An
ecosystem

actor

should

contribute

with

non-generic

complementarity (see chapter 3.2.3)
Resources

Resources are the assets and capabilities that the actors provide to the
ecosystem. More about these in chapter 4.1.3.

Activities

Activities are the mechanisms that will realise the EVP. The
activities are performed by the individual actors, but they affect the
value creation process of the whole ecosystem.

Value addition

The value addition is the outcome of an activity that grows the profits
of the whole ecosystem.

Value capturing

Value capturing represents how the actor captures value, what kind
of value and how much value it receives from the ecosystem. This is
usually how the actor is incentivised to participate in the ecosystem.

Dependence

As discussed in chapter 3.2.6, the individual actor has different
incentives that decide how dependent the company is on the outcome
of the ecosystem. The higher the dependence of the actor, the more
effort it will put into the ecosystem.

Risks

This construct correlates with the dependence construct. If the actor
is unwilling or unable to perform its task, it is a risk factor.

38 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

4.2.2 Ecosystem alignment and partnering process
For the business ecosystem to capture the value it creates it is of great importance that
the actors performing the different activities are aligned and know what their tasks are.
They need to have a clear picture of whom they should be cooperating with and whom
they compete against. Deciding which actors should be incorporated in the ecosystem
might occur as a challenge for the management group, but one way to initialise the
collaboration is to include every actor directly involved in the major material flows
(Tsvetkova, Gustafsson, & Wikström, 2014). When these have been analysed, there
are certainly several activities that still are needed to establish the value proposition,
and these indirect actors should also be added to the ecosystem analysis (Tsvetkova et
al., 2014). The actors providing generic complementarities, actors that are expected to
stay put, should be excluded from further analysis in order to keep the ecosystem
manageable (Adner, 2017; Jacobides et al., 2018). When all the actors of the ecosystem
are defined, the partnership should be concretised. This can be managed by
implementing a partnering process.
In this subchapter different alignment strategies will be presented, and after that a
concrete partnering process is suggested. A difficult discussion that needs to be
handled in a business ecosystem environment is the question of who should capture
how much value (Tsvetkova et al., 2017). This question is therefore an important one
to mention during partnering discussions. This thesis suggests how to decide what an
equitable share is for the focal company.
Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018) have committed a profound literature review, and noticed
that the balance between cooperation and competition causes severe problems for
many ecosystem actors, complicating the value capturing for the ecosystem as a whole
and for the individual company. By conducting a study on an incipient ecosystem, they
have managed to conclude how successful companies strategise over time to find their
place in the ecosystem alignment.
The balance between cooperation and competition has been addressed in several
research articles but, according to Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018), they have a static view
on the balance over time. However, they build their theory on the existing strategising
models: system strategy and component strategy. To complement, they contribute to
the research by proposing a third model, bottleneck strategy.
39 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

A company following the system strategy, will strive to individually introduce as many
of the needed components to the ecosystem as possible. The cooperation between the
ecosystem actors will so forth be minimised, and at its extreme, the ecosystem will be
totally managed by only one company. The component strategy is implemented by a
company that enters only one component to the ecosystem while trying to maximise
the cooperation with other companies that are more capable of producing the rest of
the components. The bottleneck strategy is a mix of the previous strategies. A company
entering an ecosystem implementing this strategy will enter in a bottleneck position
(explained in chapter 3.2.3) of the ecosystem, hence the name bottleneck strategy. It
will do this by cooperating with actors that perform the complementing tasks, but at
the same time setting up barriers against competitors. (Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018)
Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018) also explain the importance of committing to one of these
strategies in order to have a consequent direction over time. In their article they have
analysed five different actors in the solar energy industry in the United States, and one
conclusion they made from this analysis was that the two actors that failed to stick to
one strategy over time were eventually unsuccessful in maintaining their business up
and running.
As mentioned above, a company following the system strategy enters the ecosystem
with a competitive approach. In the solar panel industry example in Hannah &
Eisenhardt’s article (2018) they define the five different subcategories of the
ecosystem as photovoltaic solar panels, racking, sales and design, installation and
finance. Jupiter, which is the company entering the ecosystem with a system strategy,
sees the opportunity to enter by providing a better financing model than the existing
one (the existing financing model is the bottleneck of the ecosystem in the beginning).
They also want to be as self-sufficient as possible, not having to count on other actors
to provide the other components of the ecosystem. To achieve this, they also enter the
installation and the sales and design components and, at a later stage, they also include
the panels and the racking to their offering. To have knowledge in all these components
is naturally resource-intensive, expensive and time-consuming in the beginning, but at
the same time the company becomes dynamic once the components work and can
easily keep up when the bottleneck switches to another component. Since the company
has a head start during a bottleneck switch, they might also focus on increasing the
barriers for the actors entering the component at a later stage by, for example, refusing
40 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

to provide their complementarities to the rivals or attacking the field of the rivals with
a price-cutting expansion. (Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018)
The company entering the ecosystem with a component strategy enters with a
cooperating approach. This company chooses to focus on their main knowledge and
cooperate for the other components. In Hannah & Eisenhardt’s (2018) solar panel
example, Venus is the company entering with this strategy. They entered the
ecosystem in a non-bottleneck component; they believed in their knowledge in the
sales component. Since they were unable to affect the bottleneck, they suffered while
the bottleneck was in the finance component, having difficulties finding
complementors willing to cooperate without exclusivity terms. Once the bottleneck
moved to sales, the company had an advantage, and since the component strategy
requires cooperation with other actors, they used this advantage to also help their
complementors during this time; in this case they introduced a platform where
knowledge could be shared between the complementors. This platform helped Venus
once the bottleneck again shifted to another component, this time installation. During
their prosperous time they had built strong relationships with their complementors, and
the culture of cooperation was now strong in this ecosystem. Venus managed to
succeed even though they had a slow start. (Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018)
According to Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018), there is a third strategy to follow in a
business ecosystem: the bottleneck strategy. This strategy is implemented by Saturn in
the solar panel industry example in their article. This company searches to enter
through the bottleneck component, exclusively. This focus on one component makes
the entrance into the ecosystem efficient, making the actor a predecessor. This allows
the actor to put up high barriers before rivals have time to enter the field of their
component and, at the same time, many complementing actors are eager to be a part
of the thriving ecosystem, making cooperation easy for Saturn. The disadvantages of
this strategy occur when the bottleneck shifts to another component, especially if there
are several other actors in the new field. A company following the bottleneck strategy
unfortunately needs to switch their focus into the area of the new bottleneck, and if the
competition in that area is fierce, the company will have troubles overstepping the
barriers set by the new rivals. However, if there is little competition in the new
component area, the strategy is efficient and dynamic. While the bottlenecks change
over time, Saturn turns into a company looking more like a company following the
41 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

system strategy, adding new components to the portfolio as new knowledge is
acquired. In order to stay true to the initial strategy, it is important to eliminate
components that are no longer the bottleneck components, keeping the company agile.
In order to achieve this, vast effort needs to be put into management of the company
since it is of great importance for the company not to miss a bottleneck switch.
(Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018)
Regardless of which of the above-mentioned strategies the focal company chooses to
follow, a partnering process should be followed through with all the complementing
actors. Relying on partners to provide complementing components will enable a
quicker scale-up initially (Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018). An ideal partner should have
the following attributes (Rubenstein, 2012):
•

The strategy of the partner should be complementary rather than competitive

•

The partner should be interested in change, constantly looking for new
possibilities

•

The partner preferably would only be part of one business ecosystem

Crane, Felder, Thompson, Thompson & Sanders (1997) have gathered a five-step
partnering process on a general level to help a company that enters a partnership. This
process will help the partners to understand each other better and to align their
activities in a more efficient manner.
The five steps of the process that Crane et al. (1997) have developed (see Figure 7) are
the following: 1) owner’s internal alignment, 2) partner selection, 3) alliance
alignment, 4) project alignment and 5) work process alignment. Crane et al. explain
the importance of carrying out every step of the process and tailoring the process to
suit the situation the company and the future partners are in.

42 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Figure 7. Partnering process (Crane et al., 1997).

Step 1: Owner’s internal alignment
Crane et al. (1997) suggest to initiate this phase by determining the business drivers of
the focal company. Examples of business drivers are expansion and reducing costs.
(Crane et al., 1997) These business drivers are the purpose of the company, the reason
why the company exists.
The second part of this phase should already have been completed when analysing the
company’s capabilities and assets in the value creation step of the framework collected
in this thesis. Once the company’s capabilities are mapped, the lacking resources and
capabilities needed for the end value are detected. By considering these lacking
resources, the focal company can list the competencies the partners should have.
43 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

An evaluation of the partnership should be done. The cost and added value of the
partnering process and the final partnership should be considered. How the partners
contribute to the business drivers should also be recognised. Additionally, examining
different partnership types and the level of the needed partnership is also essential.
However, these evaluations are difficult to define on a general level. (Crane et al.,
1997) Every partnership should be considered independently, creating different
evaluation models depending on how the partner contributes to the value proposition.
When it has been decided that a partnership is the most suitable option for proceeding,
the focal company should prepare by aligning for partnering within the organisation.
The company culture should be reviewed and perhaps changed, and reluctant
employees fearing their position in the company due to the partnership should be
soothed. Another addition to boost the internal alignment of the company would be to
choose an internal asset whose task would be to maintain the continuity of the
partnering process. (Crane et al., 1997)
Step 2: Partner selection
The partner selection phase should be initiated by collecting a team of members from
every department that will be affected by the partnership. Iansiti & Levien (2004) also
emphasise the importance of an interdisciplinary team, since they gather different
perspectives and experiences, and at the same time they provide the employees with
protection and inspiration needed during changes. Firstly, this interdisciplinary team
collects a list of criteria the future partner should meet based on the work done in step
1. Secondly, the team develops a list of potential partners that meet the listed
requirements to a satisfying level. When the list of potential partners is collected, the
actors should be thoroughly inspected. This is mostly done by interviews, asking
questions about company culture, business practices and ability to align business
objectives. (Crane et al., 1997)
A good strategy is to choose partners that are committed to similar business drivers.
PBI Research Institute (personal communication, December 2019) has developed a
method for monitoring a company’s strategy implementation, which includes analysis
of the customers’ and other critical stakeholders’ vision and the suitability with the
focal company’s strategy. For example, one energy technology company’s strategy
was analysed in this way. This provided them with a list of high potential customers
44 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

that had similar strategic visions as the company regarding how the energy ecosystem
should look like in the future. These customers are more likely to be receptive to the
company’s sales efforts and thereby are more likely to invest in the solutions provided
by the company.
Another good strategy would be to choose partners that are strong on their own. In
Hannah & Eisenhardt’s (2018) solar panel industry example, Saturn selects
complementors that are large in size and have a good reputation. This brings two
advantages; first, Saturn needs fewer partnerships since every complementor can
perform several tasks, which makes it possible for Saturn to focus on improving the
relationship with those actors. Second, since the complementors already have a good
reputation on their own, they can improve the overall reputation of the whole
ecosystem.
Step 3: Alliance alignment
Aligning the partners’ goals and objectives increases the understanding between the
two companies. This alignment can be achieved naturally or proactively. The proactive
approach includes team-building sessions and workshops, and additionally the
approach might appear as a separate partnership organisation or supporting of social
activities. Information sharing is crucial to maintain trust and by keeping employees
involved in the decision process, trust is further developed. Communication can be
sustained with e.g. regular meetings, newsletters and emails. (Crane et al., 1997)
Setting up a platform for information sharing is another measure to involve the actors
in the business ecosystem (Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018).
Including partner management in both parties’ strategic plans is of outmost
importance. The alignment process should be logical and go from general to specific
over time. The alliance contract should include goals and specific milestones, which
will guide the partners’ actions in the future. The progress of the alignment process
should also be monitored. The measures to monitor can be either quantitative, e.g. cost
changes or schedules, or qualitative, such as employee feedback. The alignment
process is complex, and several measures should be considered. The measures will
vary depending on the goals set for the partnership. Finally, attractive incentives
should be developed to reward progress in the partnership process. (Crane et al., 1997)

45 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Step 4: Project alignment
If the partnership is project-based the incentives to work on the relationship are lower,
and the time to develop the relationship is shorter. However, the quality of the
partnership is equally important for working together in a project as it is in an alliance.
The same success factors are included in the project alignment process as in the
alliance alignment process, but now the aim is to set objectives for one successful
project instead of several. A partnering contract will support the work during the
project, helping both parties to understand the other’s goals and success metrics. Since
the time for building the trust is so short in project-based partnerships, more resources
should be put on quicker solutions, such as sponsoring social activities or workshops.
(Crane et al., 1997)
Step 5: Work process alignment
In this phase the work processes of the partners should be reviewed. Insight should be
gathered from the whole company, from management level to the lowest level, about
their way of working in order to optimise the work processes. This optimisation leads
to higher efficiency and fewer overlapping activities. Every employee should also be
informed about the objectives for projects and long-term partnerships. When the
employees are included in the alignment process and they feel that their suggestions
are heard, their motivation for their work increases, which also might increase the
efficiency. Dispute resolution is also included in the work process alignment phase. A
formal dispute resolution process should be taught to employees at every level of the
companies in the partnership. If the disputes can be solved at an early stage, managers
will not need to interfere, which consequently will increase their time to maintain a
good relationship with the partners. (Crane et al., 1997)
One thing that differentiates a traditional partnering process from the partnering
process that should be implemented in an ecosystem is the discussion about how to
share the value made collectively. Equally important as the value creation is for the
ecosystem, is the value captured for the individual company. A company that is poorly
incentivised might be unwilling to contribute to the ecosystem (this will be further
discussed in chapter 4.3.1). The company needs to be rewarded with an equitable share
of the value created by the whole ecosystem (Tsvetkova et al., 2017). The value can
be captured both directly and indirectly through an ecosystem orchestrator. The direct
46 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

transactions tend to be instantaneous, while the indirect transactions are collected by
the orchestrator, who is in contact with the customer, that then further divides the
profits to the ecosystem actors. (Davidson, Harmer, & Marshall, 2015)
Deciding how large the equitable share is might induce disputes, and for that reason it
would be important to come to a clear agreement about how to share the profits already
at an early stage in the collaboration process. Tsvetkova et al. (2017) suggest that the
share an actor is receiving should match the contribution of the same actor. Since the
value created in an ecosystem might be both tangible and intangible, with traditional
financial profits as an example of tangible value and knowledge and reputation as
examples of intangible value (Talmar et al., 2018), there are no clear measures how to
evaluate the equitable share for every actor, but it should therefore be discussed in
detail during the partnering process. Bargaining power is important at this stage and
by having a structured portfolio with capabilities and assets that match the VRIO
requirements discussed in chapter 4.1.3, the company is able to motivate its equitable
share of the captured value (Lepak, Smith, & Taylor, 2007). A method for how to share
the value in a fair manner will be suggested in chapter 4.2.3.
Another factor differentiating the traditional partnerships from partnerships in a
business ecosystem is that in a business ecosystem even the indirect partners should
be considered. The focal company is not only in contact with its direct suppliers and
direct customers, but also complementing actors and other stakeholders, such as
governmental authorities, are important actors affecting the final value proposition.
(Moore, 1993) To form a common goal that every actor included in the ecosystem is
satisfied with, the collaboration process should be structured and clear for every
participant. A platform is an efficient way to share values with a broad range of
organisations. The platform can be defined as a set of solutions that is available to the
participants through various interfaces. The platform can be divided into two separate
components; the implementations and the interfaces. The implementations are the
technologies, tools, processes or services that are part in the solving of a problem. An
implementation is usually owned by one of the actors in the ecosystem, who then
shares it with the other members in the platform. The interfaces make the platform
accessible for every actor. The interfaces determine how the underlying
implementations are used in the ecosystem, and proper interface design is hence of
great importance. The coupling strength between the components in a platform is also
47 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

decisive: a tightly coupled interface means that the users are highly dependent on the
underlying technology, while a loose coupling enables improvements on the
technology without affecting the users in a detrimental way. (Iansiti & Levien, 2004)

4.2.3 The role of the revenue model
According to Tsvetkova, Gustafsson & Wikström (2014) the development of a supraorganisational business model builds on a deep understanding of the other ecosystem
actors’ business models. A business model constitutes of several elements, and two of
them are the core elements: value creation and value capturing. The value creation
element embraces the offering of the organisation, i.e. the value proposition. The value
capturing element embraces the revenue model of the organisation, how the
organisation earns its profits. The other important elements of a business model are
the customers, the capabilities of the organisation and the cost structure. (Tsvetkova et
al., 2014) The value proposition, the customers and the capabilities have already been
discussed in chapter 4.1, and in this subchapter the revenue model will be discussed.
Zott & Amit (2010) defines the revenue model as the method that a company employs
to enable revenue generation, and it is a part of the business model. The revenue model
could be called the pricing strategy of products and services. Zott & Amit (2010) have
stated that the business model is a large part of the focal company’s bargaining power,
and hence, their possibility to create value. To which extent the company can capture
that value depends on the revenue model it has chosen to follow.
Bonnemeier, Burianek & Reichwald (2010) have developed a generic price
management process to systematise the complex pricing process for solution
providers. Bonnemeier et al. (2010, p. 229) define a solution as “. . . a customized and
integrated combination of goods and services designed to meet customer’s specific
business needs.” A solution provider is a customer-centric actor that changes the
customers’ business models additionally to providing customised products and
services. (Bonnemeier et al., 2010) Comparing this definition of the solution provider
with the definition of a business ecosystem, similarities can be noticed, and hence the
generic price management process could be implemented in a business ecosystem
context as well. The generic price management process includes six separate steps:
48 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

pricing strategy, price analysis, price definition, internal price enforcement, external
price enforcement and price controlling (see Figure 8).

Figure 8. Generic price management process (Bonnemeier et al., 2010).

The strategic goals, or the business drivers, of the focal company should steer the
pricing strategy. For example, if a firm strives to increase their market share, the
pricing strategy should reflect that. The pricing strategy should be planned for a long
period, considering that customer requirements will evolve over time. The competitors
pricing strategies should also be considered, and clear guidelines for how to react once
the competitors cut their prices should be pre-planned. An example of a pricing
strategy is to have low initial costs on products combined with high service or
maintenance costs. This is an example of a customer life cycle-oriented pricing
method. (Bonnemeier et al., 2010) Other pricing methods are cost-based pricing,
competition-based pricing and customer value-based pricing. Research has shown that
the customer value-based pricing strategy is superior to the other strategies, since it
takes the customer perspective into consideration, and will hence provide a better
agreement on the price level. It is however rarely used, possibly because of the
difficulties in defining the customer value. A business ecosystem analysis might reveal
the complex value creation process, hence enabling switching to a value-based pricing
strategy (Anastasia Tsvetkova, personal communication, March 2020). The customer
value could also be measured through, for example, expert interviews, customer focus
group interviews or through assessing the customers using the product or service.
(Hinterhuber, 2008) This assessment of the added value for the customer is a part of
the price analysis step in the price management process. Apart from these assessments
of the customer’s value creation process, the price analysis should also include external

49 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

information, such as market studies made by research institutes, market databases or
competitor’s price lists. (Bonnemeier et al., 2010)
The price definition step should be carried out in interdisciplinary teams including
members from the pricing office, product management and from the marketing and
sales departments. By having an interdisciplinary team defining the prices saves time
when coordination between the teams is unnecessary, and uncertainty about the price
level is also avoided. The prices can be defined with a traditional or an innovative
revenue model. There are two traditional pricing models: the fixed-fee model and the
cost-plus model, and three innovative pricing models: usage-based, performancebased and value-based model. How these models work is explained in Table 2. The
traditional pricing models are often mixed in different combinations, but the parameter
that combines these models is that they are based on the supplier’s effort to provide
the solution. In the innovative pricing models, the price is no longer dependent on the
supplier’s internal variables, but rather on the performance of the solution in the
customer’s business environment. For the supplier to remain profitable the internal
costs should of course be considered, but it is not the single most important variable in
the innovative pricing models. When the customer’s business is considered in the
pricing model, the willingness of the customer to buy is presumably increased.
(Bonnemeier et al., 2010)

50 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Table 2. Traditional and innovative pricing models (Bonnemeier et al., 2010)

Model

Pricing method

Fixed-fee model

Agree on fixed cost.

(traditional)

•
•

Property transfer: product sales
Possession rights transfer: renting,
licensing

leasing,

Cost-plus model

Supplier’s amount of work + certain agreed profitability

(traditional)

cost.

Usage-based model

Pre-defined fee per time unit, paying for the time the

(innovative)

solution is utilised.

Performance-based

Pre-negotiated price is payed if the promised performance

model

is fulfilled, poor performance might lead to penalties for

(innovative)

the supplier.

Value-based model

Price correlates with the added value of using the solution,

(innovative)

e.g. increased turnover, cost savings or customer
satisfaction.

Enforcing the prices is important. Internal price enforcement is especially important
in large firms, where different departments might have different goals and interests.
Internal enforcement is usually realised by setting up a price-related incentive system
for the sales personnel that corresponds to the commercial pricing strategy decided in
phase 1 of this price management process. (Bonnemeier et al., 2010) Other factors that
should be considered while implementing a bonus system are fairness, cultural fit,
alignment with HR policies, financial control and bonus administration (Turner,
Lasserre, & Beauchet, 2007). After enforcing the prices internally, external price
enforcement should be executed. This includes collecting an interdisciplinary team for
formulating bid proposals and negotiating with the customers. The negotiation could
be supported by naming reference customers, and the team should clarify the added
value to the customer. (Bonnemeier et al., 2010)
The last step is the price controlling step. Even though it is mentioned last in this price
management process, price controlling should be performed constantly during the
51 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

pricing process. The price controlling can be executed either as process-related,
impact-related or as output-related controlling. Process-related controlling can be
viewed as the feedback loop seen in Figure 8, always returning to previous steps when
complaints are received. The process-related controlling can also be realised by adding
life cycle related financial indicators to measure the customer’s profitability in
different stages of their life cycle. Impact-related controlling focuses on reputation and
customer’s price satisfaction, while output-related controlling is realised by using
performance indicators such as market share. (Bonnemeier et al., 2010)
The above-mentioned pricing process is developed for an individual company, but it
can perfectly be implemented on an ecosystem level as well. Additionally, to create a
better understanding of how to price the common product, it could be viewed from the
perspective of e.g. a joint offering. More about joint offerings and other ways to realise
the collaboration will be discussed in chapter 4.3.1.
Due to the complexity of a business ecosystem, it is difficult to share the value created
in a fair manner. However, the cooperative game theory has been proved a useful tool
when analysing profit allocation problems. This theory includes several solution
methods, such as the Proportional value and the Shapely value, with the Shapely value
being the most frequently employed. This value ensures that the benefit of every actor
is equal to their contribution. The Shapley value is decided according to equation 1:
𝑆ℎ𝑖 = ∑
𝑆⊆𝑁,𝑆∉𝑖

𝑆! (𝑁 − 𝑆 − 1)!
(𝑣(𝑆 ∪ 𝑖 ) − 𝑣 (𝑆)), 𝑖 ∈ 𝑁
𝑁!

(1)

where N are all the individual actors, S is the coalition of the business ecosystem and
𝑣 (𝑆) is the value made due to the cooperation in the coalition. 𝑣 (𝑆 ∪ 𝑖 ) is the value
made when actor i is added to the coalition, and hence (𝑣(𝑆 ∪ 𝑖 ) − 𝑣 (𝑆)) is the
marginal effect of one individual actor. ∑𝑆⊆𝑁,𝑆∉𝑖
ratio of the profit. (Teng, Li, Wu, & Wang, 2019)

52 (93)

𝑆!(𝑁−𝑆−1)!
𝑁!

is the weight of actor i’s

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

4.3 SUSTAINING THE POSITION – IMPROVE THE BUSINESS ECOSYSTEM
When the value creation process and the value capturing methods are analysed and
realised, it is of outmost importance that sustainability measures are implemented.
Sustainability means capability of the ecosystem to support continued viability
(Ruokolainen, Ruohomaa, & Kutvonen, 2011). In practice, this means that the
ecosystem should stay alert in order to notice any incoming changes that might affect
the ecosystem’s competitiveness. The individual company, as well, needs to monitor
their competition and their own competitive advantages so that it can maintain its
profitable position in the ecosystem.
The world has moved from individual companies making selfish decisions into a world
where the companies face difficulties together and gain even greater mutual profits.
Therefore, sustainability in this new business world entails maintaining a healthy
ecosystem instead of improving the individual firm’s capabilities. Keeping the
ecosystem healthy is in the interest of all the actors, since the single actor survives or
is disrupted together with the ecosystem. (Iansiti & Levien, 2004) For the single actor,
sustainability in an ecosystem means sustaining the capability of contributing to the
ecosystem value proposition. Improving the actor’s contribution to the value
proposition will thus enforce the actor’s position in the ecosystem. (Tsvetkova et al.,
2017)
In practice, ecosystem health will increase when the actors work on their relationships.
Co-working leads to dependencies between the actors. These dependencies increase
the value created. Common standards and platforms are good measures to improve the
position of all the actors in the ecosystem. When resources and knowledge are shared
amongst the actors, the ecosystem is dynamic and enables flexibility in innovation and
operation. (Iansiti & Levien, 2004) As mentioned in chapter 3.2.6, the dependencies
can also lead to difficulties (Adner & Kapoor, 2010). If an actor has problems
performing their activity, the rest of the ecosystem also suffers. It is therefore of great
importance that the actors collaborate and try to act on any occurred barriers together.
If the relationships in the ecosystem depend on a keystone player, for example if the
relationships are dependent on the platform the keystone is offering, the other actors
should take great care to support the keystone’s success in every possible way. (Iansiti
& Levien, 2004)
53 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

However, in today’s business landscape, many companies (especially companies that
have a leader role in their ecosystem) are still selfish and naval-gazing (Chen, 2019;
Iansiti & Levien, 2004). If a company must make a difficult business decision,
unfortunately today, many firms improve their own short-sighted position instead of
considering the effects for the whole ecosystem. Especially if the benefits for the
company are indistinct, the managers making the decisions have difficulties staying
put on the agreed strategy of the ecosystem. Another common mistake that managers
of individual companies make is that they forget that their direct competitors are part
of the same ecosystem as they are part of. (Iansiti & Levien, 2004) It is easy to see the
competitors as enemies only, but instead the competitors should be seen as co-workers,
collaborating to introduce the niche where the offerings are needed. This is extremely
important, especially when a new ecosystem tries to disrupt an old ecosystem. To
clarify how competitors can collaborate, an example is described. One of PBI Research
Institute’s customers has faced the situation of trying to enter an ecosystem in the
disruptive phase. PBI’s customer tries to enter the Asian market by becoming a part of
the novel ecosystem of waste-to-energy generation. This ecosystem is still
unestablished in the Asian market, and the initial activities to perform is to lobby for a
change in the regulations to make waste collection more efficient and to update the
regulations regarding the technology used. Lobbying will profit every actor interested
in entering the market, and hence the competitors and every other affected actor should
develop a common strategy for how to convince the government. (personal
communication, October 2019)
The following list is a summary of the above-mentioned activities guiding how to
maintain the ecosystem’s position:
•

Share resources and knowledge

•

Collaborate to solve problems

•

Introduce common standards and integrative platforms

•

Support the keystone actor

•

Collaborate with competitors

According to Moore (1996, reviewed in (Rubenstein, 2012)) the individual company
sustains its position in the ecosystem by being the only practical source of something
that the ecosystem needs. Some examples of attributes that contribute to locking the
54 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

position in an ecosystem are e.g. patents, a perfect location, a strong reputation and
brand, high-quality offerings, and the lowest price. (Rubenstein, 2012) As sustaining
the ecosystem’s position often requires changes to match the developing requirements
of the macro environment and customer demands, a leading company needs to have
the strength to reshape processes and modify the offers. During these changes the
company that is a follower is entailed to be flexible so that the leader is satisfied with
the relationship and finds the company’s contribution necessary. (Adner, 2017;
Rubenstein, 2012)
In the following subchapter the internal and external risks will be explained and
resolving measures will be suggested. Following this, a subchapter describing the
attributes needed by the actors will clarify how an individual company should view
and adapt their strategy. Finally, a set of generic performance indicators for ecosystem
monitoring are proposed to help both the organisational and the supra-organisational
strategising.

4.3.1 Risks and incentives
In chapter 3.2.3 interdependencies and complementarities are discussed. These are
very important to analyse to be able to sustain the position; for the ecosystem to
maintain its role in the macro environment and for the company to maintain its position
in the ecosystem. According to Adner (2017), strengthening the ecosystem alignment,
and so forth strengthening the position of the company in the ecosystem, is a two-step
process; first, the gaps in the alignment should be recognised, and second, rectifying
measures should be implemented. The ecosystem’s position in the macro environment
can also be improved in similar two steps: by analysing the external threats and setting
high external barriers. The Five Forces analysis described in chapter 4.1.2 could once
again be utilised to realise the external threats. Moore (1996) mentions three ways to
establish proper boundaries for the ecosystem in order to strengthen the position of the
whole ecosystem. These will be discussed later in this subchapter.
The internal risks comprise of complications in the ecosystem alignment. Adner (2017)
mention two different alignment risks that cause gaps in the ecosystem: co-innovation
risk and adoption chain risk. Talmar et al. (2018) describe the co-innovation risk as
55 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

the inability of the actors to fulfil the needed activities, and the adoption chain risk as
the unwillingness of certain actors to contribute. Inability to contribute to the
ecosystem occurs due to e.g. staffing difficulties, technological unawareness or legal
issues. Unwillingness originates from poor incentives, such as poor value capturing
processes, little dependency on the results of the ecosystem, too high demands from
the ecosystem or indifferencies about the leadership and roles in the ecosystem. Gaps
that occur due to indifferencies in the roles are more difficult to recognise, and even
though they are recognised it is not always possible to change the roles, since some
roles depend on the flow of activities (Adner, 2017).
In order to achieve great relationships between the actors and diminish the gaps caused
by the alignment risks, mutual benefit is to strive for. There are several mechanisms to
make collaboration beneficial for every included actor. Some examples are joint
offerings, joint production planning and leasing contracts. (Tsvetkova et al., 2014) The
joint offering measure can be realised by, for example, selling the products as a
package deal. Returning to the example of the solar panel industry explained in chapter
4.2.2, a panel producer and a racking producer could sell their products for a cheaper
package price than the parts would be on their own. This would be an intriguing offer
for the customer, since it saves both money and effort while not needing to contact
every component provider separately. Adding more supplementary components to the
package could increase the customer value even further. This also serves every
supplier in the ecosystem, since they can focus on their own area of expertise while
someone else is contributing with the complementarities.
Joint production planning might e.g. be an action towards decreased costs for the
partners. For example, a good practice is the just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing method
(McLachlin, 1997). JIT manufacturing means that the supplier delivers its products at
the time when the customer intends to use the product. This arrangement decreases the
needed stock area for both parties, and many JIT producers report reduced waste as
one advantage. (McLachlin, 1997) This production method requires close
collaboration between the supplier and the customer, but once the process is
implemented both parties will benefit from it. JIT is only one example of how joint
production planning can be actualised, but it is a very descriptive example. The actors
trying to develop a joint production plan needs to be closely involved in each other’s
working processes, and neither of the partners benefit from secrets between them.
56 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Leasing contracts decrease investment uncertainties. (Tsvetkova et al., 2014) For
industries where the investment costs are high, the initiation phase is challenging. For
example, in the W2E ecosystem, the equipment needed to build a power plant require
large investments, and it might be difficult to know the quality of the equipment before
buying. The equipment provider can offer a leasing contract, which basically is a
tenancy agreement. This gives the buyer a possibility to acquaint itself with the
equipment, and if satisfied, they might buy the equipment. By being flexible, the
equipment provider remains an appealing alternative.
The above-mentioned procedures will lower the risk of unwillingness of the actors by
incentivising them and enforcing relationship management between the different
actors. Even the inability risks are decreased because new actors are included to
provide the unfulfilled components of the ecosystem, and this will enable every actor
to focus on their competences. This brings us to the three measures that Moore (1996)
finds the most important while reinforcing the ecosystem boundaries against external
attacks.
One of the most important measures to strengthen the barriers of the ecosystem is to
offer total solutions. By introducing new actors to the ecosystem to perform unfulfilled
tasks, the ecosystem can offer a greater solution than the competing ecosystems. The
solution is also trickier to mimic when the system of actors participating in the
production are numerous (Porter, 1996). If the customer feels that its every need and
requirement are acknowledged and satisfied by the ecosystem, the risk that the
customer will consider complementing services is decreased. This is important for the
ecosystem, since the risk that the customer finds a more complete ecosystem on its
exploration after complementors is pressing. By offering the total solution, the
customer is automatically interested to remain loyal to the ecosystem. However,
Moore also thinks that further procedures to lock the customer in should be
implemented to avoid them switching to other suppliers. The customers should be
engaged in the ecosystem, and this could be achieved by e.g. offering memberships or
being in touch with the customers on a daily basis. Delivering a total solution also
gives a strong market position for the ecosystem, but Moore also finds that dominating
the market is of such importance that he suggests that the company should seek for
submarkets that the company could start to conquer and slowly growing the portfolio
into dominating the whole market in one sector, or in other words, saturating the
57 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

market. Implementing these measures, the barriers of the ecosystem are fortified to
such an extent that competing ecosystems encounter severe problems when trying to
disrupt the leading ecosystem. (Moore, 1996)

4.3.2 Dynamic capability
As we could see in chapter 4.3.1, no matter whether the focal company is a keystone
or a follower in the business ecosystem, they should remain flexible and collaborative,
or in other words, dynamic capability is an important attribute for an ecosystem actor.
Dynamic capability captures the company’s understanding of the business
environment and the customer needs and thereupon its willingness to adapt and to
change certain ways-of-working to comply with the requirements. Dynamic capability
is highlighted differently depending on which strategy the company has chosen to
follow. For a leader, on the one hand, the most important capability is to constantly
look for new opportunities and develop the ecosystem offering. The follower, on the
other hand, needs to remain flexible towards change. Nonetheless, both the leader and
the follower need both above-mentioned attributes, but how the importance is
weighted differ for the different actors. A third important attribute that both a leader
and a follower must have is agility (Rothwell, 1994). The organisation should have the
ability to make quick decisions in order to not be left behind. (Chen, 2019)

Looking for new opportunities
In Moore’s (1993) theory about the business ecosystem evolution (see chapter 3.2.4),
the third stage is about finding bargaining power in the ecosystem. This is important
if the leadership of the ecosystem is an internal goal for the company, but also
followers that want to remain in their position should look for new and improved ways
to contribute to the ecosystem value proposition. Measures to achieve bargaining
power was discussed in chapter 4.3 (Rubenstein, 2012), but according to Moore
(1993), constant innovation is what fundamentally drives the ecosystem forward, and
hence also the company itself. Also the fourth stage of Moore’s business ecosystem
evolution theory require a developed innovation management process, since this stage
is about self-renewal and competing against new entrants (Moore, 1993).
58 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Adams, Bessant & Phelps (2006) have committed a systematic review of the existing
research literature about innovation management. They define innovation as “. . . the
successful exploitation of new ideas” (Adams et al., 2006, p. 22), and remind that there
are several innovation types, e.g. product/service, process, administrative and
technological innovation. The evaluation process that Adams et al. have gathered to
analyse the company’s innovation management process comprises seven categories of
measures. The categories are inputs management, knowledge management, innovation
strategy, the culture of the organisation, portfolio management, project management
and commercialisation. Every category is a complex collection of important attributes,
but in this thesis only one is presented in order to simplify and illuminate. The article
“Innovation management measurement: A review” by Adams et al. (2006) gives a
deeper insight into more ways to measure how good the company is at innovating.
Inputs management
Inputs management is concerned with the resources put into innovation, involving
everything from people, finance and idea generation. A traditional measurement of this
is the ratio between the expenditure or the number of people employed in the R&D
team, but innovation is far wider than only R&D, and hence this is a crude
measurement. A critical input for innovation is adequate funding. Therefore, a
commonly used and descriptive measurement is the total expenditure, expressed either
as a comparison with sales or revenue, or as expenditure by item. The disadvantage of
this measurement is that it might fail to indicate whether the funding is enough or not.
To prevent this narrow analysis from excluding important managerial information,
several variables should be measured. (Adams et al., 2006)
Knowledge management
Knowledge management covers how ideas are gathered and implemented, and what
information underlies the innovation process. This includes idea generation, ability to
acquire knowledge and networking. The number of ideas generated in a set time period
is a widely used measure, since ideating is the basis which innovation stands on, and
generating large quantities of ideas is rather cheap. (Adams et al., 2006)

59 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Innovation strategy
For a company to be able to innovate, an organisational strategy regarding resource
allocation towards innovation should be formulated and followed. The measurements
can be divided into two sub-categories; those that measure whether the company has
an innovation strategy, and those that measure how effective the innovation strategy
is. Measures defining whether the company has an innovation strategy or not may, to
a great extent, be the same as for the inputs management, for example expenditure in
R&D. The effectiveness of the innovation strategy can be measured by e.g. comparing
the above-mentioned measure with industry rivals. (Adams et al., 2006)
Organisational culture
The perceived work environment plays an important role in how well the innovation
process is realised. The organisational structure should be specialised, integrated and
differentiated. The following characteristics specify an efficient innovation team:
multidisciplinarity, a dedicated and qualified team leader, communication and
cooperation between different functions, responsibility of the process and autonomy.
An instrument called the Team Climate Inventory (TCI) has been developed to
measure the perceived work environment, and it is conducted as a questionnaire
answered by every team member (Anderson & West, 1998). This is based around four
factors: participative safety, support for innovation, vision and task orientation. The
participative safety assesses whether the staff feel included in the developing process
and secure to suggest improvements. Support for innovation is the degree to which
managers support and favour innovation initiatives. The objectives of the team should
be clearly defined and shared with the whole team to achieve a pervasive vision. Lastly,
the task orientation measures the commitment of the team to achieve highest
performance. (Adams et al., 2006) A fifth factor, interaction frequency, has been
suggested. This measures how often the team communicates internally and externally.
(Adams et al., 2006)
Portfolio management
The innovation process requires resources even though the outcome still is uncertain.
For this reason, it is important to develop a systematic process for selecting which
innovation projects to focus on and which to leave at the ideation stage. The selection
60 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

criteria are complex, including choices regarding financial and vision constraints. It is
a matter of optimising the trade-off between risks and returns. A widely used measure
to decide if the innovation is financially profitable is the net present value. The
alignment of the innovation project with the objectives of the portfolio is usually
decided with qualitative approaches, such as subjective checklists. (Adams et al.,
2006)
Project management
Project management pertains the processes that turn the inputs into a commercial
product/service. The process of getting from the inputs to the product require a great
amount of activities, and a systematic process to complete all these activities is useful
for the project team leader. There are four main components that the innovation project
management consists of: project efficiency, tools, communication and collaboration.
Project efficiency can be measured by e.g. comparing the budget to the actual cost
situation. Tools are used to separate the innovation process into discrete stages with
checkpoints at which decisions regarding whether to continue or not are made. A
familiar tool for many project managers is the gate model. Communication can be
divided into internal and external communication. Concrete measures that can be
applied are counting the number of internal meetings and monitoring whether external
communication takes place at all. (Adams et al., 2006) Collaboration with other
stakeholders is extremely important in a business ecosystem. The level of collaboration
can be evaluated by, for example, measuring the percentage of projects that are
completed in collaboration with other stakeholders (Adams et al., 2006).
Commercialisation
Commercialisation discusses how the innovation is taken to the market. In this
category, the organisation is less reliant on its technical capabilities and more on the
market dynamics. Commercialisation includes marketing, sales, distribution and joint
ventures. This category is little researched, perhaps because many consider this
category as separate from the innovation process. The measures are fairly simple, the
sales personnel’s adherence to a schedule being one of them. (Adams et al., 2006)
In chapter 4.2.2 different alignment strategies were discussed (Hannah & Eisenhardt,
2018). Depending on which of these strategies the focal company chooses to follow,
61 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

the innovation process takes different shapes. If a company follows the system
strategy, and hence providing large part of the components to the ecosystem, they need
to look for what is expected of the ecosystem and try to fit new activities into their
portfolio. The portfolio management is a crucial category for this company. If the
portfolio is poorly managed, the company will have difficulties seeing if there are tasks
that they need external help with.
Companies following either the component strategy or the bottleneck strategy need to
take extra care to constantly look for new opportunities. A bottleneck strategist is
obliged to follow up on what limits the ecosystem in the near future and remain agile
at every change. The company should seek to invest in many innovation projects, and
in that sense, being a forerunner in how to solve a bottleneck. A company following
the component strategy needs to be in constant contact with other actors in the
ecosystem to maximise the common value creation. One efficient strategy for the
component strategist to follow would be to initiate joint R&D projects with the other
stakeholders, hence acting as the project manager of these innovation projects.

Flexibility and fit
The sustainability of a following company in the ecosystem builds on how well the
company manages to remain relevant for the ecosystem. This is achieved through tight
collaboration between the leader and the followers, i.e. the actors remaining flexible
towards the other actors’ wishes and changes initiated by others. At the same time,
more traditional competition supports the follower in sustaining its position against
other actors providing a similar offering. Traditional competitive advantage is
achieved by locking the customers to the company’s offering and finding a fit across
the activities. (Tsvetkova et al., 2017) Being flexible in an ecosystem is hence a
constant struggle to understand when the situation needs flexibility and cooperation,
and when the individual actor should choose to raise barriers against the competitors.
There are differing views on whether collaboration and competition can be
implemented in parallel with each other or if the company’s strategy tend to tip to
either collaboration or competition (Hannah & Eisenhardt, 2018). Hannah &
Eisenhardt (2018) state that both views are correct. A company following the
62 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

bottleneck strategy is competing in the component they provide and collaborate with
complementing actors. Companies following either the system strategy or the
component strategy are more prone to either competing or collaborating. They
conclude that faithful commitment to one strategy is what brings prosperity to the
company. A company following the system strategy grows larger and more stable over
time, while a company following the component strategy receives stronger
collaboration relationships over time. A bottleneck company requires attentive
mangers, but in turn the company becomes more agile over time, learning how a move
from one bottleneck to another should be managed.
Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018) have during their study about the solar panel industry
noticed a few competitive actions that can be implemented if the strategy is to lock out
the competitors. The traditional view on competition described by Porter (1996)
includes creating a fit among the activity alignment. Some actions increasing the
competitive advantage are listed in Table 3.
If the company has chosen to proceed a collaborative approach like e.g. the component
strategy, the company needs to try to find a way to create a win-win situation with the
complementor. This can be achieved with measures mentioned in chapter 4.3 and
rewritten in Table 3. By constantly innovating to improve the component, the position
of a component strategist is also more likely to be maintained. (Hannah & Eisenhardt,
2018)

63 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Table 3. How to remain flexible or find the fit for the company (collected from Hannah &
Eisenhardt, 2018; Tsvetkova et al., 2017; Iansiti & Levien, 2004)

Competing

Collaborating

Acquire small rivals and suppliers

Share resources and knowledge

Require exclusivity from suppliers and

Collaborate to solve problems

customers
Employ several suppliers to avoid

Introduce

common

standards

dependence

integrative platforms

Lower the prices

Support the keystone actor

Provide better quality products/services

Collaborate with competitors

and

than the competitors

Agility for implementation
During the interviews done with the consultants from PBI Research Institute (Chen,
2019), the sales process of the actors in a business ecosystem was mentioned several
times. One of the consultants mentioned that their customer has an immature sales
process, which means that the customer is aware of its capabilities but unable to market
them to its customers. Another consultant from PBI Research Institute has worked with
the same customer, noticing that their sales personnel is very restricted and unable to
customise the offers to suit the customers.
This stiff sales process leads to lower profit margins than expected, and as this actor is
the leader of the ecosystem, their struggle is the whole ecosystem’s struggle. This
thesis makes the conclusion from this statement, that the leader of the business
ecosystem, the keystone player, needs to add vast resources on developing their sales
process to clarify for the customers what their added value is. A logical implication
would be that it is important for every actor in an ecosystem to know their value
proposition and to have a developed sales process to support the information exchange
between the supplier and the customer.
The above-mentioned case is a good example of how important agility of the actors in
a business ecosystem is. Research has shown that being the first introducing an
64 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

innovation to the market brings competitive advantages such as greater value creation
and value capturing to the introducing company. (Adner, 2006; Adner & Kapoor,
2010) If a company is agile and quick to reach decisions, it will probably be among
the first introducers. Further, the introducers are usually leaders or keystone players in
the ecosystem, since few innovations stand alone. Hence the introducer needs to
collaborate with their suppliers and complementors so that they can progress at the
same rate. (Adner & Kapoor, 2010) Agility is an advantage since the keystone position
is a stable position in an ecosystem.
Rothwell (1994) has identified several factors that increase the development speed and
improves the efficiency, therefore making the company more agile. Some of these
factors will be explained here to act as inspiration for the management group
developing the company’s dynamic capabilities:
•

Change to a time-based strategy. To be able to become an agile company the
strategy needs to be built around this target.

•

Introduce a horizontal management style. If the management levels are few,
the approval process is more agile and important decisions are easier to
actualise.

•

Plan the product specifications prior to product development. With a highquality initial definition with deep understanding of the customer needs, the
unexpected changes are minimised.

•

Combine cross-functional teams for the early development phases. Concurrent
engineering reveals as many problems as possible in the initiating phase of a
project, while the costs for modification are still low.

•

Update the component database. A database with updated information about
components and materials and preferred suppliers facilitates the design
process.

•

Use simulation modelling instead of prototyping. Simulation programs reduce
the number of needed physical prototypes, thus saving both money and time.

By implementing some of the above-mentioned actions (or any of the actions
mentioned in Rothwell’s article “Towards the Fifth-generation Innovation Process”
(1994)), the company will be more adaptable and reach important conclusions more
easily. This makes the company flexible, and the other actors in the ecosystem will
65 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

find it effortless to collaborate with the company. Consequently, the company is a
desirable member of the ecosystem.

4.3.3 Performance indicators
The establishment of performance indicators promote sustainability and leads to larger
value creation, and the indicators also help managers to monitor the success of their
chosen strategy. The field of enterprise performance measurement is well defined and
detailed, with the balanced scorecard as a familiar example. However, adequate
performance indicators for ecosystems are still in the development phase. (Graça &
Camarinha-Matos, 2017) Iansiti & Levien (2004) have introduced a definition of the
health of the ecosystem, which provides us with a lead on which attributes that would
be sensible to measure to understand what effect the single company has on the whole
ecosystem. Graça & Camarinha-Matos (2017) have reviewed different research areas
like e.g. collaborative networks, social networks and supply chains to see if these areas
could contribute with supporting elements to use when developing business ecosystem
performance indicators.
An immensely important question is how the health of a business ecosystem should be
measured. Iansiti & Levien (2004, pp. 43- 57) suggest that the health of the system
should be measured on how well the whole system creates opportunities for each of its
actors. The ecosystem should offer possibilities for its actors to innovate, but it is not
enough if the ecosystem is disrupted at the first sight of a change in the business
environment. Hence, the measures that Iansiti & Levien (2004) suggest to describe the
health of the system are productivity, robustness and niche creation.
An analysis of the health of the business ecosystem should be initiated by simplifying
the complex system. Iansiti & Levien (2004) suggest dividing the ecosystem actors
into subcategories performing similar activities in the ecosystem. Returning to the
solar panel industry example that Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018) use in their article, the
subcategories mentioned in chapter 4.2.2 were solar panel producers, racking
producers, installers, sales and design professionals, and financiers. This is one way of
dividing the actors of a versatile ecosystem, but there are naturally several ways to

66 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

divide the actors, depending on the actors included in the ecosystem and occasionally
even what kind of analysis that is to be performed.
All these subcategories might include several actors performing equal tasks, and the
subcategories might even equate to conventional industries. The subcategories of the
actors might be shared by numerous ecosystems. However, every actor in a
subcategory, in one way or another, affects the health of the ecosystem, and so forth
also the productivity of the focal company. (Iansiti & Levien, 2004)
Iansiti & Levien (2004) uses the following analogue to develop a suitable productivity
measure for an ecosystem: “How effectively does the ecosystem convert raw materials
into living organisms?” (Iansiti & Levien, 2004, p. 46) A business ecosystem is
constantly exposed to changes in the environment, usually in the form of new
technologies, new processes and changed demands. The productivity measure should
therefore encapsulate how well the ecosystem manages to innovate and offer lower
costs and new products to their customers.
The concrete measurements that Iansiti & Levien (2004) suggest using for evaluating
the productivity of the ecosystem is returns on investments, or ROI. By collecting a
list of the actors and their ROI values, the average ROI for the whole ecosystem or for
the separate subcategories can be calculated. This average value can be, for example,
compared to other ecosystems’ values to see how well the ecosystem performs in
turning investments into profits, or then the health evolution over time can be noticed
by comparing the average ROI from year to year.
Since a healthy business ecosystem survives a disruption of the macro environment, a
measurement on the robustness of the ecosystem should be included in the health
analysis. In a robust ecosystem the actors are encouraged to compete for the crucial
components of the ecosystem’s value proposition, and this triggers growth and
decreases the ecosystem’s dependence on the leader (Moore, 1993). A robust
ecosystem is dynamically following trends like new technologies and higher demands
from the customers. A company planning to join an existing ecosystem could consider
analysing the survival rates of the ecosystem. This could, for example, be measured
by looking at the number of firms in the subcategories over time. The number of firms
could also be compared between different subcategories in order to see which category
profits most when the ecosystem is flourishing. Analysing the events leading to dips
67 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

in the number of firms will provide the company valuable information on what to
expect during difficult times. (Iansiti & Levien, 2004)
In order to increase the value captured by the ecosystem and so forth make the
ecosystem stronger, the value creation should grow. This indicates that new members
should constantly be invited. Adding actors that perform exactly the same activities as
existing actors is self-destructive, since one of the core values of a business ecosystem
is to collaborate to bring higher value to the customers. For this reason, a healthy
ecosystem is a system that is developing new needed functions. Iansiti & Levien
suggest this measurement to be called niche creation. So forth, a healthy ecosystem
has a growing number of firm variety and offering variety. It is of great importance
that the new functions are meaningful for the ecosystem value proposition. (Iansiti &
Levien, 2004)
To explain the niche creation, an example from the people transportation ecosystem
could be mentioned. In bigger cities with long distances between places it is important
to be able to move flexibly. Buses, trains, trams and taxis offer a good basis for this.
However, the buses, trains and trams are not very flexible, since they follow a decided
route and timetable. Taxis, on the contrary, are usually very expensive to use and so
forth not reasonable to use if you are to travel shorter distances. Here is the opportunity
to include a new niche into the ecosystem. It should offer a possibility to move flexibly,
not depending on any routes or timetables, and it should be cheaper than taxis. In
several cities this people transportation ecosystem has lately been complemented by
electrical scooters and bikes that you can take from place A and leave at place B for a
small amount of compensation. The people transportation ecosystem renews itself and
follows trends and could thereby be defined as a healthy ecosystem.
The performance indicators mentioned by Iansiti & Levien (2004) in their health
measurement process evaluate the whole ecosystem. The companies involved in the
ecosystem could also be further evaluated to discover their position and how valuable
they are for the ecosystem. Graça & Camarinha-Matos (2017) suggest using
performance indicators from the social network and value network research. They also
found that indicators implemented in supply chains are useful in a business ecosystem
setting.

68 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Value creation
Implementing performance indicators that support the monitoring of the end user
needs, the macro environment and the internal capabilities is crucial. This will help the
companies to notice if the value proposition should be adjusted in any way. Setting up
suitable performance indicators is preferably done during the value creation phase of
the ecosystem strategising, when the needs and the environment are uncovered.
To measure how the company contributes to the ecosystem, centrality in and centrality
out degrees could be monitored. These degrees could be measured by e.g. counting the
incoming and outgoing deliverables per actor. Value network analysis further divides
the deliverables into tangible and intangible, and by looking at the percentage of these
deliverables per actor, the single actors value creation process can be analysed. (Graça
& Camarinha-Matos, 2017)

Value capturing
Even for value capturing the same idea about deciding the performance indicators
during that particular phase applies. The social network research contributes with
measures for structural analysis. The structure from the focal company’s point-of-view
could be measured by investigating the centrality of the company. The number of
connections per actor could show how embedded the company is in the ecosystem, i.e.
how dependent the company is on the ecosystem outcome. The value network analysis
takes this embeddedness to another level and measures the percentage of the channels
that actually are used. This indicates how effectively the company uses the
opportunities that is provided to it through participating in the ecosystem and how well
it manages to capture the value provided to it. (Graça & Camarinha-Matos, 2017)
The value network research has implemented a cost/benefit indicator. This indicates
how a particular transaction affects the assets of the company. (Graça & CamarinhaMatos, 2017) By monitoring this indicator the company could understand if they are
gaining an adequate part of the total profit compared to their contribution

69 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Maintain the position
Concrete indicators for monitoring of how well the company manages to remain
competitive inside the ecosystem is of great importance to be informed if changes
should be implemented. The value network research suggests measuring the perceived
value of the deliverables, both from the sender’s and the receiver’s view (Graça &
Camarinha-Matos, 2017). Investigating the perceived value is crucial since it is
important that the reputation of all the actors in the ecosystem is good, or else the
whole ecosystem might suffer losses due to the notorious actor. This statement was
validated in the analysis made by Hannah & Eisenhardt (2018). Saturn, one of the
successful actors in their solar panel ecosystem example, chose to collaborate with
large firms exclusively. These firms deliver high quality and have robust track records,
and by including these into Saturn’s ecosystem, equity investors were attracted to that
ecosystem. Pluto, the least successful solar panel ecosystem actor, chose to let
struggling firms be their complementors. This increased the difficulties for Pluto to
find funding for its ecosystem, since the complementing actors brought such poor
reputation with them. The perceived value could be measured in several ways, and
Morgan & Rego (2006) suggest to construct a scorecard including average customer
satisfaction, Top 2 Box satisfaction, proportion of customers complaining and
repurchase intent for monitoring and predicting business performance. The data for
this scorecard could be collected via customer surveys. (Morgan & Rego, 2006)
Finding bottlenecks in the ecosystem is extremely important in order to increase the
efficiency of the ecosystem. A measure used in the value network analysis to spot
bottlenecks is to follow up on the transaction time of both tangible and intangible
deliverables. The supply chain and demand chain management research measures lead
time, which is the time between initiation and completion of a process, including value
adding time and waiting time. By decreasing the lead time, the whole supply chain
becomes more competitive. (de Treville, Shapiro, & Hameri, 2004) The lead time per
se is difficult to implement on business ecosystems, since the actors in an ecosystem
are more intertwined than the supply chain actors and the collaboration between the
actors are not restricted to only material deliverables, but the theory could be adjusted
and work as an inspiration source to develop a measurement that suits ecosystems
better.
70 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

4.4 SUMMARY OF THE 3I-FRAMEWORK

Figure 9. Business Ecosystem Canvas.

To unite the framework and illustrate the complexity of the ecosystem, a business
ecosystem canvas has been assembled (see Figure 9). The canvas is built around the
final value proposition of the ecosystem, and the steps leading to the value proposition
are gathered around the value proposition. Everything in the ecosystem is supported
or limited by the ecosystem architecture, which is why it is added as a frame to the
canvas. The steps are included in one ensemble; an ecosystem entirety, every step
providing input to the other steps. The order of the steps is logical, but the user of the
canvas might choose to implement the canvas as they see fit. The questions in the
boxes are indicative and should support the initiation of the thinking process. The tools
described in the previous subchapters are also added in the boxes.
71 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

5 CONCLUSIONS
This thesis points at the complexity of business ecosystems. The ecosystem can be
analysed on two different levels: the company level and the supra-organisational level.
This should be acknowledged in order to avoid confusion when several participants do
their own analysis separately from each other. It should be clarified from the beginning
if the analysis is to be conducted to answer the company what its position in the
ecosystem is, or if the analysis is performed to provide the ecosystem actors with
information about how the coopetition should be realised. In conclusion, the ecosystem
analysis can answer several important questions both for the individual company and
for the whole business ecosystem.
The framework in this thesis, the 3I-framework, has been developed through an
exhaustive literature review. A case analysis was conducted to reevaluate if the
framework covers the paramount elements (the case analysis has been excluded from
the final thesis due to confidentiality issues). The 3I-framework contributes with a
detailed working process for managers interested in strategising in the business
ecosystem. Using the framework and considering the business ecosystem might reveal
potential future partners, new business opportunities or where the bottlenecks in the
existing ecosystem are.
The 3I-framework and the business ecosystem canvas developed in this thesis are
supportive tools that can be used as guidelines. Many of the analysis steps are
processes that managers and business leaders are familiar with, which makes the
implementation of the framework straightforward. It is also easy to adjust the
framework. If the company for example already has developed another process for
analysing the macro environment than the PESTEL framework, the step can certainly
be exchanged to the preferred process if it covers all the important factors.
The performance indicators that should be used in a business ecosystem are equally
complex as the ecosystem itself. Developing a system of measures that are indicating
the performance of the ecosystem is very difficult, if not only for the complexity of
the system, but also for the fact that the actors in the ecosystem might value different
things. Using the 3I-framework to discover what is important for the current actor and

72 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

its ecosystem can introduce valuable perspectives for the process of deciding what to
measure.
A discussion that can be held about the performance indicator topic is whether it is
more important to measure the performance of the ecosystem as a collective or the
position of the company in the ecosystem. Today, most managers might consider their
own company’s success the most important. However, when they understand the
advantages of having a united business ecosystem working towards a common goal, it
might become apparent that, by helping the other actors the company will gain a part
of the common success.
Due to the complex nature of business ecosystems, the 3I-framework might be
incomplete. Simplifications are made to be able to bring the framework to a level that
is possible to apprehend. For example, the analysis is possible to execute internally in
the company to provide the company with an elementary picture of the ecosystem.
However, to gain a detailed and practical view, other ecosystem members should be
involved in the analysis. To be able to collaborate effectively during the analysing
phase, affirmed supra-organisational procedures and processes should be applied.
These procedures and processes are left out of the 3I-framework. Further research
should be carried out to develop procedures that are customized for large ensembles
like the business ecosystem. The thesis author suggests considering meeting and
workshop procedures that enable many parties to express their opinion during one
occasion.
Further research should be conducted to validate the framework. The supraorganisational procedures should be added as a further level to the analysis, and it
should be clarified if any important elements are left out from the 3I-framework. As
the 3I-framework is developed on a generic level it still might cause confusion
amongst the managers using it. Therefore, validating and concretising the framework
through additional case studies could aid when implementing the 3I-framework.

73 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

6 SWEDISH SUMMARY – STRATEGISKT RAMVERK FÖR
AFFÄRSEKOSYSTEM
6.1 INTRODUKTION
Affärsekosystem är en rätt så ny syn på hur företag samarbetar för att uppfylla
slutkundens behov och önskemål så bra som möjligt. Konceptet utvecklades av James
Moore i början av 1990-talet då han insåg att företagens konkurrensfördel inte endast
är beroende av deras erbjudna produkt eller tjänst, utan även hur involverade de är i
ett nätverk av olika värdeerbjudanden påverkar minst lika mycket. Efter att Moore
införde analogin mellan ett biologiskt ekosystem och ett affärsnätverk har synen
utvecklats, och flera olika ramverk för hur ett affärsekosystem är uppbyggt har
sammanförts. Tyvärr är många av dessa ramverk endast teoretiska, och det är svårt för
affärsledare att tillämpa dem i sin egen verksamhet. Det här diplomarbetet strävar
därför efter att bygga upp ett ramverk som är konkret genom att besvara de följande
forskningsfrågorna:
1. Vilken sorts data ska företagen samla in för att kunna analysera sina nuvarande
och kommande affärsekosystem samt företagets strategiska position i
affärsekosystemet?
2. Hur kan företaget använda insamlade data för att bibehålla eller förbättra sin
strategiska position?
För att utveckla ramverket har en noggrann litteraturstudie utförts, och med hjälp av
en retrospektiv fallstudie (som har uteslutits ur arbetet på grund av den konfidentiella
informationen) har ett antal välkända strategiska verktyg plockats fram och införts i en
affärsekosystemomgivning. Ramverket är en konkret process som kan användas
iterativt som stöd för affärsledarna då de ska fatta strategiska beslut.

6.2 METODOLOGI
Det här diplomarbetet är ett försök till att sammanföra akademisk forskning inom
affärsekosystem med bekanta strategiska verktyg från affärsvärlden. Diplomarbetet
74 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

bygger på tillämpad forskning, och bidrar därför till den evidensbaserade
ledarforskningen. Primära och sekundära data har sammanställts. De primära data
består av intervjuer med ledarskapskonsulter samt resultat från diskussionstillfällen
med forskare inom ämnet affärsekosystem. De sekundära data har sammanställts
genom en semi-systematisk litteraturstudie och fallstudier.

6.3 LITTERATURSTUDIE
Ett enskilt företag har sällan alla de resurser och förmågor som behövs för att leverera
det fullständiga slutliga värdet åt kunden. För att tillfredsställa alla kundens behov
måste företag samarbeta, och därför behövs konceptet ekosystem. För att påvisa varför
affärsekosystem är ett koncept som behövs, har två andra välkända koncept
diskuterats: värdekedja och distributionskedja. I en värdekedja beaktas endast
företagets interna aktiviteter och hur väl dessa är optimerade. Denna syn på företag
utesluter fullständigt makroperspektivet med samarbete mellan fler aktörer. I en
distributionskedja beaktas nog alla de aktörer som är direkt involverade i
materialflöden, men aktörer som producerar kompletterande produkter och tjänster har
uteslutits. Dessa finns med i affärsekosystemet, och därtill beaktas även myndigheter
och andra institutioner som vanligtvis inte beaktas i en affärsverksamhet. Andra
fördelar med att samarbeta för att skapa mervärde är att dela på riskerna, det uppstår
bättre möjligheter att komma på innovativa lösningar samt att dela på det sociala
ansvaret.
I ett affärsekosystem finns det fyra viktiga element som allting bygger på: aktörer,
deras aktiviteter, deras positionering samt hur de är förenade tillsammans. Aktörerna
kan vara såväl organisationer som olika avdelningar i företagen. Alla aktörer ska ha
ett eget värdeerbjudande. Aktörerna kan vara förenade genom överföring av material,
information, influenser samt pengamedel.
Aktörerna kan ha olika roller i affärsekosystemet. De kan vara ledare av ekosystemet,
då är de ofta de som sammanför företagen samt upprätthåller samarbetet. Aktörerna
kan även vara i en dominerande ställning, då tar de ofta upp en stor del av marknaden
men försöker ändå undvika ansvaret av att skapa sammanhållning. Aktörer som håller

75 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

sig till sin egen nisch erbjuder endast det de är bra på, och är såvida relativt begränsade
ifall ekosystemet går under.
Ett ekosystem är ett löst nätverk av dessa aktörer, som sammanbinds av ömsesidigt
beroende och kompletterande erbjudanden. Det ömsesidiga beroende är lätt att hantera,
då många företag är vana vid att samarbeta med sina distributörer och kunder. De
kompletterande erbjudandena är inte lika lätta att styra. Det är svårt att ha kontroll över
vad ett stort antal aktörer, som traditionellt sett inte har behövt styras, gör. Som tur kan
sådana kompletterande erbjudande som är generiska uteslutas, dvs. sådana aktörer som
är lätta att styra behöver inte inkluderas i analysen. Till exempel eldistributörer har ett
generiskt kompletterande erbjudande. Med de aktörer som har ett unikt
kompletterande erbjudande kan sedan ett ömsesidigt förtroende byggas upp genom att
till exempel samarbeta inom forskning och utveckling.
Så kallade flaskhalsproblem uppstår ofta i dessa affärsekosystem. Dessa flaskhalsar
begränsar produktionen, och flaskhalsens positionering i ekosystemet inverkar olika
på den centrala aktörens erbjudande. Det är viktigt att hitta flaskhalsarna för att snabbt
kunna åtgärda dem innan konsekvenserna är förödande. En ekosystemanalys
möjliggör att flaskhalsarna identifieras.
Flaskhalsar är ett av de problem som begränsar aktörerna som är delaktiga i ett
affärsekosystem. I ett ekosystem kan det även finnas andra hinder som gör
utvecklingen långsammare, till exempel normer, regler och rutiner. Andra aktörer kan
införa risker i ekosystemet, till exempel ifall de är oförmögna att utföra sina uppgifter
eller om de har meningsskiljaktigheter med den ledande aktören i ekosystemet.
Ekosystemet är väldigt beroende av dess ledande aktör, och denna aktörs beslut
påverkar alla som är involverade. Därför är det viktigt att den ledande aktören får allt
stöd den behöver.

6.4 3F-RAMVERKET
3F-ramverket (se figur 1) bygger på tre faser i affärsekosystemets evolution:
värdeskapande, värdefångande och positionsbevarande. Under den värdeskapande
fasen föreställer sig aktörerna hur ekosystemet ska vara uppbyggt och vad dess mål är.
76 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Den värdefångande fasen innebär att planerna förverkligas genom att aktörerna
introduceras för varandra och samarbetet inleds. I den positionsbevarande fasen
kommer aktörerna att göra sitt yttersta för att förbättra ekosystemet samt dess
erbjudande. Det här ger 3F-ramverket: föreställ, förverkliga och förbättra. Ramverket
ska beaktas iterativt, och de strukturerade stegen kan utföras i annan ordning, och även
parallellt, ifall situationen kräver.

Användarens
behov

Utförandeindikatorer

Dynamiska
förmågor

Makromiljön

Positionsbevarande
- Föbättra

Värdeskapande Föreställ

Företagets
förmågor

Värdefångande - Förverkliga
Risker och
incitament

Ekosystemets
arkitektur

Förhandling
om
partnerskap

Intäktsmodell

Figur 1. 3F-ramverket

Den första fasen innebär att bestämma hur värdet ska skapas, och en bra utgångspunkt för att
avgöra detta är att börja med att höra med slutkunden vad den behöver. Detta kan göras genom
att intervjua de befintliga kunderna samt deras kunder. En öppenhet mot nya kundsegment
möjliggör att nya behov kan uppdagas. Då dessa intervjuer utförs är det viktigt att fråga rätt
frågor. Istället för att fråga ”vad behöver ni?” borde kunderna ombes att förklara sin
arbetsprocess och hur de skapar värde. Då ligger ansvaret för att vara den som kommer på
lösningen till kundernas verkliga problem hos distributören, istället för att kunderna själv ska
hitta på vad de behöver för lösning.

77 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Makromiljön är den omgivning som företagen utövar sin verksamhet i. En förståelse
för den här miljön kan verka inspirerande, men det är samtidigt nödvändigt att förstå
vilka faktorer som påverkar verksamheten. Då makromiljön analyseras bör politiska,
ekonomiska, socio-kulturella, tekniska, ekologiska samt juridiska frågor behandlas.
Därtill är det viktigt att överväga alla konkurrerande krafter som kan påverka
verksamheten negativt. För detta kan till exempel Five Forces-analysen, utvecklad av
Porter (2008), användas. Denna analys inkluderar existerande konkurrenter, nya
konkurrenter, ersättande konkurrenter, samt utmanande distributörer och kunder.
För att företaget ska kunna motivera sin position i affärsekosystem samt hitta de rätta
medspelarna måste det ha en tydlig uppfattning om dess förmågor och resurser. Dessa
förmågor ska uppfylla följande krav för att ge företaget konkurrensfördelar: de ska
vara värdefulla, sällsynta, svåra att imitera och anpassade till företagets verksamhet.
Efter detta ska affärsekosystemet struktureras: vem ska utföra vilken uppgift och vem
är de samarbetspartners med? Hur ska samarbetet förverkligas? Nu inleds den
värdefångande fasen. I det första steget ska en karta över alla aktörer och deras
aktiviteter framställas för att alla medlemmar ska kunna bilda sig en uppfattning om
hur ekosystemet verkar. Tsvetkova et al. (2017) har utvecklat en aktivitetskarta som
kan användas som utgångspunkt då ekosystemet undersöks (se figur 2).

78 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Figur 2. En aktivitetskarta för ett affärsekosystem (Tsvetkova et al., 2017).

79 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Alla

aktörer

måste

känna

till

sin

Amanda Pettersson

egen

alliansstrategi:

systemstrategin,

komponentstrategin eller flaskhalsstrategin. Systemstrategin går ut på att ett företag
erbjuder ett stort antal av komponenterna som behövs för att förverkliga
värdeerbjudandet. Konkurrenskraftiga lösningar och exklusivitet är stora delar av
denna strategi. Komponentstrategin däremot utgår ifrån att ett företag erbjuder en
komponent. Företaget är ofta expert inom den komponenten, och det behöver starka
samarbetspartners som kan leverera resten av komponenterna. Flaskhalsstrategin
handlar om att företaget försöker lösa flaskhalsarna i ekosystemet genom att snabbt
finna effektiva lösningar till problemen. Dessa företag måste sitta på mångsidig
kunskap, och de måste vara flexibla så att de kan agera direkt då nya flaskhalsar
uppstår.
Oberoende vilken alliansstrategi företaget väljer är de ändå tvungna att samarbeta med
någon annan aktör inom ekosystemet. En idealpartner har en samarbetsvillig strategi,
är förändringssökande och är delaktig i endast ett affärsekosystem. I inledningen av
samarbetsdiskussioner måste båda parter vara medvetna om sina affärsdrivkrafter.
Därtill ska båda parterna sträva till att bygga upp en välfungerande helhet. För att följa
upp hur samarbetet framskrider ska olika prestationsindikatorer fastställas och
övervakas. Inom affärsekosystem kontaktas även andra intressenter än de direkta
kontakterna, och en plattform är ett välfungerande koncept för att alla aktörer ska
kunna dela med sig av sin kunskap och sina erfarenheter utan större ansträngning.
För att företagen ska kunna fånga värdet som affärsekosystemet genererar ska alla
aktörer ha en tydlig och välmotiverad intäktsmodell. Det finns såväl traditionella som
mer innovativa intäktsmodeller. De traditionella grundar sig antingen på att det sätts
ett fast pris på sitt erbjudande, eller så prissätts erbjudandet genom att beräkna
kostnaderna och lägga till en överenskommen vinstmarginal på priset. De mer
innovativa prissättningsmetoderna grundar sig mer på att värdet som kunderna får av
att införskaffa erbjudandet tas i beaktande. Prisnivån kan definieras beroende på hur
mycket kunden använder erbjudandet, eller ifall prestandan av erbjudandet är viktig
kanske den kan användas som utgångspunkt då priset bestäms. En sista modell är att
erbjudandet prissätts utgående från hur kunden uppfattar det tillförda värdet av
erbjudandet.

80 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

En viktig del av ekosystemet är att överväga hur värdet som ha skapats ska fördelas
rättvist mellan aktörerna. Detta är inte en lätt uppgift, då aktörerna kan bidra med såväl
materiella som immateriella erbjudanden. Det är viktigt att uppdelningen diskuteras
noggrant i ett tidigt skede av samarbetet, och att alla deltagare är överens. En metod
som kan användas för att dela värdet rättvist är Shapleys mängd (Teng et al., 2019).
För att affärsekosystemet ska fortsätta vara lukrativt måste det förbättras med ett
långsiktigt perspektiv. Till att börja med innebär det här att identifiera interna och
externa risker, samt att försöka åtgärda problemen innan de leder till några värre
konsekvenser. De interna riskerna beror på de involverade aktörerna och deras
oförmåga och/eller ovilja till att bidra. För att undvika att dessa risker realiseras måste
kontinuerliga diskussioner upprätthållas för att hitta de aktörer som eventuellt kan
skapa problem, och sedan ska dessa aktörer stödas genom olika samarbeten som skapar
incitament för förbättring. Externa risker beror på förändringar i makromiljön. För att
skapa så höga murar som möjligt kring ekosystemet för att skydda det från externa
attacker, ska till exempel helhetslösningar erbjudas för att skapa ett slutet förhållande
till kunderna. Ett annat sätt att bygga upp starka murar mot utomstående hot är att ha
en dominerande ställning på marknaden.
Dynamiska förmåga är en viktig egenskap hos en medlem i ett affärsekosystem. Detta
innebär att aktörerna ska vara flexibla, de ska ha en god förståelse för makromiljön
samt deras företagskultur ska möjliggöra snabb förändring och anpassning. En
dynamisk aktör är nyfiken och söker konstant efter nya lösningar och
affärsmöjligheter.

Detta

innebär

att

företaget

ska

ha

en

välutvecklad

innovationsprocess. För att bibehålla flexibiliteten är det viktigt att företaget hittar en
balans mellan samarbete och konkurrens med de andra aktörerna. För att vara en
smidig aktör då förändring är aktuellt i ekosystemet, kan företaget till exempel
förändra sin organisationshierarki till en mer horisontell modell eller upprätthålla en
uppdaterad databas med nödvändigt material och vem som är distributören. Dessa
åtgärder gör att företaget är lättare att samarbeta med då snabba beslut måste tas.
För att kunna följa upp hur samarbetet i affärsekosystemet framskrider är det viktigt
att definiera en samling utförandeindikatorer. Till exempel kan ekosystemets hälsa
mätas genom att följa upp dess produktivitet, hur robust det är och hur många nya
nischer det möjliggör. Den individuella aktörens position i ekosystemet kan följas upp
81 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

med hjälp av indikatorer som har utvecklats inom nätverksforskningen. Antalet
kopplingar som företaget har till de andra aktörerna berättar något om hur integrerad
företaget är i ekosystemet, andelen av dessa kopplingar som aktivt utnyttjas säger
däremot hur engagerad företaget är i samarbetet. Hur företaget bidrar till ekosystemet
kan mätas med antalet transaktioner som företaget gör eller får. För att
affärsekosystemets rykte ska hållas gott är det viktigt att de enskilda aktörerna även
har ett gott rykte. Aktörernas rykte kan uppföljas genom att fråga samarbetspartners
om deras uppfattning om värdet som företaget bidrar med. För att hitta flaskhalsarna
kan transaktionstiderna för alla aktörer följas upp. Detta borde avslöja vilken aktör
som bromsar upp hela systemet.

6.5 DISKUSSION
Det här diplomarbetet stöder strategiarbetet i ekosystem, både på företagsnivå och på
ekosystemnivå. 3F-ramverket är antagningsvis enkelt att använda då många av de
inkluderade processerna är välbekanta för företagsledare. Ramverket fungerar som en
detaljerad arbetsprocess för ledare som analyserar affärsekosystemet som deras företag
är del av eller vill bli del av. Det kan även användas som inspirationskälla då
utförandeindikatorer ska utvecklas. Däremot är 3F-ramverket högst troligt bristfälligt
på grund av den korta tidsramen och författarens obefintliga erfarenhet av strategiskt
arbete inom företag. Vidare forskning borde utföras för att bekräfta samt förbättra
ramverket.

82 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

7 REFERENCES
Townsend Peterson, A. (2003). Predicting the geography of species' invasions via
ecological niche modelling. The Quarterly Review of Biology, vol. 78, no. 4.
Adams, R., Bessant, J. & Phelps, R. (2006). Innovation management measurement: A
review. International Journal of Management Reviews, vol. 8, no. 1, pp. 21-47.
doi: 10.1111/j.1468-2370.2006.00119.x
Adner, R. (2017). Ecosystem as Structure: An Actionable Construct for Strategy.
Journal of Management, vol. 43, no. 1, pp. 39-58. doi:
10.1177/0149206316678451
Adner, R. (2006). Match your innovation strategy to your innovation ecosystem.
Harvard Business Review, pp. 98-107.
Adner, R. & Kapoor, R. (2010). Value creation in innovation ecosystems: how the
structure of technological interdependence affects firm performance in new
technology generations. Strategic Management Journal, vol. 31, no. 3, pp. 306333. doi: 10.1002/smj.821
Anderson, N.R. & West, M.A. (1998). Measuring climate for work group innovation:
development and validation of the team climate inventory. Journal of
Organizational Behavior, vol. 19, no. 3, pp. 235-258. doi: 10.1002/(SICI)10991379(199805)19:3<235::AID-JOB837>3.0.CO;2-C
Barney, J. (1991). Firm Resources and Sustained Competitive Advantage. Journal of
Management, vol. 17, no. 1, pp. 99-120. doi: 10.1177/014920639101700108
Björkdahl, J. & Börjesson, S. (2012). Assessing firm capabilities for innovation.
International Journal of Knowledge Management Studies, vol. 5, no. 1/2, pp. 171184. doi: 10.1504/IJKMS.2012.051970
Bonnemeier, S., Burianek, F. & Reichwald, R. (2010). Revenue models for integrated
customer solutions: Concept and organizational implementation. Journal of
Revenue and Pricing Management, vol. 9, no. 3, pp. 228-238. doi:
10.1057/rpm.2010.7
Cadle, J., Paul, D. & Turner, P. (2010). Business analysis techniques: 72 essential
tools for success. Swindon: British Informatics Society Limited.
Cardeal, N. & António, N. (2012). Valuable, rare, inimitable resources and
organization (VRIO) resources or valuable, rare, inimitable resources (VRI)
capabilities: What leads to competitive advantage?, African journal of business
management, vol. 6, no. 37, pp. 10159-10170. doi: 10.5897/AJBM12.295
Chen, Y. (2019). Interviews with consultants at PBI Research Institute. Unpublished
manuscript.
83 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Chodos, A. (2009). April 25, 1954: Bell Labs Demonstrates the First Practical Silicon
Solar
Cell.
Retrieved
2019
December
11
from
https://www.aps.org/publications/apsnews/200904/physicshistory.cfm.
Crane, T.G., Felder, J.P., Thompson, P.J., Thompson, M.G. & Sanders, S.R. (1997).
Partnering Process Model. Journal of Management in Engineering, vol. 13, no. 3,
pp. 57-63. doi: 10.1061/(ASCE)0742-597X(1997)13:3(57)
Davidson, S., Harmer, M. & Marshall, A. (2015). Strategies for creating and capturing
value in the emerging ecosystem economy. Strategy & Leadership, vol. 43, no. 2,
pp. 2-10. doi: 10.1108/SL-01-2015-0003
de Bakker, F. & Nijhof, A. (2002). Responsible chain management: A capability
assessment framework. Business strategy and the environment, vol. 11, no. 1, pp.
63-75. doi: 10.1002/bse.319
de Treville, S., Shapiro, R.D. & Hameri, A. (2004). From supply chain to demand
chain: the role of lead time reduction in improving demand chain performance.
Journal of Operations Management, vol. 21, no. 6, pp. 613-627. doi:
10.1016/j.jom.2003.10.001
Ethiraj, S. K. (2007). Allocation of Inventive Effort in Complex Product Systems.
Strategic Management Journal, vol. 28, no. 6, pp. 563-584. doi: 10.1002/smj.622
Graça, P. & Camarinha-Matos, L.M. (2017). Performance indicators for collaborative
business ecosystems — Literature review and trends. Technological Forecasting
& Social Change, vol. 116, pp. 237-255. doi: 10.1016/j.techfore.2016.10.012
Hannah, D.P. & Eisenhardt, K.M. (2018). How firms navigate cooperation and
competition in nascent ecosystems. Strategic Management Journal, vol. 39, no.
12, pp. 3163-3192. doi: 10.1002/smj.2750
Hinterhuber, A. (2008). Customer value-based pricing strategies: why companies
resist. Journal of Business Strategy, vol. 29, no. 4, pp. 41-50. doi:
10.1108/02756660810887079
Hirvonen, P. & Helander, N. (2001). Towards joint value creation processes in
professional services. The TQM Magazine, vol. 13, no. 4, pp. 281-291. doi:
10.1108/09544780110391657
Iansiti, M. & Levien, R. (2004). The Keystone Advantage: What the New Dynamics of
Business Ecosystems Mean for Strategy, Innovation, and Sustainability. United
States of America: Harvard Business School Publishing Corporation.
IRENA (2016), The power to change: solar and wind cost reduction potential to 2025.
International Renewable Energy Agency.
Jacobides, M.G., Cennamo, C. & Gawer, A. (2018). Towards a theory of ecosystems.
Strategic Management Journal, vol. 39, no. 8, pp. 2255-2276. doi:
10.1002/smj.2904
84 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Kapoor, R. (2018). Ecosystems: broadening the locus of value creation. Journal of
Organization Design, vol. 7, no. 1, pp. 1-16. doi: 10.1186/s41469-018-0035-4
L. Scott Mills, Michael E. Soulé & Daniel F. Doak (1993). The Keystone-Species
Concept in Ecology and Conservation. BioScience, vol. 43, no. 4, pp. 219-224.
doi: 10.2307/1312122
Lepak, D.P., Smith, K.G. & Taylor, M.S. (2007) Value Creation and Value Capture:
A Multilevel Perspective. The Academy of Management Review, vol. 32, no. 1,
pp. 180-194. doi: 10.2307/20159287
McLachlin, R. (1997) Management initiatives and just-in-time manufacturing. Journal
of Operations Management, vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 271-292. doi: 10.1016/S02726963(97)00010-7
Mentzer, J.T., DeWitt, W., Keebler, J.S., Min, S., Nix, N.W., Smith, C.D. & Zacharia,
Z.G. (2001). Defining supply chain management. Journal of Business Logistics,
vol. 22, no. 2, pp. 1-25. doi: 10.1002/j.2158-1592.2001.tb00001.x
Michael E. Porter (Nov-Dec 1996). What is Strategy?. Harvard Business Review, pp.
61-78.
Moore, J.F. (May 1993). Predators and prey: a new ecology of competition. United
States of America: Harvard Business School Press.
Moore, J.F. (1996). The death of competition (1st ed.). New York: HarperCollins
Publishers.
Morgan, N.A. & Rego, L.L. (2006) The Value of Different Customer Satisfaction and
Loyalty Metrics in Predicting Business Performance. Marketing Science, vol. 25,
no. 5, pp. 426-439. doi: 10.1287/mksc.1050.0180
Paine, R.T. (1969) A note on trophic complexity and community stability. The
American Naturalist, vol. 103, no. 929. www.jstor.org/stable/2459472
Vitousek, P. M., D'Antonio, C. M., Loope, L. L. & Westbrooks, R (1996). Biological
Invasions as Global Environmental Change. American Scientist, vol. 84, no. 5,
pp. 468-478. https://www.jstor.org/stable/29775751
Plecher, H. (2019). The 30 largest countries in the world by total area. Retrieved 2019
December 4 from https://www.statista.com/statistics/262955/largest-countriesin-the-world/.
Porter, M. (2001). The Value Chain and Competitive Advantage. In D. Barnes (Eds.)
Understanding Business: Processes (pp. 50-66). London and New York:
Routledge.
Porter, M.E. (2008). The Five Competitive Forces That Shape Strategy. Harvard
Business Review, vol. 86, no. 1, pp. 23-41.
85 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Ritala, P. (2012). Coopetition Strategy – When is it Successful? Empirical Evidence
on Innovation and Market Performance. British Journal of Management, vol. 23,
no. 3, pp. 307-324. doi: 10.1111/j.1467-8551.2011.00741.x
Rong, K., Hu, G., Lin, Y., Shi, Y. & Guo, L. (2015). Understanding business
ecosystem using a 6C framework in Internet-of-Things-based sectors.
International Journal of Production Economics, vol. 159, pp. 41-55. doi:
10.1016/j.ijpe.2014.09.003
Rothwell, R. (1994). Towards the Fifth-generation Innovation Process. International
Marketing Review, vol. 11, no. 1, pp. 7-31. doi: 10.1108/02651339410057491
Rowley, J. & Slack, F. (2004). Conducting a literature review. Management Research
News, vol. 27, no. 6, pp. 31-39. doi: 10.1108/01409170410784185
Rubenstein, H. (2012) The death of competition: Leadership and strategy in the age
of
business
ecosystems.
Retrieved
2020
January
17
from
http://herbrubenstein.com/wordpress/2012/03/the-death-of-competitionleadership-and-strategy-in-the-age-of-business-ecosystems/.
Ruokolainen, T., Ruohomaa, S. & Kutvonen, L. (2011). Solving Service Ecosystem
Governance. 2011 IEEE 15th International Enterprise Distributed Object
Computing Conference Workshops, Helsinki, Finland, 29 August - 2 September
2011, pp. 18-25.
Saunders, M.N.K., Thornhill, A. & Lewis, P. (2016). Research Methods for Business
Students (7th ed.). Harlow, United Kingdom: Pearson Education Limited.
Scaringella, L. & Radziwon, A. (2018). Innovation, entrepreneurial, knowledge, and
business ecosystems: Old wine in new bottle?. Technological Forecasting &
Social Change, vol. 136, pp. 59-87. doi: 10.1016/j.techfore.2017.09.023
Shieber, J. (2018). A new solar technology could be the next big boost for renewable
energy. Retrieved 2019 December 11 from https://techcrunch.com/2018/12/26/anew-solar-technology-could-be-the-next-big-boost-for-renewable-energy/.
Song, J., Sun, Y. & Jin, L. (2017). PESTEL analysis of the development of the wasteto-energy incineration industry in China. Renewable and Sustainable Energy
Reviews, vol. 80, pp. 276-289. doi: 10.1016/j.rser.2017.05.066
Talmar, M. (n. d.). Ecosystem Pie Model: The toolkit for the qualitative modeling of
innovation
ecosystems.
Retrieved
2020
February
07
from
https://ecosystempie.com/.
Talmar, M., Walrave, B., Podoynitsyna, K.S., Holmström, J. & Romme, A.G.L.
(2018). Mapping, analyzing and designing innovation ecosystems: The
Ecosystem Pie Model. Long Range Planning, pp. 1-9. doi:
10.1016/j.lrp.2018.09.002

86 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

Tsvetkova, A. (2014). Designing sustainable industrial ecosystems: the case of a
biogas-for-traffic solution. Doctoral dissertation, Åbo Akademi University,
Turku, Finland. Retrieved from https://www.doria.fi/handle/10024/101941.
Tsvetkova, A., Gustafsson, M. & Wikström, K. (2014). Chapter 12: Business Model
Innovation for Eco-innovation: Developing a Boundary-Spanning Business
Model of an Ecosystem Integrator. In S. Garrido Azevedo, M. Brandenburg, H.
Carvalho & V. Cruz-Machado (Eds.), Eco-Innovation and the Development of
Business Models (pp. 221-241). Switzerland: Springer International Publishing.
Tsvetkova, A., Nokelainen, T., Gustafsson, M. & Eriksson, K. (2017). Chapter 20: A
framework for ecosystemic strategizing and change. In Vesalainen, J., Valkokari,
K., Hellström, M. (Eds.), Practices for network management: In Search of
Collaborative Advantage (pp. 275-301). Palgrave Macmillan.
Turner, R., Lasserre, C. & Beauchet, P. (2007) Marketing Metrics Innovation in field
force bonuses: Enhancing motivation through a structured process-based
approach. Journal of Medical Marketing, vol. 7, no. 2, pp. 126-135. doi:
10.1057/palgrave.jmm.5050081
Ulwick, A.W. (2002). Turn customer input into innovation. Harvard Business Review,
pp. 1-9.
Wernerfelt, B. (1989). From Critical Resources to Corporate Strategy. Journal of
General
Management,
vol.
14,
no.
3,
pp.
4-12.
doi:
10.1177/030630708901400301
Wu, L. (2017). Achieving competitive advantage: customer value drivers based market
strategy in China. Master’s thesis, Tampere University of Technology, Tampere,
Finland.
Zott, C. & Amit, R. (2010). Business Model Design: An Activity System Perspective.
Long Range Planning, vol. 43, pp. 216-226. doi: 10.1016/j.lrp.2009.07.004

87 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

8 APPENDIX
The five forces mentioned in Porter’s framework are the following (see Figure A):
existing competitors, new entrants, suppliers, buyers and substituting products and
services. The existing competitors share the value created in the ecosystem, while the
suppliers and the buyers have the power to take a share of the value and the possible
new entrants and the substitutes might limit the value creation with their actions
(Porter, 2008).

Figure A. The Five Forces (Porter, 2008).

The first force in the framework is the threat of entry. New competitors bring fresh
knowledge and capabilities to the market while desiring to gain market share. Already
the threat of new entrants limits the incumbents’ profitability. When the threat of new
competitors is high, the incumbents need to keep their prices low in order to limit the
possibilities to enter with a competing price. For the incumbents it is possible to keep
the prices down through for example supply-side economies of scale. When the focal
company buys large amounts of the supplier’s products, it can command better terms
and the costs can be divided on more units. This is one of the entry barriers that benefits
the incumbent over the new competitors. Another barrier is the demand-side benefits
of scale. This barrier arises due to network effects: a customer is more willing to buy
88 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

from producers that many other users also prefer. The customer usually opts a familiar
producer over an unknown actor in the field. Apart from the familiarity of an
incumbent in the field, the customer also faces fixed customer switching costs when
they change their supplier, including for example costs for retraining the employees to
use the new product or for possible changes in the processes. For the new entrants, the
capital requirements might limit the entry. The entrant needs to for example build an
inventory or fund the losses caused during the start-up stage. There are also barriers
that are independent of company size. An incumbent, for example, might own a patent
on a technological solution or favoured access to the best raw material sources, and
the knowledge collected during its operating lifetime gives the incumbent a noticeable
head start. The unequal access to distribution channels is another issue that the new
entrants need to solve when entering a new industry, and the worst-case scenario would
be that the entrant needs to create new channels on their own. Government policy might
both limit and simplify the entry; on the one hand the government might, for example,
require licenses that are difficult to acquire, or on the other hand it might subsidise the
new actor. (Porter, 2008)
The following list is to summarise the barriers Porter (2008) mention that new
competing actors must overcome to enter the market and that incumbent actors can
benefit from when trying to maintain their position:
•

Supply-side economies of scale

•

Demand-side benefits of scale

•

Customer switching costs

•

Capital requirements

•

Advantages independent on company size

•

Unequal access to distribution channels

•

Restrictive government policy

The second force is the power of the suppliers. The suppliers have extensive power
over the value captured by the focal company, since they set the price and decide on
the quality of their deliverables. The supplier groups are especially powerful if they
are more concentrated than their buyers. Another factor that makes the suppliers
powerful is who they sell to; a supplier group that sells to various ecosystems have
more power than a supplier that serves only one ecosystem. The buyers also suffer
89 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

from the fact that shifting costs will occur if they change their suppliers, the buyer
having to, for example, re-educate their staff or re-locate closer to the new supplier. If
the supplier offers a unique product/service, the buyer also has less to say about the
price. Moreover, if the offering of the supplier is adaptable and the focal company
cannot pay the correct price, the supplier might by-pass the focal company and sell
directly to the end-user. This might decrease the captured value of the focal company.
(Porter, 2008)
The factors that makes a supplier group powerful are for instance the following:
•

Higher concentration of suppliers versus buyers

•

Increasing number of buyers

•

High supplier shifting costs

•

Unique supplier offering

•

Supplier integration possibility

The power of buyers is the third force. The buyer can either be the end customer or
an intermediate customer. The analysing process is mostly the same for these buyer
groups, with one difference that will be mentioned in the end of this section. The
customers can exercise their power by demanding lower prices or better quality of the
product/service. The buyer groups can either have negotiation leverage or be price
sensitive. (Porter, 2008)
The focal company has little to say during negotiations if the buyers are few in numbers
or if they buy large volumes. Additionally, if the focal company offers standardised or
undifferentiated products, the buyer also has more power during negotiations. Lastly,
low switching costs or if the buyer can make the product themselves also puts the focal
company in an unfortunate situation during negotiations. (Porter, 2008)
The focal company needs to be considerate when setting their prices if their customers
earn low profits. Also, if the focal company offering has little effect on the quality of
the customer’s product/service, the buyer might also be price sensitive. Furthermore,
if the price of the focal company offering is a large part of the customer’s total cost or
if the offering in no way affects the other costs, the customer also becomes price
sensitive. (Porter, 2008)

90 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

As mentioned earlier, there is one minor detail that needs to be considered when
analysing an intermediate customer. An intermediate customer buys the
product/service of the focal company and sells it further to the end user. The important
detail that should be considered is the influencing power the customer has on the end
user’s decisions. (Porter, 2008) Considering the fact that the intermediate customer
probably has a great number of customers, this intermediate customer is most likely
one of the most powerful buyers.
The buyers are powerful if some of the following factors are present:
•

Few customers

•

Customers buying large volumes

•

Focal company offering is standardised or undifferentiated

•

Low customer switching costs

•

Customer can produce the offering itself

•

The customer is in an intermediary role

The buyers are price sensitive if some of these factors are present:
•

Customer’s earning profits are low

•

Offering of low importance for the customer’s product

•

The price of the offering is a big share of the customer’s total costs

•

The price of the offering has no effect on the rest of the costs of the customer

A substitute is a product or service that completes the same task as the focal company’s
product or service. The threat of substitutes is the fourth force. The threat of
substitutes might easily be overlooked, since the threat might be indirect or
downstream from the focal company. (Porter, 2008) An example of a substitute could
be a photovoltaic solar panel. When the solar panel first was commercialised in 1954
(Chodos, 2009), the incineration engine suppliers would have never thought of the
solar panel as a threat. The efficiency of the solar panel at that time was about 6%
(Chodos, 2009), being nowhere near able to produce enough electricity to meet the
demand. However, the solar panels being developed today are expected to be able to
achieve a conversion efficiency of 37% (Shieber, 2018), making it possible to use solar
power to generate power commercially. Additionally, the price per generated power
has decreased substantially over the last decade (see Figure B), and it seems that the
91 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

price still might drop. This, and the fact that the society becomes more conscious about
how the emissions caused by incineration affects the planet, has put the incineration
engine suppliers in a difficult position when many utilities and independent power
plants substitute the engines with solar panels.
Module
Inverter
Racking and mounting
Other Balance of System hardware
Installation/ EPC/ development
Other

Figure B. Global weighted average cost for the total system of solar PV in utility scale
projects (IRENA, 2016).

The profitability of a company suffers from a high threat of substitutes. There are two
cases when the threat is tangibly high: first, if the price-performance ratio is better for
the substitute than for the existing offering, and second, if the switching costs are low
for the customer. (Porter, 2008) Low switching costs will lead to a situation where the
customer compares the competitiveness of the products frequently, which means that
the pricier offering suffers.
The threat of substitutes is high when
•

The price-performance ratio is better for the substitute

•

The switching costs are low for the buyer

The fifth, and probably the most familiar, competitive force is the rivalry among
existing competitors. Usually we see this rivalry in the form of price discounting, new
innovations and improvements to the product/service, and as advertising campaigns.

92 (93)

Framework for strategising in business ecosystems

Amanda Pettersson

The effect of the rivalry depends on two factors; the intensity with which the rivals
compete and on which basis they compete.
The intensity of rivalry is high if the competitors are equal in size and power. If the
ecosystem growth is slow, the competition over market share will become fierce.
Moreover, if the exit barriers are high it will also trigger the competition. Exit barriers
might be, for example, manager attachment to the business. The competition also
increases if there are several companies wanting to gain the leadership role of an
ecosystem. (Porter, 2008)
The most devastating basis that the rivalry can originate from is the competition about
prices. This rivalry will decrease the profitability for all competitors involved,
transferring the created value to the customers. The price competition is most likely to
occur if the competitors are very similar. Furthermore, if the fixed costs are high and
other costs only marginal, the prices are almost impossible to disperse. If the products
produced by the competitors are easily spoiled or perishable, like pastry or mobile
phones that are constantly developed, the producer might want to cut the prices while
the product still has value. (Porter, 2008)
If the competition is based on other grounds than the price, the result is usually
favourable. Consider today’s situation, when many companies compete in the
ecological field, everyone endeavouring towards the greenest working process. This
will favour both the society and the conscious customers, which might lead to a
situation when the prices even can be increased. (Porter, 2008)
The degree of severity of the competition amongst existing rivals increase if
•

Competitors are equal in size and power

•

Ecosystem growth is slow

•

High exit barriers

•

Leader role is coveted

•

Competitors are nearly identical

•

High fixed cost, other costs marginal

•

Perishable products

93 (93)

