Susanne Kivekäs

The use of the English language
in the Evangelical Lutheran parishes in Finland

Susanne Kivekäs 28378
Pro gradu-avhandling i engelska
språket och litteraturen
Handledare: Brita Wårvik
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi
och teologi
Åbo Akademi
2020

Susanne Kivekäs

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY
Abstract for Master’s Thesis
Subject: English language and literature
Author: Susanne Kivekäs
Title: The use of the English language in the parishes in Finland
Supervisor: Brita Wårvik
The Evangelic Lutheran Church of Finland (ELCF) and its parishes have gone through some
changes concerning language use, mainly because of the large number of asylum seekers
that entered the country in 2015. Immigration and globalization have had an impact on the
very much mono- or bilingual ELCF and it has had to rethink strategies to introduce other
languages, mostly English, as part of their institution, activities and church ordinances.
Traditionally, the ELCF is considered a helper in crisis situations and in the recent decade,
work done with immigrants, refugees and asylum seekers have been part of the parish
workers’ daily life. Many of the parishes have started using the English language as the
lingua franca in the activities organized at the parish to conclude the non-Finnish speakers.
The aim of this study has been to investigate the use of English in the Evangelic Lutheran
parishes in Finland, mainly looking at to what extent and in what contexts the English
language is used. Data for this study were collected in the autumn of 2019 through an online
questionnaire distributed to all of the 328 Finnish Evangelic-Lutheran parishes.
The parishes in Finland organize activities in English for all ages: clubs, camps, choirs,
confirmation lessons, Sunday schools, concerts, sermons, masses and devotional assemblies.
Family events connected to Christian life, like baptisms, church weddings and funerals are
conducted in the parish on a regular basis. English is mostly used alongside Finnish, to help
immigrants get integrated into society. The use of English in the parishes has been spread
across Finland quite widely, but due to for example relocation and centralization of
immigration centers some of the activities in English have ended in part of the parishes.
Immigrants’ language skills have also developed and therefore both Finnish and English are
spoken in activities at the parishes. A comparison between the use of English in Finnish
parishes and in the Finland-Swedish parishes is included in the study. The English language
is used similarly in both language groups. English is mostly used in family events and other
low-threshold activities, where English is incorporated effortlessly. The parish workers’
positive attitudes towards the use of English and language skills are shown in both language
groups. The English language has established itself as a current aid among immigrant work
in the parishes in Finland.
Key words: religious discourse, ELCF, Church, parishes, language use, English language,
immigration
Date: 31.03.2020

Page count: 50

Susanne Kivekäs

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Introduction ......................................................................................................................1
2. Theoretical background ...................................................................................................3
2.1. Church laws, language strategies and visions on the future .....................................6
2.2. The Church Research Centre ....................................................................................8
2.2.1. Community, participation and faith ...................................................................8
2.2.2. Socially Engaged Lutheranism ......................................................................... 11
2.2.3. From emergency accommodation to the bells in Aleppo ................................. 14
3. Methods and materials ...................................................................................................18
3.1. Questionnaire ........................................................................................................... 18
4. Results ............................................................................................................................. 21
4.1. Activities in English ................................................................................................. 21
4.2. Masses, sermons and devotional assemblies ........................................................... 22
4.3. Baptisms, wedding services and funerals ................................................................ 22
4.4. Activities for children .............................................................................................. 24
4.5. Activities for adults ..................................................................................................25
4.6. Musical activities ......................................................................................................26
4.7. Other activities in English ....................................................................................... 27
5. Opinions on the use of English in the parishes .............................................................. 31
5.1. English at work and on the internet ........................................................................33
6. Discussion ........................................................................................................................ 36
7. Conclusion....................................................................................................................... 39
Swedish summary - Svensk sammanfattning: Användningen av det engelska språket i
de evangelisk-lutherska församlingarna i Finland ............................................................ 40
References ........................................................................................................................... 46
Appendix 1 .......................................................................................................................... 48

Susanne Kivekäs

1. Introduction
Lutheranism is the main religion in Finland and nearly 70% of the population are members
of the Evangelic Lutheran Church of Finland (henceforth, ELCF or “the Church”). The
recent decades have been a time of change in the Church due to many factors. Global
migration is a fact and Finland, with its Church, has given shelter and new homes to a large
number of asylum seekers and refugees. The Church have had to revise and rethink about
their strategies and activities in the parishes. The English language has become the mutual
language between parish workers and immigrants from different parts of the world.
The aim of my Master’s thesis is to study the use of English in the Finnish Evangelical
Lutheran parishes. I chose this topic because for my Bachelor’s thesis I investigated the use
of English in the Finland-Swedish parishes and it seems only natural to continue mapping
out the use of English in the rest of the Evangelical Lutheran parishes in Finland. The main
research question for this thesis is: To what extent and in what contexts is the English
language used in the Finnish Evangelic Lutheran parishes? A follow-up research question
is: What are the reasons for the use of English in the Finnish parishes? The thesis is therefore
both a qualitative and a quantitative study on the use of English.
Working as a full-time office secretary in a Finland-Swedish parish office has given me
some insight on and hypotheses of the use of English in the parishes. I am quite certain that
our parish was not the only one to quickly start activities, using English as a lingua franca,
for the large group of refugees that arrived in Finland in 2015 and 2016. The refugee centre
in our parish area has since then closed down, mainly because the majority of the refugees
and asylum seekers have moved or been relocated in bigger towns or cites. Therefore,
activities like interpreted church services for refugees have ended. However, other forms
and activities in English have emerged recently, for example a Christian Book Club, which
is open for anyone with an interest in reading a book in English and discussing it in a group.
The results of my BA thesis showed that English is used in some of the Finland-Swedish
parishes and the reasons for this is mainly the groups and gatherings for the asylum seekers
and immigrants in the country. Some of the Finland-Swedish parishes reported that they did
not have activities in English because the refugees are integrated in the Finnish language
and therefore it was the Finnish parish in the area that organised events in English. Some of
1

Susanne Kivekäs
the Finland-Swedish parishes mentioned the lack of resources for organising events in
English. Results from the questionnaire sent out to the Finnish parishes will shine some light
on the statements.
Another reason why the parishes in Finland use English in Church and in activities
connected to the Church is, I believe, the continuing globalization in the world, which shows
in Finland as well. Finns are travelling more than before and meeting people from all over
the world and occasionally these meetings lead to a commitment for life, i.e. marriage
ceremonies. If the Finn is a member of the Evangelical Church of Finland the wedding
ceremony can be performed in a Finnish church in English (or partly in English). Other
church ordinances in English, like baptism and confirmation, might become current matters
later in these families’ lives.
Having an understanding of the work environment of the ELCF and of the activities in the
parishes as well as understanding the Lutheran mindset justifies the use of English in the
parishes. In the following chapter I will provide some background about what it means to
be a Lutheran in today’s Finland and how the ELCF has dealt with some of the challenges
that has arisen when society has changed. Chapter three describes the materials and methods
for this thesis and chapter four and five defines the results of a questionnaire sent out to the
Finnish Evangelic Lutheran parishes. The questionnaire is attached as an appendix (1) at the
end of the thesis.

2

Susanne Kivekäs

2. Theoretical background
To my knowledge, there has not been any extensive research on the language use in the
parishes in Finland. A general study by Sirpa Leppänen (et al) called Studies in Variation,
Contacts and Change in English 5: National survey on the English language in Finland:
Uses, meanings and attitudes was carried out in 2007 and published online in 2011. The
study describes among other things the use of English in Finland in general and looks at the
general public’s attitudes towards English. The study includes a question about where the
respondent most often hears English in his/her environment. The most common answers in
the study were “the street” (79%), “in shops and stores” (73%) and “in restaurants and cafés”
(70%). According to the respondents the least frequent place where English was heard were
“churches” (12.5%) and “offices” (7.7%). Leppänen (et al) state that encounters with the
English language were especially linked to commercial contexts. English was not often seen
or heard in institutional settings such as offices, libraries, churches, or hospitals, which are
places that are more mono- or bilingual. In other words, the “official” linguistic landscape
of Finnish society included the domestic languages only. For immigrants, for example, this
may be challenging (2011: 66). It is not specified in the study which religious denomination
these churches belonged to. However, since the majority of the Finns are members of the
Evangelic Lutheran church, one can perhaps assume that the majority of the respondents in
the study have had their home church in mind when responding.
Leppänen (et al) give a short description of how the English language has developed in
Finland:
The presence of English has indeed grown steadily from the beginning of the 20th
century. Along with its increased visibility, its status has changed dramatically. The
period from the 1960s to the 1980s – a period of major social, cultural and economic
change – was particularly important in this process. In the early 1960s English was
primarily regarded as a foreign language, almost exclusively for use in
communication with foreigners. By the 1980s it had become a language that
practically everyone studied at some point during their schooling. And by the 2000s,
English had become not only an indispensable vehicular language in international
interactions, but also a language used in many domains and settings within Finnish
society, either as an intra-group language or as an additional language alternating and
mixing with Finnish or Swedish. (2011: 1)

3

Susanne Kivekäs
Globalization and the expanded cultural diversity have impacted not only the Finnish
society in general but also the Church and the activities of the Church in Finland. English
has become the lingua franca among parish workers and the asylum seekers/refugees and
immigrants in Finland. Church ordinances like baptisms and marriages are performed in
English or bilingually (Swedish/Finnish and English) more and more in the Evangelic
Lutheran Church in Finland.
The number of ELCF members is steadily dropping, not only because Finns leave the
Church because of different reasons, but also because childbirth rates in Finland are
dropping and therefore less children are baptized and becoming members of the Church.
The trends have changed and especially among young adults the opinion seems to be that
the Church does not have anything to offer them. As Salomäki et al state: “It is a great
challenge for the Church to reach this age group of 18 to 29-year-olds and include them in
activities they prefer” (2013: 60). The confirmation classes in the ELCF withhold its
reputation as popular among the 15-year-olds in Finland and even after the confirmation the
Church organises some events for the teens, for example camp leader training and ‘open
house’ – evenings for the youth. The fact that Finns start families at an ever-higher age,
compared to before, mean that there is a large gap, timewise that is, with the contact to the
Church (Salomäki et al 2013: 74). Many new parents have not had anything to do with the
Church since they were confirmed. Taking that step to regain contact and booking a time
for a baptism is sometimes too big to take for the young adult.
The challenge of maintaining contact to the younger adults have consequences on the use
of English in the parishes, particularly in diaconal work where volunteers are important.
According to most of the parishes estimated in 2011 that there were no volunteers under the
age of 30 (Salomäki et al 2013:111). Social engagement and volunteer work are connected
to Lutheran tradition and values that play a significant role in Finns’ life. How volunteer
work in the ELCF has changed in more recent years and how a Lutheran mindset, whether
you are a member of the Church or not, affects the engagement to the Church, is further
discussed in chapter 2.2.2.
Kati Niemelä’s article “No longer believing in belonging: A longitudinal study of Finnish
Generation Y from confirmation experience to Church-leaving” from 2015 studies the
younger generation’s attitudes toward the Church and reasons for belonging to it. Niemelä
4

Susanne Kivekäs
takes up the same statistics as other studies about Church-leaving: The number of
Evangelical Lutheran Church-leavers has been unusually high since the beginning of the
21st century, and the vast majority of the leavers have been young adults, often referred to
as Generation Y. Niemelä’s survey results show that Generation Y has a different attitude
to Church membership than previous generations: they clearly do not want to belong to the
Church if they do not believe. This differs greatly from the previous generations, in all
Nordic countries, where belonging to the Church is regarded as an important tradition and
what Niemelä calls “believing in belonging”. Most have stayed as members even if they do
not believe in God or attend Church or other activities arranged by the parish. When it comes
to Church-leaving the decision is seldom a sudden one, but closely linked to an individual’s
life-course. Especially the lack of a religious upbringing and a basic attitude towards
religion and attending confirmation were reasons for young adults in Generation Y to more
likely leave the Church. The confirmation experience was not considered dissatisfactory
among the church-leavers, but it was more that they failed to find a deep meaning in the
experience. Confirmation camp in itself was a good experience but did not make a lasting
effect on them. As Niemelä states about her study on Generation Y (2015:184):
[…] their attitude to religion and the Church follows a different pattern from that of
earlier generations. They primarily make individual decisions based on their own
beliefs and life-view and no longer belong to religious institutions because of
tradition. The generation studied here is also called the “Generation Me”, which
highlights the self-centred focus that is typical of this generation. These young people
want to be something special and something different. In their understanding, Church
membership does not seem to be something special, but something to be avoided if it
does not fit into their values and wider understanding of life. With these attitudes, the
young are challenging religious institutions. They search for deeper personal meaning
and if they do not experience it, they are likely to leave the institutions even if they do
not have anything specific against them.
Leppänen et al and Niemelä both discuss relevant issues for my study. Leppänen et al says
that by the 1980’s everyone studied English at school in Finland and Niemelä talks about
the generation Y, which are in fact the people that have studied English their whole youth.
Taking into consideration that it is the young adults that have the highest proficiency in
English, but are also the ones that leave the Church most eagerly could have some effect on
the use of English in the parishes.

5

Susanne Kivekäs

2.1. Church laws, language strategies and visions on the future
Stipulations on the use of language are mentioned both in the Finnish Church law and in the
language strategy for the Evangelic Lutheran Church in Finland. In Chapter 3 paragraph 5
of the Finnish Church law the following is stated (Kirkkolaki):
Parishes are either Finnish or Swedish or bilingual, unless the language of the
parish or other conditions of membership have been established when the parish
was established or have otherwise been determined separately. (Finn.
Seurakunnat ovat suomenkielisiä tai ruotsinkielisiä taikka kaksikielisiä, jollei
seurakunnan kielestä tai siihen liittyvistä muista jäsenyysedellytyksistä
seurakuntaa perustettaessa tai muutoin erikseen muuta määrätä. Translated by
SK)
In Chapter 4 paragraph 4 states the following about the operating language in the parish:
Worship services and other activities must be organized in Finnish or Swedish
as well as in other minority languages as needed. A member of the Church shall
have the right to receive private Church ordinances concerning him in his native
language, Finnish or Swedish. Other languages may be used for worship and the
Church ordinances. (Finn. Jumalanpalveluksia ja muuta toimintaa on tarpeen
mukaan järjestettävä sekä suomen- tai ruotsinkielisen että muun vähemmistön
kielellä. Kirkon jäsenellä on oikeus saada häntä koskevat yksityiset kirkolliset
toimitukset äidinkielellään, suomeksi tai ruotsiksi. Jumalanpalveluksessa ja
kirkollisessa toimituksessa voidaan käyttää myös muuta kieltä. Translated by
SK)
The ELCF’s language strategy, published in 2014 by the Church Council (Kyrkostyrelsen),
quotes the same law as above in the beginning of the document. The goal of the language
strategy is to promote everyone’s right to practice religion in their own mother tongue. The
aim of the language strategy is not to change any of the stipulations made by Finnish Church
Law or the National Language Strategy where the aim is to maintain an equal status for the
two national languages, Finnish and Swedish. The ELCF’s language strategy has guidelines
and recommendations for the parishes in Finland and takes into count not only Finnish and
Swedish, but also Sami, Romani, sign language and “the languages used by immigrants”.
The statistics from 2012, from the time when the language strategy was established, about
5% of the population in Finland had something else than Finnish or Swedish as their mother
tongue. In only 6 years, the number has increased to 7.1%, as shown by statistics from 2018.
6

Susanne Kivekäs
(Vieraskieliset). Among the top five foreign languages that are spoken in Finland is Russian,
Estonian, Arabic, Somali and English. The language strategy points out that the Church
should be a pioneer in the issue of integrating and recruiting immigrants (2014: 15). The
recruitment of immigrant employees is nowadays made easier by the fact that diplomas from
other states are easily compared to domestic exams. However, immigrants in Finland are
getting education in either Finnish or Swedish depending on where they are located.
Knowledge of different languages is key when working in a parish and work especially in
worship, pastoral care and in the diaconate requires good language skills. Particularly in
areas where both national languages are used, exceptions in the recruitment process of
immigrants occur, since their knowledge of both national languages are limited. Even
though recruitment of immigrants is encouraged, the Church has other activities to get
immigrants involved in the Finnish way of life. As the language strategy states (2014:11):
The activities of the Church should be kept open to different language and
cultural groups so that people with different backgrounds can experience
participation in the parish. In view of the Church's mission, preaching, service
and education, it is of utmost importance to consider the various language and
cultural groups.
(Swe. Kyrkans verksamhet bör hållas öppen för olika språk- och kulturgrupper
så att människor med olika bakgrund kan uppleva delaktighet i församlingen.
Med tanke på kyrkans mission, förkunnelse, tjänande och fostran är det av
största vikt att beakta de olika språk- och kulturgrupperna. Translated by SK)
The laws and strategies established by the Church are guidelines for the work done in the
parishes. Openness is a key word and taking different languages and cultural groups into
consideration is important in the international work. A parish in Finland is always either
Finnish or Swedish (or bilingual in some cases), but other languages can be used if needed.
In 2010, the Church Council published a strategy called The Church 2020: A future report
for the ELCF (Swe. Kyrkan 2020: Framtidsredogörelse för Evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i
Finland. Translated by SK). The strategy describes how activities in the ELCF are changing
and provides visions on how the Church could look like in 10 years’ time, i.e. the time right
now, the year 2020. The strategy gives insights on the global and national changes, changes
in religiosity and church life and the changes’ effect on the parishes in Finland. The language
use in the parishes is not discussed in the strategy but topics related to it is. According to
the strategy, global matters and problems, e.g. pandemics and acts of terror will increase
7

Susanne Kivekäs
and the role of the Church as a helper in these crises is emphasized. The development of the
information society and the changes it brings affects the Church as well. Community
services are transferred to the web and the older generation, which statistically is the largest
group of Church members (Kirkon tilastot), are not included in the chain of information
provided on the web. Immigration is briefly mentioned in the strategy and it is stated that
cultural diversity will become more common in future Finland. The mission of the ELCF
and the parishes is described as follows (2010: 29):
The task of the Church and the parishes is to develop the service of worship and
other activities so that people who have moved here from all corners of the
world can experience genuine Christian unity and participation. (Swe. Det är
kyrkans och församlingarnas uppgift att utveckla gudstjänstlivet och den övriga
verksamheten så att människor som flyttat hit från världens alla hörn kan
uppleva genuin kristen enhet och delaktighet. Translated by SK)

2.2. The Church Research Centre
The Church Research Centre (Kirkon tutkimuskeskus), established in 1969, plays a big part
in distributing information not only to the ELCF but also to the general public. Their mission
is to carry out research on e.g. changes in the church and religious life as well as on the
various influences in society that are necessary for the decision-making in Church and the
development of the Church and its parishes. The Church Research Centre also maintains
contact to both Finnish and foreign universities and research institutes and grants
scholarships to researchers. The Church Research Centre also gather information about the
activities in the parishes and create surveys and reports especially for the Church. These
findings are published mostly electronically for everyone to take part of and can also be
purchased. In the next chapters I will examine some of these publications and present data
that is relevant to my own research.
2.2.1. Community, participation and faith
The book Community, Participation and Faith. Contemporary Challenges of the
Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland was published by the Church Research Centre in
2013. The authors of the publication are Hanna Salomäki, Harri Palmu, Kimmo Ketola, Kati
Niemelä, Maarit Hytönen and Veli-Matti Salminen. The volume describes for example the
working environment of the ELCF and the challenges that the Church faces today. Even
though the book describes situations and activities in the Church as they were in the early
8

Susanne Kivekäs
2010’s, not much has changed since that. The publication brings up e.g. individualism,
which has challenged the traditional ways of belonging to a community and participating
also in religious activities. It is a fact that the people in Finland, like the people in many
other countries in Europe, are not as attached to the Church as they have been before. Finns’
values have changed and the commitment to the Church has weakened.
The data gathered for the publication are mainly based on the Church Council’s basic data
on demographic changes and operation and economy from each parish. Additional
information for the publication was gathered from the Church Research Centre’s
questionnaires for the parishes and federations of parishes from 2011. The data from the
questionnaires include information from different areas of work in the parish, for example
general parish work, early childhood education, preteen and youth work, confirmation
school, work in schools and educational institutions, diaconal and social work, mission
work, communication, personnel, development and administration, operation of religious
movements and organizations and immigration and twin parish operation (Salomäki et al
2013: 8).
Statistics show that the number of members of the ELCF is declining steadily. Only recently,
in 2018, the number of members in the ELCF dropped under 70% (69.74 %) for the first
time. Statistics from the past 5 years show a steady decrease of 50 000-60 000 people leaving
the Church every year and approximately 15 000/year joining the Church (Kirkon tilastot).
Even though Finland is perceived as a secular country where religion is a private issue
(Markkola 2015: 3), the ELCF plays a big part in the Finns life, mainly through family
events like baptisms, confirmations, wedding ceremonies and funerals. According to
Salomäki et al also the tasks related to supporting the community are important reasons for
being a member of the Church. Issues like taking care of the disadvantaged in society, like
the elderly and the disabled, are considered important by the majority of the Church
members. Defending the poor and marginalized in public discussion as well as the Church’s
aid to Third World countries were mentioned as important reasons for Church membership.
A large majority of Finns expect the Church to have a more active role in generating societal
debate. Opinion polls indicate that two thirds of the Finns think that the Church should speak
more directly about social grievances and participate more strongly in the debate about life
values. Nearly half of Finns support the idea that the Church would participate more actively
in the debate in the media (Salomäki et al 2013: 49).
9

Susanne Kivekäs

According to both Salomäki et al and Statistics Finland from 2011, immigration from abroad
has been a more significant reason for increase in population than natural population growth.
The statistics from 2011 show that migration from abroad was at its highest ever and to this
day the immigration has continued steadily, which also Salomäki et al predicted: “All
prognoses indicate that immigration is a permanent and continuously increasing
phenomenon in Finland” (2013: 26). In the beginning of the 2010’s the most important
reasons for immigration were family reasons, work or study. Particularly moving for
employment had increased, while comparatively few had come to Finland in search of
international protection. From 1992 till the end of 2010, about 33 000 persons with a refugee
background had arrived in Finland. In comparison, according to the statistics from Finnish
Immigration Service, a total of more than 42 000 asylum seekers came to Finland during
the period 2012-2015. I will take closer look on his period of time in a later chapter.
Salomäki et al also state that the religious views of immigrants are not recorded, so no
reliable data is available on them. The asylum policy of Finland has been an issue of debate
the last decade and the Church has been involved in counteracting in racist hate speeches
on social media. The hate speeches were particularly frequent in 2010 and resulted in the
production of materials, namely 10 Allegations and Facts and 10 Facts about Refugees, to
support the discussions preceding the Church council and parliamentary elections. In 2011,
most parishes had no activities directed to immigrant groups. Activities did occur in some
parishes, but they were organised mostly as common events and temporary activities for
people with different nationalities and for those from Ingria and Russia. Immigrants were
visible in the diaconal work, approximately 5000 immigrants visited the diaconal
receptions. The help provided consisted of mental support, economic aid, counselling or
spiritual support (Salomäki et al 2013: 108).
Salomäki et al conclude with an accurate statement by saying that the number of immigrants
continue to increase and that the Church needs to tackle the challenges that arise due to this.
Volunteer work within the diaconal work is suggested as an aid to deal with the challenges.
The expectations of helping the disadvantaged are emphasised as the focal points in the
future, both in the eyes of Finns in general and in the eyes of the Church’s elected
representatives, employees and members. Volunteer work is brought up as an important
resource connected to parish work (2013:110).

10

Susanne Kivekäs
2.2.2. Socially Engaged Lutheranism
The book Socially Engaged Lutheranism. Finnish attitudes to faith and the Church in the
light of surveys and statistics published in 2018 by the Church Research Centre and written
by Kimmo Ketola, Maarit Hytönen, Veli-Matti Salminen, Jussi Sohlberg and Leena Sorsa
studies the empirical survey data based on the ELCF’s four-year report for the years 20122015. The survey brings up many of the realities mentioned in previous surveys by the
Church Research Centre. As mentioned before, a large number of asylum seekers entered
Finland during this period of time and Ketola et al present some of the ramifications it had
on the ELCF. Ketola et al state for example that all kind of migration changes Finland, be
it emigration or immigration. Mobility and migration also increase cultural diversity and
have an impact on regional differences. World views are impacted when changes occur and
people’s faith in many traditional authorities, like the Church, is weakened. The Christian
faith is finding new forms and becoming more diverse. The present time is characterized by
rapid change, meetings of cultures and a diversity of world views and the Church’s mission
to evangelise is challenged by an environment where the Christian faith is no longer familiar
(2018: 7, 22). As mentioned in an earlier chapter, 42 000 asylum seekers came to Finland
in the period 2012-2015. Most of them, more than 32 000, came in 2015. The largest groups
of asylum seekers came from Iraq, Afghanistan and Somalia. Ketola et al present statistics
from 2015, saying that at the end of the year, some 330 000 people with a foreign mother
tongue were resident in Finland and 45 155 of these were members of the Evangelic
Lutheran Church of Finland. The problem with the statistics is that Finnish authorities do
not register or compile statistics of the religious affiliation or background of immigrants to
Finland as they arrive. Ketola et al continue by stating that most of the foreign-born people
in Finland are not members of any religious community. Acquiring membership at the
ELCF is done through baptism, if one is not already a member of a Christian denomination.
However, as the ELCF state on their webpage: baptism is the sacrament of Christian
initiation: it is the prerequisite for being a Christian rather than becoming a member of the
Church, which is a secondary matter (Membership).
Immigrant integration work in the parishes grew significantly in 2015 and Ketola (et al)
describe the situation like this (2018: 57):
The growing number of asylum seekers was visible in the work done in parishes.
The Church Council sent the parishes a general letter with instructions in the
11

Susanne Kivekäs
form of recommendations about how they could get involved in helping asylum
seekers. The parishes were informed that parish camp centers and parish halls
could be used for emergency accommodation. Church employees and
volunteers were provided with online information on practical issues regarding
providing assistance and support for asylum seekers, whether materially or
socially.
Almost half (45%) of the parishes named a person or team to be responsible for the
immigration issues. Training for multicultural work was also offered in a quarter of the
parishes. When asked what kind of assistance the parishes mainly had provided for
immigrants, three topics were mentioned: advice, spiritual support and financial support.
Activities that had increased since the asylum seekers arrived were for example clothing
drives, extra collection during service, food service and sport events. The report also asked
what ethnic and cultural groups activities were organized for and the most often mentioned
were Iraqis, Afghans, Syrians, various African groups (particularly Sudanese), Russians,
Estonians, Ingrians, Romani, Vietnamese, Burmese, Thai and Chinese. Ketola et al state
that as most of the asylum seekers arriving in Finland were from Iraq and Afghanistan, it is
obvious that these are the groups for whom the activities were tailored. Language use in the
parishes is discussed briefly (2018: 258):
In addition to Finnish and Swedish, parishes provided activities mainly in
English, Arabic or Russian. Nearly a fifth (17%) of parishes arranged activities
in English. Some eight per cent offered activities in Arabic. Some five per cent
had activities in Russian. The percentage of activities in other languages (such
as Estonian, German, French) were considerably smaller.
The report shows that being Lutheran has an interesting effect on attitudes to cultural
diversity. This was measured by the respondents’ attitudes towards the meeting places of
various faiths and world views. As Ketola et al state: “...the topical question of the presence
of Islam in Finnish society, those with the most Lutheran views were less negative than nonreligious Finns” (2018:64). A previous study, which showed that countries where Protestant
Christianity is the major faith have been better than average at adapting to diversities of
culture and faith, confirms this statement. In Finland, the resistance towards Islam and its
culture is mainly non-religious. Mainstream Lutheranism, including revivalist movements,
seem to have a more open-minded attitude towards Islam, compared to very conservative

12

Susanne Kivekäs
Christian communities. The negativity against Islam correlates with the negativity in
nationalism, traditional moral values and non-membership of any religious community.
Finns as Lutherans and the Lutheran mindset are discussed in the chapter A church that
encourages social engagement. Ketola et al state that Lutheran traditions are respected by
the Finns, not only members of the Church but also non-members. Lutheran traditions are
considered to be a part of Finnish culture, history and social life and the acceptance of the
Lutheran traditions are not seen as showing support for Lutheranism or the Lutheran
Church. The Church has a centuries-long tradition of helping the vulnerable and particularly
the Church’s work in prisons, hospitals and the defence forces are appreciated and respected
by the Finns (2018: 68, 72).
Ketola et al state, similarly as Niemilä and Salomäki et al in previous chapters, that
“Christian tradition is no longer transferred to new generations, but requires active and
individual efforts from parishes to support parents in providing a Christian upbringing”
(2018:71). The practical and down-to-earth support that the Church offers to families in
forms of for example Sunday schools and clubs for children were born out of the needs of
the families. When these activities begun, they were trailblazing services that made
everyday life significantly easier for families, Ketola et al state. According to the study,
Finns remain very open to the traditions and interestingly, activities like evening prayers,
Sunday schools or the parish day club were not regarded as particularly religious activities
but rather seen as parts of the daily life (2018:70).
Volunteer work in Finland, as well as in the other Nordic countries, is considered important
and the Finns are regarded as highly active volunteers. Ketola et al state the following
(2018:73):
Most Finns are ready to help and motivated to do voluntary work. Compassion
and the sense of a citizen’s duty compel them to help others. This study found
that people who are involved in their parish and support a Lutheran view of the
world are often active helpers. Such helpers are found among ELCF members
and other religious communities, but also among those who are not members of
a religious communities.

13

Susanne Kivekäs
The compassion and sense of duty mentioned is strongly connected to the Lutheran values
and traditions, that ought to be passed on to the younger generations. Clearly there is a shift
in the mindset of the Finns, the older generation value the sense of community more while
the younger generation consider individualism as a more important aspect in life.
Ketola et al conclude by reflecting on the increased need for multicultural work and the need
for increased religious dialogue and theology of religion in the parishes. The authors point
out that it is important to express hospitality in meetings between different cultures and
people, and the Church has a significant role in these matters. The need for cultural bridgebuilders have increased the recent years, and in many ways the ELCF has showed its
strength in being a mediator in these situations. As Finland becomes more international, so
does the ELCF and being “in touch with the global currents of Christianity” becomes a
central mission (2018:63,75).
2.2.3. From emergency accommodation to the bells in Aleppo
The publication Hätämajoituksesta Aleppon kelloihin: Evankelis-luterilaisten seurakuntien
turvapaikkatyö Suomessa (“From emergency accommodation to the bells for Aleppo: The
Evangelic-Lutheran parishes’ work with asylum seekers in Finland” (translated by SK) by
Hanna Niemi and Ulla Siirto from 2017 tells about the work done in the parishes in Finland
with the large number (over 30 000) of asylum seekers that came to Finland in 2015.
Niemi’s and Siirto’s publication is based on surveys and interviews among deacons and
other parish workers who have been involved in the immigrant work in the parish. Many of
the parishes in Finland did not have a readymade strategy for the large number of asylum
seekers that arrived in the country in 2015. As the ELCF is traditionally seen at as in
institution that helps the marginalized people in society, it was assumed that the Church had
to be involved in the integration of the asylum seekers.
According to the surveys of Niemi and Siirto, about a third of the parishes (37.6%) had
invited asylum seekers to be part of the activities organized in the parish (2017:67). The
contact persons in the multicultural work in the parishes estimated that 80% of the asylum
seekers were Muslims. However, religion was not the big question when activities for these
asylum seekers were organized. Many of the parishes emphasized that the asylum seekers’
14

Susanne Kivekäs
emergency position was not taken advantage of and the conversion to Christianity was not
an underlying goal of the parishes. Activities were organized based on the asylum seeker’s
own situation in life and his/her needs and wishes. Even though there were inadequate
instructions on how to include the asylum seekers in the parish activities, the parish workers
made independent decisions on how to do that. Especially if the vicar had a positive outlook
on the international work in the parish, different activities for the asylum seekers were
established quickly. Many of the parish workers mentioned that the work done with asylum
seekers brought variation to the normal work and in some parishes the work was felt as the
most fun, most diverse and most meaningful work for a long time (2017: 74).
The interviews showed that the interest towards the Church and its activities was
unexpectedly high among the asylum seekers and this surprised many of the parish workers
and volunteers. Since the majority of the asylum seekers were Muslims the parishes wanted
to emphasize that baptism and converting to Christianity was not a guarantee for getting
permanent residency. The parishes were well aware of the risk that converted asylum
seekers could become objects of violence or discrimination by their fellow countrymen.
Conversion to Christianity was also considered a risk factor in case the asylum seeker did
not receive a positive decision on their residency application and was turned back to their
country of origin. To prevent conflicts in the parishes and to guarantee the safety of the
asylum seekers it was decided that photographs of the asylum seekers were not published
on social media (Niemi & Siirto 2017: 74).
The asylum seekers took part in various activities organized by the parishes. Masses of
various kinds and different themes were mentioned: Family masses, International masses
and Masses of the Worlds. If the asylum seekers attended the “normal day mass” (usually
organised on Sundays) some sort of interpretation of it was organized. Usually a volunteer
translated the mass into English and then an English-speaking asylum seeker translated it to
their own language. Some of the parishes also translated or had translated the holy texts and
the liturgy to Arabic, Farsi and/or Dari. Texts already translated by the Church Council
(published on the Sakasti webpage for parish workers) was also used (2017: 68).
Praying was also important for the asylum seekers and in many parishes, evenings devoted
to praying and various kinds of praying groups were established. The diversity of religions
15

Susanne Kivekäs
taking part in these groups was not a problem. The parish workers and volunteers involved
in these activities thought it enriched their work life and the conversations connected to it.
Musical activities were also introduced to the asylum seeker when a mutual language was
difficult to find. The asylum seekers were invited to attend concerts connected to the
traditional passage of the Church year, like the International Most Beautiful Christmas
carols and traditional Christmas concerts. Other kinds of music events that the asylum
seekers could attend was also organized: Charity concerts, Valentine Day’s concerts and
concerts for children and adolescents.
Activities directed to children and adolescents was mentioned as important ways to include
the asylum seekers. Clubs, trips and camps are in general activities that the parish has a
strong knowledge of and to include the asylum seekers in these was easy. Usually the whole
family is included in the activities for children. Sunday schools, family clubs, puppet shows
and family evenings were activities that were mentioned as activities for the whole family.
The sense of community and belonging were important in these events and activities that
were done together were emphasized: singing, playing, crafting and preparing and eating
food.
Activities for adolescents and teens were considered a challenge. Some interviewees
mentioned the negative attitude of the Finnish teens to get involved with the asylum seekers.
The background in the negative attitudes could be found in the teen’s timidity, prejudices
and fears, which could ease with the help and support of adults. The youth work in the
parishes is mainly focused on confirmation and (confirmation) camp leader training, so
inviting the asylum seekers to these was difficult since most of them had not been baptised
to the Christian church. (Niemi & Siirto 2017: 71)
The “bells for Aleppo” that are mentioned in the title refers to an event in 2016 that started
in a parish in Helsinki, where the vicar of the parish challenged other parishes in the country
to join in a church bell ringing to remember victims and protest violence in the war-ravaged
city of Aleppo in Syria. The event’s purpose was to make every one aware of the terrible
situation in the world. At 5pm for 12 days in a row, from October 12th to United Nations
Day on October 24th church bells rang for Aleppo and every day more and more parishes
joined the event. In the end, the event turned into a global event where over 500 churches
16

Susanne Kivekäs
from 20 countries attended (Bells for Aleppo). The tolling of bells is an old tradition in the
ELCF and usually the bells toll when a sermon is about to start and after church ordinances,
especially funerals.
Niemi and Siirto conclude by saying that the increase in the asylum seekers in Finland
forced the Finnish parishes to take a stand about immigration work in the parishes. What
surveys and interviews showed was that the parishes welcomed the asylum seekers with
open arms and helped them in different ways to get a sense of community and belonging.
Even though the arrival of asylum seekers to Finland has subsided for now, it is only a
matter of time when the pressure grows to big and asylum seekers (from example Turkey,
Italy and Greece) are forced to move again. The Finnish parishes ought to make strategies
how to include immigrants, refugees and asylum seekers as resources in the parishes.

17

Susanne Kivekäs

3. Methods and materials
Since the use of English in the Evangelical Lutheran parishes in Finland is a topic that has
not been widely researched, at least to my knowledge, I went directly to the sources to gather
information on the topic. To answer my research questions, I created a questionnaire, which
was sent out to the 328 Finnish-speaking parishes in Finland. The Finland-Swedish parishes
were excluded, because they were the focus of my study for my Bachelor’s thesis. The
questionnaire was made in Finnish and is a translation of the questionnaire that was sent out
to the Finland-Swedish parishes for my BA. The only difference to the previous
questionnaire is that I added a question about use of English on the parish website.

3.1. Questionnaire
The questionnaire (appendix 1) was made in Microsoft Forms, which is an app part of the
Microsoft Office 365-program, which is used at my workplace. I chose to create the
questionnaire in this app because it is the same app as I used for creating the questionnaire
for my BA. Creating and editing forms in the app is easy, as the readymade “new form” has
different options, like “text”, “choice”, “rating”, “date” and “ranking” to create different
kinds of questions. My questionnaire to the parishes included sixteen questions and was
made in the language of the target group, i.e. Finnish. The translations of the Finnish
responses in chapter 4 are made by me. Half of the questions were open-ended; these were
questions that required descriptions and opinions from the respondent. Due to the variety of
responses in the open-ended questions, categorizing the responses was more difficult, but at
the same time I received more information from the parishes than I would have than with
pre-selected answering options.
Gathering the e-mail addresses for every Finnish parish was a small project in itself. Most
of the parishes have their contact information on the bottom page/in the bottom bar on their
website, but in many cases, I had to look for the address under “Contacts” or some other
page on the website. Most of the Evangelic-Lutheran parishes in Finland have a general
e-mail address for their parish, usually named after the parish, e.g. the parish in Kaarina (Fi.
Kaarinan seurakunta) uses an e-mail address that is kaarinan.seurakunta@evl.fi. The ELCF
uses the domain name evl.fi in all of their e-mail addresses. An advantage of sending the email with the link to the questionnaire via my work e-mail (an evl.fi address) was that the

18

Susanne Kivekäs
directory recognized the e-mail address I was typing in and most of the times I could just
select the correct address from a list, instead of typing the complete address manually.
The questionnaire was sent out mid-October 2019 and was available to answer until midNovember 2019. The questionnaire was sent out to all of the 328 Finnish parishes. The link
to the questionnaire was sent out to the general e-mail addresses of the parishes with a
request to distribute the link among the parish staff. The link to the questionnaire was resent to the general e-mail addresses in the end of October. In the beginning of November,
the questionnaire was sent directly to the parish secretaries and some vicars of the parishes
that had not responded yet. In the end, the final number of responders was 226, making the
final response rate 68.9%.
Finland has nine Lutheran dioceses: Turku, Tampere, Oulu, Mikkeli, Borgå (Porvoo),
Kuopio, Lapua, Helsinki and Espoo. Borgå (Porvoo) diocese serve those who have Swedish
as their mother tongue and they were excluded from this research, because it was included
in my previous study (Kivekäs 2019). The areal distribution of the responses, according to
diocese were as follows: Turku 46%, Tampere 59%, Oulu 55%, Mikkeli 65%, Kuopio 46%,
Lapua 65%, Helsinki 50% and Espoo 42%. By looking at the respond rate from every
diocese I was able to do a comparison with the results from my Bachelor’s thesis. The
response percentage of 75.5 in the Borgå diocese (the Finland-Swedish parishes) is in
comparison somewhat higher than the response percentages from the Finnish dioceses. The
reason for this might be that I have personally, through for example educational days, been
in contact with my colleagues, i.e. the other parish (and office) secretaries in the Swedishspeaking parishes.
There were some issues with the questionnaire. I received about five e-mails from different
Church workers (deacons, cantors and youth workers) wondering or asking if they could
answer the questionnaire because responses about masses and sermons were asked for,
which they thought only the priest in the parish could give the answer to. The response I
gave to the ones that e-mailed me was that anyone from the parish with some kind of
knowledge of the use of English in the parish could reply. Making a questionnaire that
included every part of the parish work was a conscious choice, even though I expected the
bigger parishes to have problems filling it because the workers in them usually are involved
only in their own field of expertise. In smaller parishes it is easier to keep track of the
19

Susanne Kivekäs
activities in the parish because the work community is smaller and the contact between
workers is closer. A general questionnaire about the whole work environment in the parish
was the best choice for this thesis, since the aim was to get a general picture of the use of
English in the parishes.
The results of the questionnaire could be viewed in either Microsoft Forms, sorted by
respondent or by question, or in an Excel chart. The Excel chart helped in organising the
responses, particularly the ones with the pre-selected answering options. The study includes
presentations of frequencies, i.e. answering the research question of how often (to what
extent) English occur in the Finnish parishes. The responses to the questions of in what
contexts and for what reasons the use of English occurs is described qualitatively in
discussions and comments on the open questions. In order for this research to not become
too big, I decided not to make statistical analysis on the results and the responses were not
studied at the diocese level.

20

Susanne Kivekäs

4. Results
4.1. Activities in English
Question 1 was a “click-and-select” question, where the respondents had to choose from a
list of different options, what kind of activity/activities in English they have (or have had)
in their parish. The list of options included: High mass (church service with communion),
Church service (no communion), Devotional assembly (shorter kind of worship), Baptism,
Wedding, Funeral, Confirmation class/Confirmation, Activity for children, Activity for
adolescents/teens, Activity for adults, Musical activities, Other activities and No English
activity in the parish. The alternative Other included a follow-up question if clicked: Please
tell more about what kind of other activities you have in question 10.
Figure 1 demonstrates the number of responses from the parishes.

Activities in English
120

107
95

100

72

80
60
40

48
29

39

37

44
31

20

21

12

20

27

0

Figure 1: Activities in English in the Finnish parishes (Question 1)
Question 1 provides a general outlook on how much English was used and had been used
in the Finnish parishes. As the figure shows, the English language was used in different
kinds of activities in the parishes. The most common activities that had occurred in English
in the Finnish parishes were weddings (47%) and baptisms (42%). High masses got a 21%
response rate, while activities for adults occur in 19% of the parishes. Devotional assemblies
in English received a 17% response rate, funerals in English had occurred in 16% of the
21

Susanne Kivekäs
parishes, confirmation (class) had occurred in 14% of the Finnish parishes and church
service had occurred in 13% of the parishes. Activities for children, Musical activities and
Activity for adolescents/teens received a response rate under 10% so we may assume that
these activities seldom occur in the parishes. Out of the 226 respondents, 32 % answered
that there were no or had not been any activities in English in their parish.

4.2. Masses, sermons and devotional assemblies
Worship in different forms is an important part of parish life, and high masses and sermons
are held in the parishes every Sunday. Devotional assemblies or devotions are held for
example at elderly homes and other institutions for the elderly and sick. Question 2 in the
questionnaire asked how often sermons and masses were held in English. According to the
results, a fifth of the parishes had sermons and masses in English regularly. The frequency
of the sermons and masses held in the parishes varied, 10 parishes responded that masses
and sermons in English were held every or every second month and one parish responded
that masses and sermons in English were held several times during one month. Only four
parishes responded that masses and sermons in English were held every week and 37
parishes responded that they organize masses and sermons in English a couple of times a
year. The rest, 174 parishes responded that they never organize masses or sermons in
English.
When asked about the devotional assemblies in Question 3, the responses were similar to
those about masses and sermons. Out of the 226 responses, 179 responded that they never
organize devotions in English. Only one responded that devotions in English were held
every week and only two parishes responded that devotions in English were held several
times a month. The response “every or every second month” received 7 responses and “a
couple of times a year” received 37 responses.

4.3. Baptisms, wedding services and funerals
Questions 4, 5 and 6 were open-ended questions about how many baptisms, weddings and
funerals in English the parish have had the previous year (2018). I chose the year 2018 so
that it is comparable with the responses from the Finland-Swedish parishes and also because
it is a whole statistical year.

22

Susanne Kivekäs
As the responses to Question 1 in the survey indicated, baptisms in the parishes do occur,
since 95 out of 226 responded that they have had baptisms in English (or partly in English).
The fact that so many parishes responded to the questionnaire created some problems in
analysing the responses, since these were open-ended questions. A list of options could have
been a better solution for this question. Compiling statistics of the language of the
ordinances in the parishes is not obligatory, so I expected the answers to be (gu)estimates
more than anything. Out of the 226 respondents, 122 said they had not had any baptisms in
English in 2018. The rest of the 104 responses were divided as follows: Thirty-seven
parishes were unable to say how many baptisms in English they had had. A total of 28
respondents said that 1 baptism in English (or partly in English) had been conducted in their
parish in 2018. One of these respondents also specified what kind of baptism it was: “a joint
baptism for immigrants”. Parishes that responded that they had had 1-2 baptisms in English
were 11, while parishes that responded that they had had 2-5 baptisms in English the
previous year were 15. One parish responded that they had had 5-10 baptisms in English,
four responded that they had had 10 baptisms in English and one parish responded they had
had 15 baptisms in English. Two respondents said 20 baptisms were conducted in English
and one parish estimated they had had 20-30 baptisms in English. Four respondents said
there had been baptisms in English in 2018, but they were unable to say how many.
Wedding ceremonies had occurred in the parishes fairly frequently in 2018. The responses
were distributed as follows: No wedding ceremonies in English, 113 responses; Unable to
answer, 23 responses; One wedding ceremony in English, 48 responses; Two to five
wedding ceremonies in English, 35 responses; Six to ten wedding ceremonies, 3 responses.
Two parishes responded that they have had about 10 wedding ceremonies in English in 2018
and two parishes responded that there had been wedding ceremonies in English, but were
unable to say how many.
Lutheran funerals in English do not occur as often as baptisms and wedding ceremonies in
the Finnish parishes. A total of 171 respondents said they have not had funerals in English
in the year 2018. Respondents that were unable to answer the questions were 23. One funeral
in English had occurred in 19 of the parishes, while 9 respondents said they had had 2-5
funerals in English in the year 2018. One responded “less than 10” funerals in English.
Three of the respondents said there had been funerals in English, but they were unable to
say how many.
23

Susanne Kivekäs

4.4. Activities for children
The next four questions were open-ended questions about different activities in the parishes.
The first of these questions (number 7) asked about what kind of activities in English for
children is organized in the parishes. A very large number of the respondents, 190 parishes
of 226 said that there were no activities in English for children. Two of the respondents said
that they had had activities in English for children before, but now that the immigration
centre had closed there was no need for it anymore. Four of the respondents said that there
were no regular activities in English for children, but emphasized that if need be, they are
willing to organize something. Activities that were mentioned by the 30 respondents that
organized activities for children in English were for example Sunday schools, family clubs,
family evenings, camps, “Europe club” and “Fellowship Culture Night”.
The responses indicate that many activities for children were organised in both Finnish and
English as an aid to communicate with the non-Finnish speakers that participate. The nonFinnish speaking children were therefore part of the Finnish group and English was used
when need be. Some respondents shared that many of the refugee/immigrant children had
already learned Finnish and therefore the use of English among the activities for children
had decreased. Four quotations from the respondents share details on the use of English
among children:
Respondent 35: “English activities occur within the Finnish activities in the way
that those who speak English meet each other.” (Fi. Englanninkielistä toimintaa
on suomenkielisen toiminnan lomassa siten, että paikalla olevat englantia
puhuvat henkilöt kohtaavat toisensa.)
Respondent 53: “We meet at International Family Evenings where we use both
Finnish and English. The devotionals or the songs are explained in one language
or both, according to the language and needs of the families present.” (Fi. Meillä
kokoontuu Kansainväliset perheillat= International Family Evenings ja siellä
käytämme kielenä sekä suomea että englantia. Hartaus tai laulut ym ovat
tilanteen mukaan selitettyinä joko toisella kielellä tai molemmilla, aina paikalla
kulloinkin olevien perheiden kielen ja tarpeiden mukaan.)
Respondent 172: “As a rule, all activities for children in our parish are
conducted in Finnish. If English is used, then they are special cases.” (Fi.
Pääsääntöisesti kaikki toiminta lapsille tapahtuu meidän seurakunnassa suomen
kielellä. Jos englantia käytetään, niin ne ovat sitten erityistapauksia.)
24

Susanne Kivekäs

Respondent 201: “The family clubs and cafés that are open to everyone are
visited by immigrants, which the parish workers speak English to. The events
are not organised in English as such, but English is used.” (Fi. Kaikille avoimiin
perhekerhoihin ja kahviloihin tulee muualta Suomeen muuttaneita, joiden
kanssa työntekijät puhuvat englantia tarvittaessa. Tilaisuudet eivät ole
varsinaisesti englanninkielisiä, mutta englantiakin käytetään.)

4.5. Activities for adults
The next open-ended question (number 8) was about activities for adults in English in the
parishes. Quite a few, 144 parishes, responded that there are no activities for adults. Seven
of the respondents said that they had had activities in English, but that there no longer was
a need for it. Three of these respondents furtherly specified that the activities they had had
was for the people that had been in the area’s immigration centre but since the centre had
closed and the immigrants had moved elsewhere the groups and gatherings in English had
stopped. Three respondents said that there was no regular activity for adults in English, but
mentioned that if a need for English activities would appear, there would be no problem
creating such activities.
Even though only 44 responses (“clicks”) were given for the option “activity for adults” in
the first question of the questionnaire (“which of these activities do you have (or have had)
in English in your parish) a total of 80 responses were given in the open-ended question
about activities for adults. The responses varied immensely, mentioning activities like Bible
study groups, confirmation classes, theme nights for immigrants and refugees, masses and
sermons, family clubs, discussion groups, “Good Will house/café” events and “Praise
Night”. These activities were mentioned by 4-10 parishes. Activities that were mentioned
by 1-3 parishes were for example prayers in masses/sermons, work with (exchange)
students, courses in Finnish, camps/excursions, diaconal support, “International Morning
Prayer”, Taizé mass and different events during Christmas.
Some quotations from the respondents give further detail on the use of English with adults:
Respondent 17: “Depending on the number of immigrants in the municipality,
one-off events are organised, e.g. a multicultural café. (Fi. Maahanmuuttajien
määrästä paikkakunnalla riippuen järjestetty kertaluonteisia tapahtumia esim.
multikult-kahvila.)
25

Susanne Kivekäs

Respondent 73: “We have several immigrant groups where English is used, in
addition to many other languages. (Fi. Meillä on useampia
maahanmuuttajaryhmiä, joissa käytetään muiden kielien lisäksi englannin
kieltä.)
Respondent 102: “In activities for asylum seekers English is partly spoken, but
the aim is to use Finnish.” (Fi. Turvapaikanhakijoiden toiminnan yhteydessä
puhutaan osittain englantia, mutta pyritään käyttämään suomea.)
Respondent 146: “Asylum seekers have been involved in our parish activities
since 2015. They have regularly been given Christian teaching sessions, where
English partially has been the teaching language.” (Fi. Seurakunnassamme on
ollut toiminnassa mukana turvapaikanhakijoita vuodesta 2015. Heille on pidetty
säännöllisesti kristillisiä opetustilaisuuksia, joissa osittaisena opetuskielenä on
ollut englanti.)
The quotations also describe the difficulty with use of term for the people that have come
to Finland. The respondents rarely use the term refugee (“pakolainen”), but prefer to use
either asylum seeker (“turvapaikanhakija”) or immigrants (“maahanmuuttaja”). The people
attending Church activities have probably integrated rather well in the society by now and
therefore the terms describing a permanent move to the country are preferred to describe
them.

4.6. Musical activities
Music plays a large part in the parishes, and hymns are played at masses, sermons and other
gatherings organized by the parishes. As with the parishes in the Borgå diocese (Kivekäs
2019: 15), the Finnish-speaking parishes seem to have the same opinions on what does count
and what does not count as “musical activities”. Even though a church choir might have
English language hymns in their repertoire and perform the hymns on a regular basis, it does
not count as “regular” activity in the parish. In question 9, ten of the parishes responded that
English is used “occasionally” in musical activities or that there were no regular musical
activities, but that English was used when needed. Twelve respondents mention that there
was or had been a choir that uses in English songs and psalms in their repertoire. A few of
these respondents said that the parish choir leader was a foreigner who uses in English to
communicate with the choir attendees. Another twelve respondents mentioned the event
“The Most Beautiful Christmas carols” in English as a musical activity in the parish. The
26

Susanne Kivekäs
event is yearly occurring popular event by the Felm organization (Fi. Suomen lähetysseura),
which does missionary work in collaboration with the ELCF. Every year a booklet with the
most popular Christmas carols is published and the parishes uses these booklets in sermons
and devotional assemblies and other musical events. The collections taken at these events
are paid to the Felm organization and the object of the collection changes yearly (e.g. given
to education or children in the world).
Music is of course part of church services as well and eight of the respondents mentioned
masses with different musical events as part of the musical activities in the parish. One of
the respondents gave special praise to the cantor within the international work in the parish
and said that they had an active “musical crowd” at the parish. Concerts were also part of
the responses concerning musical activities in English, eight in total brought them up. The
majority of the respondents mentioning concerts included them as “musical activities in
English” because some of the psalms, hymns and songs performed at these concerts are in
English.

4.7. Other activities in English
The most common response to question 10 about other activities in English in the parish
was “there is none”, a total of 177 parishes. Two of the parishes responded that there were
no activities in English in their parish and elaborated further on the reasons why there were
no activities in English. The first of these explained:
There are only a few English-speaking persons in our parish’s area. We do not have
any English activities. The English-speaking members are typically married to a Finn
and the communication is a mixture of Finnish and English.” (Finn. Seurakuntamme
alueella asuu vain yksittäisiä englanninkielisiä ihmisiä. Meillä ei ole erillistä
englanninkielistä toimintaa. Englanninkieliset jäsenet ovat tyypillisesti naimisissa
suomalaisen kanssa ja kommunikointi on suomen ja englannin sekamelskaa).
The second one stated that there was no need for English activities in the area anymore,
because there was no longer an Immigration Centre in the municipality.
It seems as though that in some parishes the work done with asylum seekers and immigrants
is not considered as an activity for adults or children, since 15 of the responders mention
the immigrant work as “other”. Similar activities as mentioned in question 8 about activities
27

Susanne Kivekäs
for adults were included in the responses about immigrant work: confirmation classes,
baptism class, bible class, Sunday schools, diaconal support, trips and camps, courses in
Finnish and evenings especially designed for immigrant families. The words “when needed”
is used by three of the respondents to describe the confirmation classes, which implies that
reason for stating the activity as “other” was that it was not a regular activity in English.
Four of the respondents said that English was used when communicating with immigrants,
but they did not specify in what kind of situations or activities these occur. Diaconal work
with immigrants was also mentioned by four of the respondents. Of these four, one said that
there had been diaconal groups for immigrant women and a second said that the deacons
use English when having immigrants as customers. The third respondent mentioned the
evenings especially designed for immigrant families and specified that it belonged to the
diaconal work. The fourth respondents answer was “Something for the immigrants on the
diaconal side.” (Fi. “Diakonian puolella on maahanmuuttajille jotain”).
According to some of the respondents, activities that were done in collaboration with other
authorities are also considered as “other” activities in the parish. Two of the respondents
mention that immigrant work was done in collaboration with “other immigrant parishes”
and with “other Christian parishes”. One can only assume that these are other Lutheran
parishes in their area that offer activities for immigrants. Activities that are done in
collaboration with these other parishes are for example picnics, Christmas parties, nature
walks and ice fishing trips. The respondents point out that these activities are fully bilingual,
so both Finnish and English are used on these. In my opinion, these are perfect examples of
the immigrant work that is connected to integration. The activities are low-threshold
activities that anyone can attend without feeling that it is “too Christian”. Of course, there
are also activities done in co-operation that can be linked to the ELCF and its teachings
directly. One respondent mentioned a multicultural church-choir where a number of
different languages are used: not only English, but also Arabic, Latin and Russian. The
respondent did not specify that it is psalms and holy songs that are sung, but the word
church-choir implies that. Another respondent mentioned sermons in Finnish where the
English confessions and bible texts are shown as a power-point on the wall, which can make
the threshold for attending the sermon lower. One respondent said that if the staff was
informed beforehand, they could take into account the English-speaking visitors of for
example a sermon. The same respondent said that discussions with these visitors after the
sermon were important.
28

Susanne Kivekäs

One respondent specifically mention that they offer activities in for the Arabic-speaking
immigrants, where the visiting teachers with Finnish as their mother tongue, used English
in the Bible courses, Al Massira courses and in the sermons. Al Massira courses are
organized by religious organizations and parishes to teach the Christian faith to those from
non-Western backgrounds (Al Massira).
Using English when giving tours in the local church was mentioned by ten respondents.
Nearly all of the ten emphasized that these tours were organised mostly during summertime
when tourists come to visit the “roadside church” (Fi. tiekirkko) in town. Two of the
respondents said that their church is a well-known place to visit because it was designed by
Alvar Aalto, the famous Finnish architect. One respondent said that it was usually the local
tourist office that guided the tours in the church, so therefore the activity was not specifically
one done in the parish regime. This might be one of the reasons this activity was listed under
“other” since it is done in co-operation with another authority and not considered an activity
of the parish per se.
Customer service in English at the parish office was also mentioned by four respondents.
Two of these highlighted that these kinds of situations did not happen often. One respondent
said that about ten official certificates were written in English yearly. Other activities that
were mentioned were for example discussions and individual meetings. Also, events
connected to the Christmas season were considered as “other” activities since both
Christmas carols and Christmas Prayers were mentioned here.
Missionary work is of course strongly connected to the ELCF and events connected to that
were stated as “other” activities in English by three of the parishes. They mentioned visiting
missionary workers at the parish having sermons or lectures in English and the need for
interpreting these. Also, discussions with the visiting guests were considered as “other”
activities in English.
Two of the respondents said that there was no need for any regular English activities in their
parish, because similar activities were already offered by other institutions nearby.

29

Susanne Kivekäs
Both of the respondents emphasized that their knowledge of English was good and they had
used English in the roles as a priest and a deacon in discussions. Organising activities in
English in the parish would not be a problem if there was a need for it.

30

Susanne Kivekäs

5. Opinions on the use of English in the parishes
The last four questions (11-14) in the questionnaire dealt with opinions on the need for the
English language in the parishes and motivations on why there is a or is not a need for the
use. It was also asked if there had been discussions about the use of English in the parish
among the staff and if the parish had information in English about the activities in the parish
on their webpage. Only the question about English on the webpage was compulsory. The
replies for question 11, “If there are no activities in English in your parish, do you think
there is a need for it?” is demonstrated in Figure 2:

Is there a need for the use of English in
your parish?
110

120
100
80

65

60
40

26

25

20
0
Yes

No

Cannot say

No reply

Figure 2: Replies to question 11
The majority of the respondents (110) did not see a need to add activities in English in their
parish. Some of the motivations for why not were, for example, that there were no Englishspeaking in the area and that there simply was not a demand for it. Others said that there is
no need for regular activities in English because it was used only occasionally. A third
reason why the English language is not considered a necessity in the parish was that similar
activities are already organized either by another parish or institution nearby. A handful of
respondents said that other languages, for example Russian or Thai, would be more useful
than English in their area. One parish said that due to lack of participants they had had to
end the activities in English that had been organised before.
One respondent justified their “no”-answer by saying:
I don’t see a need for adding activities in English. It would be good if we could
add interpretation at the masses and other events. It would be better if we would
31

Susanne Kivekäs
get the English-speaking immigrants integrated to the normal mass community,
rather than creating separate activities in English.” (Fi. En näe tarvetta erillisen
englanninkielisen toiminnan lisäämiseen. Olisi hyvä jos voisimme lisätä
tulkkausta messuissa ja muissa tilaisuuksissa. Olisi parempi jos saisimme
englantia puhuvat maahanmuuttajat integroitua paremmin osaksi normaalia
messuyhteisöä, eikä luoda erillistä englanninkielistä toimintaa.)
Opinions reflecting a positive outlook on the use of English added up to 25. Using English
as an aid to help immigrants get integrated into society was mentioned as one reason why
the English language is needed in the parish. As one respondent put it:
Many immigrants and many non-Finnish speaking active Christians live in our
area. If there was nothing a large part would be without a connection to parish.
The work done in English can act like a bridge to the Finnish activities. (Fi.
Alueellamme asuu paljon maahanmuuttajia ja on paljon aktiivisia vieraskielisiä
kristittyjä. Jos ei olisi mitään englanniksi ison osa jäisi vaille yhteyttä
seurakuntaan. Englanninkielinen työ voi myös toimia siltana suomenkieliseen
toimintaan.
Others who had a positive outlook on the use of English in the parish mentioned for example
the increased number of immigrants in the area as reasons for adding English activities to
the parish. Tourism, exchange students and the increasing multicultural and diverse society
were mentioned as reasons for using English in the parish.
The alternative “cannot say” received 65 responses. The majority (45/226) of the
respondents did not motivate further why they had chosen that option. Respondents who
had motivated their response stated for example the following: several (10) stated that there
were not a lot (or none) English-speaking persons in the area and therefore no need for
activities in English in the parish. Four respondents mentioned that there was no need for
regular activities in English in their parish, there was a willingness to use other languages
(English and Swedish mentioned) in the parish when needed. Particularly baptisms and
weddings were brought up as example where English had been used. Four of the respondents
stated that since there were English-speaking persons in the area activities in English in the
parish could be offered. However, the same four mentioned that decisions about activities
are made by higher authorities, i.e. the vicar and therefore the respondents were unsure could
give a “yes”-response on the question. Three of the respondents motivated their response
with the fact that the immigrants did not have the knowledge to communicate in English
32

Susanne Kivekäs
and would rather learn Finnish. Another three respondents stated that other languages, for
example Russian and Estonian, were needed more in the area. Two of the respondents said
that English-speaking were already organised in the neighbouring parish and therefore there
was no demand for it. In my opinion, the following quote from one respondent summarizes
the attitude of the parish workers fairly well (respondent 92):
My answer to the previous question was “cannot say”. Our official language is
Finnish. But still, we use other languages when we meet the congregants and
give support in their spiritual lives. The language of the majority is emphasized
in common events. There are many immigrants living in our municipality. They
have been individually communicated with in English by the parish's staff and
by other parishioners and have been gradually integrated into Finnish-language
activities. Many immigrants want to develop their Finnish language skills and
join Finnish-speaking groups. There are many reasons for this - especially in the
capital region, where there already are multilingual Christian groups. People
who come from abroad, for different reasons (political, partly spiritual or
cultural) do not always want to join these groups, but would rather integrate
with Finnish speakers. Comers from abroad will find a safe group to learn our
language and culture. Still, the Finns themselves often want to use English in
discussions. Communication is possible even without a common language.
Hospitality and the willingness to meet are already a great help.
The statement above includes many answers to my research questions, which I will discuss
in the next chapter.

5.1. English at work and on the internet
The final questions (13 and 14) in the questionnaire are connected to the respondents’
opinions on the use of English in the parishes. They were asked whether the issue of the use
of English had been brought up among the respondents’ co-workers, at staff meetings for
example, and whether English was used on the parish website. Neither of the questions were
compulsory; Figure 3 and 4 demonstrate the division of replies.

33

Susanne Kivekäs

Cannot
say
15 %

Yes
18 %

No
67 %

Figure 3: Replies to question 13: Has the use of English been discussed in the parish?

Cannot say
9%

Yes
16 %

No
75 %

Figure 4: Replies to question 14: English on the website
Question 13 about discussions on the use of English was directed to the ones that did not
have activities in English in their parish, while question 14 about English on the websites
was directed to everyone. In the very last open-ended question (15), the respondents were
asked to freely share their thoughts about the use of English in the parishes and here some
of the respondents gave further motivation on the use of English, or the lack thereof. Several
of the respondents mentioned that Finland was globalising and the need for English was
increasing, specifically in bigger cities where the majority of the foreigners were located.
As one respondent state: “English should be the standard language at least in city parishes.
It should serve as a gateway for immigrants who come to the church and find their place
there and later learn Finnish.” (Fi. Englannin kielen tulisi olla normaali käyttökieli ainakin
kaupunkiseurakunnissa. Sen pitäisi toimia porttina maahanmuuttajille, jotka tulevat
seurakuntaan ja löytävät sieltä oman paikkansa ja oppivat myöhemmin suomea.) A few
34

Susanne Kivekäs
respondents mentioned that English was not necessarily the language that should be used in
connecting with non-Finnish speakers, primarily because English was not their mother
tongue, and therefore interpretation of for example masses was more important than regular
activities in English. A handful of the respondents mentioned that the renewal of their
website was a current matter and said that the issue of adding English on their sites had
become a very current matter partly due to my questionnaire.
The parish workers’ language skills were also discussed. One respondent stated that parish
workers should be more confident in using English at work, but mentioned that many stay
silent because they feel their language skills are not enough. The respondent continued by
saying that grammar does not matter in the meetings and discussions. Another respondent
mentioned that they have tried to launch a broader interest, particularly on diocese level, in
the language skills of priests (and why not other professional groups) and how to take
advantage of these skills in the parishes. The respondent was however disappointed that
his/her initiative had not been discussed further. A response from a priest expressed similar
thoughts by saying that he/she was at the end of his/her career and it had been a long time
since he/she studied English, so the need to update parish workers in the English language,
particularly concerning the vernacular at work, was of utmost importance. Several
respondents thanked me for bringing up a current topic and some even responded that the
questions I have asked got them thinking that maybe their parish ought to develop their
activities and start offering activities in English as well.

35

Susanne Kivekäs

6. Discussion
The responses to the questionnaire sent to the Finnish parishes in late 2019 strongly suggest
that English is in fact a part of the daily life of the parish workers. English is used in all
kinds of activities in the parish, from family events like baptisms, confirmation, weddings
and funerals to bible study classes, camps, sermons, choirs and Sunday schools. Most of the
activities are aimed for the refugees, asylum seekers and immigrants in the parish area and
English is used as a lingua franca in the different activities. Several of the respondents of
the questionnaire emphasized that most of the activities are done in both Finnish, the
language that the immigrant is integrated in, and in English. Especially family events are
usually done in several languages because the participants are from different origins and
backgrounds.
According to the respondents, English is used in the Finnish parishes mostly as an aid to
communicate with asylum seekers, refugees and immigrants who participate in different
activities that the parish organize. Even though it was not asked in the questionnaire, which
in retrospect could have been done, the responses reflect a situation where a large number
of the non-Finnish speakers are currently attending for example masses, bible study groups
and family events are Muslims. However, as revealed in the responses to a previous survey
by Ketola et al and in the questionnaire sent to the Finnish parishes, it does not matter what
religious denomination parishioners and other attending activities organized by the Church
belong to. What is more important for the ELCF is giving advice, be it practical, spiritual or
financial, and supporting the attendees of different activities.
When comparing the results from the current survey of Finnish parishes with the results
from the 2019 survey of Finland-Swedish parishes we find both similarities and differences.
We must, however, take into consideration that the total number of Finnish parishes (328)
is greater than the Finland-Swedish ones (56). The results indicate that the activities where
both language groups use English most frequently are church ordinances like baptisms and
weddings. This reflects the international world we live in today and one can perhaps also
assume that the Generation Y, mostly born in the 1980’s and 1990’s, are in fact still
members of the Church and requiring church ordinances in English for their multilingual
families.

36

Susanne Kivekäs
The proportion of respondents that said that they had had baptisms in English (or partly in
English) was 42% in the Finnish parishes, which is slightly lower compared to the SwedishFinnish parishes, were the proportion was 52.5%. The percentages for weddings in English
(or partly in English) did not differ a lot, they had occurred in 47% of the Finnish parishes
and 47.5% in the Finland-Swedish parishes. Lutheran funerals in English (or partly in
English) had almost identical percentages: 16% (Fi) and 15% (Fi-Swe) (Kivekäs 2019:10).
Baptisms and weddings are current matters in lives of the younger generations and the
connection to the world and different cultures is reflected in the responses. The response
rates, particularly concerning the baptisms and weddings, emphasize the fact that the
English language is needed particularly among the priests that perform the Church
ordinances. Skills in other languages could also become a topical issue, since the demand
for them (for instance Russian and Estonian) was reflected in the responses.
In both language groups worship life with high masses, church services and devotional
assemblies are organised similarly. The majority does not organise worship in English at all
and the ones that do, do it sporadically. High masses in English (or partly in English) had
occurred in 21% of the Finnish parishes and in 12.5% in the Finland-Swedish parishes.
Church services and devotional assemblies are organised more frequently in English in the
Finnish parishes: 13% versus 5% for church services and 17% versus 12.5% for devotionals
(Kivekäs 2019: 8).
Comparing the different kinds of activities in both of the language groups gives similar
numbers, with activities for adults as the most common activity where English was used.
Almost a fifth, 19% of the Finnish parishes organise activities for adults in English while
the corresponding percentage is 12.5 in the Finland-Swedish parishes. Activities in English
for children was organised in 9% on the Finnish side and in only 2.5% in the FinlandSwedish parishes. In activities directed to teens English was not used in the Finland-Swedish
parishes and only 5% of the Finnish parish organised such activities. Musical events in
English occurred in 8% in the Finnish parishes and in 7.5% in the Finland-Swedish parishes
(Kivekäs 2019:8). The language of integration is clearly visible in the results both
concerning worship life and the activities in the parishes. Since the majority of the
immigrants in Finland are learning and being integrated in Finnish, it seems only natural
that it is done through the English language in a Finnish parish. Lack of resources was stated
by the Finland-Swedish parishes as the reason for not being able to organise activities in
37

Susanne Kivekäs
English on their own, but only in collaboration with the Finnish-speaking parishes and other
institutions and organisations (Kivekäs 2019:16). The respondents from the Finnish parishes
also mentioned some degree collaboration with other institutions, but the majority organised
activities in English solely in their own parish.
The use of the English language both in the Finnish parishes and in the Finland-Swedish
parishes was most visible in activities connected to the family. This connects to the “downto-earth support that the Church offers families” that Ketola et al mentioned in their study.
Activities that customarily are considered “traditional” activities in Church, like prayers and
masses that anyone can attend, and family clubs and Sunday schools for both adults and
children have incorporated the English language to be able to connect with the non-Finnish
and non-Swedish speaking parishioners. Ketola et al mentioned that these types of activities
were not regarded as particularly religious but rather seen as part of the daily life. Activities
happening in the church building, like sermons and masses, always follow a certain agenda
so to execute them in English or to have them be interpreted in English is a quite effortless
way to be able to reach parishioners with different language skills.
To conclude, the use of English seems to be more frequent than the respondents state, since
some of the activities are not considered as “English” because the English language is used
informally and when needed in the activities. The parish workers’ positive attitudes towards
the use of English may have an effect on perceiving the use, i.e. the use of English is so
natural that it goes unnoticed as an activity in English. For example, the musical events are
rather independent of language and therefore not seen as typically “English”. The fact that
many of the immigrants and asylum seekers have developed skills in Finnish, has changed
the activities.

38

Susanne Kivekäs

7. Conclusion
The English language has established itself as a lingua franca globally and this is also
reflected in the work done in the Evangelic Lutheran Church of Finland. The aim of this
study has been to map out the use of English, both in extent and content, in the Finnish
parishes. The ELCF and institutions connected to the Church, like the Church Research
Centre, have produced a fair amount of material in English the recent years, covering topics
like immigration work, missionary work, diaconal work and pastoral work. (Publications in
English). The majority of these publications are connected to globalisation and especially
the talk of the year 2015: The large number of asylum seekers entering Finland. The ELCF
and the Finnish parishes were thrown into the situation rather unexpectedly, but they can be
seen as having handled it well. Being the institution that is expected to help when a crisis
emerges, their actions showed that they were able to do just that.
As I am writing this chapter in March 2020, the world is in the grips of the Corona (COVID19) virus, which has had a major impact on the whole world. Work at the parish has changed
drastically in only a few days when basically every activity and event has been cancelled
because of the recommendations both from the government and the bishops in the dioceses.
In this exceptional time, it has been noticed by almost everyone how important it is to adapt
to new situations and finding alternative ways to organize both work and personal life, when
restrictions on social gatherings have been made. The ELCF with its parishes is very much
an institution that collects people to different gatherings and the restrictions have emptied
churches and other locations connected to the Church. The current situation has some
similarities with the situation back in 2015: Both situations arose rather unexpectedly and
the Church council had to act quickly to send out instructions and recommendations to the
dioceses and parishes. In the case of the large number of refugees, parish workers had to be
creative in organising new forms of events and activities for the non-Finnish speakers in the
society and in the case with curbing the spread of the Corona virus, parish workers have
been forced to find new ways of connecting with the parishioners and others that have been
part of the religious community. In the recent weeks, parish workers have started using new
tools, particularly web based, to interact not only with their co-workers but also with
members of the parish. I cannot help but wonder if the parishes remember to include also
the non-Finnish and non-Swedish speakers involved in Church activities when they send
out information about this exceptional situation?
39

Susanne Kivekäs

Swedish summary - Svensk sammanfattning:
Användningen av det engelska språket i de evangelisklutherska församlingarna i Finland
Introduktion
Nästan 70 % av Finlands befolkning är medlemmar i den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i
Finland (härefter: Kyrkan) och de senaste årtiondena har varit en tid av förändring för
Kyrkan p.g.a. flera faktorer. Samhället i Finland har blivit mera internationellt och global
migration är ett faktum. Invandring till Finland har pågått en längre tid och för 5 år sedan
då invandringsströmmen var som störst var även Kyrkan tvungen att tänka om sina strategier
och verksamheter i församlingarna för att etablera sig som hjälparen i samhället. Samtidigt
blev det engelska språket det gemensamma språket mellan församlingsanställda och
flyktingar från olika delar av världen.
Målet med denna pro gradu – avhandling har varit att undersöka hur det engelska språket
används (och har använts) i de finskspråkiga evangelisk-lutherska församlingarna i Finland.
Avhandlingen är en fortsättning på min kandidatavhandling där jag undersökte det engelska
språkets användning i de finlandssvenska församlingarna i landet. Mina forskningsfrågor
för denna avhandling är: I vilken utsträckning och i vilka sammanhang används det engelska
språket i de finska församlingarna inom den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan? En följdfråga
lyder: Vilka är orsakerna för användningen av det engelska språket i församlingarna?
Avhandlingen är följaktligen både en kvalitativ och en kvantitativ studie.

Tidigare forskning
Användningen av det engelska språket i församlingarna i Finland är ett ämne som inte har
undersökts i någon större utsträckning. Det finns allmänna undersökningar om engelskans
användning i hela Finland, t.ex. studien från 2011 av Sirpa Leppänen m.fl. vid namn
National survey on the English language in Finland: Uses, meanings and attitudes. Studien
har forskat i finländarnas åsikter om det engelska språket i allmänhet och deras åsikter om
var de hör engelska i sin omgivning. Den allmänna åsikten bland de tillfrågade var att
engelska inte hörs så ofta i kyrkor.

40

Susanne Kivekäs
Samhället är och har blivit mer internationellt och globaliserat och befolkningens
individualism har blivit mer synlig. Stora förändringar påverkar inflyttningar och
utflyttningar i världen och i Kyrkan i Finland syns det bl.a. i ökningen av dop och vigslar
som utförs på engelska eller delvis på engelska. Kyrkan spelar en stor roll i finländarnas
vardag, främst genom familjefester som dop, konfirmationer, vigslar och jordfästningar.
Kyrkan anses också vara en av de största hjälparna i globala och nationella kriser och är
delvis en orsak till att finländarna förblir medlemmar i Kyrkan.
Undersökningar visar att speciellt unga vuxna eller den så kallade ”generation Y” har en
annorlunda attityd mot Kyrkan än tidigare generationer. Denna generation kallas också
ibland ”Generation Me (=Jag)” som belyser det självcentrerade fokus som är typisk för
denna generation. Denna generation fattar främst beslut baserade på sin egen övertygelse
och livssyn och tillhör inte längre religiösa institutioner på grund av tradition (Niemelä
2015, s. 184).
Kyrkans forskningscentral (tidigare Kyrkans forskningsinstitut) grundades 1969 och är en
viktig institution inom den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan. Forskningscentralen bedriver
forskning kring kyrka och religiöst liv i Finland, som behövs bl.a. för beslutsfattandet i
kyrkan och i församlingarna. Olika institutioners forskningsinformation sammanställs vid
forskningscentralen. I de följande styckena kommer jag att titta närmare på några av
forskningscentralens publikationer som är relevanta för min egen forskning.
Boken Community, Participation and Faith. Contemporary Challenges of the Evangelical
Lutheran Church of Finland publicerades 2013 av Kyrkans forskningscentral.
Publikationen är redigerad av Salomäki, Palmu, Ketola, Niemelä, Hytönen och Salminen
och innehåller beskrivningar och undersökningsresultat gällande Kyrkan från början av
2010-talet. Salomäki et al nämner t.ex. individualismen, som på många sätt har utmanat de
traditionella sätten att tillhöra en gemenskap och delta i religiös verksamhet. Salomäki et al
tar upp den ökande invandringen till Finland och säger att i början av 2010-talet var de
främsta orsakerna för invandringen familjerelaterade eller anslutna till arbete eller studier.
Flyttning p.g.a. arbetssituationen ökade markant dessa tider, medan relativt få hade kommit
till Finland för att söka internationellt skydd. Salomäki et al nämner också frivilligarbetet
inom diakonin vara speciellt viktig då fler invandrare kommer till landet. Diakonin anses

41

Susanne Kivekäs
vara väldigt betydelsefull inom flyktingarbetet i församlingen eftersom diakonin erbjuder
stöd i olika former: ekonomiskt stöd, rådgivning, andligt och själavårdande stöd.
Socially Engaged Lutheranism. Finnish attitudes to faith and the Church in the light of
surveys and statistics som publicerades 2018 av redaktörerna Ketola, Hytönen, Salminen,
Sohlberg och Sorsa vid Kyrkans forskningscentral undersöker och presenterar
forskningsmaterial som är baserad på den evangelisk-lutherska kyrkans fyra-årsrapport från
2012–2015. Ketola et al nämner bl.a. att migration förändrar Finland och dess invånare. Den
kristna tron blir mer mångsidig och nya verksamhetsformer uppstår eftersom den nuvarande
tiden kännetecknas av snabba förändringar och kulturmöten. Ketola et al konstaterar att
problemet med statistiken är att de finska myndigheterna inte registrerar eller sammanställer
statistik över invandrarnas religiösa tillhörighet eller bakgrund när de anländer. Detta
betyder alltså att de allra flesta utlänningar inte tillhör något religiöst samfund i Finland.
Flyktingarbetet ökade markant i församlingarna speciellt året 2015 och ungefär hälften av
församlingarna i Finland utnämnde en person eller ett team att ansvara för flyktingfrågorna.
Det framkom i undersökningen att de största folkgrupperna som verksamhet erbjöds åt var
irakier, afghaner och syrianer. Övriga folkgrupper som nämndes var afrikanska folkgrupper
(främst sudaneser), ryssar, ester, ingermanländare, romer, vietnameser, burmeser,
thailändare och kineser. Språkbruket i församlingarna nämns kort: ”Nästan en femtedel
(17%) av församlingen arrangerade aktiviteter på engelska. Cirka åtta procent erbjöd
aktiviteter på arabiska och cirka fem procent hade aktiviteter på ryska. Procentandelen för
aktiviteter på andra språk (som estniska, tyska, franska) var betydligt mindre” (Ketola et al
2018, s. 258).
Hanna Niemi och Ulla Siirto från Kyrkans forskningscentral publicerade Hätämajoituksesta
Aleppon kelloihin: Evankelis-luterilaisten seurakuntien turvapaikkatyö Suomessa år 2017.
Publikationen beskriver hur situationen inom kyrkan förändrades i och med att över 30 000
flyktingar kom till Finland år 2015. År 2016 var det ungefär en tredjedel av församlingarna
som bjöd in flyktingar till olika evenemang som församlingen ordnade. Även om största
delen av flyktingarna var muslimer var den underliggande tanken inte att konvertera dem
till kristendomen. Detta poängterades också till flyktingarna, konvertering till kristendom
genom dopet var ingen garanti för att få uppehållstillstånd i landet. Niemi och Siirto
beskriver att verksamheten som besöktes mest av flyktingarna var högmässorna och
42

Susanne Kivekäs
gudstjänsterna. Om flyktingarna deltog i söndagens ”vanliga högmässa” ordnades
tolkningen oftast med hjälp av frivilliga som översatte högmässan till engelska och sedan
översattes den vidare av en engelsktalande flykting till det språk som användes av de andra
flyktingarna (Niemi & Siirto 2017, s. 68).

Metoder och material
För denna avhandling skickade jag ut en enkät till alla de 328 finskspråkiga församlingarna
i Finland. Enkäten var en allmän undersökning om användningen av det engelska språket i
församlingens olika verksamheter. Enkäten var finskspråkig och var en direkt översättning
av den enkät som skickades ut till de finlandssvenska församlingarna hösten 2018. Svaren
samlades in under perioden oktober-november 2019. Den slutliga svarsprocenten blev
68,9 %.
Enkäten bestod av 16 frågor, ungefär hälften var frågor med färdiga alternativ och den andra
hälften var öppna frågor (beskrivningar och personliga åsikter) som skulle besvaras. Svaren
från de öppna frågorna var i analyseringsstadiet något problematiska eftersom svaren
varierade mycket och det var svårt att kategorisera svaren i tydliga grupper. Enkäten gjordes
i applikationen Microsoft Forms där svaren kunde fås i en Excel-tabell som underlättade
organiserandet av alla svar.

Enkätresultat och diskussion
Den första frågan i enkäten var en allmän fråga om den engelskspråkiga verksamheten i
församlingarna. De tillfrågade tillbads klicka i, från en lista med alternativ, de verksamheter
de ansåg att förekommer eller har förekommit på engelska eller delvis på engelska i
församlingen. Nästan en tredjedel, 31 %, angav att de inte hade någon engelskspråkig
verksamhet överhuvudtaget i församlingen. Enligt resultaten från de finska församlingarna
är de kyrkliga förrättningarna dop och vigsel de vanligaste som genomförs på engelska.
Engelskspråkiga eller delvis engelskspråkiga dop har utförts i 42 % av församlingarna
medan engelskspråkiga eller delvis engelskspråkiga vigslar har utförts i 47 % av
församlingarna. Jordfästningar på engelska eller delvis engelska har utförts i 16 % av
församlingarna.

Engelskspråkig

verksamhet

utförs

också

inom

gudstjänstlivet,

engelskspråkiga högmässor (gudstjänster med nattvard) utförs eller har utförts i 21 % av
församlingarna, engelskspråkiga gudstjänster (utan nattvard) utförs eller har utförts i 12 %
43

Susanne Kivekäs
av församlingarna och andakter (på institutioner) utförs eller har utförts i 17 % av
församlingarna. Skriftskolor (med tillhörande konfirmation) på engelska har utförts i 14 %
av församlingarna. Verksamhet för olika åldrar ordnas också i församlingarna på engelska
och enligt resultaten finns det mest engelskspråkig verksamhet för vuxna (19 %). Barn- och
ungdomsverksamheterna samt musikverksamheten hade en svarsprocent under 10, dessa
ordnas m.a.o. inte ofta i församlingarna.
De följande fem frågorna gällde frekvensen av gudstjänstevenemang och kyrkliga
förrättningar på engelska i de finska församlingarna från året 2018. Jag valde året 2018 för
att kunna jämföra resultaten från de finska församlingarna med de finlandssvenska
församlingarna. Gudstjänster på engelska eller delvis på engelska i 25 % av de finska
församlingarna, endast några respondenter angav att de regelbundet hade högmässor och
gudstjänster där engelskan används. Det vanligaste svaret var ”några gånger i året” så man
kunde konstatera att gudstjänstlivet på engelska i de finska församlingarna är rätt
oregelbunden.
Att föra statistik över vilket språk som har använts vid kyrkliga förrättningar är inte
obligatoriskt, därför antog jag också att frågorna gällande antalet engelskspråkiga dop,
vigslar och jordfästningar skulle basera sig på gissningar och personliga erfarenheter mer
än fakta. Förekomsten av dop på engelska (eller delvis engelska) hade förekommit i nästan
hälften av församlingarna (46 %), medan engelskspråkiga vigslar hade förekommit i 39 %
av de finska församlingarna. Jordfästningar på engelska eller med engelska inslag var
däremot inte alls lika vanliga som dop och vigslar. Endast i 14 % av församlingarna hade
engelskspråkiga jordfästningar förekommit.
Frågorna som följde var öppna frågor gällande den engelskspråkiga verksamheten för olika
åldersgrupper i församlingen. Fyra olika verksamhetsformer skulle beskrivas: Verksamhet
för barn, verksamhet för unga/tonåringar, verksamhet för vuxna samt verksamhet inom
musiken. Verksamheten där engelskan användes mest var riktad till vuxna och några
exempel

som

nämndes

var

bl.a.

bibelstudier,

högmässor

och

gudstjänster,

diskussionsgrupper, söndagsskolor, familjeklubbar, läger/utflykter, skriftskolslektioner och
temakvällar för invandrare. Engelskan användes också inom barnverksamheten i olika
former. Nästan samma exempel nämndes: söndagsskolor, familjeklubbar, läger/utflykter
och andra evenemang för hela familjen. Orsaken till att just dessa verksamheter ordnas på
44

Susanne Kivekäs
engelska kopplas till Ketolas forskning som angav att lågtröskelverksamhet, där Kyrkan
fungerar som en stödande institution, anses inte vara religiös utan mer som en del av
vardagen. Det är m.a.o. lättare att delta i verksamhet som inte är ”för kristen” och som man
kan anknyta till sitt eget liv och sin vardag. I verksamheten för unga/tonåringar och i
verksamheten inom musiken var användningen av engelskan inte så vanlig.
Enkäten avslutades med några öppna frågor om den svarandes egna åsikter om engelska
språkets användning i församlingen. Den allmänna åsikten var att engelskan används och
kan användas i de tillfällen där det behövs och att de församlingsanställda har färdigheter
att använda engelskan om det finns ett behov. Utbildning, speciellt gällande termer inom
det egna arbetsområdet och Kyrkans verksamhet, i det engelska språket bland
församlingsanställda efterlystes till en del.

Slutsats
Målet för min undersökning var att utreda i hur stor utsträckning och i vilka kontexter det
engelska språket används i de finskspråkiga evangelisk-lutherska församlingarna.
Användningen av det engelska språket sker i olika former av verksamhet inom Kyrkan, t.ex.
i familjefester som dop, vigslar, konfirmationer och jordfästningar, i gudstjänstlivet med
högmässor och gudstjänster och i grupper för olika åldrar som t.ex. söndagsskolor,
bibelstudier, körer inom musiken och läger. Den engelskspråkiga verksamheten är främst
riktad till invandrare på området och engelskan används främst som ett hjälpmedel för att
kunna kommunicera med invandrarna. I jämförelsen av det engelska språket i de finska
församlingarna med de finlandssvenska församlingarna ser vi likheter. Engelskan används
mest i samma verksamhetsformer och orsakerna till användningen är den samma.
Situationen som världen just i denna stund (mars 2020) handskas med, d.v.s.
coronavirusepidemin, har också en inverkan på verksamheten i församlingarna. För tillfället
har all gruppverksamhet lagts ner och webben används som ett nytt redskap för att nå
församlingsmedlemmarna. Situationen är mycket exceptionell och jag kan inte låta bli att
undra om församlingarna kommer ihåg att informera om förändringarna i Kyrkans
verksamhet för församlingsmedlemmar och -aktiva med annat modersmål än finska eller
svenska?

45

Susanne Kivekäs

References
Ketola, Kimmo et al. 2018. Socially Engaged Lutheranism. Finnish attitudes to faith
and the Church in the light of surveys and statistics. Publication 64. Church Research
Institute.
Kivekäs, Susanne. 2019. The English Language in the Parishes of the Diocese of Borgå.
Bachelor’s Thesis, Åbo Akademi.
Kyrkostyrelsen för Evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland. 2010. Kyrkan 2020:
Framtidsredogörelse för Evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland. Ws Bookwell Ab.
Kyrkostyrelsen för Evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland. 2014. Tillsammans och inför
Gud på vårt eget språk. Språkstrategi för Evangelisk-lutherska kyrkan i Finland och
kyrkans språkstrategiarbetsgrupps betänkande. Publikationer från Ev.-luth. Kyrkan i
Finland 10, Kyrkan och verksamheten. Strategier. Unigrafia.
Leppänen, Sirpa et al. 2011. Studies in Variation, contacts and Change in English 5:
National survey on the English language in Finland: Uses, meanings and attitudes.
Available: http://www.helsinki.fi/varieng/series/volumes/05/
[March 16, 2020]
Markkola, Pirjo. 2015. The Long History of Lutheranism in Scandinavia. From State
Religion to the People’s Church. Perichoresis Vol. 13 (2): 3-15.
Available: https://content.sciendo.com/view/journals/perc/13/2/article-p3.xml
[Feb 19, 2020]
Niemelä, Kati. 2015. ’No longer believing in belonging’: A longitudinal study of
Finnish Generation Y from confirmation experience to Church-leaving. Social Compass
Vol 62 (2): 172-186
Available: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0037768615571688
[Dec 17, 2020]
Niemi, Hanna & Siirto, Ulla. 2017. Hätämajoituksesta Aleppon kelloihin: Evankelisluterilaisten seurakuntien turvapaikkatyö Suomessa. Kirkon tutkimuskeskus.
Salomäki, Hanna et al. 2013. Community, participation and faith. Contemporary
Challenges of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland. Unigrafia.
Websites
“Al Massira.” 2017. Global Connections.
Available: https://www.globalconnections.org.uk/organisations/al-massira-international
[Feb 19, 2020]
“Bells for Aleppo.” 2016. Reuters.
Available: https://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-finland-aleppo/churchbells-around-the-world-toll-for-civilian-casualties-in-aleppo-idUSKCN12L0Q0
[March 4, 2020]
46

Susanne Kivekäs
“Kirkkolaki.” 2020. Finlex.
Available: https://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/1993/19931054#O1L4P2
[Feb 24, 2020]
Kirkon tutkimuskeskus. 2020.
Available: https://evl.fi/kirkontutkimuskeskus
[Feb 20,2020]
Kirkon tilastot. 2018.
Available: https://www.kirkontilastot.fi/viz?id=103
[March 4, 2020]
“Membership.” n.d. Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.
Available: https://evl.fi/the-church/membership#5f8e2489
[Feb 23,2020]
“Migration”. 2020. Tilastokeskus.
Available: http://www.stat.fi/tup/maahanmuutto/muuttoliike_en.html
[Feb 20, 2020]
“Publications in English.” 2020. Kirkon tutkimuskeskus.
http://notes.evl.fi/vanhasak.nsf/sp?Open=&cid=julkaisuhaku&query=&kieli=english&v
uosi=&tuottaja=&sort=nimike&s=Hae#tulos
[March 17, 2020]
“Vieraskieliset.” 2020. Tilastokeskus.
Available: https://www.stat.fi/tup/maahanmuutto/maahanmuuttajatvaestossa/vieraskieliset.html
[March 4,2020]

47

Susanne Kivekäs

Appendix 1

Kysely englannin kielen käytöstä
seurakunnassa
Pro gradu - tutkielmaani varten englannin kielen opinnoissani Åbo Akademissa tutkin
englannin kielen käyttöä suomenkielisissä seurakunnissa. Lopputyöni on jatkoa
kandidaattityölleni, jossa tutkin suomenruotsalaisten seurakuntien englannin kielen
käyttöä. Kysely on lyhyt ja vastaamiseen menee n. 5-10 minuuttia. Toivon että osallistutte
kyselyyn vaikka seurakunnassanne ei olisikaan englanninkielistä toimintaa. Kiitos jo
etukäteen kaikista vastauksista! - Susanne Kivekäs, opiskelija ja toimistosihteeri LänsiTurunmaan ruotsalaisessa seurakunnassa

1.Minkälaista englanninkielistä toimintaa teillä on (tai on ollut)
seurakunnassasi? Mitkä seuraavista olette toimittaneet englannin kielellä, tai
osaksi englannin kielellä?
Messu
Jumalanpalvelus
Hartaus
Kaste
Vihkiminen
Hautaan siunaaminen
Rippikoulu/konfirmaatio
Toimintaa lapsille
Toimintaa nuorille
Toimintaa aikuisille
Musiikkitoimintaa
Meillä ei ole englanninkielistä toimintaa
Muuta

2.Kuinka usein seurakunnassasi järjestetään messuja tai jumalanpalveluksia
englannin kielellä (tai osittain englannin kielellä)?
Muutamia kertoja vuodessa
Joka tai joka toinen kuukausi
Useita kertoja kuukaudessa
Joka viikko
Emme järjestä englanninkielisiä messuja/jumalanpalveluksia

48

Susanne Kivekäs

3.Kuinka usein seurakunnassasi järjestetään hartauksia englannin kielellä (tai
osittain englannin kielellä)?
Muutamia kertoja vuodessa
Joka tai joka toinen kuukausi
Useita kertoja kuukaudessa
Joka viikko
Emme järjestä englanninkielisiä hartauksia

4.Englanninkielisiä kasteita, kuinka monta seurakunnassasi oli vuoden 2018
aikana? (Myös osittain englanninkieliset lasketaan)

5.Englanninkielisiä vihkimisiä, kuinka monta seurakunnassasi oli vuoden 2018
aikana? (Myös osittain englanninkieliset lasketaan)

6.Englanninkielisiä hautaan siunaamisia, kuinka monta seurakunnassasi oli
vuoden 2018 aikana? (Myös osittain englanninkieliset lasketaan)

7.Minkälaista englanninkielistä toimintaa lapsille seurakuntasi järjestää? Kuvaile
lyhyesti.

8.Minkälaista englanninkielistä aikuistoimintaa seurakuntasi järjestää? Kuvaile
lyhyesti.

9.Minkälaista englanninkielistä musiikkitoimintaa seurakuntasi järjestää?
Kuvaile lyhyesti.

49

Susanne Kivekäs

10.Minkälaisia muita englanninkielisiä toimintamuotoja seurakuntasi järjestää?

11.Jos englanninkielistä toimintaa ei ole seurakunnassasi, olisiko sille mielestäsi
tarvetta?
Kyllä
Ei
En osaa sanoa

12.Motivoi vastauksesi edellisessä kysymyksessä, kerro miksi englanninkieliselle
toiminalle olisi tarvetta tai miksi ei olisi.

13.Jos englanninkielistä toimintaa ei ole (ollut) seurakunnassasi, onko siitä
keskusteltu työntekijäkokouksissa tai työtovereiden kesken?
Kyllä
Ei
En osaa sanoa

14.Onko seurakuntasi kotisivuilla englanninkielistä tietoa (esim. seurakunnan
toiminnasta)?
Kyllä
Ei
En osaa sanoa

15.Sana on vapaa, tähän voit kirjoittaa ajatuksiasi englannin kielen käytöstä
seurakunnassa jotka haluat jakaa kanssani. Ilmoita myös jos haluat että jaan
kyselyn tulokset kanssasi.

16.Seurakunnan nimi ja tittelisi/ammattinimikkeesi. Tietoa käytetään
ainoastaan tilastointia varten.

50

