Vincent Wrede

Vincent Wrede

Knowledge transfer and innovation in the
Finnish forest industry

Vincent Wrede
Master’s thesis in organization and management
Tutor: Nina Kivinen
Faculty of social sciences and economics
Åbo Akademi University
Turku, 18.04.2020

Vincent Wrede

Åbo Akademi University – Faculty of social sciences and
economics
Abstract
Subject: Organization and management
Author: Vincent Wrede
Title of thesis: Knowledge transfer and innovation in the Finnish forest
industry
Tutor: Nina Kivinen
The world of business is more competitive than ever and companies have to
adapt and innovate in order to stay ahead of the curve. The need for
knowledge and creativity in organizations is an increasingly important
challenge. This is true for most industries and certainly for the Finnish forest
industry.
The purpose of this study is thus to explore how organizations in the Finnish
forest industry innovate and how their innovation processes function. Two
sub-purposes were also created in order to limit the scope of the study. The
first of these sub-purposes is about how companies use knowledge transfer in
the innovation process and how the transfer of knowledge enhances the
process. The second and last sub-purpose is about if the industry is turning
towards the open innovation paradigm. The theoretical framework was
developed based on the purposes, which includes the following theoretical sub
chapters: knowledge transfer, innovation and open innovation.
In order to fulfill the purpose of this study, I chose to use semi-structured
interviews as my main source of data complemented by academic literature.
The interviews were conducted with five informants in four different
companies active in the Finnish forest industry.
The results of my study further shows that knowledge transfer plays an
integral part of the innovation process in the Finnish forest industry. How the
transfer mechanisms for knowledge were used in the innovation process
differed to some degree between the different organizations. Furthermore, it
can be noted that the innovation processes are moving towards a more open
approach, although this is difficult to justify accurately.
Key words: Knowledge management, knowledge transfer, innovation, open
innovation
Date: 18.04.2020
Number of pages: 98

2

Vincent Wrede

Table of content
1.

Introduction
1.1 Problematization
1.2 Purpose and objective
1.3 Limitations
1.4 Definitions
1.5 Disposition

5
6
8
9
9
11

2.

Theoretical framework
2.1 The Finnish forest industry
2.1.1 Overview
2.1.2 Ownership structure
2.1.3 Innovation
2.2 Knowledge Management
2.3 Knowledge Transfer
2.3.1 Factors affecting knowledge transfer
2.3.2 The dynamic capabilities driven model
2.3.3 The SECI-model
2.4 Innovation
2.4.1 Open innovation
2.5 Conclusion

12
12
12
13
15
16
17
18
19
23
26
29
35

3

Research method and data
3.1 Selection of data
3.2 Method of analysis
3.3 Practical approach
3.4 Ethical considerations
3.5 Method problems
3.6 Conclusion

36
36
38
38
39
40
42

4.

Empirical data
4.1 The organizations
4.2 Interviews
4.2.1 Interview with Anders
4.2.2 Interview with Ben
4.2.3 Interview with Christian
4.2.4. Interview with Daniela
4.2.5 Erik
4.3 Conclusion

43
43
43
44
48
53
57
62
66

5.

Analysis
5.1 Empirical analysis
5.1.1 Analysis of knowledge transfer in the companies
5.1.2 Analysis of culture and leadership
5.1.3 Analysis of innovation
5.2 Analysis of knowledge transfer
5.2.1 Knowledge transfer
5.2.2 Factors affecting transfer of knowledge
5.2.3 The dynamic capabilities driven model
5.2.4 The SECI-model
5.3 Analysis of innovation
5.3.1 Type of innovation
5.3.2 Open innovation

67
67
67
69
70
72
72
73
74
78
80
80
81

3

Vincent Wrede

6.

5.3.3 Types of open innovation
5.4 Discussion on knowledge transfer and innovation
5.4.1 How does knowledge transfer impact innovation?
5.4.3 Is the Finnish forest industry following the paradigm shift?
5.4.2 Constraints regarding innovations in the industry

82
84
84
85
85

Discussion
6.1 Purpose and conclusions
6.2 Generalization of data
6.3 What could have been done differently?
6.4 Future research
6.5 End words

86
86
87
87
88
88

7. Swedish summary

90

8.

References

93

9.

Appendix 1: Interview guide

97

List of figures:
Figure 1: Characteristics of knowledge………………………………………...10
Figure 2: Ownership structure of companies in the Finnish forest industry…14
Figure 3: The dynamic capabilities driven model……………………………...23
Figure 4: The SECI-model……………………………………………………..26
Figure 5: Landscape map of innovation……………………………………….29
Figure 6: The knowledge landscape in the Open Innovation paradigm……...32
Figure 7: Different forms of openness…………………………………………33

4

Vincent Wrede

1. Introduction
A common saying is that knowledge is power. This statement is an indication of why
I have chosen to explore knowledge transfer and innovation. I am interested in
exploring why and how knowledge can be utilized and used as a tool in order to stay
competitive.
The topic is furthermore interesting considering an ever faster changing world where
companies have to innovate and adapt in order to stay competitive.
As du Plessis (2007) further states, the strategy of an organization has to be aligned
with innovation in order for it to be competitive on the market. The implication is
that knowledge transfer supports innovation, which in turn is important for
organizations to have as focal points of their strategies in order to stay competitive
and thrive.
One could ask why internal knowledge is so important within an organization and
why it is so important to share knowledge. According to Prusak and Davenport
(1998), the knowledge driven organization is already on the next level when the
competitors have reached the same standard in price and quality. Knowledge, in this
way, can be seen as a sustainable competitive advantage since material matter can be
imitated quickly, which means the value will decrease (Davenport & Prusak, 1998).
Knowledge is difficult to copy. The meaning of this is that material assets such as
machines and money only bring a temporary advantage, while knowledge, if
managed correctly, can bring continuous improvements to an organization.
Continuous learning in an organization leads the way for problem solving and leads
to a sustainable competitive advantage (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). Closely related
to the learning organization is the ability to manage knowledge, which means that
organizations in today’s turbulent and high-paced world need the ability to manage
what they know in order to adapt and stay competitive.
A short introduction of the study and its ramifications will now follow. An industry
filled with the above-mentioned challenges is the forest industry. As a prominent part

5

Vincent Wrede
of Finland’s commerce, the nation’s wood processing industry is an interesting case
regarding innovation and knowledge transfer. This is an industry which is in constant
change and which always has to change. According to Ratnasingam et al (2013),
there is a need throughout the world for innovation and creativity in the industry
concerning sustainable forest products. I have thus chosen to explore innovation in
the Finnish forest industry. This chapter will discuss the problem of knowledge
transfer (KT), the connection KT has to innovation, the purpose, and the objective
with this research paper.

1.1 Problematization

This thesis will be about knowledge transfer processes and the implications it has on
the ability to innovate within the industry of wood processing. The field of
knowledge management is wide which is why this thesis will be limited to the field
of knowledge transfer and the implications it has on innovation. The research
question is based on how knowledge transfer occurs within the forest industry in
Finland. The most intriguing question might be the question of how knowledge
transfer can help an organization achieve competitive advantage. Du Plessis (2007)
argues that knowledge management plays a role in innovation in a myriad of ways,
e.g. the facilitation of collaboration and the recombination of knowledge. This
question of knowledge transfer in innovation is, however, fairly abstract and can thus
be difficult to answer.(punkt). As such, the question needs to be separated into issues
that are more tangible. These issues will be reflected upon further in the second
chapter on the theoretical framework.
An important aspect of knowledge that has to be dealt with in the first place is the
question of what knowledge is in itself. A common way of classifying knowledge is
by dividing it into tacit and explicit knowledge. Polanyi (1962), for example,
separated between explicit and tacit knowledge. According to Grant (2010),
information technology has facilitated the analysis of information and explicit
knowledge, but that the largest contributor to a learning organization is based on
intuition and experience. He also mentions that the most difficult problem within the
field of knowledge management relates to the management of tacit knowledge

6

Vincent Wrede
(Grant, 2010). The focus of this thesis will thus mainly be on how tacit knowledge is
transferred. There will, however, also be instances on explicit knowledge transfer
since this is a source of innovation as well.
The purpose of the study can be broken down into the following purpose and sub
purposes:



How does knowledge transfer affect the innovation capability of
organizations in the Finnish forest industry?
o In which situations is knowledge transferred in order to facilitate
innovation, if any at all?
o How is knowledge transferred in order to facilitate innovation, if any
at all?
o Are we witnessing a paradigm shift on the Finnish forest innovation
arena?

The first question shown above shows the overall purpose of the study while the
following three questions acts as sub-purposes of the study. These sub-purposes are
used in order to give a more nuanced answer of the main purpose.
The perspective this thesis will take on the subject is from the view of the employees.
How they perceive and interpret that they share and distribute knowledge and in
which ways this affects innovation. How interactions with the employees’ peers
gives rise to continuous or groundbreaking improvements. Factors that will be taken
into consideration is how the employees perceive that the transfer of knowledge
enhances their ability to do their work more effectively and their ability to make
constant improvements. The topic that thus will be discussed is one of knowledge
transfer and innovation among engineers related to product, process and business
development. A quote that emphasizes the problematization of this thesis is one from
Pitt and MacVaugh (2008). “The potential benefits of systematic knowledge
diffusion and recombination are now acknowledged to render NPD [new product
development] less ad hoc, serendipitous and therefore more effective and efficient.”.
(p. 102)

7

Vincent Wrede

1.2 Purpose and objective
The purpose of this thesis is to uncover how the processes linked to knowledge
transfer enable innovation in the Finnish forest industry. The objective is to gain a
deeper understanding of how knowledge transfer occur from the employee’s point of
view and how they perceive it’s effect on the capability to innovate.
The purpose and objective of this paper raises several supplementary questions
related to knowledge transfer and the concept of knowledge management. How
knowledge transfer enhances the innovation capability within the companies is an
interesting question. This is because the concept of knowledge management, as
introduced by Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995), largely relates to innovation and the
creation of new knowledge through the transfer of knowledge. This is a question that
is still relevant today in the sense that the world of business is constantly changing
and that one needs to adapt and innovate in order to stay competitive.
How companies can use the knowledge they have and utilize it to the fullest through
the sharing of knowledge is another interesting question. If a company utilizes their
knowledge to the fullest then every aspect of their business will in theory improve
and become even better and more efficient. If everything becomes more efficient
then more revenue will follow which makes it possible for a company to expand.
Questions relating to strategy could also be interesting and of great importance.
Much of both the academic and general discourse regarding strategy formation is that
they should be innovative. Among others,

Gary Pisano (2015) advocates for

innovation strategies. Innovation and knowledge are closely related which is why
this aspect could be given much attention as well.
All of these questions are highly relevant regarding the subject. While there will be
aspects of them all, since the fields are overlapping, this thesis will be mostly limited
to knowledge transfer and innovation processes.

8

Vincent Wrede

1.3 Limitations
There are a few more limitations to take into consideration as well. As earlier
mentioned will the focus be on tacit knowledge rather than explicit knowledge. The
focus will thus be on the relationships between people rather than sophisticated ITsystems. The reason for this is that personal relationships encompasses the transfer of
tacit knowledge to a greater extent than IT-systems.
Another limitation is the industry. The chosen industry is the Finnish forest industry
which means that other industries may differ regarding the results. The reason for
this may be due to the nature of the industry, the industry culture and a need for
different kind of approaches regarding innovation compared to other industries.
The last limitation that will be presented is the scope this study has on innovation.
The theoretical approach the study takes on innovation is quite broad since the core
concept used in this study is open innovation. The open innovation paradigm is
arguably still a quite abstract concept which means that this study will restrain from
answering questions such as “how does one create a radical innovation?”.

1.4 Definitions
Knowledge can be seen as a very abstract word which is lacking a dominating
definition. Since knowledge does not have a dominating definition is only a working
definition presented. According to Davenport and Prusak (1998), information is
created in the moment the creator gives meaning to data. Knowledge on the other
hand can be seen as something broader than both data and information (Davenport &
Prusak, 1998). Knowledge is a mix of values, experiences and information in a
context (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). Knowledge is something that is derived from
and applied in the mind and can exist in the organizations processes, routines and
traditions (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). Knowledge is commonly divided into tacit
and explicit knowledge. Hislop (2013) mentions that tacit knowledge can be defined
as knowledge that is subjective to the individual and that is difficult to codify into
explicit knowledge. Common examples of this type of knowledge is how to do

9

Vincent Wrede
something practical. E.g., one cannot learn how to ride a bike by reading a book.
Explicit knowledge on the other hand can be defined as objective knowledge that is
possible to describe and express (Hislop, 2013). Explicit knowledge is knowledge
that for instance can be transferred through a document or a book. This can also be
described as expressible knowledge. A more distinct separation between tacit and
explicit knowledge is depicted in figure 1. The definition of knowledge this study
will assume is thus information connected to an individual’s experiences, values and
context. In other words information connected to a context which implies that the
individual knows how to use the knowledge. A more detailed distinction between the
two different forms of knowledge discussed is depicted below in figure 1.

Tacit knowledge

Explicit knowledge

Difficult to codify

Easy to codify

Subjective

Objective

Personal

Impersonal

Dependent of context

Independent of context

Difficult to share

Easy to share

Figure 1: Characteristics of knowledge (adapted from Hislop, 2013).
Knowledge management is in short about the creation and distribution of knowledge
in an organization (Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). A more elaborate discussion about
this topic is presented in the third chapter as a part of the theoretical framework.
Knowledge transfer occurs whether it is managed or not (Davenport & Prusak,
1998). Davenport and Prusak (1998) mentions that knowledge transfer demands two
types of actions. The first one is that knowledge has to be presented to a receiver
(Davenport & Prusak, 1998). The second is that the receiver has to absorb and
understand the knowledge (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). According to Davenport and
Prusak (1998), the transfer is thus not complete until the receiver has absorbed the
knowledge.
Innovation is in short anything new an organization brings to the market (Johnson,
2001). It involves the creation of new products or services. Chen, Zhu and Xie

10

Vincent Wrede
(2004) talks about the production system being introduced to a new combination of
essential factors of production. In other words, enough is not to simply create a new
product or service to be called an innovation. The organization will also have to
commercialize the product or process before it can be considered an innovation. A
more in-depth view on the area of innovation as a concept will be presented in the
third chapter.

1.5 Disposition
The disposition of this study is built up by starting with a presentation of the chosen
methodology for the collection of the data that has been gathered in order to make
this study. Next follows a presentation of the theoretical framework which this study
will be based on. After the theoretical framework is the empirical data presented
followed by an analysis of the empirical data. Lastly, a short conclusion of the study
is presented along with how the study could have been improved upon and thoughts
on future research.

11

Vincent Wrede

2. Theoretical framework
In this chapter, is the theoretical data that have been used in this study presented. The
chapter will start with a short introduction of the Finnish forest industry. The
theoretical field of knowledge management as a whole will then be presented, as well
as a deeper insight into the field of knowledge transfer and the way it connects to
innovation. An introduction to the field of innovation will then follow. The chapter
will end with a thorough depiction of the concept of open innovation.

2.1 The Finnish forest industry
2.1.1 Overview
In order to give depth to the purpose of this study it is important to describe the
Finnish forest industry and innovation to fully understand the roots of the context.
Due to the dependency on water, energy and a functioning forest ecosystem, the
industry has traditionally been environmentally sensitive (Toppinen, Pätäri, Tuppura
and Jantunen, 2017). According to Rusko (2010), the industry can be described as
traditional with products that are low in value adding and expensive to transport. The
forest industry does despite this make up 7-11% of Finland’s GDP according to
Rusko (2010) while being a highly educated country. The industry does also stand
for a relatively large share of the Finnish export with more than 20 percent of the
country’s export (Finnish Forest Industry, n.d.). According to Rusko (2010), several
studies on the Finnish forest industry have noted the simultaneous interplay between
cooperation and competition (see Lambert & Laurila, 2005, Lamberg & Ojala, 2005,
Näsi, Sajasalo & Sierilä, 2001). The main motivation behind this type of behavior
among organizations is to improve financial performance by creating greater value
through cooperation while at the same time competing with each other (Rusko,
2010). Hansen (2010) notices similar behavior in the Finnish forest industry as does
Rusko (2010). Cooperation between citizens in Finland has a long tradition which
has created an inherent advantage (Hansen, 2010). This statement can be put in
contrast to the more individualistic behavior of American counterparts (Hansen,
2010). The roots of cooperation are thus established to some degree and we can see

12

Vincent Wrede
that the industry has a long history of cooperation while at the same time being of
great importance to the Finnish economy.
Rusko (2010) also mentions that Stora-Enso is the largest paper company in Europe.
This statement, among other factors mentioned above, suggests another type of
competitive advantage than inexpensive labor. The Finnish forest industry is also
international to a high degree. By the end of the 20 th century, two thirds of the
activities were located outside of Finland (Rusko, 2010). The companies active
within the industry may thus be considered multinational corporations (MNCs)
which is important to acknowledge when we move on to the chapter on knowledge
transfer. Also worth mentioning is the degree of government involvement in the
Finnish forest industry. The government is one of the main stakeholders of the
Finnish forest industry and affects the development of the industry (Rusko, 2010).
The government operates as a stakeholder mainly through ownership (e.g. StoraEnso) and as public owner of land and forest (Rusko, 2010).
The structure of the Finnish forest industry furthermore encompasses three different
branches: the pulp and paper industry, forestry and the wood products industry
(Rusko, 2010). Rusko (2010) further explains that raw materials in the form of
pulpwood and logs are provided by forestry for the wood products industry. The
relatively high-value end products of paper are made possible by the provided pulp
material (Rusko, 2010). The essence of the structure of the branches is thus that there
is the low-value adding branch of forestry which provides raw materials for the other
two branches.

2.1.2 Ownership structure
The general structure of the ownership of the industry has been touched upon above
but a more thorough depiction of the ownership structure in the large MNCs will be
presented next. The data have been compiled by the author by taking the average of
five large Finnish companies involved in the pulp and paper industry. The reason for
this is that the data gathered will reflect the ownership structure of the industry as a
whole, due to the size of these companies, as well as the organizations included in
the study. All the companies had revenues above 1.5 billion euros in 2018. The data

13

Vincent Wrede
have been retrieved from public financial statements. Worth mentioning also is that
the averages are not weighted, i.e. it does not matter how much revenue a company
has, as all the companies are calculated as equals.
Depicted in figure 2 below are three different types of ownership classifications. We
can see that private investors in the form of financial institutions and households
make up the largest part, sector wise. Non-profit organizations, on the other hand,
stand for a relatively small part of the shareholders in the companies. Compared to
Ruskonen’s (2010) statement above, this implies that the government mainly acts as
a stakeholder through land ownership rather than shares in the organizations, at least
in the larger companies. In the next chart in the top right corner of figure 2 the
distribution between Finnish and non-Finnish nationals is depicted. We can see that
the distribution between foreign and Finnish organizations and nationals is in favor
of the Finns by a small margin. This observation combined with Rusko’s (2010)
statement, that some two thirds of the industry’s activities were located outside of
Finland, heavily supports the notion that the organizations within the industry can be
seen as MNCs. Regarding the shares and which kinds of organizations and people
own them, we can see in the chart at the bottom that Finnish households act as a
fairly large shareholder, with 18% ownership of the shares in these companies.

14

Vincent Wrede
Figure 2: Ownership structure of companies in the Finnish forest industry
2.1.3 Innovation
Climate change and the impact it has on the forest industry is a prominent topic
relating to innovation. According to Toppinen et al, (2017), the questions of how to
transform into a bio economy and how to make new green initiatives a reality the
main challenge for the pulp and paper industry of Europe. This comes with both
prospects and concerns. Porter and van der Linde (1995) argues that innovations
relating to improved productivity with the same means as earlier will be common
which in turn offsets the cost of improving the environmental performance. In other
words, it will be very common to improve productivity in order to offset the cost of
acting environmentally responsible through innovation. Toppinen et al, (2017)
further mentions that the competition will intensify as a result of more constraints,
costs, risks and regulations but that more business opportunities will open up at the
same time. There is however no consensus from previous research whether
environmental performance has a negative or positive effect on firm performance
(Konar & Cohen, 2001).
The Forest Cluster Research Strategy (2010) has outlined four different scenarios of
operation for the environment for 2030. These scenarios consists of “the Global
Bioeconomy”, “From Forest To Bioenergy”, “Business As Usual” and “SelfSufficient Soci”. This thesis will not go into detail on what the implications of each
scenario is. One of the goals however is to put the Finnish forest cluster at the
forefront of services and products in the forest industry (Forest Cluster Research
Strategy, 2010). Along the lines of the report identified necessary strategic actions
are to specialize in the products and solutions that adds the most value based on the
business environment of the alternative solutions (Toppinen et al, 2017). The aim is
to become global leaders in norms and standardization (Toppinen et al, 2017).
The Finnish forest industry is typically perceived as innovative (Hansen, 2010). This
may, to some extent, explain how a low value adding product can make up such a
large part of the Finnish GDP. The notion of innovativeness is further supported by
Sajasalo (1999), who mentions that part of the success behind the Finnish forest

15

Vincent Wrede
industry comes from innovativeness in manufacturing among other factors such as
access to raw material and cooperation practices regarding marketing. Statistics on
productivity also supports this assumption (Hansen, 2010). In 1991 was 2% of the
GDP in Finland made up of R&D expenditure (Hansen, 2010) while R&D
expenditure rose to 3,47% of the GDP in 2007, according to Official Statistics of
Finland (2007). The same numbers were 2,62% in the United States during the same
years (National Science Foundation, 2019). As we can see by the data, the United
States did not change its R&D expenditure in comparison to the GDP while Finland
increased the ratio of expenditure. The increase in R&D expenditure furthermore
came as a response to the economic crisis in Finland in the early 90’s (Hansen,
2010). It is of course difficult to prove that the success of the Finnish forest industry
came as a result of this initiative. It may however give an indication of why Finland
is succeeding in the industry and have been able to keep it as a sustainable sector of
the Finnish economy. As Hansen (2010) points out, it is difficult to compare two
countries since there are many differences between the industries in each country.

2.2 Knowledge Management
The reason why knowledge management might be viewed as such an important
component in today’s world is because of the societal development. Historically,
machines and capital might have been viewed as the crucial resources while today,
knowledge might be that resource. Largely because of the demand for higher
education among employees but also because of the difficulty of imitating a resource
like knowledge. As Dahlander and Gann (2010) points out are professionals looking
for portfolio careers rather than a job-for-life. This makes it increasingly difficult to
depend on the current employees accessible in the organization since the probability
is that they will not stay for the rest of their careers. This in turn means that the
knowledge will be lost without management. The interest for knowledge
management became large as late as the 1990’s. According to Hislop (2013), the
interest of the field did explode among academics, consultants and business people in
the mid 1990’s. Earl (2001) mentions that knowledge management has been seen as
a central component in everything from product- and process-innovation to the
renewing and adaptation of an organization to decision making. This statement is
also supported by Souto (2015), who mentions that knowledge might be seen as a
16

Vincent Wrede
critical resource based on the effects it has on organizational, process and product
innovations. Many organizations have also created groups of interest in order to
stimulate the flow of knowledge in an organization (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). The
reason behind this has been to improve the socialization between peers and provide
the opportunity to exchange ideas. According to Earl (2001), an important aspect of
these groups of interest is to connect knowledge with people who has knowledge.
The reason why the context of knowledge management is important to present is
because it acts as the link, as will be seen, between two seemingly different
theoretical areas.
Historically have organizations in a sense been divided into knowledge intensive
firms (knowledge-based organizations) and organizations that are not. We may
however discard the use of the knowledge-intensive firm in this sense. According to
Zack (2003), is it not what the organization produces that defines to which extent
knowledge is integrated into an organization. What defines a knowledge-based
organization is instead defined by what it does and how it is organized (Zack, 2003).
Nordenflycht (2010) talks about knowledge intensity and about to which extent the
organization is dependent on complex knowledge. Zack (2003) mentions that there
are two important tasks for the knowledge-based organization from a process
perspective. These are to create new knowledge and to apply existing knowledge
(Zack, 2003). So why does the definition of the knowledge-intensive firm matter?
According to Alvesson (2000), the employees are the most important resource in the
organization, if not the only one. Capital and machines are often of less importance.
The definition of the knowledge-intensive firm will however provide the context for
the setting of this study. The reason for this is that the point of departure is that these
organizations qualifies as knowledge-based firms. This enables the reader to
understand the context and thus the result to a greater extent. Another important
aspect of the understanding of the knowledge-intensive firm is to see the benefits of
it in the form of targets as applying knowledge and creating new knowledge.

2.3 Knowledge Transfer
Knowledge transfer is at the forefront of this study which is why it demands a proper
introduction. Below are three different approaches depicted regarding knowledge
17

Vincent Wrede
transfer with the last one being the SECI-model where the connection to innovation
will be in focus.

2.3.1 Factors affecting knowledge transfer
Gooderham (2007) argues that a firms organizational capabilities, regarding the
encouraging of linkages across units and consistency, has to be significantly
coordinated in order for successful knowledge transfer to occur. Gooderham (2007)
proposes a model which specifies the practices that can be used in order to favor
knowledge transfer through the promotion of social capital in MNC’s. This theory is
thus chosen since it correlates with the studied organizations.
Regarding the transfer of knowledge are there many factors to be taken into
consideration. Among these factors are the culture of the organization, structure,
behavior among employees, physical surroundings and motivation. Culture can be
defined as the way people traditionally think and do things (Linstead, 2004). Earl
(2001) mentions that a likely success factor is a culture of support in the pursuit of
knowledge-sharing. Also du Plessis (2007) mentions that the creation of a culture
that facilitates knowledge creation is of importance in regards to knowledge
management. Davenport and Prusak (1998) furthermore mentions different
guidelines that dictates how the culture should take form in regards to knowledge.
Among others are these guidelines about creating incentives and rewards when it
comes to the sharing of knowledge, that management acts by example regarding
knowledge-behavior and that management informs why it is so important to share
knowledge (Davenport & Prusak, 1998). An important factor that arises in regards of
culture is furthermore motivation as we can see. We can see the importance of being
collectively motivated as a part of the culture and that it should lay as a foundation of
how to think and act. Huang, Chiu and Lu (2013) argues that successful knowledge
transfer occurs by the opportunity to share the knowledge which derives from the
motivation of doing so.
Closely related to Huang’s et al, (2013) thoughts is the opportunity to socialize. This
is another important factor when it comes to knowledge transfer in the form of letting
people talk face-to-face and change ideas and knowledge among each other. Hislop
18

Vincent Wrede
(2013) mentions that social interactions between people can be created by providing
different forums for this purpose. Earl (2001) on the other hand writes about special
design and how both physical and social constructs can prevent people from
interacting and changing ideas and knowledge with each other. What is meant by this
is that both the physical design, of for instance office spaces, and the structure of the
organization can limit the transfer of knowledge and ideas.
The type of knowledge that is shared in different types of social structures are also of
importance and has implications on this study. The reason why it is important to
consider different types of social structures in this study is because different types of
social structures, as will be presented, has different effect on what kind of knowledge
that is shared. For instance are informal networks something that occurs almost
everywhere. According to Ruona and Blankenship (2009), informal network’s
purpose is to collect and pass on information. They propose that the type of
knowledge that primarily is shared within these networks are book-knowledge and
know-who which are easier to share and leans heavily towards explicit knowledge
(Blankenship & Ruona, 2009). Project teams are another type of social structure
which is of interest in this study. Seeing how much of the engineering field is made
up of project based work is this worth to discuss as well. Blankenship and Ruona
(2009) argues that project teams often are created in order to solve a specific problem
or a specific target. The target can be to create a product, to solve a problem and so
on (Ruona & Blankenship, 2009). Blankenship and Ruona (2009) argues that the
type of knowledge that is shared within these social structures to a large extent can
be classified as object-based and book-knowledge. The reason for this is that a
project is focused on one product or one task (Ruona & Blankenship, 2009). This
type of knowledge is to a large extent explicit which means that it is relatively easy
to transfer. But on the other hand is object-based knowledge to some extent tacit
which also has to be taken into consideration when developing strategies for
knowledge transfer (Ruona & Blankenship, 2009).

2.3.2 The dynamic capabilities driven model
The dynamic capabilities driven model mainly describes how social capital is built
from three different dimensions and how they influence the transfer of knowledge.
19

Vincent Wrede
The dimensions taken into consideration are relational-, cognitive- and structural
social capital. These dimensions are affecting the internal environment of the
organization regarding the transfer of knowledge. According to Gooderham (2007),
is the degree of relational social capital a direct necessity for successful transfer of
‘know-how’ in an MNC. These dimensions are furthermore affected by managerialinitiated practices which will be discussed as well. The model does however also
consider the external environment in the form of spatial, cultural, and economic and
educational distance.

2.3.2.1 Internal environment
To begin with is the relational dimension of social capital about factors affecting
personal relationships such as respect, trust and obligations which affects the
motivation to share knowledge (Gooderham, 2007). The relational dimension of
social capital plays a critical part of when it comes to the sharing of knowledge
between teams who do not have related competencies (Gooderham, 2007).
According to Bresman, Birkinshaw and Nobel (1999), trust does play a part since
different units do not have faith in the others abilities without it which came up as a
reason why people do not share knwoledge. By having personal relationships, trust
and respect does the motivation to share knowledge increase (Gooderham, Grøgaard
& Nordhaug, 2013).
The cognitive dimension of social capital is about providing the foundation for
communication through shared interpretations, language and systems of meaning
(Gooderham, 2007). Knowledge exchange is in other words stimulated through a
sufficient level of trust which comes from a shared ‘view of the world’ (Gooderham,
2007). As depicted in figure 3 does cognitive social capital not affect the transfer of
knowledge directly but it does affect relational social capital which does have a
direct impact on the transfer of tacit knowledge or “know-how”.
The third and last dimension of social capital is, as earlier mentioned, the structural
dimension. This dimension is about the ties that exists between different units in a
multinational corporation, how they are configured and whether these specific
networks exists or not (Gooderham, 2007). As can be seen in figure 3 does the
20

Vincent Wrede
structural dimension have an effect on both the cognitive and relational social capital
but not on the transfer of knowledge in itself. Sustained social interaction is a
necessity for developing and maintaining cognitive and relational social capital
(Gooderham, 2007).

2.3.2.2 Management-initiated practices
As depicted in figure 3, management-initiated practices also plays an indirect role in
the transfer of knowledge. That is practices that requires active management. To
begin with does transmission channels set up by the management affect the degree of
structural social capital since different units must have specific ways of reaching out
and get in contact with one another. According to Gupta and Govindarajan (2000),
knowledge outflows do improve from a subsidiary to its peer subsidiaries through the
reliance on formal mechanisms such as liaison personnel and permanent committees.
Socialization mechanisms is the second management-initiated practice that can be
found which affects the cognitive social capital dimension together with motivational
mechanisms. Socialization mechanisms refers to the same type of phenomenon as
was be seen in the Nonaka and Takeuchis SECI-model earlier depicted but with a
different aim. Socialization mechanisms are about creating a corporate culture that is
independent of educational, economic or cultural background and embraced by all
employees (Gooderham, 2007). What I mean by it being the same type of
phenomenon as in the SECI-model is that people need to have the opportunity to
socialize and get to know one another. They differ since the goal of the SECI-model
is to transfer tacit knowledge in this context while the goal of the socialization
process is to learn about other people in the organization and get rid of prejudice.
The SECI-models aim is thus to transfer knowledge directly while Gooderham’s aim
regarding socialization mechanisms is to support the transfer of knowledge.
Gooderham (2007) mentions that one way to go about creating socialization
mechanisms is to have diversity training in order to get rid of prejudice and
becoming aware of differences among employees.

21

Vincent Wrede
The last of the management-initiated practices that has an effect on the internal
environment is motivational mechanisms, according to Gooderham. Motivational
mechanisms are different from socialization mechanisms since they encompass
tangible incentives (Gooderham, 2007). The vision of an MNC is underscored and
objectified through rewarding mechanisms that have an effect on the behavior
regarding transfer or integration of knowledge (Gooderham, 2007). Cognitive social
capital will benefit linearly through the use of motivational mechanisms designed to
benefit the sharing of knowledge between the parent company of an MNC and their
subsidiaries (Gooderham, 2007).

2.3.2.3 External environment
When it comes to the external environment are there three dimensions that have been
taken into consideration with implications on the transfer of knowledge in this
model. These dimensions are the physical distance, the cultural distance and lastly,
the economic and educational distance. Compared to management-initiated practices,
which are seen as factors that can be influenced by managers, are these factors rather
fixed (Gooderham et al, 2013). As with social and motivational mechanisms does
cultural, economic and educational distance affect the cognitive social capital.
Cultural distance is about a shared language and shared interpretations which makes
it costly for an organization to move out of their cultural proximity area (Gooderham,
2007). According to Gooderham (2007), aspects in the creation of cognitive social
capital does become increasingly more challenging to obtain with increasing cultural
distance. Bresman et al, (1999) further argues that cultural distance is one of the
reasons why there is a lack of cognitive social capital in the early acquisition stages.
Cognitive social capital formation also appears to be significantly affected by
economic distance (Gooderham, 2007). This may however be because of a high
educational level rather than high income per capita since high educational levels
usually correlates with high income per capita (Gooderham, 2007). Gupta and
Govindarajan (2000) mentions that it seems to be more difficult to effectuate the
knowledge flow in a subsidiary acquired in a country with high income per capita
than in a county with low income per capita. The reason why this may be the case is
because the “not-invented here” syndrome appears to kick in when the subsidiary
views itself as on par regarding educational levels with the parent company
22

Vincent Wrede
(Gooderham, 2007). According to Gooderham (2007), a larger spatial distance leads
to a weaker degree of structural social capital. The reason why geographical distance
acts as a barrier, according to Gooderham et al, (2013) is because it is costly and time
consuming to organize and execute long-distance traveling.

Figure 3: The dynamic capabilities driven model (adapted from Gooderham, 2007).
The dynamic capabilities driven model proposed by Gooderham (2007) is used in
this study in order to analyze the transfer of knowledge in the Finnish forest industry.
The reason for this is that the model captures the knowledge transfer activities that
takes place in a corporation with emphasize on a multinational corporation (MNC).

2.3.3 The SECI-model
The link between knowledge transfer and innovation is, as earlier mentioned, the
main focus of this study, how one create the settings to facilitate innovation through
the sharing and transfer of knowledge. So, what is the link between knowledge
management and innovation then?
The most prominent advocate for the creation of knowledge (innovation) through
knowledge transfer is arguably Nonaka and Takeuchi through their book “The
Knowledge Creating Company” from 1995. The SECI-model proposed by Nonaka
23

Vincent Wrede
and Takeuchi (1995) is about the creation of knowledge through the transfer of
knowledge. The name SECI is an abbreviation of the four different modes or
processes that takes place in order to create knowledge. The modes that takes place
are socialization, externalization, combination and internalization. This model
differentiates between two different forms of knowledge. These forms are tacit and
explicit knowledge. Depicted in figure 4 is the SECI-model and the four different
modes of knowledge conversion which will be explained in the coming paragraphs.
The socialization mode refers to the conversion of tacit knowledge (Nonaka &
Takeuchi, 1995). This process is about the transfer of tacit knowledge to other
employees within the organization. This consists of sharing and transferring mental
models, images and technical abilities (Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). This is supported
by du Plessis (2007) as well. According to du Plessis (2007), management can create
the correct circumstances and environment for tacit knowledge exchange to occur.
This can be done through the creation of communities of practice regarding areas of
innovation, but also through other platforms (du Plessis, 2007). According to Nonaka
and Takeuchi (1995), it is problematic to share tacit knowledge without having some
form of shared teachings. The meaning of this is that it becomes problematic if there
is a lack of associated feelings connected to the knowledge or if the knowledge is not
shared within a context. A concretization of this process could be to learn how to
make a bread. The socialization process is about observing and imitating how the
dough is kneaded, formed and so on in order to gain the correct taste, consistency
and so forth. This represents the transfer of mental images and models among the
employees.
The conversion of tacit knowledge to explicit knowledge is known as externalization
(Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). This mode is about the conceptualization of ideas
through, for instance, models and concepts in order to make it possible for other
people to understand the knowledge and thus make it transferrable. du Plessis (2007)
suggests that tacit knowledge can be captured through IT-platforms such as
discussion data bases. She mentions that the conversion of tacit knowledge to explicit
knowledge is valuable if the knowledge is stored in some way since it can be
retrieved and used later (du Plessis, 2007). Of the four different processes of
conversion is this one regarded as the key for the creation of new knowledge,
24

Vincent Wrede
according to Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995). The reason for this is that new explicit
concepts are created in the process of speaking figuratively of something. Once the
new knowledge has been explicitly expressed should there be no inconsistencies or
similar left in the expressed model, concept etc. (Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). The
explicit knowledge should in other words be fully understandable and expressed in a
way that others can understand the idea. If we go back to the example of making a
bread would this process be about creating a recipe of the bread. A recipe that states
the ingredients, how the kneading should be done, at which temperature the bread
should be baked at and so forth.
The combination mode refers to the sharing and transfer of explicit knowledge
(Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). According to Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995), this process
is about implementing explicit knowledge in knowledge systems. According to
Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995), this process is about systematizing explicit knowledge
and combining it with a knowledge system and share through different media such
as phones, documents and meetings. Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995) mentions that
creative ways of using IT-systems facilitates the transfer of explicit knowledge. In
the example of making bread, this process would be represented by sharing the
recipe with other people through IT-systems.
The final process, known as internalization, is about converting the explicit
knowledge into tacit knowledge (Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). According to Grant
(2013), knowledge is converted from explicit knowledge through routines and
intuition; these are also the drivers of this process. The internalization process is
about transferring the explicit knowledge to the individual which implies that the
spiral of knowledge creation starts again. Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995) note that the
internalization of knowledge is about embodying the explicit knowledge into tacit
knowledge whereby the knowledge becomes an asset for the organization. The
reason for this is that the knowledge can then be used in theory as well as in practice.
The example of how to make bread could in this process be represented by other
people being exposed to the recipe that was shared in the previous process and trying
to recreate the bread themselves.

25

Vincent Wrede
Figure 4 visualizes how the SECI-model works in theory. As mentioned above, the
knowledge creating process begins through socialization where tacit knowledge is
shared among employees through, for instance, discussions, metaphors and
analogies. As can be seen in figure 4, discussion and the sharing of ideas are a central
part when trying to convert tacit knowledge into explicit through models, concepts
and manuals and so forth. This leads to the third mode where the explicit knowledge
is further shared through IT-systems, databases and so on. In the fourth and last
mode, Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995) suggest that internalization comes about through
learning-by-doing. Hence, the knowledge does become an asset to the organization
when it is applied in services and products. The spiral of knowledge is then
completed and can continue and become an integrated function of the organization
where the created knowledge loops through the mentioned modes.

Figure 4: The spiral of knowledge (adapted from Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995).

2.4 Innovation
Innovation is, similar to knowledge management, a very broad and abstract field. In
this part of the theory, the landscape of innovation is presented followed by a

26

Vincent Wrede
presentation of the open innovation paradigm. In the discussion of innovation, it is
important not only to highlight the processes of innovation management, but also the
different categories of innovation that may be the outcome or the target. The reason
being it may explain at which stage different types of innovations are necessary or
more beneficial to invest in, which benefits one of the sub-purposes of this study.
The result can of course only be confirmed if it is proven that the Finnish forest
industry is at the forefront of innovation.
Pisano (2015) suggests that characteristics of innovations can be outlined along two
dimensions, the degree of new competencies involved and the degree of a new
business model involved. A matrix consisting of four different categories of
innovations is thus created as depicted below in figure 5.
The first, and maybe, the most common type of innovation is routine innovation.
This sort of innovation builds on the existing knowledge and utilizes the business
model already in existence (Pisano, 2015). It can be compared to “the next
generation” type of products and processes and continuous incremental
improvements such as the latest Iphone or the the next BMW M3. According to
Rahman, Zakir and Chin (2017), innovations with these characteristics have
relatively low, if any, impact on society or the markets currently available. This
means that the markets will not change in-line with consumers and so on. MartínesRos and Orfila-Sintes (2009) further

argue that the results of incremental

innovations are more predictable in the process of improving and adapting a current
technology.
Disruptive innovation, however, has to use a new business model (Pisano, 2015). It
does however not have to use radically new technology or competence (Pisano,
2015). According to Christensen, Raynor and McDonald (2015), disruptive
innovation takes a foothold from one of two places, a new market or the low-end
market. Low-end market means a neglected market which does not appeal to
producers since they are focusing their resources and products on the more lucrative
high-paying market. The first of the two footholds concerns the creation of a market
where there is none (Christensen et al, 2015). AirAsia is good example for this since
they did not invent aircrafts or holidays, but they did still create a new market.
27

Vincent Wrede
Instead they opted to recreate their business model in order to make flying affordable
for bottom earners in Malaysia. They did this by re-inventing the business model for
the airline industry in a specific geographic area. The second footholds comes from,
as earlier described, investing in low-end and unserved markets (Christensen et al,
2015). This means that the products are sold in small quantities at inception until the
quality has caught up with alternatives (Christensen et al, 2015). An example of this
is Apple’s Iphone (Christensen et al, 2015). It was not a disruptive innovation in
regard to the mobile phone but to the computer because of its easy access to the
internet and thus created a new market of internet users (Christensen et al, 2015).
On the other end of the spectrum we find radical innovation. According to Pisano
(2015), radical innovations involves new technical competencies but not a new
business model. That is, the new technological competencies can be applied in the
same setting as earlier and thus fit in the existing business model. These innovations
can transform or create entire new markets because of the radical changes in the
product, process or service (Leifer, McDermott, O’connor, Peters, Rice& Veryzer,
2000). Radical innovation can furthermore be described as breaking with current
practices through the use of new knowledge which creates revolutionary and
fundamental changes in the technology (Dewar & Dutton, 1986). E.g. the creation of
the mobile phone, the consumers were already there and the new technology were
easily aligned with the existing business model but it required new technical
knowledge in order to go from wired phones to mobile phones. In essence, radical
innovation is about making a familiar product, service or process either significantly
cheaper, perform significantly better or making it bring unpresented performance
features (Leifer et al, 2000).
The final innovation category in this matrix is called architectural innovation. This
innovation type is the combination of a disruptive business model and the utilization
of disruptive technical competencies (Pisano, 2015). This means that an organization
has to find a new way to the market with a “new-to-the-world product”. According to
Henderson and Clark (1990), architectural innovation is about the reconfiguration of
existing technologies in a new way. Sub components in an innovation can change
which may lead to new applications of the innovation but the core components stays
the same (Henderson & Clark, 1990). An example of an architectural innovation is
the Walkman from Sony. The reason for this is that the technology behind it already
28

Vincent Wrede
existed in the form of cassette players. The existing technology was put together in a
new configuration which created a portable device where a person could listen to
music on the move.

Figure 5: Landscape map of innovation (adapted from Pisano, 2015)

2.4.1 Open innovation
Innovations have become increasingly difficult to internalize in organizations (du
Plessis, 2007). Organizations have increasingly changed the way new products and
services are brought to the market by a shift in the approach to innovation. A shift
which is changing from internal R&D operations to external collaborators. This shift
can be seen as a shift from the closed innovation paradigm to the open innovation
paradigm (see Chesbrough). Why it is then important to bring up this paradigm shift
from closed to open innovation in a study on the Finnish forest industry? The reason
why this paradigm shift is so important to discuss is because of the differences in the
way innovations are brought to life in organizations which is seemingly more
efficient.

29

Vincent Wrede

Henry Chesbrough might be seen as the initiator of the open innovation paradigm.
According to West and Bogers (2017), open innovation has its beginnings in
Chesbrough’s (2003) discussion about how other firms might apply a managerial
phenomenon. So what is the open innovation paradigm and how did it come about?
Chesbrough (2006) expresses open innovation as expanding the markets for the use
of innovation externally and accelerating internal innovation by purposeful out- and
inflows of knowledge. Open innovation is based on the thought that an organization
should use external as well as internal sources of knowledge to innovate and to reach
the market. Chesbrough (2003) bases his case for a shift to the open innovation
paradigm on close observations on a few different cases. Among them are companies
such as Xerox, IBM and Intel. Chesbrough (2003) brings up the limits and
achievements of the closed innovation paradigm and builds a case for the shift to the
open innovation paradigm by analyzing these companies. Faems (2008) mentions
that some managers even considers this paradigm as a necessity for competitive
advantage rather than a competitive advantage on its own. This supports the thought
that open innovation is not only a fad but a way of dealing with innovation that might
be here to stay.
In order to understand the open innovation paradigm, it is necessary to briefly review
the so-called closed innovation paradigm in order to recognize the roots and changes
towards the open innovation paradigm. The reason for this is that changes in the
knowledge landscape has to be recognized in order to understand the open
innovation paradigm. Chesbrough (2003) describes the closed innovation paradigm
from the standpoint of the availability of knowledge and skilled people. A growing
number of university graduates, and thus increasing knowledge becoming available,
leads to companies increasing the resources they apply on their own R&D
(Chesbrough, 2003). The thought was to hire the best people, provide them with the
best facilities and equipment, and leave them alone. According to Chesbrough
(2006), the closed innovation process is about the use of an in-house R&D
department or organization which develops the products that the firm sells and
distributes. Centralized, internal R&D was at the core of the logic behind the closed
innovation paradigm (Chesbrough, 2003). This in combination with more knowledge
available lead to the formation and expansion of many famous labs such as Xerox
30

Vincent Wrede
PARC and the T.J. Watson Laboratories at IBM (Chesbrough, 2006). This proves
there was only one place for ideas to emerge and one place for ideas to reach the
market, namely the individual company. This era of closed innovation is also known
as the golden age for internal research and development (Chesbrough, 2006). By
having the best people and the best gear, one was most likely to succeed and reap the
benefits of the innovations by making groundbreaking discoveries within the firm
and being able to commercialize them. A consequence of aligning innovation in this
fashion is thus the inevitable spillovers of R&D (Chesbrough, 2006). This was
regarded as cost of doing business (Chesbrough, 2006). The reason for this is that
there only is one path in and one path out for the inventions and ideas emerge. The
implications of the single path to the market was that spillovers from R&D were put
on the shelf and underutilized. Another consequence of the central R&D lab was that
the constant pressure of delivering short-term financial gain led to the employees in
these dedicated innovation centers to opt for routine innovations on existing products
(Leifer et al, 2000). The reason being that focus was always on maximizing shortterm financial gain which stood in the way of high-risk projects that took longer to
complete (Leifer et al, 2000). The framework of the closed innovation paradigm that
have been laid out above lead us to the open innovation paradigm with its changes in
the knowledge landscape and breaking of boundaries within the firm.
Chesbrough (2003) describes the open innovation paradigm as a contrast to closed
innovation. Where R&D is at the core of closed innovation, it becomes a part of a
larger entirety in open innovation. The role of R&D has come to change as a part of
the changing knowledge landscape. Research and development are treated as an open
system in the open innovation paradigm (Chesbrough, 2006). Even the most
sophisticated R&D organization has to understand how to leverage and use external
sources of knowledge and ideas as a part of the core process of innovation
(Chesbrough, 2006). The reason for this is that this approach assumes knowledge is
widely distributed (Chesbrough, 2006). The reason why research and development
can be thought of as one part of many instead of the key component, as in the closed
innovation paradigm, is because the ideas for an innovation can come from anywhere
as depicted in figure 6. Ideas do not have to be developed and created by the same
firm that commercializes them. Chesbrough (2003) mentions that external ideas and
paths to the market becomes as important as internal because of this approach. This
31

Vincent Wrede
means that the R&D has to be the broker of knowledge instead of only including
knowledge generation (Chesbrough, 2003). In other words, the internal R&D is still
important but has to have the capability of evaluating and identifying the external
knowledge in order to make it useful. Company strategies change faster than the
rhythm of basic research which means that companies should not and cannot wait for
internal tech to arrive (Chesbrough, 2003). They should instead outsource innovation
to someone else (Chesbrough, 2003).

Figure 6: The knowledge landscape in the Open Innovation paradigm (adapted from
Chesbrough, 2003).
Depicted above in figure 6 is the knowledge landscape of the open innovation
paradigm. It assumes that ideas can and should emerge both inside and outside the
firm. In figure 6 are two companies depicted within the orange lines, Company A
and Company B. Research projects that are only at the beginning stages of
development are depicted on the far left, and might only be regarded as ideas at this

32

Vincent Wrede
stage in the companies. As these research projects evolve through the companies,
they reach the stages of development and, eventually, commercialized products once
they hit the market on the far right side in figure 6. The differences towards the
closed innovation paradigm can be seen in figure 6 where research projects reach
other markets than the ones they originally were developed for. As seen in figure 6, a
research project from Company B can move to Company A, through various
arrangements, where it is further developed and commercialized for A’s current
market. We can also see that it is possible for a project or idea, that otherwise would
have been stacked on the shelf, to reach an entire new market. This occurrence is
depicted in the top of figure 6. Chesbrough (2003) argues that the quality and
availability of external ideas has led to this opportunity of using ideas from the
outside of the firm.

2.4.1.1 Inbound vs. outbound open innovation
An approach that can be taken in order to understand open innovation in more depth
is by comparing four different types of openness and looking at open innovation as a
continuum rather than as binary. These different types encompass two different types
of outbound innovation in the form of revealing and selling and two different types
of inbound innovation in the form of sourcing and acquiring (Dahlander & Gann,
2010). As can be seen in figure 7 below, these characteristics create a matrix of
different types of open innovation.

Figure 7: Different forms of openness (adapted from Dahlander & Gann, 2010).
To begin there are outbound non-pecuniary innovations on how internal resources
are revealed to the external environment (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). It relates to how
a firm lets the external environment be aware of the internal resources without

33

Vincent Wrede
getting direct financial benefits from it (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). One could in turn
ask why this approach to innovation would be beneficial. According to Henkel
(2006), the explanation is that firms opt to reveal selective internal resources in order
to evoke collaboration. Dahlander and Gann (2010) also mention that firms can fail
to bring enough resources from the external environment and becoming too obsessed
with ownership for the innovation to be ready for commercialization. There are
obviously disadvantages to this type of innovation approach as well. Helfat (2006)
mentions that the difficulty in revealing internal resources is to capture the accrued
value from such an action. According to Dahlander and Gann (2010), the question of
which resources to reveal to the external environment is another challenge.
Especially when one compares a large company to a smaller company it becomes
evident that the larger of the two have the resources to structure a process around
whether to disclose the information or file a patent while the smaller may lack those
resources (Dahlander & Gann, 2010).
The second type of outbound innovation is referred to as selling and involves
economical terms between the different parties. It is about licensing out or selling
inventions to other firms in order to commercialize those (Dahlander & Gann, 2010),
e.g. spillovers from internal R&D activities are available to find their way to the
market by being licensed or sold to firms whose business models it might fit.
Dahlander and Gann (2010) mentions that investment in R&D can be more fully
leveraged by licensing or selling [inventions and patents] through partnerships with
actors who wants to bring inventions to the market. Disadvantages of this type of
openness can come in the form of a ‘disclosure paradox’. A ‘disclosure paradox’
occurs when a potential buyer of a license shows interest towards an inventor and the
inventor has to reveal some information to the licensee (Dahlander & Gann, 2010).
This leads to a possibility where the licensee receives the information without paying
for it and might thus steal the information (Dahlander & Gann, 2010).
Inbound innovation that revolves around a non-pecuniary relationship is referred to
as sourcing. It is about external sources of innovation and how firms can use those
(Dahlander & Gann, 2010). Before starting internal R&D activities, firm scan the
external environment for available ideas and technologies (Chesbrough et al, 2006).
If ideas are available then firms will use those (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). Dahlander
34

Vincent Wrede
and Gann (2010) further mentions that it may be possible to create profits from
external ideas depending on whether firms are able to create synergies between
internal processes and external ideas. It is about leveraging other’s discoveries
(Dahlander & Gann, 2010).
The second type of inbound innovation involves economical terms between different
parties and is referred to as acquiring. As the name suggest is it about acquiring input
from the marketplace for the innovation process (Dahlander & Gann, 2010).
Compared to outbound, pecuniary innovation can be understood as the opposite. It is
about licensing-in expertise from the outside (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). It is also
noted that expertise is needed in order to acquire the correct ideas (Dahlander &
Gann, 2010).

2.5 Conclusion
In this chapter, a short introduction of the Finnish forest industry has been presented.
The conclusion is that there is support for the industry of being innovative.
Furthermore have the main concepts of knowledge transfer and innovation been
given an introduction. Regarding knowledge transfer has a deeper focus been put on
factors affecting the transfer of knowledge through the depiction of the SECI-model
and the capability driven model. Regarding innovation, the concept of open
innovation has been given a thorough depiction as well. In the next chapter is the
empirical data that has been collected through interviews reviewed.

35

Vincent Wrede

3 Research method and data
This chapter will start with the methods chosen for achieving the purpose of this
study. The process of collecting data will then be presented followed up by the
chosen method for analysis and ethical considerations. Lastly, contingent method
problems will be discussed.

3.1 Selection of data
To begin with, this study can be categorized as explanative. According to Björklund
and Paulsson (2003), this means that a study is trying to create deeper understanding
and knowledge by explaining and describing. The reason why it has been decided to
use an explanative study format is thus because the topics already has been
researched to a large extent. Another point of view that can be said about this study is
that it is deductively executed. This means that a hypothesis is created based on
theory which is then verified by the empirical data (Björklund & Paulsson, 2003).
This thesis will thus present the theory before the empirical data. The questions that
are used during the interviews are furthermore based on the theory. The reason for
doing a deductive study is the short time frame regarding this study and that a study
like this in regards to the topic needs a thorough base to approach from.
As a method for the selection of data, is a large share of the data presented in this
study based on scientific literature. The literature that will be used in this study is
collected from scientific books and journals, also known as secondary data. Other
forms of secondary data that are relevant will be used as well (e.g. Harvard Business
Review etc.). An important aspect to take into consideration about the use of
secondary sources is that they are not angled, restricting the point of view or
36

Vincent Wrede
otherwise compromises an objective point of view on the matter at hand (Björklund
& Paulsson, 2003). With this in mind is the theoretical chapter trying to take a broad
as possible perspective on the topics in order to minimize the risk of angled
information by including differentiating sources.
As the other main source of data is this thesis using empirical data in the form of
semi-structured interviews. This type of data, also known as primary data, can be
categorized as a dialog through telephone as well as through e-mail (Björklund &
Paulsson, 2003). Different types of interviews are structured interviews, semistructured interviews and unstructured interviews. A structured interview is about
following a set of pre-written questions (Björklund & Paulsson, 2003). Bryman
(2002) mentions that this type of interview often consists of closed questions and that
they are of most importance in quantitative research. Semi-structured interviews are
about sub-topics that are pre-written and are brought up when suitable depending on
the informants’ answers (Björklund & Paulsson, 2003). Bryman (2002) mentions that
a semi-structured interview often is approached through an interview-guide, which is
a set of pre-formulated questions, which can contain relatively specific questions.
This means that the informant will have large freedom when it comes to formulating
answers (Bryman, 2002). The interview guide is more of guidelines which means
that all questions in it does not have to be asked. For example, in case it does not
relate to answers from the informant (Bryman, 2002). Lastly are unstructured
interviews more like a normal conversation (Björklund & Paulsson, 2003).
The method that will be used in the interviews conducted in this research will be
semi-structured. The reason for this is that it gives the informants much freedom to
describe processes and relationships which is an important aspect regarding the
results of this study. This form of interview creates the possibility to gain answers on
how the employees feel and perceive things without losing focus on relatively
specific areas. This type of interview also gives the control to the interviewer which
is needed since relatively specific areas have to be discussed. The empirical data will
consist of six interviews in the Finnish forest industry. The informants will consist of
employees related to manufacturing, product and business development.

37

Vincent Wrede
It would be possible to use unstructured interviews in a study like this as well. The
reason why semi-structured interviews have been preferred is because they, unlike
unstructured interviews, have the ability to encompass all the topics that has to be
discussed. A risk with unstructured interviews is that it is easy to follow in the wrong
path. This in turn would affect the validity of a study. According to Bryman (2002),
it is decisive if the interviewer gives room for flexibility regarding the informants
and that data about how the informants perceive their world is collected. This aligns
with the purpose of this study in the sense that this thesis objective is to study how
the employees in the forest industry perceive their world.

3.2 Method of analysis
The method of analysis of the empirical data is narrative. Narrative analysis is a
course of action in analyzing data that easily can be influenced by the informants'
events and values which may appear while talking about their lives (Bryman, 2002).
The reason behind this approach is thus that the answers given by the informants
may very well be in the form of examples of events that has taken place in their own
lives and concretized through stories of their own. The answers are thus most of the
time subjective to some extent which is something that is taken into consideration
while analyzing the empirical data.
Another part regarding the analysis is codification of the empirical data. In
comparison to quantitative data is there no specific way of codifying qualitative data
(Bryman, 2002). There are however factors to take into consideration and to be
aware of while performing an analysis on empirical data. Bryman (2002) mentions
that qualitative material has the risk of losing its context in the stage of codification.
The essence of the codification is thus to be aware of taking words out of context and
draw conclusion on material that is analyzed in the above mentioned way. The
codification was done by first transcribing the interviews. The second step was to
find connections, patterns and differences between the interviews. This was done
through notes where parts of the interviews was emphasized and thoroughly
compared. These conclusions then stood as the basis of the analysis.

38

Vincent Wrede

3.3 Practical approach

The thesis was initiated by looking up relevant studies regarding the areas which
were going to be explored. These studies set the basis of off which the theoretical
framework was created. The search engines primarily used was Google Scholar and
EBSCOhost. Other sources of secondary data was found in the libraries of Åbo
Akademi University in the form of books which were not found through Google
Scholar. The reason that these databases were used in the search of data was that they
provided reliable sources of information which furthermore could be used in the
creation of the theoretical framework.
While building the theoretical framework were several organizations from the
Finnish forest industry contacted to look for interest regarding participation in
interviews. Seeing how the topic of innovation is quite narrow regarding processes
were some problems encountered in the pursuit of participants in the interviews. The
reason for this was that the companies wanted specific persons with knowledge on
the innovation processes to participate in the interviews in order to give correct
information. Since these people are representing a small part of the organizations it
lead to considerable more work in order to gain enough participants. The people who
were contacted were in positions related to either innovation or business
development. All of the people contacted held a senior position at the time of the
interviews.
After many calls and e-mails through various personal networks were enough people
found in order to complete the interviews. The first four interviews took place on
17th, 25th and 27th of June as well as 2nd of July. The last interview took place on the
4th of November. Most of the interviews took place in the greater Helsinki area at
respective company’s office. The interviews were furthermore recorded on a
smartphone where after they were transcribed. All of the interviewees are
anonymous as it makes for a more objective study.
In total, 15 people in various organizations were contacted, either through e-mail or
phone. Of these 15 people contacted, eight responded. Of the eight respondents were

39

Vincent Wrede
five able to participate in an interview. Reasons for not participating were a lack of
time and being in the wrong position to give adequate answers on the research topic.

3.4 Ethical considerations
When it comes to qualitative research are ethical considerations an important aspect.
This is something that has been taken into consideration while conducting the study.
Regarding a study like this may the important questions refer to the ones of
anonymity, information requirement and confidentiality requirement. Anonymity
considers that the informant knows that they have the right to be anonymous during
the interview, in the transcriptions of the interviews and in the thesis itself. Closely
related to anonymity is the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) which is
another factor that has been taken into consideration. Also closely related to the
GDPR is the question of confidentiality requirement. This question entails the
interviewer to store personal information in a way that is secure and do not leave
access to unauthorized people. According to Bryman (2002), the information
requirement is about the informant’s right to know what the purpose of the study is
and that they have the option to quit participating at any moment. This is important
in regards to questions or dialog that are related to confidential information and that
they have the option to not answer the question at hand. These are the ethical
questions that first and foremost has been taken into consideration during the writing
of this thesis.

3.5 Method problems
A good approach in determining flaws and problems regarding a study in the context
of its methods can be taken from the three words validity, objectivity and reliability.
These measurements can be seen as a measure of the reliability of the study,
according to Björklund & Paulsson (2003).
Validity refers to which extent the study studies what is set out to be studied
(Björklund & Paulsson, 2003). In other words, it is a measure to which extent the
purpose of the study has been reached. Björklund and Paulsson (2003) also mentions
that validity can be seen as a measurement of the credibility of a study. This is

40

Vincent Wrede
something that has to be taken into consideration. A practical way of making validity
as high as possible in the planning stage might be to have well-structured questions
that aligns with the purpose by understanding the theory very well and the industry/
part of organization in which the study takes place. Some difficulties encountered
during the interviews were lack of time of some of the participants which meant that
some aspects of the study has less data than others. However, it could also be argued
that the questions are overlapping enough that all aspects of the study were included
anyways. In order to improve on the credibility aspect, one could think that more
participants could give a more credible conclusion of the data. Another thing that
could have resulted in improved reliability was to use more instruments of
measurement, e.g. inquiries or observations.
Reliability refers to if the same conclusions could be drawn if the study were to be
done again (Björklund & Paulsson, 2003). Processes takes time to change in an
organization which is why a similar result probably would be found if the study were
to be done in the same settings in the near future. However, it can be said that on a
long term will processes certainly have changed, this is especially significant in the
sense of the technological advances we see regarding information technology. It can
also be said that despite changes in processes for achieving innovation through
knowledge transfer will the psychological results and mechanisms probably not
change that much. The reason for this is that the way we are psychologically wired is
biological which again does not change during the lifetime of a person.
Objectivity is about to which extent and degree values affects the study (Björklund &
Paulsson, 2003). Regarding the purpose of this thesis can it be said that the
objectivity is quite high. The reason for this is that it is not a question related to
politics or personal opinions in a direct way. This in turn means that there are no
clear dividing questions where the author of the thesis and the informants might have
widely different opinions which could affect the objectivity in that sense. On the
other hand, can it be said that the interviews and especially the primary data will be
influenced by personal opinions since the informants will be reflecting their own
lives from their point of view.

41

Vincent Wrede
Apart from the three measurements mentioned above is another factor related to
method also the number of informants. As previously stated will there be six
different informants which is a bit too few to draw generalizing conclusions of.
However, it will most certainly be possible to find similar patterns in other similar
organizations.
The last aspect regarding method problems in this thesis that will be brought up is the
question of who the informants are and how it may affect the outcome of the study. It
is an important question to address since, depending on the position of the
informants, they will have different scopes on the research question. The informants
are at similar positions in the organizations, all with a connection to development of
product, process or business. This would imply that the answers most likely will
come from a theoretical point of view of how things work and should work
compared to employees closer to the ground floor who might tell things the way they
are. This might be a problem since the data may not encompass what is happening in
reality. This will however most probably also mean that the answers are conveyed in
the same manner which implies that answers at least will be comparable.

3.6 Conclusion
In this chapter, a review of the methods that have been used in order to retrieve the
material has been presented. The study has been conducted deductively which means
that the theory has laid as a foundation in the retrieval of the empirical material. A
review of the practical approach has been depicted together with issues of the chosen
methods. In the next chapter follows the theoretical framework that sets the basis of
the empirical data.

42

Vincent Wrede

4. Empirical data
In the previous chapter was the methodological framework presented where the
methods of data collection were established. The theoretical framework has also been
reviewed. In this chapter, the empirical data is presented as the second and final part
of data. The chapter will start with a short introduction of the companies where the
interviews have taken place followed by a systematic review of the interviews
43

Vincent Wrede
themselves. In the review of the empirical data have the aim been to display all the
data that has been gathered. The reason for this decision is to give an objective
depiction of the data as possible. The empirical review may thus include data that
may be unexplored in the analyze chapter. Since the interviews have been carried out
anonymously have each interview object been given an alias and will never be
referred to by their real names.

4.1 The organizations
Due to the anonymous nature of the interviews is this study unable to disclose the
company names and thus more detailed information about the companies
participating in the study. The people participating in this study are all working in
organizations listed on the stock exchange. The organizations had revenues
exceeding 1.5 billion euros in 2018. As earlier pointed out may these organizations
be seen as MNC’s due to their activities and ownership to a large extent being
located outside of Finland. All companies employed on average 2000 or more people
in the year 2018.
The companies participating in this thesis are all involved in the pulp and paper
production which also serves as a key-sector for these organizations. The companies
can be categorized as manufacturers and producers in the sector. The companies are
however also active in various other sectors related to the forest industry.

4.2 Interviews
As mentioned in the previous chapter, a total of five interviews have been carried out
in four different companies active in the Finnish forest industry. The interviews were
carried out in respective organization’s office.
4.2.1 Interview with Anders
Anders holds a master’s degree in engineering. He has been working with
development for the majority of his career. Anders is currently working as a manager
in company X at one of the mills. The majority of his time is allocated to traveling,
administration and the development of processes and products. Regarding

44

Vincent Wrede
development in the organization does Anders think about the problems at hand as
well as organize and lead others that are involved in the development of products and
processes. Anders does however explain that no day looks the same.
The structure is described by Anders as non-hierarchical. While further explaining
the structure of the organization does it occur that the company has a classic
structure, i.e. the further one go to the top the less people there are. From a structural
point of view can it however be seen that there only are seven or so levels needed to
go from the absolute bottom to the absolute top of the organization.
According to Anders, the culture is typically Finnish from a managerial level all the
way down. By this does he mean that one tend to trust the leaders, even those on a
higher level. But because of the level of internationalism does the leadership change
the further up in the organization one goes.
When we start to talk about innovation and what it is, Anders describes it as
everything that can be made cheaper or more productive. He mentions for example
that a new product, a new raw material, a cheaper transport route or to reduce
emissions can all be seen as innovations. He further mentions new ways to recruit
and new ways to monitor a machine as examples of what he regards as innovation.
While asking what kind of innovations the company is trying to achieve does Anders
answer that the above mentioned innovations are all examples of what company X is
trying to innovate. They are trying to innovate in all areas that adds value. The focus
is however on product and process development and innovation. Anders argues that
the reason for this scope on innovation is that it is easier to show the difference
between these kind of investments and their results than for example investments in
HR.
Anders mentions that there in essence are two ways to come up with new ideas. One
is that a person comes up with an idea of how something can be improved. People
can for example say that they have found an easier way to reach a certain goal. The
other one, considered more traditional, is that there is a need. When there is a need,
one systematically applies resources in order to solve the problem, according to
Anders.
45

Vincent Wrede

When further asked to elaborate on how a process or product innovation came to life,
Anders answers that he cannot. He does, however, mention that there in general were
a few things necessary for the innovation to come to life. It took a number of things,
seemingly insignificant on their own, or things earlier thought not working on their
own, to be put together in order to realize this innovation. The thought process was
depicted as thing X enables thing Y to work which in turn makes Z possible. All the
things were separately worked into the project and put together whereupon it started
to look promising and the innovation could be finalized.
Regarding crucial factors for innovation does Anders argue that people is the most
important asset. He further develops his argument by saying that a person who is
constantly looking around and thinking about how something can be improved or
work better is the kind of person who is important for innovation. This is the kind of
thinking that has to extend to the mill. If an idea gets presented, they further organize
around that idea if people think it is a good one. There is no such thing as the optimal
innovation organization, according to Anders. Moreover, Anders elaborates on his
argument that an important aspect in people is to be open for new ideas. The reason
for this is that it is always easier to say no since saying yes means more work for
oneself. This type of attitude is regarded as important among “white-collar”
employees as well as “blue-collar” workers. Anders mentions that they welcome all
ideas from all levels and that the company has a computer system designated for the
purpose of capturing ideas of improvements. Every department takes care of and
process their own ideas. They are treated and filtered out according to the
contemporary need of the department. Two or more people thinks about the idea,
whether it will proceed to the next step or not. The aim is that the closest manager or
foreman mentions that they have received the idea and that they appreciate it. They
receive about 100 ideas per year at the mill. The thought is that if one bets on enough
horses one of them will win.
Regarding failure in the creation of an innovation is it implied that if one does
nothing then one will not fail on the one hand, but on the other hand will nothing
evolve. This is something the leadership in the organization is counting on, it is a
game of probability. They are trying to learn from failures by sharing their
46

Vincent Wrede
experiences to some extent with other mills and other personnel on the one hand. But
on the other hand does a failure at this mill not mean that it would not work at
another mill with different circumstances argues Anders. They do however try to
explain why something did not work out for them. He says that experiences are
shared through an intranet but that face-to-face is the most common type of medium
for the transfer of experiences and information.
The time frame for innovations are seemingly long in the industry. According to
Anders is, or at least was, the paper industry notoriously slow when it comes to
innovations and improvements. The reason for this is that the risks are very large. He
takes an investment in a new paper machine as an example. The cost and thus the
risk is so high that one have to be as sure as possible that the paper machine works in
the same way one have anticipated. He mentions that the plan of action when it
comes to new investments and innovations, like this paper machine, in broad terms is
to start in for example a laboratory. After this maybe moving to a laboratory that is a
bit larger and finally perhaps rent a machine that is a lot thinner but otherwise the
same as the full scale machine before deciding on investing in the real deal.
When it comes to more outsourced developments, Anders mentions collaborations
with universities and research institutes within the forest industry. Regarding these
kind of collaborations is it not uncommon for competitors and other companies
within the forest industry to be involved in the projects as well. Important to note is
that they are only collaborating with competitors in the development phase of a
project. The next step is either to take the developing project in-house for finalization
or to keep on collaborating with the university or research institute as the only
partner. The partnering organization will then only report to company X. But
company X is also the only organization still paying for the service at this stage.
If a product or process does not work in the entity it has been developed does Anders
mention that the solution can be offered to colleagues in other mills. Another
possibility is to patent the innovation in case they want to protect it. If it is possible
to patent the innovation then they may license it out.

47

Vincent Wrede
Anders regards knowledge as how one applies the mixture of theoretical knowledge
and experiences. General knowledge also emerges as a key to how he sees
knowledge. Things categorized as typically necessary knowledge in this organization
is basic chemistry for example. He says that an employee is totally out if he or she
does not understand it. He further elaborates by mentioning that a broad range of
knowledge is needed since the processes have to be streamlined and waist
minimizing. Knowledge in production economy, chemistry and physics are all
necessary. All this knowledge must already be on one’s radar when one starts to
think about innovations and improvements.
Situations where knowledge is shared ranges from regular work to meetings with
colleagues to around the coffee table. Regarding “white collar” employees like
engineers, they learn the practical framework of the mill through regular work. The
thought is that these kind of employees already have the theoretical knowledge. The
engineers are a group of people that sits together quite a lot. One learns quite a lot by
just participating in meetings and quite a lot is exchanged at the coffee table,
according to Anders. He continues by saying that through participation in a project at
a young age and by just listening to what others are saying can one learn a lot. For
example what is important and what is not important. The fact that information is
shared face-to-face appears to be the norm rather than the exception. According to
Anders, the first idea is proposed by talking to another person most of the time.
When an idea is bought may it however be on another level. In that case is material
and presentations shared in order to gain a deeper understanding. Another situation
when knowledge is shared is when somebody is about to go into retirement.
Someone is then recruited, either internally or externally, to work together and learn
from the one who is about to retire. The transaction period may however be as long
as five years.
“Blue collar” workers has a similar way of learning, which is learning by doing.
Anders mentions as an example someone looking to be a master on a certain type of
machine. The knowledge transfer process carries on for many years where the
student follows the master from another position. They are trying to hire people with
the proper theoretical knowledge but it does not always work. Sometimes is this not
possible and they recruit someone who knows their job but want to tasks at work.
48

Vincent Wrede
Anders gives the example of an electrician who wants to run processes but mostly
knows how electricity works. The electrician may find a problem faster in that case
than the person who knows about processes but nothing about electricity.
Regarding the development of knowledge in the organization does Anders mention
that they sometimes look for people with knowledge they expect to be needing in the
future. He says that the knowledge which is already inside the firm can be transferred
and learned by others but that new knowledge has to be taken from somewhere else.
Either through acquisition of from an external source or by developing it in-house.
Then it might be easier to acquire it from the outside. Examples of new external
knowledge are thesis work and new recruits. New people with new knowledge can
come from competitors as well, but at the same time is the company losing people
and knowledge in the other direction too. Obstacles in the generation of new
knowledge through recruitment is that there has to be an open position, much
bureaucracy is involved as well so in the end things stays pretty much the same.
Anders further elaborates on the development of knowledge by saying that it is quite
self-evident that success stories and failures are shared within the firm. Successes can
be copied and failures can be used as examples to learn from.

4.2.2 Interview with Ben
Ben has an educational background in paper making with a minor in industrial
business. He has been with company X for about three decades and has mainly
worked with R&D in various settings. For a few years has strategy and business
development also been under his umbrella. Ben spends most of his time in meetings.
Half of the meetings are internal and the other half is spent with external groups of
interest like technological providers, universities and research institutes. The starting
of research projects is another part of his job description, making sure that the
organization get all they need from a project.
The structure of the company is described as a matrix. They have several different
business areas supported by global support functions like HR. Ben explains the
leadership in the organization as originating from a few key values of the company.
The leadership supports these values and are given quite much freedom. Freedom is

49

Vincent Wrede
implied as trust of the management and that they will do their utmost to find the best
solutions for the company. He also states that the hierarchy is quite low. “So you can
really go and discuss different issues with different organizational levels”, according
to Ben. This two-way communication is furthermore supported fully by the
company. The culture is regarded as innovative and as a key element of the company
which is also seen as a part of the organizational culture. Co-creation and coaching
are also defining terms of the culture, according to Ben. Co-creation and cooperation
are values that extends to external partners as well.
According to Ben, innovation is about commercializing a solution or an idea.
Innovations can occur in different areas. “It doesn’t have to be a product that is then
launched on the market” Ben says. Alternative innovation areas given as examples
are ways of working in investment management and HR processes. He does however
underline that an innovation should be somehow measurable and add value to the
company. The organization are making a few different types of innovations
depending on business area. In more mature areas, like the paper business, are they
focusing more on incremental innovation in the form of cost efficiency or new
business models for example. In business areas with higher growth is the focus more
on finding new products, new features for the products, extending the product
portfolio and the market and so forth. They also have new business initiatives where
innovations in technology, applications and commercial solutions have to be applied
in new settings.
Ben gives an example of innovation in the company by describing the process of
entering a new business area that required solutions not seen in the organization
previously. The first step was to acknowledge that one business area was slowing
down and decreasing in size which needed to be compensated for. Ben says that “…
naturally the company thought that what could be new business areas that could be
built to company in order to compensate the general decrease”. After deciding on a
plausible business area, they consulted external help with knowledge of the area and
the product. A team was then built around the consultant whereupon cooperation
with non-domestic companies were established in order to try out certain
technologies. This did not work and they decided to build their own development
center where investments in pilot facilities were made. Experiments and tests were
50

Vincent Wrede
further conducted in-house. The results from the pilot investments were used as
encouragement to invest in the new business area. Ben further mentions that this is
the innovation pipeline, how one goes from knowing nothing about a business to
launching a product in it. Ben explains the innovation process as “First [you start]
with the externals, then you get the knowledge, then you do more by yourself.
Naturally you have cooperation with external parties all the way the pipeline but…”.
He explains that external cooperation is necessary when they are dealing with an area
that they are not so familiar with. Moreover did this process take, from idea to
product, about eight to nine years to complete.
Like this example showcases is the process often a continuous process of cooperating
with customers. Especially in new business areas and initiatives. “… the earlier you
can go with the applications to the customers and get the feedback the faster you
develop the work will be”, according to Ben. He also mentions that the innovation
process has changed during the past two decades in this fashion. Ben says that “…
you have to do it so that at an early stage already, you’re doing the development
work and the proof of concept and get the customer feedback”. Earlier it was more
about developing in-house until one were really sure about the product. “Then we
had the courage to go to the customer”.
Regarding innovations done internally argues Ben that the knowledge already more
or less exists inside the company if research is needed. External collaboration is
hence not always that necessary. When it comes to new business areas however is
external cooperation important. He further elaborates by mentioning that when they
go into new fields do they not have the knowledge or the competence inside the
company which means that they have to find the partners who they can execute the
collaboration with.
Regarding failure of an innovation project is it important that the leadership explains
why things did not work out and why a project was killed. Important is also to let the
employees know what will happen to them and that they have other things to work
on in those cases a project falls through. According to Ben, some people do react
badly when they hear that a project is closing down but overall he thinks that people

51

Vincent Wrede
in the company understand. He attributes this to criteria that has been set up before
beginning a project that they are following.
External cooperation exists with research institutes, universities, customers and tech
providers. Once again, Ben mentions the correlation between entering new areas and
collaborating with external organizations. He says that in areas where the technology
does not exist are the technology providers necessary to cooperate with. He further
mentions that it is very rare that one would have exclusivity to the technology and
that cooperation with competitors is a possibility. Collaborations with universities are
more long-term programs. He explains that these kind of projects starts from basic
research and moves on to the application before going into the commercialization
phase.
Ben describes knowledge from an organizational point of view. He mentions that
competence and knowledge are related and hence explains knowledge as
competencies existing in the company. The company has knowledge of markets,
customers, technology, raw materials and products and so forth. He further argues
that it is difficult to answer what kind of knowledge they share since it always starts
from a need in the beginning of a project. At the beginning of a project, the employee
evaluates what kind of knowledge that is needed in order to fulfill the task at hand
and which kind of persons who may possess that knowledge.
Ben argues that it is important to share stories from which one can learn. Two key
elements for initiating the sharing of knowledge, according to Ben, are event
meetings and documentation of different learnings and projects so they can be found
through the internal database. The reason why the documentation is an important part
is because people who joins the organization are introduced to the system which
means that they know how to find and share knowledge inside the company. Ben
says that “...the ones who have written or has been leading these kind of initiatives,
of course they are contacted”. The way this works is by assigning each employee
with their own profile where they can put information on what their competencies are
by using specific terms in A HR system. If an employee for example wants to look
for someone who knows about artificial intelligence, they can find her or him in the
internal database. “You can go to the system and see that who are the persons who
52

Vincent Wrede
have put that as one of their capabilities” Ben says. The employee can then connect
with the person and get in touch with them. He mentions that it is important to be
proactive and really go to the system in order to find the correct people with the
correct knowledge, because that is really the only way to find the correct
connections. Regarding meetings are some management meetings where knowledge
is shared and a part comes from subject oriented meetings. That is, meetings where a
certain subject is being discussed where feedback is given and shared. Key ways of
communication are face to face and Skype meetings, according to Ben. He does
however mention that it is important to have meetings face to face when one has a
new team before having more of these Skype meetings. The reason for this is that
people can get a chance to know each other before starting to share knowledge in
ways that are not face to face.
Regarding development of knowledge, Ben says that it is crucial to have a very
diverse group of people with different education inside the company. This is where
the development of knowledge starts from. When it comes to the development of the
employees in the company, they apply a 70/20/10 approach. This means that 70
percent is learned by doing. That is, learning through real work experience. 20
percent is coming through sharing knowledge with colleagues and the last 10 percent
comes through formal training. He thinks that real cases are important for the
development of knowledge in the organization in order to learn from something
concrete that is actually happening in the company. Team meetings are also seen as
an opportunity to exchange knowledge. Ben explains that what has been done correct
and what can be improved upon are collected and documented. This creates the
possibility for others to learn from. For example in the creation of new business
initiatives can people through the database extract knowledge and learn from others.
Another way to go about developing knowledge in the organization is through
business intelligence. Business intelligence can then make studies on what kind of
knowledge that is needed in which area and define it. It is then about what is relevant
for the organization to know. He underlines that it is important to utilize the ability of
the company to an as large extent as possible. The next thought in the process in case
the knowledge cannot be located inside the company is to think about who possible

53

Vincent Wrede
partners may be in order to gain the relevant knowledge. Which are the external
partners that can support the creation of knowledge inside the company.
The development of knowledge can also be tracked back to the “innovation pipeline”
described earlier. Ben says that the feedback from the customers are important during
the creation of products which includes exploring something new and building a new
base of knowledge. The development further extends to the involvement of external
partners. In the context of creating a new sub-organization when entering new
ventures is the transfer of knowledge between the employees important. According
to Ben, there are two important factors that facilitates the knowledge transfer.
Namely size of the group and the variety of people involved.

”I think it comes that when you are having these kind of business initiatives you
have to build an organization so that you have good balance between technology
people and then you have good balance of commercial people and they have to be
in the same organization, because then you make sure that the information that
comes from the customer front is also used in the technology organization.” – Ben,
2019
He means that it is not difficult to share knowledge and information in these kind of
groups when there are only 20 to 30 people involved. Especially compared to larger
organizations where different departments has to be involved as well.
4.2.3 Interview with Christian
Christian is a chemical engineer who has been working with this organization for
about eight years. At the beginning of his time at this company was he leading a
product development team for three years before entering a role at director level in a
technology function. His work revolves mainly around innovation processes and
innovation events, both internally and externally. At this technology function, he also
works with funding, commercialization of patents, partnerships and innovation. To
sum it up has Christians positions in the company had something to do with
innovation in way or another. Regarding what a normal day looks like is he not really
sure if any day looks the same. The days are usually filled up with organizing
innovation events, figuring out challenges for these events, working with suppliers

54

Vincent Wrede
and different partnerships, working with students and taking care of work related to
funding.
Regarding the structure of the company is it built up through multiple business units.
He describes it as a traditional reporting structure. According to Christian, there is
really a barrier between the different units where secrecy agreements are in place.
The units are working quite individually despite there being some cooperation in
between, for example through research which is linked to the other units through the
umbrella corporation. Christian mentions that he is interconnected with all of these
units through for example innovation events which brings the units together. The size
of the company does furthermore lead into silos because of the organizational levels
needed in the company. Christian further elaborates that this may be because of
efficiency programs which has led to cut-downs in the work force which in turn
means that people has less time to innovate and interact with other business units.
The reason for this is that people has their own targets to follow. Despite having had
programs for coaching, collaboration and co-creation is this something that still
requires work, according to Christian. The culture is described as quite hierarchical
but the view of innovation has changed from something in R&D only to something
that is basically everywhere. “I think nowadays people do realize innovation is not
only in R&D, innovation is basically everywhere, and everybody is involved in
innovation” Christian point out.
The leadership is as earlier described quite hierarchical despite changing in recent
times. He explains that “I have seen it change during the years that I have been
here”. He also points out that the top management has acknowledged the importance
of the work lower down in the organization. The reason why this has been important
is that it motivates employees which further means that they enjoy their work more.
According to Christian, an innovation can be an idea, a concept, a process, a service
or a product that is commercialized. “There has to be benefit coming out of it”
Christian explains. New revenue streams, improved processes, decreased cost or a
new product line are further added as examples of what an innovation may be. The
company is focusing on innovation in the areas of finding new business opportunities
and resource efficiency. Circular economy has been a part of the forest industry for a
long time already. These types of innovations have been about closing systems in the
55

Vincent Wrede
production and also something as simple as paper recycling. The closing of the
systems are not ideal yet but plans are already in action to achieve it. Much thought
is also given during the development of new processes and products to be sustainable
throughout their lifecycle. Along the lines of circular economy does this mean that
the new products and processes will use as little water and energy as possible while
at the same time thinking about how it can be reused or recycled as a raw material.
Christian says that the emphasis on environmental issues has become one of the key
aspects. “... the economics and the environment work hand in hand, it serves both”.
He explains one of their recent innovations as coming alive through a 10 year long
process involving external partners. This time frame is quite typical, according to
Christian. The process started with three different projects trying to achieve the same
product. A couple of years before realizing the innovation were two of the projects
terminated as they got to the point where they could make a decision. Between these
different projects with the same goal was a tight secrecy agreement in existence. The
reasons for this was that it created differences in the outcome, speed and the fact that
the external partners were competitors. Christian points out that they hired, both
internally and externally, more people to the different projects with various skills
since they need different competences throughout the process. The initial spark of the
idea came through various steps. It started with a mandate from the top management
to start looking for new opportunities. “Then the team did couple of years of scouting
and looking for technologies, studying the market, looking at what we could do, what
we should do, what would be available” Christian says. The possibilities were thus
explored and initiated in this manner. They usually bring up a couple of initiatives
from the scouting process until deciding which ones are more important and further
made into projects. He further states that the organization does similar scouting all
the time but not at the depicted scale at the moment since there are previous projects
waiting for investment decisions.
Christian explains that issues regarding innovation currently revolves around the
innovation culture and general attitude towards it. He says that a positive attitude
towards innovation is needed and that people often do not want to get involved in
these kind of initiatives. The reason for this is that it usually means extra work for the
employees which he says also affects people who otherwise enjoys bringing ideas to

56

Vincent Wrede
the table. Christian says that a coworker told him during an innovation event that
“oh, it was so nice to come here and work and innovate for two days for somebody
else, and when I go back to my office I know it is not going to be on my desk as a to
do list”. Resources besides money does also come across as important, e.g. time.
According to Christian, free time is an important resource in that sense that if a
person is only working on a project do they not have time to think about
improvements. Engagement from the top management is also seen as important as
they are the base source of incentives and motivation. He says that all of these issues
boils down to the lack of a structure for innovation which is based on solving the
above mentioned problems. “It’s the result of the structure and this atmosphere and
attitude towards innovation”. He gives an example of where there were a structure in
place regarding a previous program. The program was about commercial innovation
where the company employed a method where they collected people from different
functions such as marketing, sales and so forth. This enabled these people with
various skills to work together and to think about how to improve the sales processes.
According to Christian, this was really efficient since people were allowed to talk,
work and share experiences. They are currently working on improving the innovation
culture and the structure of innovation through these innovation events and boot
camps for example. “... this boot camp that I’m running is a part of this kind of a
structure so working that we get people to innovate”.
Ways of thinking about innovation are currently changing. Regarding how failure of
an innovation is received have the mantra from one of the executives been rephrased
from “fail fast” to “validate quickly” which, according to Christian, means that a
failed innovation is not necessarily seen as a failure. The idea is to not spend too
much time on a project that is not following a set out target, instead it is better to
abandon a process if it does not work. The approach to innovation is also slowly
changing. Christian explains that they have much more external contact nowadays.
This comes as part of a changed policy. This can be seen in for example emerging
technologies and so on.
Regarding the transfer of knowledge is it not an easy task to accomplish, according
to Christian. He says that for example when a researcher changes teams from one
project to another is it not always that easy to transfer the knowledge from the team
57

Vincent Wrede
to the researcher. Moreover, they did for example have a big program a few years
back where the objective was to retrain researchers from one area of competence to
another. Christian says that “If you are a pulp engineer and you should become a...
work on biochemicals, it’s not that easy”.

4.2.4. Interview with Daniela
Daniela works within research and leads a global team within R&D. The team of
seven people is focused on developing the research and development efficiency in
the company. More accurately, they are involved in new product development
processes, technical customer service processes and different process laboratorial
processes. The team is also involved in resourcing of new projects and collaborations
with universities, institutes and suppliers. She also acts as a contact person for the
R&D. Daniela has studied chemical engineering and has for a few years now been
working with R&D. She came to this organization 20 years ago after working a few
years as an assistant at a university where she did some research and at a university
of applied sciences. She says that every work day changes and that none looks the
same. The days are however usually filled up with portfolio management, work with
project managers in order to get projects to move forward or meetings with external
partners.
The company she is working for is active in the pulp and paper industry and a few
other segments. It is a large international company with many activities placed
outside of Finland with several thousand employees. The organization is structured
as a matrix organization with different business units supported by functions like HR,
financials, R&D and communications.
She regards the collaboration inside the company as quite good as they have an open
culture despite being a very Finnish company in the sense that things are done quite
systematically with many processes. Daniela thinks that things are different
compared to when she started 20 years ago and that the leadership culture is more
open nowadays. People can always get advice and have their say in different matters.
“I would say so because it’s easy to communicate with people” she explains. There is
still some hierarchy on the one hand, but on the other hand does she also think that
58

Vincent Wrede
the leadership is more caring of people and open for discussion. She says that “Of
course there is decision kind of making, that ability we have, that ability we also
have, but not this kind of management by fear”. They want to develop people leaders
especially which tells a bit about what kind of leadership they are trying to develop
in the organization. She describes the organizational culture as more open and
discussing nowadays with an emphasis on risk mitigation regarding people and
safety. Daniela argues that a shift towards a more open and discussing culture started
from the CEO of the company. This has meant that the culture is softer while still
keeping to ability to make difficult decisions, according to Daniela. Their way of
dealing with failed attempts at innovations does also reflect their culture, according
to Daniela. She says that failure is accepted and that they do not blame the project
manager or anyone else. “Nobody is blamed, let’s say so”.
Daniela sees innovation as the creation of something new, identification of
opportunities or processes. She concludes that innovation is about something that is
new. The organization she is working for are doing innovations in the form of
product solutions, digitalization and process control, improvement of processes and
products. An example of process control innovation that have been done would be
the monitoring of pulp and paper mills off location through sensors and information
systems. Predictive analyzing is another type of innovation the company is working
on at the moment. The aim is to use data in order to anticipate future problems. Areas
that drives their innovation are also different megatrends in people’s behavior, for
example increased e-commerce and environmental concerns. Regarding e-commerce
are the innovations about how to reduce the weight and size of packaging materials
and environmental concerns shifts towards consumers being more aware of which
chemicals are used in different products Daniela argues. She underlines that her team
focuses on research in technical areas and that it has to have relevance to the business
and have potential. “So it’s not just this kind of basic research we want to do and
need to so it must have relevance in business”, according to Daniela.
She says that many of the innovations are based on a certain need from the market.
For example through collaboration with customers where the customer has a problem
that has to be solved or in collaboration with a university. She gives the following as
an example of how one of their innovations regarding a product came to life. The
59

Vincent Wrede
process started by putting together a proposal, which follows a certain format. Things
to think about regarding the proposal are; what the customer need is, what the
business potential is, what the background is, how long it approximately will take
and what the target is. Other important factors to take into consideration are
competences, resources and stakeholders. At this stage is thus the partners defined
and who to collaborate with, both internal and external partners. After taking all
these factors into consideration and moving onto the next phase they make a
sustainability review where impact on environment, energy raw material etc. is
checked. Daniela says that “So this is how it came up. Based on the need. Put
together the idea, then all the ideas are reviewed”. Typically they start in the lab after
being approved by the management. The time spent in the lab can be months,
sometimes even years. They then have a “recipe”, according to Daniela. The recipe is
then implemented at a pilot scale or at full scale and tested at the customer to see if
any fine tuning is needed. If there is no need for modifications then the innovation is
commercialized and the project starts to come to an end.
Furthermore on external partners, the company has a long history of collaboration
with universities and research institutes. Their collaboration extends all the way to
suppliers and even competitors to some degree. Collaboration with competitors is
however fairly limited to a certain code of conduct. Control projects are an example
of co-operation with competitors. The code of conduct is however evident and people
know how to behave and what kind of information to share and not to share. They
also participate in the same conferences and so on Daniela explains.
A collaboration with a university for example can start with a project proposal from
the university. Daniela says that “… they might come up with some project
proposals”. The same goes for research institutes. She says that if the company thinks
the proposals are good ideas will they participate. These proposals also serves as a
source of ideas for potential innovations. Another source of innovations are
customers. In a situation where a customer is the source of an idea is it mostly in the
form of a need. For example regulatory or environmental needs that the customer
needs a solution for. An idea from a customer can for instance spawn from a visit at
the customer. A contemporary need in the pulp and paper industry in regards of the
environment is for instance the need to reduce the use of plastic and water. Some
60

Vincent Wrede
customers are also involved in the development of an innovation by being the first
one to try the innovation, according to Daniela. Other times they want to know the
references. They have also recently started to work with hackathons in an attempt to
further explore ways of working in an open innovation kind of fashion.
In the process of making an innovation or a project, the company makes use of a
project management system. Daniela explains that at the end of each innovation
attempt, regardless if it is a successful project or a failed project, is the project
audited and uploaded into the project management system. There they can find all
the documentation and time schedules related to a project. As a result of a thorough
reviewing and evaluation process are there less projects to stop which in Daniela’s
opinion creates a more positive culture towards bringing up new ideas. She further
elaborates by mentioning that people know why they need to do these reports of the
projects which further enhances the motivation to do the reports. The objective of
this data base is to learn from mistakes and earlier projects and also to see if
something is done previously in the same area.
They have a few different ways of utilizing the system. One is to see if something
has been tested previously in the same area. Daniela gives an example where an
employee had an idea for a project. The employee checked the system and found out
that a similar project was currently being developed. The employee could then be
transferred and help out on the ongoing project. Another way of using the system is
to use previous projects in order to facilitate the construction of new projects. Once
every quarter does a larger team with different competences go through the findings,
both lessons learnt and positive things. They then have a discussion together with
resource managers where after they decide what to do with the findings. Everyone in
the company does not have access to all information in the data base. But they can
get access to a specific part after a review of who they are and so forth. The
accessibility is mainly split up in departments and the access of an employee is
determined based on this.
While talking about knowledge and what it is does she say that skills needed in her
department is mostly related to chemistry, e.g. one needs a degree in chemical
engineering or similar. They have one person in her team who does not have a
61

Vincent Wrede
background in chemical engineering, but this person does instead have much
knowledge about innovation processes and similar.
Ways they share knowledge through are, as earlier mentioned, the project
management system, portfolio presentations, calls and meetings. They also use
different types of intranet methods in order to share information. Daniela is for
example mentioning that they have one type of share point where they can
communicate different trials of a project. Regarding meetings, they have global
technology meetings where they share information about new products, development
and the business and so on. People are also changing position which contributes to
the sharing of knowledge. “Many from R&D have left (for some other department)
and are now in the business position” Daniela says. She says that it is common for
people to go from R&D to business positions but that it rare that people go the
opposite way.
Regarding the development of knowledge they, among other things, make
competence plans in order to know what kind of knowledge they need. Daniela says
that they try to identify their best competences. This may be done on the R&D level
in in the organization in order to understand what they are good at and thus what they
can master and be the best at. Then a development plan is made up on how to
increase the core competences by identifying the gaps in the competences. According
to Daniela, her team organizes events where best practices are shared inside the
organization. All project managers who are interested can participate. They also use
the previously mentioned project management system in order to leverage the
development of knowledge. This is for instance done by reviewing projects that have
already been made during the proposal of a new one. This in turn makes a person
involved in the review process remember that they have worked on a similar project
before and with which person. Daniela says that someone can come to the conclusion
that “this was done in my sales area 12 years ago and this was the person” during this
process. She says that quite a lot is based on the people one knows in that way since
it enables further collaboration.
If the desired knowledge does not exist internally then one of the alternatives is to
make a study if possible, either internal or external. External partners may in this
62

Vincent Wrede
case be the likes of universities or research institutes. Another approach is open
innovation. Daniela says that this is an approach which they have not tested to a
larger extent yet. Open innovation is, according to Daniela, done through for instance
hackathons. Situations where the company puts out a challenge to the public. Before
involving external partners, either through challenges or through research institutes,
the company usually starts by scanning the project management system and the
reviews.

4.2.5 Erik
Erik has a master’s degree in chemical engineering and has worked within the forest
industry for a couple of decades now. His career within the industry has been
international to a large degree until he settled down in Finland where he still works.
Erik has furthermore been working with business development and sales. Budgeting
and product development is also part of his job description. He describes a normal
day at work as being filled with meetings with customers, creating reports after
meetings with customers, creating offers to the customers and so forth.
The structure of the company can be described as a matrix. They have divisions for
their different lines of services and products as well as country specific divisions
which makes up the matrix organization. In that sense each country has a CEO, but
Erik says that the title of the CEO is only a title and that the country CEO does not
have any power. According to Erik, this is the result of a strong corporate leader in
the organizations CEO. He points out that the structure of the organization thus is a
bit complex and “fuzzy” since it is difficult to know who makes the final decision.
The leadership is described as very strong at the top of the hierarchy as a result of the
CEO of organization. The middle-management, according to Erik, is thus more
indecisive and tend to avoid risks on the one hand, but on the other hand the
leadership accepts mistakes and do not necessarily need to find a scapegoat.
The organizational culture in Finland is a bit more open compared to other parts of
the world where the organization is active, according to Erik. He does however point
63

Vincent Wrede
out that there are domestic differences in the culture as well and that some areas of
operation are less open than others. He attributes this difference to the way the
company has been formed through mergers and acquisitions. Areas of operation has
then, to a large extent, adopted the culture that has been in the acquired company.
Largely due to people staying in the organization after the acquisitions which has
then caught on. All in all, the culture is however quite conservative and bureaucratic,
according to Erik. He further elaborates that it is not uncommon that one regrets what
one has said and that the company is focused on different key performance
indicators. These in turn can vary from year to year, according to Erik.
According to Erik, an innovation is something that has not been done before or
something old that is applied in a new setting. He says that the innovations they are
doing are largely based on the needs of the customers, largely in the form of
innovations that make it easier for them to know what they are doing. The
innovations they are working with are for example within “the internet of things” and
how to automate different processes. The innovations then revolve around a lot of
data analysis and so forth, according to Erik.
In the process of making an innovation, Erik says that it is often the customer that
has the idea. He also points out that they have used people from entirely different
areas in order to gain a different perspective on how to solve a problem or a wish
from the customer and that the network thus is important. He says that people from
different industries has knowledge that is unavailable in their own organization.
An example that shines light on the use of external partners and knowledge in the
organization is when they installed sensors in a certain type of machine and managed
to improve the way of getting real life information about the process. When the
sensor gives a certain value, the person knows that a certain action has to be taken.
This enabled the buyer to run the machine more efficiently, allowing them to
optimize the machine and save money. This innovation began from collaboration
with a person from another industry where they managed to gain necessary
knowledge. The next and final step of the project was to run pilot tests before the
innovation was ready for commercialization.

64

Vincent Wrede
Erik does however underline that the use of external knowledge and people should be
utilized to a larger extent than it is currently, even though it is used in quite many
innovations. The reason for this, he argues, is that his organization does not know
enough about a certain technology, or have the correct competences. Erik says that
many innovations started from these kind of collaborations. He argues that they often
have the vision and the idea but that they are unable to execute it on their own and
that they need someone to realize the ideas. Regarding the initial creation of an idea,
Erik says that they have a system in place where employees can post their own ideas.
According to Erik, the system does however not work so well at the moment. He
explains that the system used to work well when it was launched but that the activity
has gone down with time. It has to be revitalized, according to Erik. Feedback of
earlier projects done is another process the organization uses, according to Erik. He
says that they have mapped all their technical innovations in order to evaluate them.
This is done in order to understand which ideas are good, and which innovations to
proceed with.
Limiting factors arising from external collaborations are intellectual property rights
and the “not invented here” syndrome, according to Erik. IP-rights have become
more accurate and there is a mentality in the organization that it is not pure
cooperation if there is a patent that they are working through Erik further explains.
Erik elaborates that the leadership higher up in the organization thinks that
everything should be developed and made in-house. When it comes to smaller
organizations that take part in collaboration the situation a bit different. According to
Erik, it can be seen as a “win-win” situation in the sense that the collaborating
organization gets global access while Erik’s organization receives technical
knowledge and competences. A quite common procedure during a collaboration like
this is that the company Erik is working in brings up the idea and has the commercial
knowledge while the other company has the technical knowledge. Another limiting
factor brought up by Erik throughout the interview is the attitude among the
employees. He mentions that people are afraid of using for example the above
mentioned systems to contribute with the flow of ideas since they think that their
ideas may not be good enough. According to Erik, there are too many people who
keep on doing what has already been done previously since it is easier. Even people

65

Vincent Wrede
who are keen on coming up with ideas do not often want to proceed since it means
extra work for them, Erik explains.
The type of knowledge that is shared is mostly technical. Erik says, that the
knowledge that they work with is comprised of some kind of result or some kind of
quality data. Data that can be measured. Most of the knowledge does however exist
in the form of tacit knowledge, according to Erik. He says, that much of the
knowledge that is shared simply has to be explained in order to be understood by the
receiver. He further explains that the personal connection is very important in that
sense since one tend to be fairly selective regarding who the knowledge is shared
with.
Knowledge is shared through various means. Erik explains that they for instance has
different systems that can be used to transfer knowledge between employees but that
these are not working sufficiently. He says that people’s knowledge still is locked up
on people’s personal workings computers which means that the knowledge is
unreachable in situations when a coworker is sick for example. Face to face seems
like the means of communication and when knowledge transfer works the best,
according to Erik. Some knowledge is shared at the coffee table for instance but as
earlier touched upon, these informal face to face interactions are the best way for
transferring knowledge. Erik does however point out that the likes of Skype and
Lync works well once a personal connection between two people has been
established face to face. Another way of sharing knowledge that Erik thinks works
particularly well regarding the transfer of technical knowledge is a book where easy
to grab descriptions of different machines are depicted. According to Erik, this
comes in handy for those who are of the younger generation or if someone is not
working in a particular field. It is a good way to get up to speed after a meeting for
instance, Erik argues.
Regarding the development of knowledge in the organization does there not seem to
be a proper structure in place. Erik explains that people learn by doing and that the
organization receives much information through their customers which adds to their
reservoir of knowledge. He further says that when they are out at the customers there
is always something that has to be corrected and so on which helps the employees to
66

Vincent Wrede
develop their knowledge. He says that they also are trying to make reports, but this
does not seem to be working. A reason why this attempt at retrieving information
does not work is that they, according to Erik, should have a place to gather the
reports which they currently do not have. Furthermore, Erik mentions that something
that works well within his group is that he can ask other people regarding different
problems. He says that if he encounters an issue, he is able to ask a specific person
for consultation regarding the problem. According to Erik, this is however dependent
on if one has a good personal network within the group since one cannot find people
on their own through some kind of system.

4.3 Conclusion
In this chapter, the collected empirical data has been reviewed. The chapter has
presented a short description of the organizations where the informants are
employed. In this chapter, the empirical data has been presented systematically
where the informants’ views and thoughts on innovation and knowledge transfer in
their respective company has been presented. The presented empirical data and the
theoretical data presented in the previous chapter will form the material needed for
the analysis in the following chapter.

67

Vincent Wrede

5. Analysis
This chapter will start with a short analysis of the empirical data where differences
and similarities between the informants will be discussed. This part of the analysis
will focus on how innovations occur and the processes that revolves around the
creation of innovations. This part of the analysis will also evaluate how knowledge is
shared and in which type of context and situations. Following this, an analysis about
knowledge transfer will take place followed by an analysis of innovation where the
theoretical framework in chapter two will set the basis of the comparison.

5.1 Empirical analysis
5.1.1 Analysis of knowledge transfer in the companies

In order to understand the implications that knowledge transfer has on innovation it
is necessary to gain an understanding of how knowledge is shared and in which
context. The reason for this is that once an understanding of the knowledge transfer
has been established is a deeper insight regarding the relationship between theory
and empiricism created.
5.1.1.1 Tacit knowledge

68

Vincent Wrede
As can be seen from the interviews, tacit knowledge is predominantly shared face to
face. Social interactions can be the likes of coffee breaks, meetings and learning by
doing. Social interactions seem to be important factors, according to all informants.
This is corroborated by Anders for instance who explains that quite a lot of the
information is exchanged at the coffee table and by participating in projects. Ben
again says that event meetings are one of the most important factors when it comes to
the sharing of knowledge. The kind of knowledge that is shared in these kinds of
circumstances are mostly of tacit nature. Erik, for instance, explains that there is
much knowledge that has to be shared through physical interaction, he explicitly
points out that there is much tacit knowledge that is shared and that this is dependent
on personal relationships. Anders further mentions that the transfer of experiences is
most commonly done face-to-face. This seems to be the case with Daniela as well
who points out that quite a lot further development of an innovation is based on who
one knows. The informants have in common that they use various information
systems such as Skype for business and some sort of intranet in order to share
knowledge. The use of Skype and similar information systems is something that has
brought the world closer together, according to all informants. Noted is also that it is
important to have met with the people one is using Skype etc. with previously. The
use of an intranet does however seem to work with various success in the different
organizations since it is actively utilized in some organizations and less in others.
With this being said it does also seem like the information received from the intranet
can be viewed as tacit as well as explicit. This is corroborated by Daniela who
mentions that people use their project management system in order to gain ideas and
to see what has been done previously on the one hand. Ben on the other hand says
that people found through the intranet are contacted and further knowledge exchange
can thus commence. The information received through this intranet is thus
internalized in the moment it sparks an idea or can be indirectly utilized by the user.

5.1.1.2 Explicit knowledge

Information and explicit knowledge however is seemingly shared mostly through an
internal database. Ben, Christian and Daniela all seem to thrive in their use of an

69

Vincent Wrede
internal database while the use of an internal database seems close to non-existent at
the companies Anders and Erik work for. Ben, Christian and Daniela all mention that
they use this information system in order to share learnings from previous projects
and in order to get in contact with people who has knowledge that they need. Ben
says that the employees go through an introduction to the system when they join the
organization. He also says that one has to be proactive in the use of the system. This
can be compared to Erik whose organization has an intranet that is poorly utilized.
Erik mentioned as well that they do not have an introduction to the system. This may
thus explain the underutilized intranet at Erik’s workplace to some extent.

5.1.2 Analysis of culture and leadership

The structures of the organizations are fairly similar to each other. For instance, Ben,
Christian, Daniela and Erik describes their respective company’s structures as
matrixes. Christian and Erik both mentions that this kind of structure leads into silos
which makes the transfer of knowledge more difficult. An intriguing question is then
whether it is the size of the organizations or the structure that makes it difficult to
share knowledge across the organization. On the other hand, Christian also mentions
that there are strict secrecy agreements between the different units which may
explain the lack of cooperation between the silos. He also says that people in an
organization as large as this one has many individual targets to follow which may
keep them from sharing knowledge due to a lack of time.
The culture in the organizations share similar traits between each other. There is in
general a negative attitude towards innovations and towards starting on a new project
with an unclear outcome. This is illuminated by Anders for instance who says that
people are more inclined to say no to a new idea since it creates more work for
themselves. Christian further mentions that people like to innovate and breed new
ideas but that the workload that follows is what keeps them from being too positive
about innovation. Regarding the openness of the culture and the level of hierarchy,
we also find similar traits in the companies. Most of the informants says that their
cultures have become better throughout their career but that there are still things to
70

Vincent Wrede
improve. This correlates a lot with the leadership and their view of openness,
according to some of the informants. For instance it does appear as many of the
changes that can be seen regarding openness originates from the CEO or the top
management. This is corroborated by Daniela who says that the shift to an open
culture started from the CEO on the one hand. Christian on the other hand mentions
that the view on innovation has changed as the top management has acknowledge the
work of people further down in the company. The leadership is further described as
more accepting of failure nowadays and even as understanding that it is a part of the
innovation process.
Other traits of culture that are expressed by the informants are trust, systematical
thinking and innovation. Both Daniela and Anders describe the company culture as
Finnish. By Finnish, Daniela means that the culture is very systematic and that there
are many processes involved while Anders means that there is a lot of trust in the
leaders at different levels in the organization.
5.1.3 Analysis of innovation

Regarding innovation at the different companies, most of them have rigid processes
in place in order to facilitate innovation. As noted in the empirical chapter, they may
however look fairly different. Things they have in common are that they build on
earlier knowledge retrieved earlier attempts. For instance, Anders says that they used
previous inventions in order to create an innovation while Daniela mentions that they
make use of a project management system filled with ideas and Christian mentions
that earlier developed knowledge was crucial in one of their innovations.
5.1.3.1 Innovation processes
The process of coming up with an innovation from scratch in the companies has both
similarities and differences. They all seem to have some kind of structure in place to
bring innovations to life, although some more than others. What these organizations
seemingly all share in the process of creating an innovation is that they start by
looking at what kind of resources they have within the organization and what is
sensible to further invest in. Furthermore, these organizations do to a various degree
make use of intranets and so forth in order to see what can be learned from previous

71

Vincent Wrede
projects and also if the idea has been executed before. Other things they take into
consideration is what kind of partners that should be involved, whether they be
external or internal. The partners are as earlier pointed out required in order to gain
the correct knowledge involved in the project, most of the time seemingly in the form
of technical competences but also in order to gain deeper insight into a new market
for instance. From there the informants says that they usually go into the laboratory
and start developing the innovation before running pilot tests.
The pilot tests are either run in a lab or at a customer who is willing to be the first
one to try. It depends a bit on the innovation. During the pilot run in some
organizations or throughout the project, they furthermore involve the user or other
external help in order to refine the product. Depending on how successful the pilots
are they either fine tune the innovation or commercialize them.
Some differences among the companies interviewed can be found in the degree of
structure in the innovation process. For instance, Daniela’s organization does stand
out as having a particularly structured process for innovation as they have several
steps that have to be approved and evaluated before moving on to the next step. This
can be compared to Erik’s response where he points out that they try out new things
here and there. However, is it likely that structured processes exist at all companies
as Anders for instance points out that the investments are usually quite large which
means that one has to be thorough in their evaluation of an idea. As can be seen in
the empirical data, this is also dependent on the innovation and required resources.
How ideas are brought up in the organizations is also worth discussing. As can be
seen in the responses from the informants, a fair share of the ideas are brought up by
the customers. Other sources of ideas may come from universities when someone is
writing a master’s thesis for instance or as a result of a strategic decision where the
company has to be innovative in order to extend their business. The last source of
innovation explicitly noted was curious people. This can be drawn from Anders and
Christian for instance who say that curios people are motivated to solve problems
often come up with great ideas which further can be made into innovations.

72

Vincent Wrede
5.1.3.2 Use of external partners
The use of external collaborators in their innovation attempts do also share similar
traits among the organizations. For instance collaboration with universities is fairly
common when it comes to building knowledge from the basics and in order to gain
another perspective. This approach may also be used to create ideas that may
eventually turn into innovations, according to Daniela. Collaborations with
customers was also evident in many of the companies. All of the respondents expect
Anders mentions that the customers play an important role in generating an idea.
According to Daniela, they often for example have some kind of need which they in
turn can fill. Other respondents say that customers are used in order to refine a
product throughout the creation process. For example, by being the first ones to use
the product or being asked for input.
The use of external partners further extends to retrieving and developing the
knowledge inside the organization during a new project or idea. For instance Erik
mentions that they often use external collaborators in order to gain the technical
competences that they lack. Christian says that they use external consulting when
they go into a market where they do not have experience. This in turn helps them in
their product development phase since they get technical knowledge that they do not
have. Some of these companies has also experimented with so called hackathons
where they try to use an explicitly open innovation approach. For example, Daniela
says that they have tried this approach to further explore ways of working with open
innovation.

5.2 Analysis of knowledge transfer
In the following part, the empirical data will be analyzed against the theoretical data
presented in chapter two. The analysis will start by systematically go through the
data on knowledge transfer and the sub data where after it will move on to a
systematical analysis of the theoretical data on innovation and its subcomponents.
5.2.1 Knowledge transfer
First of all can we look at whether the organizations participating in this study can be
regarded as knowledge based organizations or not. According to Nordenflycht

73

Vincent Wrede
(2010),

a knowledge based organization is dependent on complex knowledge. As

can be seen based on the informants does this also seem to be the case. For instance
does Anders say that the ones that is working with him is expected to have
theoretical knowledge in chemistry and physics while Daniela explains that
everybody but one in her team has a background in chemical engineering. Similar
levels of educational background is found among the other informants answers. Zack
(2003) furthermore mentions that two important tasks in the knowledge based
organization is to create new knowledge and to apply existing knowledge. All of
these organizations seems to be creating new knowledge in one way or another. For
instance do many of them create their own studies, either through university
collaboration or in-house or both. For instance, Christian mentions that they have the
ability to make studies internally while they at the same time are collaborating with
universities and other external partners in order to further build their knowledge base
on the one hand. On the other hand can it be argued that the products these firms
produce (timber, plywood and paper etc.) can be regarded as fairly simplistic. Zack
(2003) does however point out that it is not what the organization does or what it
produces that defines the degree of knowledge that is integrated in the organization.
5.2.2 Factors affecting transfer of knowledge
Regarding factors affecting the transfer of knowledge is there like earlier mentioned
a lot to take into consideration. To begin with is culture a common theme in the
literature on knowledge transfer. Davenport and Prusak (1998) mentions that a
beneficial culture in regards to knowledge transfer is created by having incentives
and rewards that encourages the sharing of knowledge. Compared to the empiricism
does it not appear as if the companies involved in this study has any incentives or
rewards in place that encourages the sharing of knowledge. What however seems to
be improving the transfer of knowledge is to have clear set expectations of what is
required from a proposal and to make sure why reports has to be done. This is
corroborated by Daniela and Ben who both mentions that the expectations of a
proposal for an idea is well understood by employees which makes them understand
why a project or proposal is shut down.
It is further mentioned by Davenport and Prusak (1998) that it is important that
management acts by example and explains the importance of sharing knowledge.
74

Vincent Wrede
This is somewhat true in the companies interviewed. For instance does Daniela
mention that the shift to a more open culture started from the CEO while Ben argues
that it is possible to discuss with people at different levels as this is fully supported
by the top management. This supports the factors Davenport and Prusak (1998) says
are of importance when it comes to the sharing of knowledge since Daniela and Ben
mentions the impact leadership has on knowledge transfer. Christian, however, says
that they have had programs for collaboration and so forth but that they still require
work. This in turn may imply that it is important that leadership initiated practices
are thoroughly implemented and followed up.
The opportunity to socialize is further discussed by Hislop (2013) who says that by
providing different forums for people can social interactions be created. Earl (2001)
additionally says that spatial design and social constructs can prevent people from
interacting with each other and thus their sharing of knowledge as well. Different
forums for transferring knowledge can be seen in the intranets, meetings and
portfolio presentations. As have been seen does intranets seem to be working with
various levels of success while meetings and presentations can be viewed as fairly
standard ways of sharing knowledge. What stands out as a way of interacting with
each other successfully is when the interaction is done face to face before moving on
to any other type of forum. For example both Ben and Erik says that key to
communication is meet one another in a physical form. The informants did not talk
about different forums explicitly which makes it difficult to analyze.
The respondents do not say much about the spatial design either but regarding social
interactions and constructs is it noted that some informants have the view that the
companies are so large that it leads into silos while some do not. For instance,
Christian mentions that the size of the company he works for is so large that it is
resulting in silos and that people have little contact with people in other parts of the
organization. The same does however not go for Anders who have a good connection
with his colleagues throughout the organization. Anders further explains that he
meets people from other mills on a regular basis in order to catch up and get to know
what is going on in other parts of the organization. Also Erik says that his
connections throughout the company are good but that many of them are based on
personal engagement.
75

Vincent Wrede

5.2.3 The dynamic capabilities driven model
5.2.3.1 Relational social capital
The first thing to be analyzed in the dynamic capabilities driven model is the internal
environment and the relational dimension of social capital. The relational dimension
is about personal relationships based on trust and respect which in turn increases the
motivation to share knowledge (Gooderham, Grøgaard & Nordhaug, 2007). This is
corroborated by Erik who has good personal relationships with other people in the
organization, the same goes for Anders. Erik for example further explains that he in
one instance had a very frequent exchange of knowledge with a person positioned in
another part of the world and that they were able to communicate so well because
they previously had met. Also Ben mentions that an initial contact face to face is
important in order to establish a connection. What it further may depend on is not
evident however but one could hypothesize that it is a question of establishing trust.
5.2.3.2 Cognitive social capital
The next step in Gooderham’s (2007) model is the cognitive dimension of social
capital. This dimension is about having a shared view of the world, a shared
language and shared interpretations which in turn stimulates trust and thus the
transfer of knowledge (Gooderham, 2007). According to Anders, the culture at the
mill he is working at is one of trust in the management. Furthermore are the
employees at the mill Anders is working at Finnish which implies that they have a
shared understanding of the world. If we go outside the mill, however, Anders says
that the culture changes as managers from outside of Finland increases in relation to
Finnish managers. Despite this does Anders say that he has a good relationship with
them. The same goes for Erik. Is it thus possible to argue that a shared language and
a shared interpretation of the world enhances the transfer of knowledge? Intuitively
does it certainly seem like it would. However, this is not supported by Erik’s and
Ander’s answers since they seemingly have good relationships with people outside of
Finland and that their transfer of knowledge is working well despite not sharing a
language or a world view. However can it be argued that based on the empirical data
is it difficult to determine whether there is a shared world view or not.

76

Vincent Wrede
5.2.3.4 Structural social capital
Furthermore about the internal environment is structural social capital the last
dimension regarding social capital. This dimension is about whether ties between
different units in an organization exists and how they are configured (Gooderham,
2007). According to Anders, he has regular meetings with colleagues from other
parts of the world on the one hand. Erik on the other hand does have non regular
meetings with people from other parts of the world. They are however based on
personal relations which implies that the structure is missing. As Christian mentions,
the communication between different units is lacking a bit which implies that the
structural social capital is nonexistent or vague. Seeing how Christian further thinks
that the transfer of knowledge between different units are bad further supports the
theory that structural social capital is important for relational social capital.
Management initiated practices does in turn affect the transfer of knowledge
indirectly. Transmission channels are about having formal mechanisms in place in
order for subsidiaries to get in contact with each other. As seen regarding structural
social capital is the situation quite similar regarding transmission channels. However
can it be noted that Daniela acts as a liaison for the organization and does connect
different subsidiaries with others. Also Christian mentions that he organizes different
events where people from other parts of the organization can join. It is however not
evident if these people come from all around the world or only from Finland. This is
however not apparent in most of the organization which means that it is uncertain if
this is the case in the Finnish forest industry and what kind of implications it has on
the transfer of knowledge.
The next management initiated practice is about socialization mechanisms which
affects the cognitive social capital dimension. This dimension is about supporting the
transfer of knowledge by limiting prejudices referring to economic, cultural or
educational background (Gooderham, 2007). This can be done through schooling for
instance and by being aware of differences among employees (Gooderham, 2007).
As can be seen by reviewing the empirical data do the informants not say anything
about socialization processes focusing on the above mentioned dilemma which

77

Vincent Wrede
makes it difficult to analyze since it would result in subjective opinion by the writer
of the thesis.
The final management initiated practice in the model is about motivational
mechanisms. This practice involves tangible incentives to enhance the integration
and transfer of knowledge (Gooderham, 2007). As earlier noted in the analysis does
it not appear as if there are incentives to share knowledge on the one hand. On the
other hand, employees seem to be motivated by the knowledge of why things are
done which motivates them to share what they know, according to Daniela. Then
again, these incentives are not tangible. Furthermore, it can be seen from the
empirical data that the informants talks about motivational mechanisms, but none of
them are referring to the transfer of knowledge or ideas with a tangible incentive.
Next to be analyzed are the external factors that affects the transfer of knowledge
which are to be seen as rather fixed, according to Gooderham (2007). Regarding
external dimensions that has implications on the transfer of knowledge in a
multinational company is the first one that will be analyzed the physical distance
dimension. This dimension is about how the spatial distance affects the structural
social capital since a larger spatial distance is costly and time consuming
(Gooderham, 2007). Since this theory was developed before the year 2007 is it not a
far stretch to imagine that things have changed. As can be seen from the empirical
data do many of the informants think that Skype and improved information systems
has improved the communication with other parts of the organization. For instance
Erik and Ben says that Skype has been a good way of transferring knowledge as long
as they have gotten a chance to know the other person previously. As we can see
does it support that the spatial distances has shrunk as result of the improved
technology and does not corroborate the theory.
Cultural distance is the next external aspect to be analyzed. Cultural distance is about
shared interpretations and a shared language (Gooderham, 2007). As can be seen
from Erik for example does the differences in culture vary quite a lot between
different parts of the organization when comparing how the culture is open in some
parts and more closed in other parts. This statement by Erik supports the notion that

78

Vincent Wrede
cultural distance affects the cognitive social capital since it leads to less shared
knowledge because of a lack of similar culture.
The final external aspect of the model is about economic and educational distance.
According to Gupta and Govindarajan (2000), it is easier to transfer knowledge to a
subsidiary acquired from a low income country than from country with a high
income. The reason for this is that a subsidiary with a higher income sees themselves
as on par regarding educational level with the parent company which appears to
launch the “not invented here” syndrome (Gooderham, 2007). The theory is
somewhat supported by Erik for instance. Erik says that while he has been working
on a new project has a coworker stationed in a poorer part of the work been very
accepting of his knowledge. Erik says that the coworker has been receptive of his
knowledge which has further enhanced their shared meaning. As with other theories
analyzed in this study is the empirical data however too thin to make a fair argument
for the theory being correct.

5.2.3.5 The dynamic capabilities driven model overall
If we look at the theory from a holistic perspective, we can see that the theory by
Gooderham (2007) is mostly supported by the empirical data. If we review the above
analyzed theory we can see that the capabilities driven model is confirmed by the
empirical data to some extent. As seen from the analysis above are the responses
regarding each aspect of tacit knowledge transfer in capabilities driven model mostly
unanimous, except for the cognitive social capital dimension where there appears to
be different views on the matter.
5.2.4 The SECI-model
5.2.4.1 Socialization
Next model to be reviewed is the SECI-model by Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995). In
this analysis, an emphasis is put on the innovation aspect of the SECI-model. To
begin with, an analysis of the socialization process will take place. According to
Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995), this process is about transferring tacit knowledge by
79

Vincent Wrede
sharing mental models, images and technical capabilities. The reality is to a large
extent supporting the theory in this case. For instance, an innovation usually begins
by an idea being presented to another person, according to Anders. He further
explains that curious people are important in the creation of an innovation since they
think about problems that can be solved while they are working. These statements
supports the theory since there is an exchange of tacit knowledge during the
presentation of an idea. Ben furthermore says that their exchange of ideas and
proposals with customers is an ongoing process throughout the creation of an
innovation. This implies that tacit knowledge is being shared through socialization
since unformed ideas are exchanged between customer and business. Anders also
explains that employees mostly learn by doing as they catch some knowledge here
and some knowledge there by participating in projects. The other informants have
accordingly similar experiences during the idea phase of an innovation which
corroborates the theory since it involves the sharing of knowledge in different types
of groups by socializing.

5.2.4.2 Externalization
The next process in the SECI-model is referred to as externalization. Externalization
is about transferring tacit knowledge to explicit knowledge. After the new knowledge
has been explicitly expressed should there no longer exist any inconsistencies in the
expressed model, concept etc. (Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). du Plessis (2007) further
argues that the tacit knowledge can be captured through IT-platforms such as
discussion databases. This part of the SECI-model is at least to some extent
corroborated by the empirical data. For instance, Daniela says that they have a welldefined process regarding the creation of an innovation. The process Daniela’s
company use correlates with the theory since it is about providing a well expressed
proposal where there are numerous boxes to check before being able to submit the
idea fully. Another instance of a similar way of expressing new ideas could perhaps
be Anders’ organization where employees have a computer system where they can
contribute with ideas. It remains however unclear if the ideas has to be fully
expressed or not. Regarding the other informants, it appears as if the intranets are
80

Vincent Wrede
mostly in place to spread already completed projects and not the place where ideas
are proposed. These statements do hence not correlate with the theory but at the same
time do they not prove the theory wrong since it is probable that most of these
organizations have a thorough process for evaluating new ideas.

5.2.4.3 Combination
The combination mode is about the sharing and distribution of explicit knowledge
(Nonaka & Takecuchi, 1995). This phase of the SECI-model is further about
combining the expressed knowledge in a knowledge system (Nonaka & Takeuchi,
1995). The knowledge can then further be shared through different mediums such as
documents, phones or mediums (Nonaka & Takecuchi, 1995). This correlates to a
large degree with the empirical data. The reason for this is that the companies
interviewed to a large extent uses internal databases in order to share knowledge in
the form of different projects and so on. For instance, Ben says that they have an
internal database where employees can find previous projects and get in contact with
the ones who have participated in the project. Daniela is another example that
corroborates the use of large scale computer systems with the purpose of combining
knowledge. She explains that they use a project management system in a way that
enables employees to see what has been done previously and share their experiences.
Regarding the contribution the combination seems to have on innovation can it be
noted that the project management system in Daniela’s case is used in order to learn
from previous mistakes and successes which in turn evidently has a positive impact
on the creation of an innovation. The theory is further supported by Erik and Ben
who both says that Skype has been a relevant tool for sharing knowledge throughout
the organization.

5.2.4.4 Internalization
The internalization mode is the last process in the model and is about turning the
explicit knowledge seen in the previous mode into tacit knowledge that can be used
by the receiver (Nonaka & Takeuchi, 1995). This mode of the model is supported to
some extent by the empirical data. It is supported by Daniela’s statement where she
says that they utilize the system in order to facilitate the construction of new projects

81

Vincent Wrede
by learning from earlier lessons. Also Ben says that employees can use their intranet
in order to find knowledge. According to Ben, the knowledge found on the intranet
can be retrieved by contacting the people participating in the project. These statement
corroborates the theory in the sense that explicit knowledge gets internalized either
directly, by finding the person with the knowledge who can further explain, or
indirectly by using previous projects as lessons.

5.3 Analysis of innovation
In the previous part of the analysis has there been an explicit focus on the transfer of
knowledge and how it works within the Finnish forest industry. In the following part
will the focus be on innovation with knowledge transfer being acknowledged as a biproduct of innovation.
5.3.1 Type of innovation
To begin with, the type of innovations created within the Finnish forest industry are
analyzed in order to understand what kind of challenges the industry is facing.
As can be seen by Christian’s and Daniela’s view on innovation is sustainability
becoming an increasingly relevant area to explore. Christian does for instance
mention that the company he works in focuses on finding new business opportunities
and resource efficiency. He further elaborates that resource efficiency to a large
extent revolves around circular economy, which the industry has been working with
for a long time already, and water efficiency. Daniela further mentions that trends
such as climate concerns drives the innovation needs. She elaborates by saying that
customers are more aware of what kind of chemicals that are used in the products.
One could thus argue that the industry is in the need of radical innovations. A radical
innovation is about using an existing business model and leverage it by using new
technical competencies (Pisano, 2015). The reason why there would be a need for
radical innovations is that it would be a question of leveraging existing business
models through the use of new knowledge. For instance does Daniela mention the
packaging industry and the need for new chemicals used in the process as a result of
product knowledge of the customer. The business model would thus be the same as

82

Vincent Wrede
earlier that is selling packaging material to customers without changing how the
product is used, while renewing components in the packaging material.
On the other hand, it could also be argued that there is a need and a focus in the
industry towards a more architectural innovation approach. Architectural innovation
is about the use of new technical competencies and an innovative business model
(Pisano, 2015). Christian describes one of their innovations as being aimed at a new
market where he also mentions that they had to use new technical competencies in
order to create the innovation. This may talk for an architectural approach since the
innovation is about finding new ways to the market and by utilizing new technical
knowledge. Christian also mentions that there was an elaborate approach to finding a
new business opportunity which further supports the fact that the industry may be
heading towards changes regarding way of innovation. Based on the empirical data is
it however difficult to argue what have caused a change although Daniela’s answers
may imply that a more sustainable view on business is a reason for this.
5.3.2 Open innovation
The innovation process approach that is central to this study is the open innovation
paradigm. The open innovation approach is argued to be a necessity in order to stay
competitive rather than a competitive advantage on its own (Faems, 2008). Open
innovation is about using purposeful in and outflows of knowledge in an
organization in order to accelerating internal innovation (Chesbrough, 2006). Before
moving into more detail is it arguably already possible to see traits of open
innovation in the Finnish forest industry based on the informants. For instance does
Ben, Christian and Erik all mention that they have used external partners in order to
expand their knowledge base in order to make an innovation come to life. The reason
why this supports the move towards an open innovation paradigm is because they all
use purposeful inflows of knowledge in order to execute an innovation. Furthermore
it can, on the one hand, also be argued that the empirical data is not supporting the
open innovation paradigm to a larger extent. The reason for this is that not many of
the informants are talking about the use of patents for instance and the use of external
ideas in this sense. Erik for instance says that their company is directly against it. On
the other hand, Anders says that if it is possible to patent an innovation they may
license it out.
83

Vincent Wrede

5.3.3 Types of open innovation
5.3.3.1 Acquiring
A more detailed view of open innovation comes by comparing inbound and
outbound open innovation with the empirical data. The first thing to compare is the
acquiring mode of open innovation. This mode is about acquiring input from the
market place into the innovation process (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). This mode of
open innovation seems to be a part of the innovation process in the Finnish forest
industry, according to the empirical data, at least to some extent. Christian’s
statement does support the notion of a pecuniary course of action taken in order to
benefit innovation. Christian mentions that during the process of developing a new
product did they acquire skills and knowledge that was missing in the organization
from the external environment as they hired people with various skills. Ben has
similar views since he says that they consulted external people with another type of
knowledge base than the organization in order to start an innovation initiative. Erik
does, however, say that they refrain from acquiring innovations, patents or
knowledge from the external environment which does not support this mode of open
innovation.

5.3.3.2 Selling
The second type of open innovation that will be analyzed is referred to as selling.
Selling is about commercializing innovations by either licensing them out or by
selling them all together to other firms (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). Selling is seen
among the informants as an innovation approach to a small degree. As seen in the
previous mode, one of the informants talks about potentially selling an innovation on
the one hand. Anders says that if an innovation can be patented they may opt to
license it out. On the other hand, this procedure do not seem like the norm at the
company. Furthermore does Erik say that they do not work through license
agreements which hence do not support the hypothesis that the Finnish forest
industry would work with this type of open innovation.
84

Vincent Wrede

5.3.3.3 Sourcing
The third type of open innovation in the theory is called sourcing. This mode of open
innovation is about leveraging external ideas and technologies found by scanning the
environment and creating synergies between these ideas and internal processes
(Dahlander & Gann, 2010). This type of open innovation is corroborated by the
empirical material. For instance, most of the informants mentions that their company
have been or are involved in collaboration with universities. It can also be noted that
collaboration with universities seem like an institutionalized process in many of the
interviewed organizations where the company look to leverage innovations derived
from universities or research institutes. For instance, Daniela argues that if a project
proposal by a university or research institute is good enough will they participate.
Another example that may corroborate the use of this open innovation approach
could be Erik. He says that they look for complementing competencies in order to
advance a project or innovation. The reason why these statements are congruent with
this theory is that there is not a direct financial exchange between the different
parties and that there is scouting for different competencies involved.

5.3.3.4 Revealing
The last mode to analyze is the revealing mode. This mode is about revealing internal
resources for the external environment (Dahlander & Gann, 2010). The reason why
an organization would do this is to evoke collaboration by revealing selective
internal resources (Henkel, 2006). It does not seem like this would be the case with
any of the interviewed organizations. To begin with, neither of the informants
mentions any type of collaboration where internal resources would have been
revealed. Furthermore, many of the informants says that there are many secrecy
agreements in place during the innovation process which further goes against the
theory. This is corroborated by Anders and Christian for instance who explicitly
points out that secrecy agreements are put in place which implies that the

85

Vincent Wrede
organizations in this industry do not reveal much about their internal resources on the
one hand. On the other hand, Daniela says that they have experimented with so
called hackathons which supports the use of this approach. However, Daniela does
not point out what kind of resources they are revealing, if any at all.

5.4 Discussion on knowledge transfer and innovation
After a thorough analysis of the empirical data is a discussion about knowledge
transfer and innovation necessary in order to gain an answer on the research
question. In the following part will the impact knowledge transfer has on innovation
first of all be discussed followed by a discussion about constraints of innovation
within the Finnish forest industry. Last will a short discussion on whether the Finnish
forest industry may be moving towards the open innovation paradigm or not.
5.4.1 How does knowledge transfer impact innovation?
As supported by the analysis above is it fair to say that transfer of knowledge plays
an integral role in the creation of innovations in the Finnish forest industry. It can be
seen from the informants that the transfer of knowledge has a place in the innovation
process all the way from the phase of generating ideas to the development of a
product. On a theoretical level, we can see that the SECI-model is supported to a
large degree by the empirical data. This is primarily seen in the socialization mode
since a few of the informants says that they receive ideas that may turn into
innovations by talking with customers and internal employees. These ideas thus
follows the theoretical model in the sense that tacit knowledge is shared and received
which then turn into an innovation.
Furthermore, it appears as if an open culture benefits the innovation process. The
reason for this is that ideas and solutions for different issues often are presented
between people before an innovation goes into development. For instance is it noted
that ideas are presented by customers to the organization as Daniela and Erik points
out or, as Anders points out, that an idea is presented to another team member. The
reason why an open culture thus may seem as beneficial is because it allows people
to discuss these ideas and thoughts that may lead to innovations.

86

Vincent Wrede
5.4.3 Is the Finnish forest industry following the paradigm shift?
Based on the analysis, it appears as if the Finnish forest industry would be applying
open innovation to a large degree as defined in the theoretical chapter. It may
however be argued that there still are too many factors talking against this approach.
There is seemingly much secrecy involved in the innovation processes, maybe
rightfully so, and how products are developed which goes against the use of the open
innovation approach. On the other hand, it appears as if the use of acquiring and
sourcing approaches are fairly common in the Finnish forest industry. It may thus be
concluded that the Finnish forest industry is moving towards an open innovation
approach but that we cannot talk about an open innovation paradigm in the industry
yet.
5.4.2 Constraints regarding innovations in the industry
There seems to be some constraints regarding innovation and why it is limited to an
internal approach. Some concerns noted in the analysis are, as earlier pointed out,
secrecy agreements between teams inside a company as well as with external
partners and culture. Since secrecy agreements prohibits people from discussing a
certain matter is it logical that any ideas from such a discussion will not exist and
further add to the development. Regarding culture can it be said that it has been
noted that a negative attitude towards innovation leads to unwillingness to contribute
with and to ideas. As explained by Christian, a negative culture towards innovation
usually depends on the increased workload that typically comes with it.

6. Discussion
In this last chapter will a brief discussion follow where purpose and what could have
been done differently be addressed. During the discussion on purpose, I will also
reflect upon the conclusions that have been made. This chapter will, furthermore,
address thoughts on future research within the area of knowledge transfer and
innovation and end with thoughts on the process of writing a master’s thesis.

6.1 Purpose and conclusions

87

Vincent Wrede
In this study have I explored the Finnish forest industry and depicted how innovation
processes works within the industry. The purpose of this thesis was to find out how
knowledge transfer activities affects the innovation process in the Finnish forest
industry. I think the purpose has been fulfilled since it clearly shows how knowledge
transfer impacts innovation in the Finnish forest industry is done in the analysis.
Since it is a question of processes there is, however, no straight answer to be given
regarding this research question. This in turn means that it is difficult to specify
exactly in what kind of situations knowledge transfer is key for innovation. This is a
question that has been discussed throughout the thesis and is emphasized in chapter
five. Although the situations where the transfer of knowledge seemingly has a
positive impact on the innovation are not unanimous among the respondents, I have
made the following conclusion: the creation of ideas are made in informal situations
when there is a sense of trust and community between people. Furthermore, it can be
said that different types of competences is needed throughout the innovation process,
but the personal connections are still relevant in order retrieve the needed knowledge.
The reason for this is that people tend to share knowledge with people they have an
established connection with. This thesis has also mentioned general ways of
distributing knowledge in the Finnish forest industry. People share knowledge
through various means in different situations. The conclusion and, perhaps, a key
take away, is that people want to meet each other in physical form before a value
adding knowledge exchange between two counterparts can commence. The third and
final purpose of this study was to see whether the Finnish forest industry is moving
towards the open innovation paradigm or if the closed paradigm still is the
dominating approach. The conclusion I have come to is that the open innovation
paradigm is currently not adopted by the industry. Although, the industry has
certainly taken large steps towards an open innovation approach.

6.2 Generalization of data

It ought to be said that conclusions and analysis of this qualitative material have been
subjective and affected by personal opinions, partly from the author’s side and partly
from the informants’ sides. While I strived towards being objective in the process of

88

Vincent Wrede
writing this thesis, it is impossible that it has not been affected by personal opinions,
thoughts and how I have interpreted empirical as well as theoretical data.
At this stage of the study is it important to note that the data in this thesis alone is too
thin to make generalizable conclusions about how the Finnish forest industry creates
innovations and how their processes works. However, it is probably possible to draw
parallels from this study to how processes are working in reality. Furthermore, more
studies have to be done in order to give a more coherent answer on the research
question.

6.3 What could have been done differently?

As with all studies there are things that could have been done differently or that
could have been done better. Hence, a few method problems have to be revised
regarding the execution of this study.
To begin with, it can be noted that the theoretical framework can be regarded as too
wide for the scope of this thesis. For instance, the dynamic capabilities driven model
by Gooderham (2007) may be seen as superfluous. The reason for this is that the
model was difficult to fit in the study in regard to questions asked of the informants
and the difficulty of connecting the model to the innovation theories. Since questions
that did not correlate directly with the model was asked of the informants were
insufficient answers also given in response. The model was also difficult to fit in
with the theory on open innovation since different factors are taken into
consideration in the different models. This could have been done better by limiting
the number of theories to one theory on knowledge transfer and one theory on
innovation.
Another problem regarding the execution of the thesis is the chosen subject of
innovation within the context of the Finnish forest industry. The reason for this is
that the processes involves much secrecy which means that informants mostly were
unable to describe through example. This in turn leads to a loss of context in
empirical data. This is a difficult issue to get around, but one way may have been to

89

Vincent Wrede
choose informants from smaller organizations since secrecy agreements may not be
in place or because innovations are done in another way where less crucial
information have to be revealed during the explanation of an example.
The last matters to mention regarding improvements or what could have been done
differently

are time and language. Since three out of five informants were

interviewed in English, which is not their mother tongue, may opinions been more
difficult to articulate which results in thoughts and conclusions that are not fully
developed.

6.4 Future research
Regarding future research, it can first of all be said that the Finnish forest industry
makes a good case for understanding innovation processes and should thus be further
explored based on the industry’s ability to come up with new processes and products.
Furthermore, future research should verify the findings of this study through larger
and quantifiable studies. The reason for this is to confirm whether the findings in this
paper is a matter of coincidence or whether the knowledge transfer actually do lay at
the core of innovation in the industry. Future research ought to further explore in
which situations and what kind of knowledge that sparks innovation. The reason for
this is that this would create the basis for an innovation framework that can help
researchers understand innovation and how it works.

6.5 End words

The process of writing a master’s thesis has been both interesting as well as
demanding. My ability to write an academic text and how to structure it has
improved as well as my ability to understand complex processes. Furthermore, I have
seen how theory can be reflected in reality. During the study, I have noticed how
complicated and abstract innovation processes are. Through the empirical data as
well as the theoretical data, I have learnt how important knowledge is for
organizations and the importance of sharing knowledge in the innovation process.

90

Vincent Wrede

7. Swedish summary
Kunskapsöverföring och innovation inom den finska skogsindustrin
I denna avhandling har jag avsett skriva om hur överföringen av kunskap påverkar
innovationsförmågan inom den finska skogsindustrin. Avhandlingens syfte har varit
att ta reda på hurdan inverkan överföringen av kunskap har på innovation inom en
91

Vincent Wrede
industri som är i ständigt behov av innovativa lösningar. Ratnasingam et al, (2013)
menar att det finns ett behov av innovation och kreativitet gällande hållbara
produkter inom skogsindustrin. Ovanstående påstående, bland annat, ligger som
grund för valet av ämne till denna studie då skogsindustrin måste vara innovativ för
att hållas konkurrenskraftig och klara av de förändringar och krav som den externa
miljön har. Ett delsyfte av studien har varit att ta reda på om, och hur, den finska
skogsindustrin använder sig av så kallad öppen innovation. Orsaken till varför denna
tankeställning är intressant beror på att Chesbrough (2003) anser att öppen
innovation är effektivare än stängd innovation.
Teori som ligger som grund för avhandlingen behandlas från två olika perspektiv.
Dessa perspektiv utgörs av de teoretiska helheterna kunskapsledning samt
innovation.

Inom

respektive

teoriområde

har

avgränsningar

gjorts

till

kunskapsöverföring och öppen innovation. De teorier som lagts störst tyngdpunkt på
framförs av Nonaka och Takeuchi (1995), och Chesbrough (2003). Med andra ord
utgörs de teoretiska helheterna som tagits upp i denna avhandling av
kunskapsöverföring och öppen innovation. Dessa teoriområden har valts eftersom jag
anser att de skapar den teoretiska bakgrund som krävs för att ta reda på hur
överföringen av kunskap påverkar skapandet av innovationer inom de företag jag har
intervjuat.
Studiens metodologiska bakgrund förklaras i detta stycke. Studien är explanativ.
Detta innebär att djupare förståelse och kunskap söks genom att beskriva och
förklara (Björklund & Paulsson, 2003). Orsaken till detta val är att det finns en del
tidigare forskning inom både kunskaps ledning och innovation vilket innebär att
denna studie strävar efter att förstå kunskapsöverföring och innovation på ett djupare
plan. Studien har utförts deduktivt. Detta innebär att utgångspunkten ligger i teorin
varpå det empiriska materialet verifieras genom teori (Björklund & Paulsson, 2016).
Data består av primära- och sekundära data. Sekundära data har främst skaffats från
vetenskapliga artiklar och böcker. Sekundära data har samlats in genom fem stycken
semistrukturerade intervjuer. Orsaken till detta val av datainsamlings metod är att
metoden gör det möjligt för informanterna att förklara ingående om olika processer
samtidigt som diskussionen håller sig till forskningsfrågan. Intervjuerna har gjorts
med fem stycken personer från fyra olika företag verksamma inom den finska
92

Vincent Wrede
skogsindustrin. Totalt kontaktades 15 personer inom industrin varav åtta personer
svarade. Fem av dessa åtta svarande valde att ställa upp på intervju. Dessa fem
informanter var alla i seniora positioner vid intervjutillfällena där de arbetade med
frågor relaterade till antingen affärsutveckling, innovation eller båda två. De
intervjuade har förblivit anonyma eftersom det har ansetts att det empiriska
materialet på detta sätt blir objektivare, vilket i sin tur leder till en mera objektiv
studie. Tre av dessa fem intervjuer har utförts på engelska medan de övriga två
intervjuerna har utförts på svenska. Samtliga intervjuade var anställda av bolag
listade på börsen och verksamma inom den finska skogsindustrin vid tiden då
intervjuerna utfördes.
I analysen har det empiriska materialet blivit jämfört med det teoretiska materialet
för att få svar på forskningsfrågan. I denna del har informanternas åsikter och
erfarenheter jämförts systematiskt med det teoretiska materialet för att besvara
forskningsfrågan.
I sista kapitlet har problem angränsande till studiens utförande och resultaten av
studien tagits upp och diskuterats. Innan resultaten av studien presenteras är det värt
att ge en kort beskrivning av de problem som har uppstått i denna studie. Till att
börja med kan det noteras att den teoretiska referensramen kan anses vara aningen
för bred. Med detta menas att en del av teorin om kunskapsöverföring skulle kunna
ha uteblivit för att skapa en bättre studie. Mera specifikt så kunde teori om
kunskapsöverföring i multinationella företag ha uteblivit då dessa aspekter fick
väldigt lite utrymme i empirin. Trots att de medverkande företagen var
multinationella intervjuades enbart personer anställda i Finland vilket innebar att
svaren var svåra att analysera i förhållande till teorin. Ett annat problem gällande
utförandet av denna avhandling var valet av ämne. Med tanke på att innovation och
processer kopplade till innovation är ett relativt sekretess belagt område för dem som
arbetar inom industrin kan viss information ha uteblivit från informanternas sida.
T.ex. har information som använts i analysen blivit tagna utanför kontext då
informanter haft svårt att dela med sig av sina erfarenheter via berättelser då de inte
haft möjlighet att beskriva genom exempel. Det sista problemområdet gällande
exekveringen av studien var tid och språk. Då informanterna hade relativt lite tid i
förhållande till antalet frågor som ställdes blev resultatet att deras synpunkter inte
93

Vincent Wrede
utvecklades fullt ut. Detta innebar i sin tur att det empiriska materialet blev svagt
gällande vissa frågor vilket påverkade analysen negativt. Angående språket kan det
anses att de personer som inte intervjuades på sitt modersmål (finska) hade svårt att
artikulera sina åsikter. Detta ledde även till luckor i det empiriska materialet.
Resultaten bekräftar i helhet hypotesen, det vill säga att kunskapsöverföring har en
betydande roll i skapandet av innovationer. Detta syns t.ex. i olika samarbeten med
externa parter så väl som i interna samarbeten mellan olika anställda. I analysen
framgår det kanske framför allt att idéer uppstår genom överföring av kunskap
mellan anställda inom en organisation eller genom överföring av kunskap mellan
externa parter och anställda i en organisation. I dessa utbyten av kunskap kan det
anses att en etablerad relation är viktigt för att kunskapsöverföringen ska ske
framgångsrikt, dvs. att ha träffats fysiskt skapar en känsla av förtroende och
pålitlighet vilket gör att människor vill dela med sig av kunskap. Övriga situationer
där överföringen av kunskap varit av nytta för skapandet av innovationer är då en
viss typ av kompetens behövts eller då ett annat perspektiv har varit till nytta för att
förverkliga en idé. Även i detta skede har jag dragit slutsatsen att en etablerad
relation är viktig. Ett delsyfte har även varit att ta reda på om den finska
skogsindustrin använder sig av öppen innovation för att kommersialisera
innovationer. Slutsatsen av analysen är att den finska skogsindustrin sakta rör sig mot
att använda öppen innovation. T.ex. genom att utnyttja externa resurser, så som
kunder och konsulter, för att utveckla processer och produkter. Detta kan jämföras
med tidigare då informanter ansåg att de gick till kunden med en produkt i det skede
de var helt klara med den.

8. References

94

Vincent Wrede
Alvesson, M., & Kärreman, D. (2001). Odd couple: Making sense of the curious
concept of knowledge management. Journal of Management Studies, 38(7),
995-1018. doi:10.1111/1467-6486.00269
Anil K. Gupta, & Vijay Govindarajan. (2000). Knowledge flows within
multinational corporations. Strategic Management Journal, 21(4), 473-496.
doi:10.1002/(SICI)1097-0266(200004)21:4<473::AID-SMJ84>3.0.CO;2-I
Björklund, M., & Paulsson, U. (2003). Seminarieboken. Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Retrieved from http://libris.kb.se/resource/bib/8953765
Blankenship, S. S., & Ruona, W. E. A. (2009). Exploring knowledge sharing in
social structures.11(3), 290-306. Retrieved
from http://www.econis.eu/PPNSET?PPN=610392816
Bryman, A., & Nilsson, B. (2002). Samhällsvetenskapliga metoder (1. uppl. ed.).
Malmö: Liber ekonomi. Retrieved from http://libris.kb.se/resource/bib/8770897
Chen, J., Zhu, Z., & Yuan Xie, H. (2004). Measuring intellectual capital: A new
model and empirical study. Journal of Intellectual Capital, 5(1), 195-212.
doi:10.1108/14691930410513003
Chesbrough, H., VANHAVERBEKE, W., & West, J. (2006). Open innovation:
Researching a new paradigm Oxford University Press. Retrieved
from http://hdl.handle.net/1942/1752
Chesbrough, H. (2003). Open innovation. the new imperative for creating and
profiting from technology. Boston: Harvard Business School Press. Retrieved
from https://www.epo.org/index.html
Clayton M Christensen, Michael E Raynor, & Rory McDonald. (2017). What is
disruptive innovation? Accountancy SA, , 24-26. Retrieved
from https://search.proquest.com/docview/1967324647
Dahlander, L., & Gann, D. M. (2010). How open is innovation? Research
Policy, 39(6), 699-709. doi:10.1016/j.respol.2010.01.013
Davenport, T. H., & Prusak, L. (1998). Working knowledge. Boston, Mass: Harvard
Business School Press. Retrieved from http://www.econis.eu/PPNSET?
PPN=235829277
Dewar, R. D., & Dutton, J. E. (1986). The adoption of radical and incremental
innovations: An empirical analysis. Management Science, 32(11), 1422-1433.
doi:10.1287/mnsc.32.11.1422
du Plessis, M. (2007). The role of knowledge management in innovation. Journal of
Knowledge Management, 11(4), 20-29. doi:10.1108/13673270710762684
Eric N Hansen. (2010). The role of innovation in the forest products
industry. Journal of Forestry, 108(7), 348. Retrieved
from https://search.proquest.com/docview/762232461
Faems, D. L. M. (2008). Open innovation: Researching a new paradigm Oxford
University Press. Retrieved from http://hdl.handle.net/1942/15064

95

Vincent Wrede
Finnish Forest Industry. (n.d.). Forest Industry. Retrieved 2019-09-30 from
https://www.forestindustries.fi/statistics/forest-industry/
Forest Cluster Research Strategy. (2010). The world’s leading forest cluster 2030.
H Finnish Forest Industries Federation.
Furrer, O., Thomas, H., & Goussevskaia, A. (2008). The structure and evolution of
the strategic management field: A content analysis of 26 years of strategic
management research. International Journal of Management Reviews, 10(1), 123. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2370.2007.00217.x
Gooderham, P. N., Grøgaard, B., & Nordhaug, O. (2013). International
management : Theory and practice. Cheltenham, Gloucestershire: Edward Elgar
Publishing Limited. Retrieved
from https://ebookcentral.proquest.com/lib/[SITE_ID]/detail.action?
docID=1220184
Gooderham, P. N. (2007). Enhancing knowledge transfer in multinational
corporations: A dynamic capabilities driven model. Knowledge Management
Research & Practice, 5(1), 34-43. doi:10.1057/palgrave.kmrp.8500119
Grant, R. M. (2010). Contemporary strategy analysis (7. ed., repr. with corr. ed.).
Chichester: Wiley.
Grant, R. M. (2013). Contemporary strategy analysis (8. ed., reprint with corr. ed.).
Chichester: Wiley.
Henkel, J. (2006). Selective revealing in open innovation processes: The case of
embedded linux. Research Policy, 35(7), 953-969.
doi:10.1016/j.respol.2006.04.010
Henrik Bresman, Julian Birkinshaw, & Robert Nobel. (1999). Knowledge transfer in
international acquisitions. Journal of International Business Studies, 30(3), 439462. doi:10.1057/palgrave.jibs.8490078
Herrmann, P. (2005). Evolution of strategic management: The need for new
dominant designs. International Journal of Management Reviews, 7(2), 111130. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2370.2005.00108.x
Hislop, D. (2013). Knowledge management in organizations (3. ed. ed.). Oxford:
Oxford Univ. Press. Retrieved from http://bvbr.bib-bvb.de:8991/F?
func=service&doc_library=BVB01&local_base=BVB01&doc_number=025911
117&sequence=000002&line_number=0001&func_code=DB_RECORDS&serv
ice_type=MEDIA
Horwitch, M., & Armacost, R. (2002). Helping knowledge management be all it can
be. Journal of Business Strategy, 23(3), 26-31. doi:10.1108/eb040247
Huang, M., Chiu, Y., & Lu, T. (2013). Knowledge governance mechanisms and
repatriate's knowledge sharing. Journal of Knowledge Management, 17(5), 677694. Retrieved from http://www.econis.eu/PPNSET?PPN=771769172
Johnson, D. (2001). What is innovation and entrepreneurship? lessons for larger
organisations. Industrial and Commercial Training, 33(4), 135-140.
doi:10.1108/00197850110395245
96

Vincent Wrede
Lamberg, J., & Laurila, J. (2005). Materializing the societal effect: Organizational
forms and changing patterns of dominance in the paper industry. Organization
Studies, 26(12), 1809-1830. doi:10.1177/0170840605059158
Lamberg, J., & Ojala, J.Co-evolution of institutions and strategies: Finnish pulp and
paper industry 1918-1995. Nordiske Organisasjonsstudier, 7(3-4), 53-86.
Leifer, R., McDermott, M., O’Connor, G. C., Peters, L. S., Rice, M. & Veryzer, R.
W. (2000). Radical Innovation: How Mature Companies can Outsmart Upstarts.
Harvard Business School Press. Boston, Massachusetts.
Linstead, S. (2004). Managing Culture. In Linstead, S., Fulop, L., & Lilley, S.
(2004). Management and organization. New York: Palgrave Macmillan.
Retrieved from http://www.loc.gov/catdir/description/hol052/2003054921.html
Martĺnez-Ros, E., & Orfila-Sintes, F. (2009). Innovation activity in the hotel
industry. Technovation, 29(9), 632-641. doi:10.1016/j.technovation.2009.02.004
Michael Earl. (2001). Knowledge management strategies: Toward a
taxonomy. Journal of Management Information Systems, 18(1), 215-233.
doi:10.1080/07421222.2001.11045670
National Science Foundation, National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics
zzzz2019. National Patterns of R&D Resources:2016–17 Data Update. NSF 19-309.
zzzzAlexandria, VA. [reffered: 3.10.2019] Available
zzzzat https://ncses.nsf.gov/pubs/nsf19309.
Näsi, J., Sajasalo, J. & Sierilä, P. (2001). A game-playing perspective on industry
level megachange - an analysis of concentration in the finnish forest sector
1985-1995. Retrieved from https://tutcris.tut.fi/portal/en/publications/agameplaying-perspective-on-industry-level-megachange--an-analysis-ofconcentration-in-the-finnish-forest-sector-19851995(c0497090-295c-44d4995a-7dd14cf736af).html
Official Statistics of Finland (OSF): Research and development [e-publication].
ISSN=2342-6721. 2007. Helsinki: Statistics Finland [referred: 15.8.2019].
Access method: http://www.stat.fi/til/tkke/2007/tkke_2007_2008-10ZZZ23_tie_001_en.html
Pasi Sajasalo. (1999). The changing role of marketing associations in the
internationalization of the finnish forest industry. Allied Academies
International Conference. Academy of Marketing Studies. Proceedings, 4(2), 5.
Retrieved from https://search.proquest.com/docview/192410738
PISANO, G. P. (2015). You need an innovation strategy. Harvard Business
Review, 93(6) Retrieved
from http://parlinfo.aph.gov.au/parlInfo/search/summary/summary.w3p;query=I
d:%22library/jrnart/4024103%22
Pitt, M., & MacVaugh, J. (2008). Knowledge management for new product
development. Journal of Knowledge Management, 12(4), 101-116.
doi:10.1108/13673270810884282

97

Vincent Wrede
Polanyi, M. (1962). Personal knowledge. London: Routledge.
Porter, M. E., & Linde, C. v. d. (1995). "Toward a new conception of the
environment-competitiveness relationship". The Journal of Economic
Perspectives, 9(4), 97. Retrieved
from https://search.proquest.com/docview/1300200089
Rahman, A. A., Hamid, U. Z. A., & Chin, T. A. (2017). Emerging Technologies
With Disruptive Effects: A Review. Perintis eJournal, 7(2), 111-128. Retrieved
fromchttps://www.academia.edu/35467874/Emerging_Technologies_with_Disr
uptive_Effects_A_Review
RATNASINGAM, J., WAI, L. T., THANASEGARAN, G., IORAS, F., VACALIE,
C., COMAN, C., & WENMING, L. (2013). Innovations in the forest products
industry: The malaysian experience. Notulae Botanicae Horti Agrobotanici
Cluj-Napoca, 41(2), 601. doi:10.15835/nbha4129339
Rebecca M. Henderson, & Kim B. Clark. (1990). Architectural innovation: The
reconfiguration of existing product technologies and the failure of established
firms. Administrative Science Quarterly, 35(1), 9-30. doi:10.2307/2393549
Rusko, R. (2011). Exploring the concept of coopetition: A typology for the strategic
moves of the finnish forest industry. Industrial Marketing Management, 40(2),
311-320. doi:10.1016/j.indmarman.2010.10.002
Shameek Konar, & Mark A. Cohen. (2001). Does the market value environmental
performance? The Review of Economics and Statistics, 83(2), 281-289.
doi:10.1162/00346530151143815
Souto, J. E. (2015). Business model innovation and business concept innovation as
the context of incremental innovation and radical innovation. Tourism
Management, 51, 142-155. doi:10.1016/j.tourman.2015.05.017
Toppinen, A., Pätäri, S., Tuppura, A., & Jantunen, A. (2017). The european pulp and
paper industry in transition to a bio-economy: A delphi study. Futures, 88, 1-14.
doi:10.1016/j.futures.2017.02.002
West, J., West, J., Bogers, M., & Bogers, M. (2017). Open innovation: Current status
and research opportunities. Innovation, 19(1), 43-50.
doi:10.1080/14479338.2016.1258995
Zack, M. H. (2003). Rethinking the knowledge-based organization. MIT Sloan
Management Review, 44(4), 67. Retrieved
from https://search.proquest.com/docview/224959951

9. Appendix 1: Interview guide
1. Can you tell me a bit about yourself?
a. Education?

98

Vincent Wrede
b. How did you end up in this company?
2. About the position
a. What does a normal work day look like?
b. Tell a bit about your position/role in this company
3. Tell me a bit about this company
a. What do you do?
b. What does the structure look like?
i. Size
ii. History
iii. In relation to other companies
1. Competitors
2. Suppliers
3. Costumers
4. Tell me a bit about the leadership within this company
a. How would you define the leadership/ the way of leading in this
organization?
b. What is the organization culture like?
c. How do you cooperate in this company?
d. How do you advance within this organization?
e. How are the employees motivated in this company?
5. What is innovation to you? What does innovation mean to you
6. What kind of innovations are you creating?
7. Tell me about your latest innovation (process, product, service), how did it
occur/ come about?
a. Explain the process
b. What happens when the process ends?
i. Feedback loop etc.(?)
8. Tell me about the most important components in the creation of an
innovation
a. People within the organization
b. Collaborators (other companies within the same industry, costumers,
other companies (suppliers etc.)
c. Why these components?
9. What does it look like when an innovation does not work?
a. How does the leadership / coworkers receive it?
b. How do you learn from the mistakes?
10. What is it that limits an innovation from succeeding?
11. What kind of thoughts does the word knowledge bring to your mind?
12. What do you regard as knowledge in this company?
13. How do you talk about knowledge?
a. The importance
14. How important is knowledge?
a. To you?
b. To the organization?
15. What kind of knowledge do you share?
a. How do you share knowledge among each other?
b. In what kind of situations?

99

Vincent Wrede
i. Processes etc.?
ii. (recurring meetings, educational days, coffee room
discussions, lunch within teams or similar?
16. In what kind of situations is knowledge shared?
a. Your knowledge?
b. Employees in general?
17. How is knowledge from one part of the organization applied to another part
of the organization?
a. Have this lead to new ideas?
18. How do you develop the knowledge in your organization?
a. How do you get new knowledge into the organization?
b. (recruiting, university cooperation and so forth?)
19. Has the sharing of knowledge made the organization more competitive?
a. If yes, how so? In which way?
i. (innovations, improvements, higher competence and so on)

100

