Clement_Kasongo

CLEMENT KASONGO, 41179

Managing Corporate Social Responsibility
A Multiple Case Study

Master’s Thesis in the International
Information and Knowledge Management
Supervisors: Professor Gunilla Widén and Shahrokh Nikou
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
Åbo 2020

Clement_Kasongo

Subject: Information and Knowledge Management
Writer: Clement Kasongo
Title: Managing Corporate Social Responsibility: A Case Study
Supervisor: Professor Gunilla Widén

Supervisor: Shahrokh Nikou

Abstract: Over the recent past the subject of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
has been given growing attention by academics and practitioners. This has contributed
to strategic challenges as the corporate world becomes more globalised. CSR has
proved to be standard as a management technique, formalized, incorporated, and
widely assimilated into organizational frameworks, policies, and procedures. In this
multiple case study research on two mining companies in Zambia, CSR knowledge
management is studied to explore how organizations can bring this knowledge into
action to improve their competitiveness. Information for this study was collected by
conducting semi-structured interviews with people involved and knowledgeable about
CSR in the two companies. The research question was answered by applying a withincase analysis and cross-case analysis. The findings show that internal and external
organizational factors, such as, stakeholder engagement, employee involvement, HRM
practices, CSR communication and organizational culture are decisive factors that
bridge the gap between knowledge management and CSR. The study confirms that
CSR activities are a variable resource that needs to be managed well to achieve the
company’s competitive advantage. The study background is Zambia, thus, when
applying the findings to other cultural and geographical settings, limitations may exist.
This thesis offers valuable information on the practical application of CSR knowledge
management in the mining sector. A significant part of the literature in the area of
strategic management has previously been studied as independent research on subjects
such as CSR and knowledge management. This study provides a new insight into the
relationship between CSR knowledge management and competitive advantage.
Keywords: Corporate Social Responsibility, Knowledge Management, Competitive
advantage, Stakeholders
Date: 27.4.2020

Number of pages: 127

Clement_Kasongo

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
First and foremost, I would like to thank Åbo Akademi University as an institution, my
supervisor Prof. Gunilla Widén for her support, valuable feedbacks and professional
guidance throughout the process of this thesis. I also give my best wishes to all those
managers who helped provide me with the research data. Special thanks to my cosupervisor Shahrokh Nikou for taking time to read through my manuscript, as well as,
Khadijah Khan for the much-appreciated support.
The writing process of the thesis was a long-term project, very unpredictable but I did it
in the end. Writing the thesis and at the same time working full-time was daunting,
especially at the time when my daughter Shemaiah-Heavenly Kasongo was born. This
taught me discipline, and in several ways pushed me. Writing this thesis has given me the
urge to learn more about Corporate Social Responsibility and how it connects with
Knowledge Management.
Finally, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my wife Schneider, my son Noah,
my daughter Shemaiah and my fantastic family and friends for providing me with
unfailing support and constant encouragement during my years of study and through the
research and writing process of this thesis. Without whom, this achievement would not
have been possible.
Thank you.

Clement Kasongo

Clement_Kasongo
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. AREA OF RESEARCH
1.2. RESEARCH PROBLEM AND RESEARCH GAP
1.3. RESEARCH PURPOSE AND RESEARCH QUESTION
1.4. LIMITATIONS
1.5. THESIS OUTLINE
2 THEORETICAL FRAMEWORKS
2.1. INTRODUCTION
2.2. HISTORY OF SUSTAINABILITY THINKING FROM A BUSINESS PERSPECTIVE
2.2.1. Conceptualization of CSR
2.2.2. Stakeholder theory
2.2.3. The pyramid of corporate social responsibility
2.2.4. Corporate social performance
2.2.5. Corporate sustainability
2.2.6. Strategic CSR
2.2.7. Defining CSR
2.3. KNOWLEDGE-BASED VIEW OF THE FIRM
2.4. KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENT
2.4.1. Knowledge
2.4.2. Defining knowledge management
2.4.3. Knowledge management and CSR
2.4.4. The role of communication
2.5. CSR IN PRACTICE
2.5.1. Company’s motivation for CSR
2.6. IMPLEMENTATION OF CSR IN AN ORGANIZATION
2.6.1. Corporate social responsiveness
2.6.2. CSR implementation stages
2.8. CSR IN THE MINING SECTOR
2.8.1. CSR in Zambia
2.9. CHAPTER CONCLUSION
3. METHODOLOGY
3.1. RESEARCH APPROACH
3.2. QUALITATIVE AS A METHODOLOGICAL CHOICE
3.3. CASE STUDY AS A RESEARCH STRATEGY
3.3.1. Case selection procedure
3.4. TIME HORIZON
3.5. DATA COLLECTION
3.5.1. Interviews
3.6. DATA ANALYSIS
4. EMPIRICAL FRAMEWORK
4.1. CASE STUDY 1: KONKOLA COPPER MINING PLC .
4.1.1. CSR activities and knowledge in the company
4.1.2. CSR knowledge management
4.1.3. CSR knowledge management as a competitive advantage
4.1.4. Management and implementation challenges of CSR
4.2. CASE STUDY 2: FIRST QUANTUM MINERALS (KALUMBILA MINERALS LIMITED)
4.2.1. CSR activities and knowledge in the company
4.2.2. CSR knowledge management
4.2.3. CSR knowledge management as a competitive advantage
4.2.4. Management and implementation challenges of CSR
5. CROSS-CASE ANALYSIS
5.1. CSR ACTIVITIES AND KNOWLEDGE IN THE COMPANY

PAGE
1
1
2
3
4
6
7
7
7
7
9
12
13
13
15
17
18
19
20
22
24
27
32
33
35
38
39
41
43
44
47
47
48
49
50
50
51
51
53
55
55
59
61
66
67
68
70
74
80
83
85
85

Clement_Kasongo
5.1.1. CSR activities
5.1.2. CSR impacts
5.1.3. Types of knowledge related CSR activities
5.2. CSR KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENT
5.3. CSR KNOWLEDGE MANAGEMENT AS A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
5.4. MANAGEMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION CHALLENGES OF CSR
6. DISCUSSION
6.1. ANSWERING THE RESEARCH QUESTION
6.2. REFLECTING RESULTS IN PREVIOUS RESEARCH
6.3. RESEARCH ETHICS
6.3.1. Credibility
6.3.2. Transferability
6.3.3. Dependability
6.3.4. Confirmability
7. CONCLUSION
7.1. THEORETICAL IMPLICATIONS
7.2. MANAGERIAL IMPLICATIONS
7.3. FUTURE RESEARCH

85
88
90
90
94
96
98
98
105
109
109
110
111
111
112
112
113
113

8. REFERENCES

114

9. APPENDICES

123

1

Clement_Kasongo
TABLES AND FIGURES
Table 1. Previous research on related CSR knowledge management
Table 2. Theoretical perspectives on CSR
Table 3. A three phase CSR cultural model
Table 4. Interview Schedule
Table 5. KCM Company facts and statistics
Table 6. Summary of KCM's CSR activities
Table 7. Company facts and Statistics (2018)
Table 8. Health-related CSR activities
Table 9. Education-related CSR activities
Table 10. Community support related CSR activities
Table 11. Livelihood related activities
Table 12. CSR knowledge related activities
Table 13. CSR knowledge management implementation challenges
Figure 1. Outline of the thesis structure

5
16
40
52
57
58
69
86
87
87
88
90
97
6

Figure 2. Stakeholder theory: an illustration of the relationship between corporate
stakeholders
10
Figure 3. The pyramid of corporate social responsibility
12
Figure 4. The triple-bottom line of sustainability
14
Figure 5. The SECI cycle of knowledge creation
22
Figure 6. Concept of knowledge management
23
Figure 7. The interaction of the element and process views of CSR knowledge
25
Figure 8. A framework of CSR communication
30
Figure 9. Motives and drivers for CSR engagement
34
Figure 10. Model of integration of CSR, integration resources and firm performance 36
Figure 11. Multi-level explanation of CSR adoption
42
Figure 12. A conceptual framework of KM and CSR towards firm competitive
advantage.
46
Figure 13. Research methodology outline
47
Figure 14. Components of data analysis: interactive model
54
Figure 15. KCM operation sites
56
Figure 16. Steps involved to integrate CSR into the business and corporate strategy 100
Figure 17. Modified conceptual framework
105

Clement_Kasongo

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. Area of research
In the recent past, rising attention has been paid by scholars and practitioners to the topic
of ‘Corporate Social Responsibility’ (CSR). As more companies internationally extend
their activities, more complicated issues emerge about how best to manage the variety of
interests, norms, laws, and expectations (Freeman, Harrison, Wicks, Parmar & Colle 2010
p. 255). CSR as a management strategy has turned out to be commonplace, formalized,
integrated, and deeply assimilated into organizational structures, policies, and practices.
Primarily by means of “business case” reasoning, CSR has been speedily adopted as a
valuable practice both to businesses and society. In addition, scholastic recognition,
enthusiasm, and proliferation are the other components driving the growth trajectory of
CSR. In many disciplines there has been an explosion of rigorous theory building and
research on the subject, and it is expected that this will continue and grow. (Carroll 2016.)
Moreover, there is a consensus among scholars that CSR is divided into three areas:
economic, environmental, and social responsibility. The Commission of European
Communities (2011) defines CSR as “a concept whereby companies integrate social and
environmental concerns in their business operations and in their interaction with their
stakeholders on a voluntary basis”. Similarly, both the corporate and stakeholders
acknowledge the importance of CSR.
CSR is a tool for companies to contribute to society. For instance, multinational
companies (MNCs) in the mining industry, particularly those operating in developing
countries (such as Zambia) are continuously scrutinized from numerous societal groups
(governments, environmental, indigenous people, and human rights movements). This
pressure is as a result of various forces, such as climate change and globalization. Owing
to this scrutiny, mining companies have progressively begun focusing on environmental,
as well as, social responsibilities to ensure their reputation is protected (Surroca, Ribo &
Waddock 2010). However, scholars have argued that there are several ways that CSR
benefits the company. For example, Tuan (2015) found a link between CSR and
entrepreneurial orientation (the degree of proactivity, innovativeness, and risk-taking in
the behaviour of an organization) that has a positive effect on the sharing of knowledge.
Similarly, Rupp, Shao, Thornton and Skarlicki (2013) studied the reactions of employees
to perceived corporate social responsibility (CSR). Their results show a positive

1

Clement_Kasongo
relationship between CSR and organizational engagement of employees. In addition,
Rupp et al. (2013) suggest that the CSR attitudes of individuals contribute favourably to
the career pursuit expectations of candidates and the citizenship behaviours of employees.
Research in this area, however, is still in its infancy.
1.2. Research problem and research gap
CSR as a concept covers a variety of issues which have grown in significance for global
business success. Being socially responsible means that corporations can now take their
obligation to allocate enough funds and other resources to allow them to gain a
competitive advantage. It is therefore not surprising that the main focus of CSR research
was on the institutional level (i.e., addressing community-related CSR activities)
(Mayondi 2014), and more recently, at the organizational level of analysis (Lee 2008),
with numerous studies focused on the relationship between CSR and firm financial
performance. In addition, a review of the literature has highlighted the macro and
institutional levels studies, leaving less done at the micro level (Glavas 2016). This study
addresses this issue by considering micro level management of CSR knowledge.
Despite increasing attention, in developing countries, particularly in Sub-Saharan African
countries (Choongo, van Burg, Masurel, Paas & Lungu 2017), there has been very limited
research on CSR. Recent studies suggest that the interpretation and application of CSR
vary across countries and time (Tilt 2016). In addition, as economies are increasingly
interconnected due to the dynamics of globalization, most developing-countries CSR
studies have adapted theories from developed-countries’ research. As stated by Tilt
(2016), many developing countries studies choose a structure for their investigation based
on those shown to be effective in explaining disclosure in developed, capitalist
economies. These studies fail to examine fully the contextual factors that affect firms and
their coverage in countries with diverse financial, political, legal and/or cultural
backgrounds. Lindgreen, Swaen, and Campbell (2010) emphasize the importance of
cultural aspects in deciding what organizations need and expect when addressing
economic, legal, ethical, and discretionary issues. This research illustrates this disparity
in the knowledge management perspective in the CSR discourse.
Furthermore, taking the scarcity of original theoretical frameworks into account, CSR
studies on developing countries need to go beyond what is known to address critical gaps.
In addition, most previous CSR studies on developing countries have shown that
2

Clement_Kasongo
companies are beginning to gain competitive advantage by being socially and/or
environmentally responsible

(e.g., Tilt

2016). Guadamillas-Gómez1, Donate-

Manzanares, and Škerlavaj (2010) note that while there is recognition of the need to
consider CSR as a fundamental part of the company's strategic activities, there are still
scarce models or frameworks that demonstrate how CSR can be permanently integrated
into business and corporate strategies.
Constantly, the world is changing at a rapid pace, and organizational awareness in taking
critical roles for survival; organisations are required to improve continually to remain "on
top of the game." Research has shown that knowledge management is essential to the
sustainable competitive advantage of a business (e.g., Hislop 2013). Practitioners and
scholarly forums have increasingly discussed topics related to a combination of CSR and
the firm's competitive strategy (Sharp & Zaidman 2010). Recent studies have therefore
concluded that the company should act strategically with respect to CSR activities.
Maxfield (2008), argues that this can be achieved by using the same structure that drives
the company's core business choices to make CSR a competitive advantage source.
However, the literature suggests that there are few, if any, empirical studies on knowledge
management within the CSR context (Glavas 2016). Morgeson, Aguinis, Waldman, and
Siegel, (2013) argue that there has been a growing interest among organizational
decision-makers in how to manage these activities and how to allocate resources to them
due to the rising demands of consumers, investors, suppliers, and workers for CSR. This
study therefore fills this gap by attempting to better understand the theoretical
underpinning of CSR in Zambia, its management and how this knowledge can be put into
practice by the organization in order to increase its competitiveness.
1.3. Research purpose and research question
In line with the preceding section, the purpose of this study is to explore CSR knowledge
management at two Zambian mining companies and how organizations can bring this
knowledge into action to improve their competitiveness. This thesis is divided into two
sections to address this issue. First, there is an overview of CSR and knowledge
management (KM) concepts from previous studies. Second, this study uses a qualitative
case study to concentrate on knowledge management at the micro-level of CSR. The
empirical case study results are evaluated against the assumptions from the literature
review. The primary research question (RQ) is therefore formulated as follows:

3

Clement_Kasongo
RQ: How does CSR knowledge management impact an organization?
To answer the central question, four sub-questions (SQ) are:
SQ1: What are the steps involved to integrate CSR initiatives into the business and
corporate strategy?
SQ2: What are the main challenges associated with implementing CSR knowledge
management initiatives in the focal organizations?
SQ3: How is CSR knowledge identified, assimilated and communicated with the
organizations?
SQ4: How can CSR knowledge management generate and sustain competitive
advantage?
Zambia has been chosen for three reasons for this analysis. First, the study is different
from other CSR studies as samples from a developing country are used (Tilt 2016).
Second, there is a gap at the micro level of investigation in CSR research (Aquinis &
Glavas 2012; Glavas 2016), particularly in sub-Saharan African countries. Finally, the
study improves understanding of CSR knowledge management in a developing subSaharan African country, Zambia, where limited research is available (Choongo et al.
2017). Furthermore, all fields (CSR and Knowledge Management) have thus far evolved
in isolation. Hence, this thesis aims to investigate whether a combination of these lines of
research can provide competitive advantages for companies. The empirical objectives of
this thesis thus, are as stated below.
To identify what CSR activities and knowledge are found in the company
To analyse how CSR knowledge is identified, assimilated, and disseminated (capturing,
sharing, and mapping of knowledge among various actors, such as employees)
To investigate how CSR knowledge management can be an opportunity to generate and
sustain the company’s competitive advantage (why does it affect employees).
To examine factors affecting the management and implementation of CSR (Institutional
theory) (how CSR is experienced by employees)
1.4. Limitations
It is important to clarify at the beginning what this study is attempting to do and is not
trying to do. This qualitative study aims to explore CSR knowledge management at two
mining companies in Zambia. According to Wiersma (2000 p. 211), since “qualitative

4

Clement_Kasongo
research occurs in the natural setting, it is extremely difficult to replicate studies”. Thus,
the results of this study cannot be generalised to all mining companies in Zambia. The
thesis also seeks to examine how organizations can implement this knowledge to enhance
their competitive advantage. Moreover, there is much debate about the terms associated
with CSR. This study, however, does not focus on expanding the debate on accurate
meanings and terminology but rather on understanding the underlying assumptions
relevant to the wider CSR as a concept. As far as the literature review is concerned, CSR
is such a broad term. Thus, the section on CSR specifically addresses the subject from the
strategic management perspective.
Additionally, compared to previous studies on the topic (see Table 1), this study is aimed
at incorporating and synthesizing both literature strands within CSR and strategic
management. This study uses the company's stakeholder theory, and knowledge-based
view (KBV) to understand micro-level CSR knowledge management.
Table 1. Previous research on related CSR knowledge management
Author
Webb (2014)

Publications
“When and How to Pursue Corporate
Social Responsibility with Core
Competencies”

Findings
CSR initiatives are most likely
successful and sustainable when a
firm accurately identifies the
benefits and costs of potential CSR
initiatives and implements them
consistent with its core
competencies.

Guadamillas-Go mez
and DonateManzanares (2011)

“Ethics and Corporate Social
Responsibility Integrated into
Knowledge Management and
Innovation Technology”

CSR initiatives have a positive
effect on competitive advantage
through the development of
intangible assets, for which KM is
an essential tool.

McWilliams and Siegel
(2001)

“Corporate Social Responsibility: A
Theory of the Firm Perspective”

There is an "ideal" level of CSR,
which managers can determine via
cost-benefit analysis, and that there
is a neutral relationship between
CSR and financial performance.

Glavas and Kelly
(2014)

“The Effects of Perceived Corporate
Social Responsibility on Employee
Attitudes”

Social responsibility has an effect
on employee attitudes beyond
environmental responsibility,
which is due to the relational
component of social responsibility
(e.g., relationships with
community).

5

Clement_Kasongo

Tuan (2015)

“From Corporate Social
Responsibility, through
Entrepreneurial Orientation, to
Knowledge Sharing A study in Cai
Luong (Renovated Theatre) Theatre
Companies”

CSR help facilitate knowledge
sharing among employees

Sharp and Zaitman
(2010)

“Strategization of CSR”

CSR strategization may be
attributed to the moral and valuecentric nature of CSR activity.

Rupp et al. (2013)

“Applicants’ and Employees’
Reactions to Corporate Social
Responsibility: The Moderating
Effects of First-Party Justice
Perceptions and Moral Identity”

Shed light on micro (employee)level CSR phenomena and offer
implications for both research and
practice.

1.5. Thesis outline
The remainder of the thesis is as follows (see Figure 1). Chapter 2 presents the studyrelevant analysis of previous CSR literature, particularly from a strategic management
point of view. The methods on which this thesis is based are discussed in Chapter 3. The
empirical framework is discussed in Chapter 4. Chapter 5 provides the outcome’s analysis
and interpretation. Chapter 6 presents further discussions and a summary of the findings.

Figure 1. Outline of the thesis structure

6

Clement_Kasongo
2 THEORETICAL FRAMEWORKS
2.1. Introduction
This chapter attempted to summarize and inspire the subject in the introductory chapter
to the study "managing corporate social responsibility." The intent of this chapter is to
link this research to previous scholarly attempts to define, evaluate and clarify CSR
knowledge management in organizations. Among the goals, this chapter will assess what
was discovered in other academic contexts, as a basis for the findings of this study.
Moreover, this chapter attempts to give previous research on the subject a general critical
evaluation. The amount of potentially relevant literature is enormous and comes from
various sources: for the purpose of this study, the review will focus on the CSR studies
linked to strategic management, with special attention given to the management of CSR
knowledge that positions an organization competitively in the industry. Next, a brief
history of sustainability thinking from a business perspective is given.
2.2. History of sustainability thinking from a business perspective
The concept of Sustainability is not new (Kidd 1992). Literature has shown a long history
and evolved over time. Perhaps notably, numerous intellectual and political currents of
thought have shaped conceptions of the historical development of sustainability (Kidd
1992 p. 3). This section of the thesis explores the context of sustainable thought from a
business perspective. It provides an overview of CSR's underlying debates and
approaches, including the theories of stakeholders and knowledge-based view of the firm,
the CSR pyramid, corporate social performance, sustainability, and strategic CSR, to
form the basis for further discussion. It should be noted in advance that a part of this
section is adapted from Takala’s (2016 p. 18-23) literature review (from the CSR
pyramid, through to strategic CSR sections). From an academic and practitioner point of
view, the concept of corporate social responsibility is then defined.
2.2.1. Conceptualization of CSR
A corporation's duty to society is a complicated and extensive subject that has for decades
been at the centre of discussion and debate (Carroll 2008). In order to explore the business
motivations and company-level activities of CSR knowledge management (such as
stakeholder engagement), one should consider what the idea of corporate social
responsibility actually entails and how it evolves.

7

Clement_Kasongo
CSR's origins could be traced back to the 20th century. A review of the literature revealed
divergent views of the exact time period and who is the concept's founder. Nevertheless,
the early findings and research on the subject are generally agreed. Some scholars, for
example, alluded to the fact that in 1917 Ford Motors practiced CSR when Henry Ford
claimed that the target was “to do as much as possible for everybody concerned, to make
money and use it, give employment and send out the car where people can use it … and
incidentally make money.” (Lee 2008 p. 54). At its inception, CSR was initially called
Social Responsibility (SR). In the 1950s, social responsibility began to emerge
throughout scientific literature according to Carroll (1999). It was first proposed by
Bowen (1953) and given its initial definition as the duties of businessmen to implement
those strategies, to make those decisions, or to follow those lines of action which are
beneficial in terms of society's goals and values (ibid p. 6). According to Bowen (1953),
in order to outperform competition, companies need to be aware of business ethics. Over
the past decades, studies have shown that CSR as a concept has endured and continues to
advance in importance and impact.
The descriptions of CSR began to appear in the 60's and 70's. Davis (1967 p. 46) claims,
in particular, that a good-performing business requires a healthy society. In other words,
a company is required to consider not only income, but also its social responsibilities. In
addition, short-term social responsibility investments are claimed to maximize long-term
gains for corporations (Davis 1960 p. 70). In fact, socially responsible activities were still
considered businessmen's responsibilities in the 60's, rather than company or organization
themselves. According to Carroll (1999), extending the development of the CSR
definition beyond economic and legal obligations implied that social responsibilities
depend, to some extent, on the degree of voluntarism.
The seventies saw an increase in social responsibility as a corporate act other than an
individual act. Given this background, many interpretations of CSR have argued that an
activity must be purely voluntary in order to be considered socially responsible; others
have argued that it also requires legal compliance; others have argued that ethics is part
of CSR; almost all definitions include business donation or corporate philanthropy as part
of CSR and many commentators just associate CSR with philanthropy and do not make
a factor in these other categories of responsibility (Carroll 2016.) Davis, however, defines
CSR as the company's consideration and response to issues beyond its narrow economic,

8

Clement_Kasongo
technical and legal requirements. He argues that, it is the duty of the firm to determine in
its decision-making process the impact of its actions on the external social environment
in such a way as to obtain social benefits along with the traditional economic gains that
the firm seeks (Davis 1973 p. 312–313). Most importantly, when it comes to social
responsibility, the emphasis is placed on firms to assume that responsibility.
Consequently, CSR appears to have shifted to a more notable term, that of social
responsibility. It is also worth mentioning from Davis’ description how CSR was related
to its ability to sustain economic gains for the company and to distinguish it effectively
from pure philanthropy.
Milton Friedman, on the other hand, joined the CSR debate in 1970, with a slightly
different idea from the one discussed above. According to Friedman (1970), an
enterprise's prime social responsibility is to maximize shareholder value. In addition, it is
in the 1970s that Moskowitz (1972) and Vance (1975) made the first attempt to
empirically prove the impact of CSR on stock performance. While empirical research on
CSR characterized the seventies and eighties, the nineties saw an evolution of various
types of themes. These included: stakeholder theory and corporate social performance
(CSP) (Carroll 1999). The stakeholder theory states that, besides shareholders,
corporations are responsible for other factors that are affected or may affect an
organization's well-being, such as employees, customers and so on (Freeman 1984 p. 25).
In other terms, contrary to Milton Friedman’s theory, organizations are obligated to
recognize their partnership with stakeholders and ensure effective operations within all
of their stakeholder categories.
2.2.2. Stakeholder theory
The ‘Friedman Theory’, also known as the stockholder principle, as the only corporate
social responsibility puts emphasis on the stockholder interest (Freeman 1984 p. 25).
From the academic literature on CSR, this inconsistency between stakeholder theory and
stockholder theory became a centre of attention.
Edward Freeman introduced the stakeholder theory in 1984. According to Freeman (1984
p. 52) stakeholder theory states that managers, ‘‘must pay attention to any group or
individual who can affect or is affected by the organization’s purpose, because that group
may prevent [the firm’s] accomplishments.’’ Furthermore, the stakeholder theory holds
the key to effective management and company’s useful, comprehensive theory in society.
9

Clement_Kasongo
Mitchell, Agle, and Wood (1997) argue that managers need to know about their
environment's influential entities (see Figure 2), those intending to impose their will on
the company. Similarly, power and urgency need to be addressed if managers are to serve
legitimate stakeholders’ legal and moral interests. Figure 2 below presents an illustration
of the relationship between corporate stakeholders.

Employees

Competitors

Local
community

Customers

Corporation

Media

Shareholders

Suppliers

Government

Figure 2. Stakeholder theory: an illustration of the relationship between corporate
stakeholders
Source: Adapted from Freedman (1984 p. 25)
In line with the stakeholder theory, Andriof, Waddock, Husted, and Rahman (2002 p. 20)
conclude that strategic partnerships are an integral part of most organizational operations
in the dynamic, unpredictable world of today. Likewise, researchers found a contrast
between the company's stakeholder theory and resource-based view (Barney 1991) to
10

Clement_Kasongo
understand the effect of a stakeholder emphasis. Most scholars argue that by responding
to the demands of stakeholders, companies can gain a competitive advantage by
developing skills and relationships with their stakeholders that, in turn, serve the firm as
valuable, rare, inimitable and non-replaceable resources (Barney 1991; Mellahi, Frynas,
Sun & Siegel 2016).
In particular, integrating and extending the resource-based view of the firm and
stakeholder management literature, it can be argued that good stakeholder management
not only enables a company with maximum profits to maintain its competitive advantage
for a longer period of time, but also, more importantly, help poorly performing companies
to recover more quickly from disadvantaged positions (Choi & Wang 2009). Choi and
Wang (2009) argue that, unlike other traditional company resources, good relations with
stakeholders will improve the flexibility of a poorly performing organization in
implementing strategic changes, thus helping the company move faster out of its
disadvantageous position.
Furthermore, if businesses are to deal successfully with the problems and relationships of
stakeholders that threaten them today, they need a better understanding of the
complexities and desires that are central to living, behaving and functioning in a
collaborative partnership network. Based on the stakeholder theory and resource-based
view of the firm, this thesis aims to provide a context for improving awareness of the
dynamics and logic of today's increased levels of stakeholder engagement (Andriof et al.
2002 p. 20). CSR operation therefore has the potential to increase not only CSR
relationships, perceptions, and recognition but also stakeholders’ intent to commit
personal resources (e.g., money, labour, etc.) for the benefit of the company. (Sen,
Korschun & Bhattacharya 2006)
In summary, stakeholder theory has developed to address issues of (I) recognizing and
managing a business in today's world (the problem of value creation and trade); (ii)
bringing together thinking about ethics, accountability, and sustainability problems with
the normal economic view of capitalism (the question of capitalism's ethics); and (iii)
understanding what managers and students need to know about what it takes to succeed
in today's business world (managerial attitude problem).

11

Clement_Kasongo
2.2.3. The pyramid of corporate social responsibility
The pyramid of CSR or as popularly known, Carroll’s CSR pyramid, is a straightforward
structure that helps explain how and why companies can fulfil their social responsibilities
(Carroll 1991). Through separating the ethical and philanthropic aspects of corporate
responsibility, Carroll extended CSR to include obligations that go beyond them, contrary
to the conventional economic and legal responsibilities of business. In this context, CSR
is defined as including “the economic, legal, ethical, and discretionary expectations
society has of organizations at a given point in time" (Carroll 1979), and divided into four
separate levels of economic, legal, ethical, and philanthropic obligation (see Figure 3).

Figure 3. The pyramid of corporate social responsibility
Source: Carroll (1991)
Carroll's CSR model outlines four forms of corporate responsibilities: economic
responsibility for profit making; legal responsibility for fulfilling the legal requirements
of the respective society; ethical responsibility for doing what is right, just and fair; and
philanthropic responsibility for “engaging in social activities that are not compulsory, not

12

Clement_Kasongo
required by law, and not generally expected of business in an ethical sense” (Carroll 1979,
1991) such as educational, recreational or cultural matters. While being one of the most
cited models, however, the CSR pyramid has been criticized for being less relevant in
other market contexts outside the United States (Visser 2008). Recent studies, for
example, have shown that this concept of CSR and how it is applied differs across
countries over time, and that it is the various business cultures that have driven the rate
of change and development in this regard (Masoud 2017). However, in his defence,
Carroll maintains that CSR pyramid’s primacy has been solidified by four powerful CSR
drivers taking hold in the 1990s and going forward. These include globalization,
institutionalization, profit-making integration and academic proliferation (Carroll 2016).
2.2.4. Corporate social performance
Another fundamental theory more closely related to the actual practice of CSR is the basis
for corporate social performance (CSP) (Carroll 1979; Wood 1991). Wood (1991),
defines corporate social performance as “the configuration of social responsibility
principles, processes of response to social requirements, and policies, programmes and
tangible results that reflect the company’s relations with society.” In other words, it is
more relevant to current corporate experience and how the corporation operates socially
in the context of its stakeholders, rather than theoretical viewpoint.
The CSP theory highlights the divergent management behaviour or "social sensitivity
ideologies" that organizations might have towards CSR. As Carroll notes, the sensitivity
of businesses to social issues will vary based on four potential management intervention
strategies, including reaction, defence, accommodation, or proaction. Specifically,
businesses can 1) reject any responsibility for social issues and remain passive even when
problems arise, 2) accept it and only do what is needed by concentrating on regulatory
compliance, 3) recognize their responsibility and meet the needs of relevant stakeholders,
or 4) expect social changes and strive to proactively go beyond industry standards.
(Carroll 1979)
2.2.5. Corporate sustainability
The sustainability idea emerged from the contexts of environmental management and
forestry, became a part of the CSR debate in the early 2000s, as business community
became increasingly interested in the concept (Carroll & Shabana 2010). According to
Brundtland (1987 p. 43), sustainable development is the ability to meet present needs
13

Clement_Kasongo
without undermining the future generations’ capacity to meet their needs. It is seen by
many as the key objective of CSR.
The applicability to three elements of life is fundamental to the concept of sustainability:
economic, environmental, and social - the triple bottom line of sustainability by John
Elkington (1997). According to Elkington, sustainability is described as a company's
ability to achieve its business goals by integrating economic, social, and environmental
incentives into corporate strategies, other than simply the profit aspect. In addition, this
model (see Figure 4) requires companies to behave in ways that are economically viable
for the long term and avoid any short-term acts that are socially or environmentally
harmful (Elkington1997).

Figure 4. The triple-bottom line of sustainability
Source: Elkington (1997)
In addition, consumers are becoming increasingly interested in the corporate world to
understand the effect of universal socio-ecological issues on the competitive result and
competitiveness of the organization (Cörvers et al. 2016). The primary indicator of the
strategic gains from sustainable ‘practices’ is the value that they generate for the company
(Burke & Logsdon 1996). Value creation refers to the readily observable source of
economic benefits the company expects to receive (Gonzalez-Padron, Hult, & Ferrell
2016). The environmental and social responsibility actions of the company clearly aid in

14

Clement_Kasongo
value creation and economic performance attainment. Studies have reported that
sustainable social practices such as eradicating poverty, regulating child labour,
empowering women, and educating disadvantaged society groups inspire retention of
workers, improve customer satisfaction, and promote productivity in companies (Longoni
& Cagliano 2016). Generally, and from a business perspective, sustainability has been
described as a company's ability to endure time, both in terms of profitability and in terms
of managing environmental and social assets that include its investments.
2.2.6. Strategic CSR
Over the years CSR has developed into a modern corporate strategy: from the
‘businessmen’ of the 50s to stakeholders and other ideas of the 90s. Research interests on
CSR among scholars, companies and global organizations have increased since then, and
increasingly by the public (Carroll 1999). Moreover, the beginning of the 21st century no
longer saw CSR as a mere subject of study among academics, but as a pressing global
issue. Arguably, "Capitalism and its destructive tendencies are manifest through its
greatest creation - the Corporation" (Gray 2010 p. 57). Considering the climate change
indirectly attributed to their activities, businesses are required to move towards a state
where they only use resources consumed at a rate below natural reproduction, or at a rate
below substitute growth.
Strategic CSR has been said to include initiatives such as CSR that provide business value
and thus create sustainable competitive advantage (McWilliams & Siegel 2011). In other
words, as opposed to pure enhancement of society, strategic CSR also aims to make good
business sense (Burke & Logsdon 1996; Porter & Kramer 2006). As Peng (2006) puts it,
“at the heart of CSR is the concept of stakeholders.” It is society or the public that is
playing an increasing role in what determines business success, and not just business
executives (Carroll 2008). The findings by Brower and Mahajan (2013) based on a
longitudinal, multi-industry sample of 447 US firms during the period from 2000 to 2007
demonstrate that firms which: (1) have greater sensitivity to stakeholder needs as a result
of the firm’s strategic emphasis on marketing and/or value creation, (2) face greater
diversity of stakeholder demands, and (3) encounter a greater degree of scrutiny or risk
from stakeholder action have a greater breadth of CSP in response to the stakeholder
landscape that they face. They concluded that organizations that consider stakeholder

15

Clement_Kasongo
needs and wishes can actually boost future opportunities, and that marketing is ideally
positioned to help meet various stakeholder demands. (ibid.)
CSR proponents also point to studies arguing that unplanned and insincere CSR is
counterproductive and risks negative connotations from their stakeholders instead (see
Carroll & Shabana 2010). Therefore, businesses are urged to follow a strategic approach
if they plan to benefit from their efforts in CSR (Luo & Bhattacharya 2009) and are
recommended to use the same policy process as any other strategic management decision
(Porter & Kramer 2006). One proposed way of discussing and analysing planned CSR
initiatives is to organize the concept into tangible social impact (e.g., pollution reduction),
social programmes (targeting firm-specific goals or needs) or social policies that direct
corporate decision-making. It is critical that CSR activities align strategically with firmlevel objectives (Orlitzky, Schmidt & Rynes 2003). Table 2 summarizes the main
arguments from the discussed theories.
Table 2. Theoretical perspectives on CSR
Approach
Agency theory

Author(s)
Friedman (1970)

Key Argument
A corporation's sole responsibility is to
maximize the profits of its shareholders.

Stakeholder
theory

Freeman (1984);
Donaldson &
Preston (1995)

The pyramid of
CSR

Carroll (1979; 1991)

The interests of other stakeholder groups,
and not just those of shareholders, should
also be taken into account by
corporations.
CSR is made up of economic, legal,
ethical and philanthropic responsibility to
society and to stakeholders.

Corporate social
performance
(CSP)

Carroll (1979);
Wood (1991)

Sustainability

Elkington (1997)

Strategic CSR

Porter & Kramer
(2006); McWilliams
& Siegel (2001); etc.

In the view of stakeholders, businesses
perform differently based on their
reactions and behaviour towards social
issues.
Industries should minimize adverse
impacts on the environment and adhere to
societal expectations to be economically
viable.
As well as providing social benefits, CSR
can be managed strategically to create
value for the company.

Source: (Adapted from Garriga & Melé 2004; McWilliams, Siegel & Wright 2006).

16

Clement_Kasongo
However, CSR strategy allows businesses to enhance their internal and external
(competitive) context by better understanding and leveraging expertise, stable
relationships with stakeholders, and creating and improving intangible resources such as
credibility or social capital (Guadamillas-Gomez1 & Donate-Manzanares 2010).
Moreover, there are important factors to consider, such as organizational culture, human
resource practices, or knowledge management systems, in order for this process to be
successfully carried out (ibid).
2.2.7. Defining CSR
Drawing from the debates from the prior sections, it can be deduced that CSR is a wellknown and widely used term in business, government, NGOs and academia, but
numerous scholars have defined it in various ways. According to Lindgreen and Swaen
(2010), CSR does not have a widely accepted academic definition. Apart from the term
"CSR" many other similar, and sometimes interchangeable concepts (such as
sustainability, stakeholder management, corporate citizenship, corporate social
performance) are also used to define the business-society partnership concept (Garriga &
Melé 2004; McWilliams, Siegel & Wright 2006; Matten & Moon 2008). Several scholars,
however, have identified shared characteristics for CSR, despite the different methods
and interpretations (Carroll 1999; Crane, Matten & Spence 2014). For example,
according to Crane et al. (2014), in most definitions certain critical CSR characteristics
appear to be replicated. First, CSR is characterized by many as a collection of voluntary
activities that go beyond legislative and regulatory requirements. Second, it is mostly
concerned with taking into account a variety of different stakeholder categories, other
than relying on shareholder interests alone. Furthermore, CSR is described by many as a
philosophy that highlights the importance and goodness of the motives behind responsible
business practices, covering all of the key business functions rather than just philanthropy
and charitable activities. (Crane et al. 2014 p. 9.)
By using these scholarly insights as the basis for this work, the study defines corporate
social responsibility as "a commitment to improving social well-being through
discretionary business practices and corporate resource contributions" (McWilliams &
Siegel 2001; Du, Bhattacharya & Sen 2010). The definition emphasizes that CSR is about
the various ways to go beyond what regulations and shareholders need to increase the
effect of corporate decisions and practices on a larger stakeholder community.

17

Clement_Kasongo
Furthermore, it also includes the idea that CSR encompasses all of the company's core
activities and procedures, in addition to those related to corporate philanthropy, including
production, supply chain management, marketing, auditing and monitoring, human
resource management (HRM), logistics, etc. (Zollo, Minoja, Casanova, Hockerts,
Neergaard, Schneider, & Tencati 2009). Accordingly, in this thesis, the term "CSR" is
used to highlight both the environmental and social aspects of corporate responsibility
equally. Similarly, a more holistic view of CSR is used in terms of commitment
motivations, since in reality businesses can decide to act and invest in CSR on the basis
of different ethical or strategic reasons (McWilliams & Siegel 2011). The theories and
concepts discussed in the preceding sections will now be presented in the following
sections.
2.3. Knowledge-based view of the firm
The knowledge-based view (KBV) of the firm assumes that firms are heterogeneous in
their resources, that these resources cannot be transferred without cost from firm to firm,
and that their characteristics partially determine firm results such as performance (Barney
1991). Consequently, managers have a primary task of acquiring, developing and
managing firm resources. Barney (1991) argues that the potential for a sustainable
competitive advantage is valuable, scarce and irreplaceable, and difficult to imitate
resources.
Michael Porter has explained a way of thinking about business since 1980 that takes the
“competitive strategy” metaphor as a central one (Freeman, Harrison, Wicks, Parmar &
Colle 2010 p. 14). Porter and Kramer (2006) proposed that companies could add to their
strategic arsenals thinking about CSR and sustainability to gain advantage. An
assumption that knowledge is an important resource for the strategic competitive
advantage of the firm is at the basis of the knowledge-based view (Grant 1997). Scholars
have distinguished between ‘explicit knowledge’ capable of articulation and ‘tacit
knowledge’ embedded in the mind of the knower and manifest in its application only.
Moreover, the knowledge-based view assumes that through the process of knowledge
sharing, individuals are the primary agents of knowledge creation. The key management
task for the organization is therefore not to accommodate divergent goals, but to create a
process by which collaborating individuals can coordinate their activities in order to
translate their expertise into productive activity. Scholars have highlighted numerous

18

Clement_Kasongo
strategies for managing a firm’s knowledge, including that sustainable competitive
advantage can be achieved by accumulating valuable knowledge stocks.
Also supporting the relationship between responsible stakeholder management and firm
performance is the resource-based view (RBV), from which the knowledge-based view
derives. According to Sussland (2001), intangible assets such as credibility and efficiency
and successful recruiting improve a company's ability to obtain and grow valuable
resources. In addition, Barney (1991) argues that market value conditions, uniqueness,
irreplaceability, and imitability, provide the business with a source of sustainable
competitive advantage. Moreover, the resource-based view of the firm also implies that
companies with an in-house capacity to build specific stakeholder-satisfying capabilities
can also benefit from competitive advantage (Russo & Fouts 1997).
The knowledge-based view and stakeholder view, as indicated earlier, can also be stated
here as being complementary rather than competing (Freeman et al. 2010 p. 118).
According to Freeman et al. (2010), knowledge-based views view firms as knowledge
bundles, while stakeholder theory views firms as stakeholder networks. Strong
competitiveness therefore requires effective management of both organizational
knowledge and stakeholder relationships, as the knowledge-based view needs completion
of stakeholder theory. Freeman et al. (2010 p.12) argue that “the only way to maximize
value sustainably is to satisfy stakeholder interests.” This thesis suggests that knowledge
of CSR activities is a valuable resource that needs to be managed well to achieve the
company's competitive advantage. According to Freeman et al. (2010 p. 95), an effective
management of both organizational resources and stakeholder relationships will result in
firm competitive advantage. Nonetheless, since the purpose of this thesis is to examine
the aspects of CSR knowledge management, it is important to understand the concept
‘knowledge’ and what constitutes its management in more details.
2.4. Knowledge management
Over the past two decades, the concept of ‘knowledge’ has gained popularity in
organizations, as well as, research. Knowledge nowadays is seen as one of an
organization's most important resource for competition (e.g., Spender & Sherer 2007 p.
6). Previous studies reveal, according to Hislop (2013 p. 2), that there are three main
hypotheses as to the significance of knowledge management in the management of their
employees by organizations. First, the fact that an immense social and economic change
19

Clement_Kasongo
took place at the end of the twentieth century, which resulted in knowledge becoming the
key asset for organizations to manage (Spender & Sherer 2007 p. 6). A second key
observation is that there has also been a significant change in the nature of work, with the
importance of intellectual work increasing significantly (Sewell 2005 p. 685-6). The
third, related key assumption is that an enterprise will likely provide a source of
competitive advantage by efficiently managing its knowledge base (e.g., Swart 2011);
profitability (Choi, Lee & Yoo 2010); and performance and other capabilities (Liu &
Philips 2011).
Studies on knowledge management reveal several different definitions and viewpoints on
the meaning of knowledge. This thesis focusses on Nonaka's analysis of the concept.
Moreover, a review of the knowledge management literature reveals that Nonaka's work
is well known in the "knowledge creation" area (e.g., Nonaka 1994; Nonaka & Takeuchi
1995). In addition, Nonaka's theory of knowledge creation focuses on innovation, product
innovation, strategic innovation and organizational innovation (Nonaka 1994 p. 14).
Nevertheless, knowing what "knowledge" is to fully assimilate the principle of
knowledge management is important at this point.
2.4.1. Knowledge
In research the concept of ‘knowledge’ and ‘information’ has been examined from a
variety of perspectives. Knowledge is defined as "justified true belief" according to
Nonaka (1994). Nonaka believes that the concept of knowledge is critical in that it is
closely linked to the "belief" of an individual (ibid). From this viewpoint, he suggests that
an individual's mind or body is the source of knowledge. Another emphasis on the
knowledge view of Nonaka is the knowing dimension of assurance or proof (Nonaka &
Takeuchi 1995 p. 26). However, central to this interpretation is the process of ‘doing’. In
other words, one not only believe what one knows, but must justify adequately what they
think they know with an objective of "truth". According to Chaffet and White (2011),
knowledge builds on a combination of theory, information, and experience.
In addition, often the terms "information" and "knowledge" have been used
interchangeably. However, Nonaka recognizes that information and knowledge (1994)
are clearly distinguishable. Information has been described as “the flow of messages,
while knowledge is created and organized by the very flow of information, anchored on
commitment and beliefs of its holder” (ibid.). Thus, it can be seen that the importance of
20

Clement_Kasongo
human action as it relates to knowledge is placed at the centre. Brown and Duguid (2000
p. 147-71), likewise, describe three major distinctions between information and
knowledge. Knowledge requires a knower; it is far harder to separate, pass and exchange
than information; and knowledge is much harder to assimilate and comprehend than
information. While these distinctions, however, have represented information as the
building blocks of knowledge, it can be argued that knowledge can also be used for
information generation (Davenport & Prusak 1998). In fact, knowledge influences the
type of information that is collected and how it is measured.
Epistemologically, Nonaka claims two kinds of knowledge exist: tacit and explicit.
Explicit knowledge is knowledge that in symbolic form and/or ordinary language can be
codified, articulated, and communicated. On the other hand, tacit knowledge is rooted in
action, practice, and participation in a particular context. This consists of both cognitive
(e.g., opinions, viewpoints) and technological. On the ontological level, Nonaka argues
that knowledge originates from an entity, then from a team, community, organization,
and onward. Nonaka believes there is a spiral relationship between tacit and explicit
knowledge (see figure 5.) that results in "new ideas and concepts" being generated
(Nonaka 1994 p. 15; Nonaka & Takeuchi 1995 p. 57). He stresses that while in
organizational departments there may be group limits, the degree to which social
interaction between individuals who possess such ideas contributes to the creation and
development of new knowledge (ibid). Figure 5 below illustrates this idea.
Nonaka thus claims that knowledge can be either form - tacit or explicit. He introduced
four modes of conversion of knowledge in his work (Figure 5.), including socialization
(tacit to tacit), externalization (tacit to explicit), combination (explicit to explicit), and
internalization (explicit to tacit) (Nonaka 1994; Nonaka & Takeuchi 1995). In addition,
the theory of Nonaka also provides an interpretation in the organization of the
"enlargement" of individual knowledge using these types. Also, circumstances were
highlighted suitable for promoting the organization's knowledge creation. These include
intention, autonomy, fluctuation, creative chaos, redundancy, and requisite variety. In
addition, Nonaka's theory provides a framework for the development of organizational
knowledge. Such steps include the exchange of tacit knowledge, the development of
concepts, the justification of concepts, the creation of a norm, and cross-level knowledge.

21

Clement_Kasongo

Figure 5. The SECI cycle of knowledge creation
Source: Nonaka and Tekeuchi (1995)
2.4.2. Defining knowledge management
Knowledge management (KM) is the deliberate and systematic planning, coordination,
encouragement, and monitoring of the organization's people, processes, and systems to
ensure that its knowledge-related assets are strengthened and employed effectively
(Dalkir 2011). Researchers agree that KM can be seen as a process (see figure 6) of
knowledge acquisition, creation, refinement, storage, transfer, sharing, and utilization of
the intellectual asset for long-term sustainability and strategic benefit (Nonaka &
Tekeuchi 1995; Dalkir 2011). Knowledge-related assets include information in the form
of printed documents, such as manuals, knowledge contained in electronic repositories,
such as a database of "best practices," knowledge of workers about the best way to do
their jobs, knowledge retained by teams working on focused problems and knowledge
embedded in the products of the company, processes and relationships.
According to Lapiņa, Maurāne, and Stariņeca (2014), KM is concerned with people in
the same way as with information technology, and how they acquire and disseminate
knowledge. They argue that to improve organizational effectiveness, getting knowledge
from those who have it to those who need it is the fundamental element of KM (see Figure

22

Clement_Kasongo
6). In fact, the KBV (see section 2.3.) notes that knowledge is the key to organizational
success in today's information age, rather than physical assets or financial resources.

Knowledge management

Systimic
organizational
process
(integrated
approach)

- identifying
- creating
- acquiring
- sharing
- using/applying
- capturing
- developing

Promotional of
organizational
performance

Knowledge

Enhancement of
learning and
performance in
the organization

Gaining and
sustaining a
competitive
advantage

Figure 6. Concept of knowledge management
Source: Adapted from Lupina et al. (2014)
In the context of sustainability, the KM concept used in this thesis corresponds to the KM
relationship. The exchange of information on a wider scale within this concept is
important for the viability of competitive advantage of the firm. KM can play an
important role in this respect, because of its ability to facilitate CSR related
information/knowledge sharing among stakeholders. According to Clarkson (1988),
stakeholder theory stresses that the sustainability and success of companies depends on
the ability of the company to generate sufficient income, interest or satisfaction for its
primary stakeholders, but not solely for shareholders. For instance, Post, Frederick,
Lawrence, and Weber (1996, as cited in Maon, Lindgreen & Swaen 2009) find the
primary stakeholders to be those whose direct relationships are necessary for the company
to fulfil its task of providing goods or services for clients. Secondary stakeholders include
social and political figures who support the project by tacitly approving the actions of the
organization, thus making them appropriate, and giving credibility to the organization.
These secondary stakeholders may include local communities, Governments and NGOs.

23

Clement_Kasongo
2.4.3. Knowledge management and CSR
Regardless of the company’s aim, organizational change evolves around the processes of
knowledge creation and sense-making. Drawing from the discussions from the prior
section, acquiring and retaining its competitive advantage is crucial for the growth of an
organization in today's competitive world. Moreover, since new knowledge is needed to
bring about change, a knowledge management-based approach to CSR would provide a
valid perspective on how traditional ways of running a business (Friedman 1970) give
way to a more comprehensive consideration of the role of business in society (Preuss &
Córdoba (2009).
CSR does not have a single strategy that suits all companies. Each company has a unique
approach to CSR. Lapina et al. (2014) argues that the main organizational stakeholders
need to be identified from the outset for the development and implementation of the social
responsibility plan in order to ensure the effective and sustainable operation of the
business. Further, they suggest building quality relationships by identifying the interests
and needs of each stakeholder, as well as, the related challenges and choosing the most
appropriate strategy of cooperation with each one of them. Moreover, such a plan and
corresponding actions will ensure the parties’ cooperation and the company’s successful
operation, which in turn will lead to competitive advantage (ibid).
Preuss and Córdoba (2009) differentiates CSR into the two KM perspectives of elements
and processes (see Figure 7). This differentiation enables scholars to define elements
necessary to create a potentially successful CSR programme, as well as, to highlight
activities necessary to connect such a programme to core organizational activities and
structures (ibid). Generally, the element view illustrates a number of explicit knowledge
organizations need for reference when designing and implementing their CSR strategy. It
includes CSR practitioners’ technical knowledge as well as elements of CSR knowledge
that exist in other departments such as human resources, external affairs, marketing, or
supply chain management. Where internal knowledge of CSR is found to be lacking, an
element view of KM will help to identify the gaps to be filled by external experts in CSR.
Therefore, the static element view of KM illustrates the significant degrees of CSR
knowledge experience in codification and standardization (e.g., Nonaka & Tekeuchi
1995). Codifying explicit knowledge helps to gather, store and disseminate information
on CSR which, according to Preuss and Córdoba (2009), allows for greater comparability

24

Clement_Kasongo
across organizations and sectors, which in turn has enabled the development of targets
and indicators for key CSR impact areas. Conversely, an emphasis at KM's view of
elements will contribute to a compliance-driven approach to CSR (ibid).

Precursors of CSR
knowledge

Element view of CSR
knowledge
Absorption aided by:
-

Prior CSR knowledge
Overlapping CSR
knowledge

Process view of CSR knowledge
Application aided by:
-

Content of CSR
knowledge

Elements of CSR knowledge
-

Outcomes of CSR
knowledge

technical CSR
knowledge
CSR knowledge held
by other functions

Outcomes of CSR element
knowledge
-

Codification and
standardisation of
CSR knowledge
Top-down imposition
(e.g., on supply
chains)
Comparability of
CSR performance

Organisation-wide
support
Political skills of CSR
staff
legitimacy

Process of CSR knowledge
-

New way of working with
internal and external
stakeholders
Co-location of decisionmaking on CSR

Outcomes of CSR process
knowledge
-

Stakeholder dialogue
Communication of CSR
performance
Self-development of
organisational members
and external stakeholders

Figure 7. The interaction of the element and process views of CSR knowledge
Source: Adapted from Preuss and Córdoba (2009)
In comparison, Preuss and Córdoba (2009) contend that the process view of KM stresses
the efforts required to generate CSR organizational buy-in. From this viewpoint, a shift
to organizational sustainability means a new way of working with key external
stakeholders and within the company. In addition, communication flows which combine
top-down with bottom-up communication patterns are required. The process view
highlights the need for CSR's political skills advocates to generate organizational support
to integrate social and environmental externalities into corporate strategy. (ibid.)
Identifying, nurturing and fostering communities of practice (Wenger 1998; Hislop 2013)
is a key strategy in KM's process-oriented view.
25

Clement_Kasongo
According to Wenger (1998 p. 83), Communities of practice (CoP) is defined as “groups
of people who share a concern or a passion for something they do and learn how to do it
better as they interact regularly”. The CoP literature closely relates to the practice-based
perspective on knowledge, as it assumes that the knowledge people have is embedded in
and inseparable from (collectively based) activities that people carry out (Hislop 2013 p.
155). Moreover, the informality of these communities is as a result of social interactions
that are a necessary part of the work that people undertake. According to Preuss and
Córdoba (2009), such systems could also be a crucial point of entry for CSR matters.
Accordingly, CoP participants not only have a pool of common knowledge but also a
shared sense of identity and common values that overlap. According to Hislop (2013 p.
159), the simultaneous presence of these elements enables processes of knowledge, as
they simplify the communication of knowledge that is inherently sticky (tacit
knowledge). Moreover, it can be argued that, first, the presence of these three elements
makes it easier to understand the beliefs and principles taken for granted, which underpin
tacit knowledge. Second, the presence of these elements is likely to generate and maintain
trust-based relationships, creating social conditions conducive to the exchange of
information. (ibid.)
The above discussions further points to the questions highlighted by Siltaoja (2014).
According to Siltaoja, social change developments present an interesting challenge for
CSR and the development of knowledge, and thus posing the following questions: if
knowledge about social change and how to address social problems is not shared but
remains private, will social change be achieved? Therefore, can social and environmental
ills be a corporate responsibility priority if the information on how to solve these problems
remains private? (Siltaoja 2014). Siltaoja argues that well-managed stakeholder
relationships both allow knowledge development and generate knowledge about specific
challenges to sustainability. He, however, posits that CSR makes strategic knowledge use
even more stakeholder-dependent by managing and reacting to various stakeholder
groups’ expectations (Siltaoja 2014). Conversely, Maon, Lindgreen and Swaen (2010)
claim that, while CSR is often an important strategic strategy for the organization, few
systematic models examine the transition of current strategic strategies, organizational
culture and practices to a CSR context. Therefore, this study contributes to the debate by
examining the management of CSR knowledge in two mining companies in Zambia.

26

Clement_Kasongo
2.4.4. The role of communication
This section’s main aim is to review, study and synthesize the current CSR
communication literature to provide insights into how organizations can more efficiently
communicate their CSR activities (Du, Bhattacharya & Sen 2010). It should be noted that
some ideas in this section are developed from Takala’s (2016 P. 49-57) thesis work (e.g.,
the stakeholder awareness and engagement in CSR, message content, and message
channels sections).
Based on the discussions of the previous sections, it is clear that businesses are
increasingly using CSR activities to put their corporate brand in the minds of consumers
and other stakeholders, such as their annual reports (Sweeney & Coughlan 2008) and
websites (Maignan & Ralston 2002). Among other factors, the CSR disclosure and
reports provide organizations with a good reputation in today's increasingly competitive
global market. Literature review has shown that, the manner in which the corporation
applies its ethical principles and values to its operations and how they are disseminated
and communicated through the corporate network impacts the relationships with them all
(shareholders and other creditors, consumers, vendors, staff or the wider community).
(Guadamillas-Gómez1, Donate-Manzanares & Škerlavaj 2010). Accordingly, previous
studies with real stakeholders showed that knowledge among external and internal
stakeholders of a company's CSR activities is typically low, thereby constituting a major
drawback in the company's pursuit to gain strategic benefits from its CSR activities
(Bhattacharya et al. 2008; Du et al. 2007; Sen et al. 2006). Nevertheless, recent studies
have shown that, communicating about social activities does not always benefit the
communicating organization, particularly because communication with CSR can trigger
scepticism and cynicism among stakeholders (Lindgreen & Swaen 2010). This study aims
to show that some form of communication of CSR expertise is essential for sustained
performance of the company.
Allen and Craig (2016) describe communication as more than a tool to create a favourable
corporate image, in order to gain or maintain credibility. It is the means of creating and
disseminating sustainability-related CSR programmes within companies and among their
key stakeholders (i.e., states, societies, rivals, supply chains, and employees). (ibid.) In
line with corporate culture, the results of Brunton, Eweje and Taskin (2017) highlight the
need not only to connect with internal stakeholders using preferred approaches, but also

27

Clement_Kasongo
to turn the organizational culture towards one that raises awareness of initiatives,
including those of employees, which will increase participation in CSR programmes and
increase engagement with the organization. In addition, internal and external stakeholders
may benefit from the process of collecting data and writing sustainability reports. These
reports provide a framework for explaining the principles and governance model of an
organization and demonstrating how the corporate strategy represents its contribution to
CSR and/or sustainability. (Allen & Craig 2016.)
Drawing from the constructionist point of view as based on the information use element
of information behaviour, Tuominen and Savolainen (1997) take the ‘discursive action’
approach asserting that human reality is persons in conversation. They argue, "the study
of information use cannot be considered in terms of an isolated individual or outside a
specific context. Instead, it must focus on the social context, interaction, and the discourse
through which the sharing of information occurs." (ibid p. 89.) Unlike the cognitive
approach which looks at an individual model of the world through knowledge structures,
the social approach argues that people "construct versions of reality between [them]
selves and that knowledge is something people do together rather than [as] an individual
possession" (Tuominen & Savolainen 1996 p. 83). Moreover, Dervin (1991, as cited in
Pettigrew, Fidel & Bruce 2001) asserts that there cannot exist any information unless a
human subject (or human subjects together) constructively makes sense of the received
messages. Overall, the "social approach" to information behaviour can be helpful
practically in the development of knowledge management systems as research has shown
that individual knowledge is an important organizational resource, but it the collaborative
knowledge that determines the organization’s sustainable competitive (e.g., Hoopes &
Postrel (1999 p. 838). Moreover, knowledge sharing requires a comprehensive amount of
social interaction and face-to-face communication (Hislop 2013 p. 42). Similarly, an
employee needs to develop, share and communicate knowledge by working on a task or
closely observing a work colleague carrying out a particular task.
Stakeholder awareness and engagement in CSR
According to Du, Battacharya and Sen (2010), building stakeholder awareness and
managing stakeholder attributions to the CSR initiatives of an organization are crucial
requirements for gaining the strategic benefits of CSR. Forehand and Grier (2003) argue
that stakeholders do not react negatively to extrinsic CSR as such but react negatively to

28

Clement_Kasongo
marketing strategies that tend to be coercive or misleading. They argue that it is, thus,
important for managers to have a deeper understanding of key CSR communication
issues, which include: concerns about what to communicate (message content), where to
communicate (message channel), as well as, an awareness of specific factors influencing
the efficacy of CSR communication for the organization and stakeholders. A

key

challenge in the design of an effective communication strategy for CSR is how to
minimize stakeholder scepticism and communicate beneficial corporate motivations
within the CSR activities of an organization.
Message content
According to Du et al. (2010, as cited by Takala 2016), a CSR message from a company
can be directly linked to a social cause or to the particular interest of a company in a social
cause (such as a message on climate change by a mining company). Accordingly, the
company should emphasize the importance of the social issue and demonstrate a lack of
self-interest by selecting topics that are not logically linked to the operations of the
organization, alleviating the suspicions of customers about further motivations and
improving the advertising's credibility (Menon & Kahn 2003). Moreover, Du et al. (2010)
also suggest other factors (see Figure 8), such as, an organisation’s commitment to a
cause, its effect on the cause, motive for CSR, and the congruity between the cause and
the operations of the organization (CSR fit) as important contents of a credible message.
Message channels
There are a number of communication channels through which knowledge about a
company's CSR programmes or record can be disseminated (Du et al. 2010). Accordingly,
an organisation can communicate its CSR activities through ofﬁcial documents, annual
reports or press releases, and websites; TV commercials, magazines or banners, and
product packaging can also be used to convey the CSR programmes (ibid). Besides formal
channels, Du et al. (2010) suggests that companies should try to encourage informal and
reliable channels of communication among stakeholders, such as word-of-mouth.
Dawkins (2004), for example, stressed that organizations should not underrate employee
power and reach as CSR communicators. Studies on employee engagement by Dawkins
(2004) found that about one-third of employees have encouraged someone to use their
business because they have acted responsibly. Because employees usually have broad
reach among other stakeholder groups through their social ties and are often considered

29

Clement_Kasongo
a source of credible information, companies should ‘fine-tune’ their internal
communication strategy for CSR and find ways to engage employees and turn them into
CSR advocates for companies (ibid).
CSR COMMUNICATION

CONTINGENCY FACTORS

COMMUNICATION OUTCOMES

Message content

Stakeholder characteristics

Internal outcomes

Issue

Stakeholder Types

Awareness

Importance

Issue Support

Attributions

Initiative

Social Value Orientation

Attitudes, Identification

Commitment, Impact

Trust

Motives, Fit
External outcomes
Message channel

Consumers

Corporate

Purchase, Loyalty, Advocacy

CSR report

Company Characteristics

Employees

Corporate Website

Reputation

Productivity, Loyalty

PR

Industry

Citizenship Behaviour, Advocacy

Advertising

Marketing Strategies

Investors

Point of Purchase

Amount of Invested Capital, Loyalty

Independent
Media Coverage
Word-of-Mouth

Figure 8. A framework of CSR communication
Source: Du et al. (2010, adapted from Takala 2016 p. 55)
Moderators of communication: company-specific factors
Prior CSR research revealed two factors that have influence on the effectiveness of CSR
communication (Du et al. 2010). These factors include corporate reputations, which has
been defined as “a collective representation of a ﬁrm’s past actions and results that
describes the ﬁrm’s ability to deliver valued outcomes to multiple stakeholders”
(Gardberg & Fombrun 2002); and CSR positioning, which according to Du et al. (2010)
refers to the degree to which a business positions itself, compared to competition, in the
minds of customers, in its CSR activities. Corporate reputation includes various aspects,
including product quality, innovation, investment value, people management, and CSR
(ibid). According to Fombrun and Shanley (1990), reputation can influence the efficacy
of CSR communication, as it often serves as an established scheme on which stakeholders
depend to view vague company information including its CSR activities. According to
Yoon et al. (2006), companies with a good reputation, considered to have high source
30

Clement_Kasongo
credibility, would most likely have positive effects from their CSR communications
increased, whereas the results of CSR communication will be dampened or even
backfired in the case of companies with bad reputations.
In line with CSR positioning, Du, Bhattacharya and Sen (2007), argue that, considering
that the business has taken the relatively unusual and perhaps risky approach of
positioning itself on CSR rather than superficially participating in such activities,
Stakeholders are not only likely to pay more attention to their CSR message but also to
trust in the validity of their CSR activities, leading to greater support for the organization.
Moderators of communication: Stakeholder-specific factors
Du et al. (2010) highlighted three stakeholder-specific factors found to have an effect on
CSR communication. First, stakeholder type has an influence on CSR communication
due to diverse expectation by stakeholders concerning CSR and information need.
Therefore, Organizations should use a variety of communication channels or, instead,
concentrate on one or two highly important platforms to efficiently reach the general
public. Second, they argue that the degree to which stakeholders support the issue of a
company's CSR initiative can impact the efficacy of CSR communication because it
relates to the willingness of stakeholders to process CSR information. According to
Bhattacharya and Sen (2004), the awareness and knowledge of individuals about a social
issue also leads to greater support for that particular issue. For this purpose, organizations
need to clarify and convey the value of the focal issues of their social programmes to
improve the support of stakeholders’ concerns (Du et al. 2010). Another way to increase
issue support is to directly involve stakeholders in the CSR effort, soliciting input from
stakeholders in choosing which social issue to help, or which non-profit organization to
engage. Lastly, social value orientation, deﬁned according to Van Lange, Agnew,
Harinck and Steemers (1997) as an individual’s “stable preferences for certain patterns
of outcomes for oneself and others”, will also influence the efficacy of CSR
communication, due to the motivation of stakeholders to process CSR information (Du et
al. 2010). Pro-socials or “CSR advocates” are often more supportive of CSR programmes
by companies in general and are of course more open to CSR communication. In addition,
communication is more productive among workers who support and respect CSR more,
as a concept, and less effective among people who do not (Du et al. 2010). Moreover,
CSR initiatives should start at “home” - within the organization - as employees are the

31

Clement_Kasongo
connectors to the outside stakeholders. Similarly, Spiller (2000 p. 154) summarized the
employee perspective on CSR as an inclusion of fair remuneration, effective
communication, learning and growth opportunities, fulfilling work, a healthy and secure
work atmosphere, equitable job opportunities, job protection, competent leadership,
community spirit [and] social mission integration.
2.5. CSR in practice
Because of the demand from socio-economic actors on organizations to demonstrate their
economic, legal, ethical and discretionary existence, CSR has become a primary concern
of contemporary business (Maon et al. 2010). Similarly, the lack of consistency on the
substance of CSR is said to be even more prevalent among business practitioners (Wood
1991), since in practice it is difficult to conceptualize the vast array of different policies
and programmes frequently classified under CSR. Thus, one may tend to ask what
corporate social responsibility for companies really is, or which particular practices
pertain to CSR? In business practice, Elkington's (1997) triple bottom line model (see
Figure 4 on page 16) of economic, social, and environmental sustainability is said to be
the most common concept demonstrating the wide range of CSR policies and activities
(Garriga & Melé 2004). Nevertheless, these elements can apply to a host of different
activities and areas, from good governance to environmental management to various
HRM practices. In their study, Rangan, Chase, and Karim (2015) categorized
organizations’ traditional CSR practices into three different avenues of practice:
philanthropy-focused projects (e.g., community development), organizational efficiencyenhancing programmes (e.g., lowering costs through eliminating resource use or
increasing productivity by improving working conditions) and business model
development practices (creating new ways of addressing social or environmental
challenges) (Rangan et al. 2015). In the Zambian context, Masoud's (2017) research found
that most CSR activities are associated with different forms of interaction and awareness
to the local and wider community.
Nonetheless, it should be noted that the CSR content is very context-specific (Tilt 2016).
According to Tilt, different political, social cultural, and economic environments impact
on both the development and reporting of CSR activities. Moreover, it can also be said
that practices defined as CSR vary depending on which part of the overall value chain the
company operates – firms further up the value chain will define it differently from those

32

Clement_Kasongo
closer to the consumer (O'Connor & Shumate 2010). Furthermore, it is important to note
that organizations can have divergent focus areas and motivations for CSR, which then
push them to differently interpret and define the concept.
2.5.1. Company’s motivation for CSR
As noted at the outset, progressively businesses are beginning to acknowledge corporate
social responsibility and sustainability issues as corporate strategy. However, there are a
variety of reasons why corporations should get involved in CSR. This section addresses
the different external and internal factors, and other catalysts influencing organizations
and managers to make decisions about the degree and form of CSR action (see Takala
2016).
As stipulated earlier, the forces pushing companies to recognize their impact on society
emerged from the external market demands and expectations of various stakeholders
(Bhattacharyya, Sen & Korschun 2008). For most companies, this is still the case, as the
motivation and need to pursue CSR initiatives still comes from outside the firm (Kiron,
Kruschwitz, Haanaes, & Velken 2012). Vogel (2005 p. 2) claims that, in the absence of
legal requirements, certain companies choose to behave more responsibly for political,
defensive, or altruistic reasons. This is based on the premise that companies achieve a
competitive advantage by integrating non-economic factors (Porter & Kramer 2006),
differentiating themselves from competitors and building a better image and reputation
(Fombrun & Shanley 1990), and increasing consumer confidence and employee positive
attitudes and behaviour (Rupp et al. 2006). From these principles, companies realize that
designing and implementing CSR programmes offers a win-win scenario to the business
and its culture (Maon, Lindgreen & Swaen 2009).
However, such external factors or market forces for CSR are often linked to the multiple
megatrends driving sustainability and corporate socially responsibility actions in general,
such as globalization, resource scarcity or climate change, or other demands from specific
stakeholder groups (Crawford & Scaletta 2005). The drivers of stakeholder expectations
may include, for example, increased government regulation related to environmental or
social conditions, international standards and CSR metrics (such as specific CSR
measures, rankings, and indexes), peer pressure from CSR-active rivals, increased
consumer demand for socially responsible goods, or investor advocacy in the context of

33

Clement_Kasongo
socially responsible investment (SRIs) (McWilliams & Siegel 2001; Porter & Kramer
2006).
Often, businesses may have various internal explanations for participating in CSR.
Previous research suggests that, the internal motivations and justifications for CSR at the
company level can be divided into two general categories, moral (non-instrumental) and
business (instrumental) motives. In other words, there may be a normative case for
businesses to participate in CSR, characterized by the desire to do good and what is
regarded as ethically appropriate and reasonable, or the company's reasons that contribute
to the CSR business case, demonstrating the enlightened self-interest. Nonetheless, in
reality, the company's actual CSR responses and behaviour will represent a combination
of ethical values and financial motives (Smith 2003).
Global trends
(e.g., Globalization, resource scarcity, multiculturism, etc.)

BUSINESS MOTIVES “The business case”

Suppliers
B2B customer
demands/risks

External drivers

Catalysts

Consumers
Market demand for
CSR

Shared value
creation

NGOs etc.
International
standards, CSR
metrics, indexes

Strategic
competitive
advantage

Shareholders
Investor activism

Corporate
reputation

STAKEHOLDERS
Competitors
Peer pressure (rivals
active in CSR)

Operational
effectiveness

COMPANY
Internal motive
ETHICAL MOTIVES “The normative case”

Defensive risk
management

STAKEHOLDERS
Governments
Increased regulations
and requirements

Internal drivers

Figure 9. Motives and drivers for CSR engagement
Source: (Adapted from Takala 2016 p. 28)
Apart from the external factors and internal motivations of CSR involvement, multiple
catalysts are examined to either promote or prevent CSR behaviour in practice.
Whichever approach to categorization one applies, the emphasis and commitment of the
top management teams is important to extract the expected benefits from CSR (Lam,
Kraus, & Ahearne 2010). Similarly, Lynes and Andrachuk (2008) argue that companies
need to be financially viable, show sufficient support and commitment from senior

34

Clement_Kasongo
management, and nurture a common organizational culture that supports the
implementation of corporate responsibility or sustainability thinking. Carrol and Shabana
(2010) recommend breaking CSR strategies into one or more of the following: (1)
investment and risk reduction; (2) improving integrity and reputation; (3) identifying
competitive advantages; and (4) building win-win situations by increasing shared value
(Carroll & Shabana 2010). Ultimately, these external, internal, and mediating powers
eventually form the CSR-related organizational responses and actions as shown in the
Figure 9.
2.6. Implementation of CSR in an organization
The prior sections of the study addressed the importance of aligning CSR strategies with
the company's stakeholder objectives, as well as, strategic goals (see Guadamillas-Gómez
& Donate-Manzanares 2011). Yet, in fact, what does this mean? Which types of
approaches can managers use to introduce and execute strategic CSRs to outperform
others? The incorporation of CSR concepts into current operations and procedures
involves deliberate management and planning, as in any other process of change (Rangan
et al. 2015). Although CSR now appears as a major dimension of contemporary business
activity (Kotler & Keller 2009), the dynamic and practical aspects of implementing a CSR
strategy within an organization have emerged in literature only recently (see Lindgreen
et al. 2009). For example, while some authors claim that adoption of CSR occurs through
either incremental or transformative organizational change processes (Dunphy, Griffiths
& Benn 2003), others argue that change occurs through dramatic, disruptive approaches
(Doppelt 2003), in which "managers will radically reconsider their dominant views on
policy, technology and markets" (Hart & Milstein 1999 p. 32).
Nevertheless, in today's advancing global world, CSR development requires
organizational members, both individually and collectively, to make sense of the concept
of CSR and internalize CSR values at all levels (Basu & Palazzo 2008). According to
Andriof and Waddock (2002), in order to successfully incorporate CSR, managers need
to build bridges with their stakeholders in achieving common goals and persuading them
to support the strategic direction chosen by the organization through formal and informal
dialogs and collaborative practices. In their study to provide an overview of how
businesses could incorporate ethical values and corporate social responsibility initiatives
(CSRs) into their corporate and business strategies, Guadamillas-Gómez and Donate-

35

Clement_Kasongo
Manzanares (2011) proposed a model (see Figure 10) that includes features of
organizational innovation. The model suggests that the first step for "strategization" of
CSR (see Sharp & Zaitman, 2010) is a strategic approach focused on ethical leadership,
review of stakeholders and consideration of general company-level objectives.
Thereafter, those programmes are communicated to the stakeholders concerned and
impacted by their consequences. Consequently, these decisions are implemented, which
results in environmental, economic, and social outcomes.

ESTABLISHMENT OF
THE CSR STRATEGY

CSR STRATEGY
DETARMINANTS

-Communication
-Implementation

INTERNGABLE
RESOURCES

Managers’ ethical
posture

Culture and
Leadership

Stakeholders’
influence

Knowledge
Management

Strategic,
organisational, and
human development
objectives

ASSESSMENT AND CONTROL:
PERFORMANCE
-Financial performance
-Human development

Innovation
Human capital

Figure 10. Model of integration of CSR, integration resources and firm performance
Source: Adapted from Guadamillas-Gómez and Donate-Manzanares (2011)
Scholars have proposed various models to help in the implementation and application of
corporate social responsibility within an organisation (Bhattacharyya et al. 2008; Maon
et al. 2009; Smith 2003). Results of most of the presented models show a categorization
as that of the Deming's (1986) PDCA cycle (Plan-Do-Check-Adapt) or Lewin's (1951)
change model (Unfreeze-Move-Refreeze) and expanded to include the primary stages of
creating a CSR-friendly organizational environment. This study utilises the seven-stage
consolidated CSR development model by Maon et al. (2010). The model revolves around
three cultural phases (CSR reluctance, CSR grasp and CSR embedding) and highlights
both the underlying rationales for and the key dimensions of CSR development. First, the
consolidated model stresses that the development of CSR implies a deep understanding
and integration of the moral and cultural evolution demanded by CSR. This assumption
stems from Berger, Cunningham and Drumwright’s (2007) the idea that organizational
culture shapes the context in which organizations design and operationalize their strategy
36

Clement_Kasongo
and policies and has a significant influence on the development of CSR within the
organization. Second, the model specifically acknowledges the strategic value of CSR
implementation and stresses that a stakeholder culture (which represents a key element
of influence in the growth of a CSR-supported organizational culture) greatly influences
the organization's sensitivity to social issues and thus promotes or prevents the
development of CSRs. The model offers a concise framework from a strategic perspective
that stakeholders and managers can use to determine where their company is in the
process of CSR growth.
Building on existing CSR-related conceptualisations and in line with the stakeholder and
organizational culture-cantered CSR perspective adopted herein, Maon et al. (2010)
characterize CSR as (1) a stakeholder-oriented concept that involves (2) an organization's
voluntary obligations related to (3) problems within and beyond that organization's
borders, and (4) that are informed by the organization's awareness and appreciation of its
moral responsibilities with respect to the impacts of its operations and processes on
society. In collaborative terms, they re-emphasize the duty and moral obligation to
consider the power of corporate control, as well as, that of the organization's own
perception and appreciation of its moral duties towards stakeholders and the social issues
it conveys to the organization. Their approach also emphasizes both the cultural and the
strategic dimensions of the cycle of CSR growth. Doppelt (2003) defined organizational
cultures as storehouses of information, knowledge and know-how that can support CSR
efforts or spoil them. In this sense, the development of a CSR-supportive, value-driven
culture is a major challenge on the road to CSR, since the existence and progressive
growth of a CSR-supportive organizational culture is an important resource for the further
CSR development of the company.
Additionally, an organization's existing culture is essentially a structure that provides
guidance on topics such as how work is done, how people think, and behaviour
expectations (Maon et al. 2010). It also determines the context in which organizations
understand and implement activities and strategies (Ghobadian & O'Regan 2006) and
significantly affects the potential CSR development of the organization. Moreover, from
a stakeholder perspective, Maon et al. (2010) believe that the beliefs, behaviours and
behavioural patterns within an organization, which fundamentally define the way it
incorporates statements of stakeholders, reflect the degree to which the organizational

37

Clement_Kasongo
culture can support the development of CSR policies and initiatives within an
organization. In addition, the extent to which an organizational culture adopts or rejects
self-interests in favour of other-related feelings is the culture of stakeholders. Based on
this conceptualization, Jones, Felps and Bigley (2007) develops a typology of corporate
stakeholder cultures that involves a spectrum of consideration for others, varying from
self-relevant to other-related. Their five categories of stakeholder culture also involve
distinct stakeholder-related and moral bases. Table 3 highlight the key features of each
stakeholder culture recognize.
A culture of amorality or agency shows no concern for others and is based on pure
managerial egoism. Corporate egoistic and instrumentalistic stakeholder cultures
represent limited morality cultures that exist under the umbrella of "moral stewardship."
Other cultures only extend to shareholders in the corporate egoistic culture; other
stakeholders are included to the extent that they benefit from this. These factors only
apply to shareholders in the corporate egoistic community; they include other
stakeholders to the degree that this helps shareholders in the instrumentalist society.
Lastly, the moralistic and altruistic cultures display concern for the welfare of normative
stakeholders as a primary motivation, making them essentially moral cultures. Moralistic
culture concerns all other stakeholders, while altruistic culture is not. Similarly, the
specific principles and values underlying a particular stakeholder culture may have a
strong influence on the complexity and sophistication of the methods used to maintain
the relationships of the company as well as on the interactions with stakeholders (Hatch
1993). Accordingly, depending on the culture of the stakeholders, members of an
organization are likely to apprehend their environment, decisions and actions more or less
focused on the stakeholders. Maon et al. (2010) contend, therefore, that there are
contingent relationships between an organization's dominant stakeholder culture and its
propensity and ability to respond to social expectations, which in turn dictates the nature
and scope of the CSR commitment and development.
2.6.1. Corporate social responsiveness
Organizations take different approaches to manage stakeholder groups. Carroll (1979)
suggests a variety of social responsiveness ranging from doing nothing to doing a lot of
responses to characterizing the extent to which managers respond to their environment's
social expectations. According to Wilson (1975), a corporate social responsiveness

38

Clement_Kasongo
strategy could be reactive, defensive, accommodative or proactive. A reaction strategy
involves resistance or opposition, by either fighting against the wishes of a stakeholder
or leaving and avoiding the stakeholder entirely (Jawahar & McLaughlin 2001).
However, defensive-strategy organizations tackle the aspirations of stakeholders to avoid
being coerced into it by outside forces (Joyner & Payne 2002 p. 300), for example, legal,
regulatory, or social demands. Accommodation, on the other hand, is a more aggressive
mode: organizations discuss existing social problems, take responsibility for problem
behaviours, and take concrete action to correct them. Organizations that follow a
voluntary approach to dealing with social issues act before outside forces can compel
them to do so. Lastly, Jawahar and McLaughlin (2001 p. 400), define proactivity as doing
much to address the issues of a stakeholder, like anticipating and deliberately identifying
complaints or heading an industry initiative. A successful company works productively
to avoid potential challenges and to address existing issues or defend against unethical
behaviour.
Clarkson (1995) compares the social responsiveness approaches and the organization's
obligations with the principle of attitude, or the level of responsibility displayed by an
organization in handling the interests and interactions of its stakeholders. Positions relate
to the character of the organization in its interactions, so instead of characterizing the
nature of the response, posture is related to how the response is made (Basu & Palazzo
2008; Wood 1991). Thus, an organization's responsive posture evolves as it faces new
challenges (Mirvis 2000). According to Clarkson (1995), a reactive stance indicates a
denial of CSR, while a defensive stance is linked to admitting responsibility but fighting
it. With a proactive approach, the organization accepts responsibility and adopts a
constructive stance from which the organization can foresee its obligation.
2.6.2. CSR implementation stages
Literature on stage models of CSR development often use different terminologies, rely
on somewhat unrelated theoretical premises and suggest inconsistencies in the number,
articulation and substance of the successive stages of the organization they emphasize
(Maon et al. 2010). Nevertheless, these models illustrate reconcilable logics, if not
identical, and create parallel implications for organizations. They define a trend related
to CSR in all situations, consisting of a radical incorporation of social concerns into the
decision-making processes of the organizations. The emphasis for this study will be on

39

Clement_Kasongo
the consolidative model of Maon et al. (2010), which derive from the premise that the
CSR creation state of an organization represents certain characteristics of its cultural,
moral, strategic and organizational characteristics. Maon et al. (2010) argue that CSR
commitments are motivated by real, morally oriented stakeholder cultures because the
organizational behaviours that define a stakeholder culture represent collectively
developed behavioural responses to problems faced by the organization as its members
worked together to manage complex stakeholder relationships (Jones et al. 2007 p. 143).
This model incorporates current stage model viewpoints that draw on the theories of
moral development, organizational growth and learning. It also clearly emphasizes the
connection between the stage of CSR growth and the conceptualization of corporate
postures towards social responsiveness by Clarkson (1995).
Table 3. A three phase CSR cultural model
CSR CULTURAL PHASES
KEY FEATURES

CSR
CULTURAL
RELUCTANCE

CSR
CULTURAL
GRASP

Approach to CSR–
social
responsiveness
Purpose
of
commitment to CSR

Ignorance–reaction

TYPE
OF
MORAL
ORIENTATION
STAKEHOLDER CULTURE
LIMITED MORALITY: CORPORATE EGOIST
Concern for others
Self-regarding

None

Relevant stakeholders

Shareholders

CSR influence on
organisational
goals
Nature of CSRrelated goals

CSR as a constraint →
Focus
on
avoiding
constraints
None

Reference to Kantian
principles

Honour the widely accepted contract
with stakeholders only

Approach to CSR–
social
responsiveness
Purpose
of
commitment to CSR

Instrumental—From
defence to accommodation
Compliance and license to
operate

Relevant stakeholders

Instrumentally useful stakeholders

CSR influence on
organisational
goals

CSR as a value protector
→ Focus on reputation,
tangible
results
and
adaptation of existing
processes in the short-term
Tangible
and
communication objectives

Reference to Kantian
principles

Honour the widely accepted contract
with shareholders only, adhere to
principles when instrumentally
advantageous

Key feature

Enlightened self-interest

BROADLY MORAL
Concern for others

Other regarding

Nature of CSRrelated goals

CSR
CULTURAL
EMBEDMENT

Approach to CSR–
social
responsiveness
Purpose of CSR
commitment
CSR influence on
organisational
goals
Nature of CSRrelated goals

Integrative—From
accommodation
to
proaction
From
business-wide
opportunity
to
social
change
CSR as a value creator →
Focus on innovation and
long-term prospects
CSR = Moving target

AND

Morality/Key feature

Limited morality: Corporate egoist
/short- term self-interest at the
corporate level
LIMITED MORALITY: INSTRUMENTALIST
Concern for others
Fairly self-regarding

Relevant stakeholders

Normative
stakeholders

Reference
principles

Treat stakeholders as an end as well
as means

Key feature

Kantian

and

derivative

Intrinsic morality tempered with
pragmatism or pure intrinsic
morality

Source: (Adapted from Maon et al. 2010)

40

Clement_Kasongo
According to Maon et al. (2010), CSR development path moves through three main
phases: a phase of CSR cultural reluctance; a phase of CSR cultural grasp; and a phase of
CSR cultural embedment. The key features of the phases in the proposed model are
summarized in Table 3.
The three cultural phases of CSR also include distinct stages of development
distinguished by distinctive strategic and organizational characteristics. The CSR
reluctance phase includes (1) dismissing stage. This stage is characterized by Nonexisting motivation for CSR growth and the lack of actions or programmes linked to CSR.
The organization’s position towards its external environment is somewhat dormant, and
its relationships with stakeholders are purely contractual. The CSR cultural grasp phase
includes (2) a self-protecting stage; (3) a compliance-seeking stage and (4) a capabilityseeking stage. At the self-protecting stage, and compliance seeking stage, organizations
lack CSR awareness, which may lead to limited CSR initiatives. Also, the company takes
a defensive stance because it does what is "correct" without establishing engaging
external environment relationships. However, corporate reputation concerns begin to lead
to greater integration of CSR-related concerns within the structure and processes of the
organization. At the capacity seeking stage, the organization’s development of some skills
in managing CSR fundamentals is implied by its practice and familiarity with CSR related
issues. Moreover, there is increasing awareness about CSR issues and the reputational
risks associated with neglecting those issues.
Furthermore, the CSR cultural embedment phase comprises (5) a caring stage, (6) a
strategizing stage and (7) a transforming stage. According to Moan et al. (2010),
organizations substantiate their CSR organizational development through a process of
CSR cultural embedding, during which they broaden their CSR-related know-how,
deepen the relationships of their key stakeholders and leverage their internal resources
proactively to meet CSR-related demands from their environment; CSR is seen as a
potential value creation.
2.8. CSR in the mining sector
Mining companies have been synonymous with the bad reputation of environmental
devastation and social disruption over the past decade or two (Dashwood 2012a p. 1).
According to Dashwood, the mining industry has left a legacy of polluted water by acidrock, pollution, toxic waste associated with smelting operations and major earth
41

Clement_Kasongo
displacement in the case of open-pit mining. For some mining companies, therefore, the
implementation of corporate social responsibility (CSR) policies can be viewed as a
proactive solution to fix reputational issues surrounding public concern regarding
environmentally harmful mining activities (Dashwood 2012b). However, structural
changes in the market affected the implementation of CSR, the most notable of which
was the opening up of new investment opportunities in the developing world during the
1990s.
The three-level structural framework (see figure 11) helps explain the impact of major
global changes on CSR adoption, as well as growing restrictions on mining in advanced
industrialized economies. These include, first, institutionalism of rational choice (such as,
domestic institutional context, and institutional context in developing countries) which
describes the incentive structures in the advanced industrialized economies that led
mining firms to embrace CSR. Second, the idea of a critical juncture in historical
institutionalism accounts for how diverse forces (e.g., Mining’s bad reputations, role of
NGOs, role of international organizations, international treaties, and “soft law”, as well
as conditions attached to financing) came together in the mid-to-late 1990s, triggering the
embrace of unilateral CSR. The third explanations were the collective projects and
embracing sustainable development by some companies (Dashwood 2012a p. 73-93).
Figure 11 below summarize these explanations of CSR adoption.

Internal factors:
- managerial leadership
- managerial attitude
- norms entrepreneurs
External environment:
- stakeholders
- institutional context
- external engagement
- shift in global norms
- inter-organizational
collaboration

Organizational factors:
- culture
- commitment to CSR
- professional background
- learning
- norms socialization

Figure 11. Multi-level explanation of CSR adoption
Source: Dashwood (2012a p. 93)
42

Clement_Kasongo
2.8.1. CSR in Zambia
In developing countries, CSR activities are mainly focused on giving back to the business´
host country and society (Kivuitu, Yambayamba & Fox 2005). In Zambia's case, a
literature review indicates that most research on CSR activities focused mainly on mining
companies (e.g., Lungu & Mulenga 2005; Lungu & Shikwe 2006; Fraser & Lungu 2007;
Lungu & Kapena 2010; Mayondi 2014). Furthermore, the studies show that the most
common CSR activity in Zambia is community involvement. For example, Mayondi
(2014) notes that most CSR studies on mining companies have concentrated on
community development activities such as building schools, highways, providing jobs
and providing micro-credit loans to local people. Similarly, Lungu and Shikwe’s (2006)
investigation show that CSR in Zambia is more social and philanthropic in nature and
CSR is viewed as a way of supporting the local people.
Zambia is ranked as the world’s sixth largest producer of copper, generating nearly 5%
of the world’s production, and is the fifth largest producer of cobalt (6%). The industry
employs over 60,000 people within Zambia (KCM 2019). Mining accounts for around
80% of the country’s export earnings. Two private companies, namely the AngloAmerican Corporation and the Roan Selection Trust (Lungu & Kapena, 2010), originally
co-owned the mining companies. However, the Zambian government nationalized the
two mining companies in 1969, and they were integrated into the Zambia Consolidated
Copper Mines (ZCCM) in 1982 (Fraser & Lungu 2007). In terms of CSR, ZCCM offered
all social services, ranging from supplying facilities for hygiene, electricity, and leisure.
They also provided housing, maintained roads and garbage collections (Fraser & Lungu
2007; Lungu & Kapena 2010).
The sale of the ZCCM units also began after the passage of the Privatisation Act in 1992.
Luanshya mine was sold to the Binani Companies Group in 1997. The two major firms
namely Konkola Copper Mines (KCM) and Mopani were sold from Switzerland to
Anglo-American Corporation and Glencore by the year 2000. Smaller mines including
Bwana Mkubwa, Chambishi and Chibuluma were sold to Canadian First Quantum
Minerals, China's NFC and South African Metorex (Fraser & Lungu 2007).
The hopes of the Republic of Zambia government and the Copperbelt communities were
that the new mine owners would continue the ZCCM days ' CSR activities focused on the
cradle to serious social policy. Nevertheless, the new private mining companies made
43

Clement_Kasongo
little effort to pick up all of ZCCM's CSR activities because they claim that their core
business is mining, and that the state should provide social services through local
authorities (Fraser & Lungu 2007). Another hope was that by securing contracts for the
supply of goods and services to the mines, local SMEs would benefit.
Mining has been beneficial to the economic development of the country, yet it has been
environmentally and socially detrimental. Mining has caused significant air and water
pollution in the towns in the province of Copperbelt. This has prompted many studies in
the industry based on CSR (see Mayondi 2014). While the number of CSR studies in the
mining firms has increased, there are hardly any CSR studies on managing CSR
knowledge that leads to competitive advantage. Therefore, it is important to examine the
CSR practices and how that managing such practices in the mining companies would lead
to competitive advantage.
2.9. Chapter conclusion
The results of this chapter are condensed into a heuristic structure described in Figure 10
below. This is to present a summary of the literature review's key points. The theoretical
framework will also be used as a starting point in the data analysis stage for coding the
data. Nevertheless, the findings may go beyond this context to allow for the emergence
of various factors from the results.
Because of globalization and growing concerns and aspirations of stakeholders towards
businesses, CSR has become an increasingly popular topic. It is also a subject that has
been extensively studied over the years, as scholars have endeavoured to merge the two
very different business and ethics worlds. The literature review has revealed that, there
are various theories and frameworks built to describe the various aspects of corporate
responsibility, resulting in a broad range of meanings. Nevertheless, CSR is defined in
this study as the way to go beyond what regulations and shareholders allow to improve
the social impact of corporate decisions and activities, as well as, enhance the corporate’
competitive advantage.
Additionally, this chapter has shown that the management of CSR knowledge is a
complex process. Because it is a tacit concept, it makes it difficult to calculate direct
results in any study situation and context. This makes CSR a strategic tool that needs to
be properly managed, implemented and communicated to produce positive results,

44

Clement_Kasongo
financially or otherwise. Knowledge in organizations is interactive in nature and for its
development, sharing, and use depends on the social relationships between individuals.
Similarly, the review has revealed that managers will continue to strive for growth,
creativity, competitiveness and other strategic targets, but by harnessing their stakeholder
expertise they would do so more efficiently. Conversely, it has also been established that
stakeholders will continue to strive for social benefits, but by sharing knowledge and
building collaborative partnerships with management, they would accomplish more. This
chapter addressed some of the issues and challenges associated with managing CSR
awareness for improving productivity in organizations, such as, lack of management
support and employee involvement, and other HRM related practices.
Furthermore, literature review has established that the challenge facing practitioners
today is to achieve levels of comfort in terms of social, economic, and environmental
values while preserving future sustainability. From the stakeholder theory perspective, it
has been established that achieving sustainability means organizational change, and that
such a change process depends on stakeholders and individual organizations’ ability to
manage and work with new knowledge (Doppelt 2003). Therefore, to recognize and
enhance the competitiveness, there is a need for organizations to institutionalize a
combination of management strategies, such as knowledge and change management. As
stated earlier, managing CSR knowledge is an integrated and complex process. The
chapter revealed that this has at its heart, culture, people, communication, leadership,
technology, and organizational structures.
In summary, the conceptual structure (see Figure 12 below), has been formulated and it
can be inferred that CSR knowledge management will ensure the accomplishment of the
individual goals of the company and the employees, taking into account the effect of the
organization on the external and internal climate. Managers may face numerous
challenges in the management processes when implementing CSR. It requires, first and
foremost changes and changes in the old management systems. Organizations will think
about how to manage the company based on CSR. Thus, the function of KM becomes
important in socially responsible businesses, so companies should also expand the
management of CSR. Moreover, this chapter revealed that, to gain a competitive
advantage, companies use new business management strategies and CSR models that
create a new culture within the organization and integrate elements of knowledge

45

Clement_Kasongo
management as well as social responsibility. Knowledge management and social
responsibility culture shift the mindset, attitude of the organisation, and help the
organization to function on a new level.
External Factors
External stakeholder
engagement
(Stakeholder theory)
- Obtaining legitimacy
- Community relations
- Shareholder relations
- Economic
- Political
- Technology
- Laws and regulations

Knowledge
management

Internal Factors
Business strategy
- Developing valuable
resources (RBV)
CSR strategy
- CSR management
Organizational culture
- CSR communication
- Management support

External results
- Organizational reputation
- Stakeholder relationships
- Positive investor
assessment
- Consumer loyalty
- Attractiveness to
prospective employees

Voluntary
CSR

Effect of CSR
knowledge
management
Organizational
performance
Results from internal
activities
-Financial performance
- Organizational
productiveness
- Employee commitment
- New knowledge and
capability creation
- Risk reduction

Figure 12. A conceptual framework of KM and CSR towards firm competitive
advantage.

46

Clement_Kasongo
3. METHODOLOGY
This chapter's ultimate goal is to explain the research methodology used in this study.
According to Quinlan (2011 p. 481), it is possible to define research methodology as the
way the research is conducted. This chapter will be structured as follows (see Figure 13).
First, the research approach will be explained, and then the methodological choice,
followed by the case study as a research strategy. Ultimately the methods of data
collection, and analysis will then be discussed respectively.

3.1. Research approach

3.2. Qualitative as a
mothodological choice
3.3. Case study as a research
strategy

• 3.3.1 Case selection
procedure

3.4. Time horizon
3.5. Data collection

• 3.5.1. Interviews

3.6. Data analysis

Figure 13. Research methodology outline
3.1. Research approach
The purpose of this study is to explore CSR knowledge management and how
organizations can bring this knowledge into action to improve their competitiveness.
According to Ghauri and Grønhaug (2010 p. 44), the research problem affects research
approach selection. Due to the scarcity of original theoretical frameworks on developing
countries (Tilt 2016), and the limited empirical studies on managing knowledge within
the context of CSR, this study will follow an exploratory case study. According to Robson
(2002 p. 59), an exploratory research is a valuable way to examine what is happening,
search for new information, or view a phenomenon in a new light. As CSR knowledge
management is still, as stated earlier, an unexploited area of research, this explains, in
part, the use of the exploratory approach in this thesis. In addition, Saunders, Lewis and
Thornhill (2012 p. 171) also stresses that exploratory approach is a valuable way of asking
47

Clement_Kasongo
open-ended questions in order to assess what is happening within a given context and to
explain the problem at hand. Accordingly, the approach chosen is also justifiable because
the research questions seek to examine and/or understand how firms manage CSR
knowledge.
According to Saunders et al. (2012 p. 143), the research approach is about the way theory
was used in a research project. Research is usually conceived around a theoretical
approach which is deductive or inductive. An inductive method has been used, following
the intent of this study. The inductive approach means establishing theory or a conceptual
framework or findings through empirical data rather than testing theory (Saunders et al.
2012 p. 672). Relevant ideas were discussed in a theoretical framework that is used to
formulate the research question, establish the interview questions and provide a broad
interpretation of this study (Creswell 2003 p. 131). Therefore, it can be concluded that
the established theoretical framework is the role this study takes on the subject under
investigation (Creswell 2003 p. 131). Consequently, the theoretical framework not only
helps to gather information and interpret the results but has also been used to make
presumptions about the management of CSR knowledge. In addition, the literature chosen
has helped build on the research question and develop it throughout the research work.
This research uses qualitative methods of data collection by semi-structured interviews
with two mining companies due to its subjective and intangible nature. The following
section addresses this study's methodological choices.
3.2. Qualitative as a methodological choice
As stipulated earlier, due to the scarcity of original theoretical frameworks on developing
countries (Tilt 2016), and the limited empirical studies on managing knowledge within
the context of CSR, a qualitative method was adopted for this study. Ghauri and Grönhaug
(2010 p. 105) contend that when the research aim is to discover and explain a
phenomenon about which little is understood, qualitative approaches are employed. The
use of a qualitative approach has thus helped this study to explore new areas, using openended questions with the key individuals in the chosen organizations. Likewise,
qualitative research generally emphasizes terms rather than quantifications, while
quantitative research, on the other hand, adopts a numerical approach to data collection
and analysis (Bryman & Bell 2007 p. 731). In addition, qualitative approaches are often

48

Clement_Kasongo
correlated with case studies, which seek to collect in-depth information and thus obtain a
deep understanding of the research question (Yin 1994 p. 6).
To perform a qualitative research, this study reflects the steps taken by Morse (1994 p.
27–34). The first stage is comprehension, which is the analysis of literature to understand
the subject and to identify new areas of study. The second step, synthesizing, is when the
researcher collects the respondents' answers to define and describe certain trends and
habits. The third stage involves theorizing, where the researchers have to draw
conclusions from established habits and trends and establish themes. Eventually,
understanding, which indicates the development of a hypothesis from those themes. This
thesis followed the case study method, which is now discussed in the next section.
3.3. Case study as a research strategy
It has been suggested that “how”, “who” and “what” research questions tend to favour a
case study approach. Moreover, a case study method allows the retaining of the holistic
and meaningful characteristics of real time events (Yin 2003 p. 2–7.) Overall, a case study
approach allows the obtaining of a deeper understanding of the phenomenon under
scrutiny (Yin 2018). Therefore, the case study method is well suited to address the "how"
and "why" questions that are central to explaining how mining firms initially manage
CSR knowledge and how they can apply this knowledge to the competitive advantage
standard (Yin 2018). In addition, Yin (2009 p. 18) stresses the importance of context,
noting that the boundaries between the phenomenon being examined and the context
within which it is being studied are not clearly apparent in a case study. The rationale for
applying the case study method lies in the current nature of this research, in which there
is scarcity of original theoretical frameworks on developing countries (Tilt 2016), and
limited empirical studies on managing knowledge within the context of CSR, and where
the topic of measurement demands a research design capable of dealing with complex
and ambiguous phenomena.
In addition, the research objectives of this study have been formulated in accordance with
Yin's (1994) relevant situations for different research strategies in that the interview
questions are as open-ended as possible. This method is designed to avoid questions that
would not cover the understanding as broadly as possible to serve the purpose of the
study. Consequently, all research objectives were stated in the form of the question "how,
and what." As an exploratory analysis, this also justifies the study. The case study was
49

Clement_Kasongo
therefore extended to the use of and triangulation of multiple data sources (Saunders et.
al. 2009 p. 146).
3.3.1. Case selection procedure
According to Yin (2009: 19), “case study research includes both a single- and multiplecase studies”. This thesis utilizes a multiple-case design as it investigates a real-life
multiple bounded structure through comprehensive, in-depth data collection involving
multiple sources of information (Creswell 2003). By using a multi-case method, a broader
analysis of the research problem and theoretical development would allow the researcher
to understand how CSR knowledge is managed within the mining industry. Moreover, it
helps the researcher to discuss the complex issues that need to be addressed in detail, and
to consider the interpersonal dynamics of such a programme, based on participants’
observations of feedback and interpretative perspectives.
Two large mining companies (in terms of size) were selected for the purpose of this study.
According to Eisenhardt (1989 p. 113), bigger firms are ideal when studying a specific
and complex issue. The justification is that, bigger firms experience complex problems,
and have expertise in-house that can provide the researcher with in-depth information on
the particular issue. Moreover, the case companies also correspond to this study’s
theoretical framework and the variables under consideration (ibid).
3.4. Time horizon
As time horizon, this study follows a cross-sectional design. According to Saunders et al.
(2012: 190), the study of a special phenomenon (or phenomena) at a given time is crosssectional. This choice of design is due to the time constraints placed on this project. The
purpose of this thesis is to explore CSR knowledge management at two Zambian mining
companies and how organizations can bring this knowledge into action to improve their
competitiveness. Accordingly, this thesis is a' snapshot' of academic research, which is
the master’s degree program (ibid). In addition, a cross-sectional design was suitable
because of the timeline provided by the case companies to collect data for the study. The
interviews were conducted in June 2018. A longitudinal study was therefore not feasible
due to the complexity of getting access to the case firms, as well as the limited time in
which to complete the master's degree.

50

Clement_Kasongo
3.5. Data collection
Data collection methods are processes by which data are collected for a research project
(e.g., observations, interviews, focus groups, and questionnaires (Quinlan 2011 p. 479).
Three key lines of evidence were used to ensure adequate triangulation of data: 1)
interviews, 2) company website and 3) analysis of corporate records such as annual
reports. Likewise, various sources of evidence were used to collect empirical data to
create a degree of confidence around the same phenomenon and thus to achieve a better
perception of reality and to improve valid research (Saunders et al. 2009 p. 146).
The research approach consisted of a primary compilation of qualitative data using semistructured interviews with 6 corporate managers. The overall strategy for the interviews
was to follow a qualitative approach using a semi-structured technique where broad
questions are placed allowing interviewees to answer freely (Nigel, Fox & Hunn 2000).
Moreover, this approach is considered most suitable for capturing hidden meanings and
beliefs held by personality, and to avoid forcing complex external thought on respondents
(Barriball & While 1994). In addition, to better understand and explain this study
problem, secondary data were used. These included journal articles, company website
and catalogues (books, and annual reports). Thus, allowing for triangulation on the topic.
Triangulation usually refers to research where a theory is tested from various empirical
viewpoints to increase its validity, that is, when the observations, events or facts have
been validated by more than one single source of evidence (e.g., Yin 2003 p. 98–99).
3.5.1. Interviews
The choice of data collection methods depends on the type of problem, the need for
information and, not least, the data possibilities (Ghauri & Grønhaug 2010 p. 31). Factors
affecting CSR knowledge management in the organization were established after
literature review. In addition, a semi-structured interview guide focused on open-ended
questions with the objective of examining the current status and problems of managing
CSR knowledge was designed. Semi-structured interviews are suitable for identifying
ideas and general topics that allow for future research (Macpherson et al. 2004). Similarly,
the open-ended nature of the questions helped provide an atmosphere that allowed for
detailed discussion about the subject between the researcher and the participants.
The interviews were conducted with three employees at Konkola Copper Mines (KCM)
Plc., and three employees at FQM Kalumbila, who have rich CSR and knowledge
51

Clement_Kasongo
management experience in different roles. Firstly, a manager involved in the process of
CSR was selected. According to Eisenhardt (1989), in bigger organizations, it is vital that
the right individual is selected. The CSR Community Relations Manager at KCM was
first contacted via LinkedIn requesting for the study. After introducing and accepting the
research goals, he was asked to help identify the right people for the interview. Thorough
discussions where made with potential respondents, and the dates and time for the
interview were set (see Table 4). Before the interview, all participants were introduced to
the research itself and practical information given. Further, the aim of the interview, as
well as its importance to the research were explained. Most important, an explanation for
the recorder and the reason for recording the interview was presented for the sake of
confidentiality, and also a consent form signed to ensure data privacy. Also, the
respondents were made aware of the anonymity of their responses.
Table 4. Interview Schedule
Company category

Interviewee

Time of interview

Date of interview

CSR department (KCM)

Participant 1

10:00 – 11:00

12.6.2018

Local

Participant 2

11:15 – 12:30

12.6.2018

Government (KCM)

Participant 3

12:45 – 14:00

12.6.2018

Wildlife conservation (FQM)

Participant 4

14:00 – 15:00

18.6.2018

Community Relations (FQM)

Participant 5

15:15 – 16:15

18.6.2018

Human capital management (FQM)

Participant 6

12:00 – 13:00

19.6.2018

economic

development

(KCM)

During the interview, the questions (Appendix 1) were used to keep the focus, and some
questions were modified in accordance with the respondent’s position, or role. In
addition, the interview guide (Appendix 1) was formulated to assist the researcher in
discussing key issues. The interview questions were adapted from Takala’s (2016 p. 12426) thesis work “employee awareness and engagement as a gateway to creating value
from corporate social responsibility …” However, some questions were modified to suit
the topic for this thesis. The same interview guide was used for all respondents. Equally,
interviews were carried out at the company premises of the respondents, and each
interview lasted about one hour. The sessions (see Table 4) were recorded in accordance
with Yin (1994), who notes that the use of a tape recorder during the interview is
important for capturing empirical data with absolute precision. In addition, by recording
the data, word-for-word interview transcriptions were made possible. The transcribed

52

Clement_Kasongo
data were then emailed to the respondents for verification, as well as accuracy of their
responses. The methods for analysing the data used in this study are now presented in the
following section.
3.6. Data analysis
Data analysis aims to understand and gain insight from the data gathered (Eisenhardt 1989
p.199). Yin (1994) argues that research studies should begin with a general analytical
strategy which provides a framework for the researcher to set priorities for what to study
and why. This includes the examination, categorisation, tabulation or otherwise
recombination of the data used for the study. Accordingly, when conducting a case study,
two general analytical approaches are available; relying on theoretical propositions and
creating case description (ibid). However, the latter is used when there is availability of
prior research on the subject, contrary to the status of this study. Consequently, this
research will rely on theoretical propositions. That means a mapping of empirical
observation and theoretical framework will take place to ensure the validity of the
findings. This study should, in other words, address questions, responses and inferences
and what supports these inferences (Ghauri & Grønhaug 2010 p. 84).
Different methods can be used to analyse the data (Yin 1994); “within-case analysis”- the
collected data is contrasted with the theory used, whereas cross-case analysis compares
data from one case to another. Eisenhardt's (1989) method of within-and cross-case
analysis will be used to analyse the data. Within-case analysis summarize the data and
establish preliminary findings; thereby having a better understanding of the processes
each company undergoes to progress towards its knowledge management vision. During
the cross-case analysis the results of the within-case analysis are compared and contrasted
to increase the rigor and accuracy of the results. That is, each company achieves a
different level of CSR performance and this study will compare the cases to evaluate their
similarities and differences to gain a better understanding of the processes involved in
managing CSR knowledge. In multiple case studies, cross-case analysis is necessary (Yin
2003).
Furthermore, a literature review show that no single agreed upon approach to qualitative
data analysis exist (e.g., Eisenhardt 1989). However, Miles and Huberman (1994)
distinguishes between the following components (see Figure 14) of qualitative data
analysis:
53

Clement_Kasongo
-

Data reduction – the process of selecting, focusing, simplifying, abstracting
and transforming the data for the purpose of data organization, drawing and
verification of conclusions.

-

Data display – an organized, compressed assembly of information that permits
drawing conclusions and taking actions.

-

Conclusion drawing - The researcher determines the significance of events,
considering regularities, patterns, interpretations, potential arrangement,
causal flows and proposals.

Data
display

Data
collection

Data
reduction

Conclusions
Drawing/verifying

Figure 14. Components of data analysis: interactive model
Source: Miles and Huberman (1994 p. 23)
While interpreting the empirical data of this study, the recommendations presented by
Miles and Huberman (1994) on how the analytical process will flow will be followed.
Moreover, as previously stated, this study adopts an inductive approach; thus, data
analysis is essential for generating theory from the data collected. Therefore, from an
interpretive point of view taken by this study, arguments and conclusions will be formed
from the respondents’ perceptions. The study should depend on the ability of the
researcher to understand and draw conclusions and establish new perspectives based on
own social backgrounds, empirical findings, and scientific articles. Consequently, a
theoretical framework was built from the literature review to provide essential concepts
and definitions and also to establish a guideline for interviews.

54

Clement_Kasongo
4. EMPIRICAL FRAMEWORK
The aim of this thesis was to explore corporate social responsibility knowledge
management and how organizations can bring this knowledge into action to improve their
competitiveness. The qualitative multiple case study was conducted in the mining sector
with Konkola Copper Mining KCM) Plc., and First Quantum Minerals (Kalumbila
minerals Limited). For this purpose, the semi-structured interviews had focused on two
main issues: corporate responsibility in the organization; and internal CSR
communication. Participants were initially asked to present their views on typical CSR
activities, as well as, their relevance and management in practice. In general, the aim was
to determine whether CSR was conceived as a strategic initiative and whether it was
managed to create value for the company with a target focus. The second emphasis for
the data collection was on the various practices, drivers and results of communicating
CSR to workers, and how the participants saw their position and significance in CSR
knowledge management. The topics here referred primarily to the communication aspects
of CSR, but they also addressed the additional methods of engaging and including
employees in CSR.
Since the interviews were dialogic in nature due to the open-ended question format, the
participants’ responses appear to be quite broad and focus on various topics of CSR,
communication, and management in general. Some of these additional points of view are
also included in the study to offer a more comprehensive picture of the subject.
In this chapter, the results from the semi-structured interviews will be reported case by
case (within-case analysis) following the research objectives outlined in section 1.3 as a
basis for the study's empirical analysis. Specific quotes from respondents will be used
throughout this chapter to illustrate their views and opinions on managing CSR. The first
segment provides the facts about the case companies, followed by the results from the
semi-structured interviews. Moreover, each of the case company summary follows a
similar structure, with differences in each particular case depending on the depth and
breadth of information collected.
4.1. CASE STUDY 1: Konkola copper mining plc.
KCM is the largest integrated copper producer in Zambia, with a full production value
chain consisting of open pit and underground mines, concentrators, state-of-the-art

55

Clement_Kasongo
smelter, tailings leach facility, and refinery. It is the only mining company in the country
that operates at four sites, namely Chingola, Chililabombwe, Nampundwe and Kitwe (see
Figure 15 for KCM operation sites). For this study purpose, the research was conducted
from the Chingola site. Table 5 presents some facts and statistics about KCM.

Figure 15. KCM operation sites
Source: (KCM 2019)
Background to the company
KCM was acquired by Vedanta Resources plc in 2004. It has since invested more than $3
billion in upgrading infrastructure, building new facilities and increasing capacity. KCM
is one of the largest private sector employers in Zambia, with almost 12,000 workers, 11
per cent of whom are women (see Table 5 below for the company facts and statistics).
The company firmly believes the growth and development of workers is a critical
component of future success. The organization has a comprehensive, cross-functional
employee training and development plan, which involves secondment to the international
operations of Vedanta and involvement in well-structured learning courses. At
universities in Zambia and overseas, KCM has funded over 600 students in full-time
degree programmes. (KCM 2019.)

56

Clement_Kasongo
Table 5. KCM Company facts and statistics
2019

2018

Revenue

US$1.084.80 million

US$1.283 million

Output

177,035 tonnes

144,664 tonnes

Loss after tax

US$332.2 million

US$131.6 million

Number of employees

12,000

Source: (KCM Annual report 2019)
Corporate social responsibility at KCM
KCM acknowledges that its activities and prospects for the future depend on the
communities it works within. The company plays an active role in enhancing local
population quality of life, providing support in areas such as health, education, healthy
livelihoods, and sport. Table 6 below Presents a summary of KCM’s corporate social
responsibility activities.
Additionally, the company aims to be a world-leading producer and supplier of Copper
and the by-products; Cobalt alloy and Sulphuric acid, and intermediate products:
concentrates of Copper, Cobalt, Pyrite and Copper anodes of quality, to meet the
contractual requirements of all customers in every respect and to restore and sustain
profitability in the operations (KCM 2019). Also, KCM aims to maintain a system that
complies with the requirements of OHSAS 18001 – Occupational Health and Safety
Management Systems, ISO 14001 – Environmental Management System and ISO 9001
– Quality Management System and to continually improve the effectiveness by regular
reviews of the systems. Konkola Copper Mines plc desires to uphold the values of good
corporate citizenship and seek to contribute to the wider economic, social and
environmental well-being of the host country, Zambia (ibid).

57

Clement_Kasongo
Table 6. Summary of KCM's CSR activities
Education

-

Health

-

Sustainable
livelihoods

-

Sport

-

Environment

About 2,200 students study at KCM-funded schools
About 600 Zambians are educated at local and foreign universities
and other tertiary institutions
2 early childhood learning centres cater for 320 children each year
Kitwe Trades School trains about 150 Zambians each year
Offers 40 scholarships to high-ranking government schools each
year.
Operates 2 major hospitals and 14 clinics at its plants and within
neighbourhoods, providing medical services to over 63,000 people
every year, including workers and their immediate families.
Hospitals offer specialized care such as dialysis of the kidneys, group
HIV/AIDS programmes, and other health services
Supports efforts to rehabilitate livestock. Over the past 5 years, nearly
800 cattle and over 3,000 goats have been handed over to
communities in three areas (Nampundwe, Chingola, Chililabombwe).
Assists young people and women in running entrepreneurial ventures
including the manufacture of leather products, poultry raising,
tailoring, and other income generating activities.
It has funding at least 2,700 families.
Sponsors two super league football clubs: Nchanga Rangers and
Konkola Blades.
Around 120 football players and trainers benefit directly through jobs
from KCM help to football.
In May 2017, KCM sent two young people from Nchanga Rangers
and Konkola Blades' under 16 youth teams to India's Sesa Goa
Academy for a four-year professional soccer training program.

Acknowledges that mining operations have different environmental consequences
and has taken a number of steps to resolve legacy environmental issues. The
organization is continuing to invest in a sustainable world through clean
technology. Notable investments include:
-

-

-

US$500 million for a new Nchanga smelter with one of the world's
best Sulphur-capture rates (99.6 percent sulphur-capture) and
US$230 million for modern Konkola and Nchanga concentrators.
US$30 million in plant lines and tanks for the Tailings Leach Facility,
and US$2 million in Pollution Control Dam (PCD) desalination. $19
million to rehabilitate the water management infrastructure of
Konkola Underground. This investment fixed most of KCM's legacy
environmental issues inherited from previous mine owners.
Conservation of biodiversity with planting of more than 80,000 trees.
A pilot project is underway to cultivate 2,000 Pongomia Pinnata trees
on 4 hectares of land for environmental remediation and biodiesel
growth. This project would create alternative jobs for young
Zambians, too.
Complies with the Vedanta Sustainability System, underpinned by
the principles of ICMM / IFC / OECD and the legislative criteria of
the Zambia Environmental Management Authority (ZEMA).

Source: (KCM 2019)

58

Clement_Kasongo
4.1.1. CSR activities and knowledge in the company
In this section, results for the first research objective set out in the introductory chapter
(see section 1.3.) will be presented, with regard to case study 1. The first objective was:
to identify what CSR activities and knowledge are found in the company. In order to
explore the role of corporate social responsibility in organizations, participants’
perspectives on the importance and content of CSR activities are presented next.
Typical CSR activities and programmes
Participants were asked to express their views on the main areas of CSR initiatives in
their organizations in order to understand the traditional practices and programs in the
case company as they relate to the market, history and competitive environment, and
whether they have changed or evolved in the past five years. All interviewees agreed to
the importance of CSR in the organization. As one participant noted, CSR is described as
how the company reacts to social needs, social impact, and how it uses its social resources
to better the lives of those around its area of operations (Participant 2).
“CSR for a mining sector is very important, because we are like a neighbour to a
community. At KCM, we are surrounded by communities, and therefore it
becomes a very important component, because you cannot thrive as a business if
you are not making sense to society.” (Participant 2).
In addition, as a result of their organizational role and position, all interviewees personally
found that CSR was an important topic. Nevertheless, according to the interviews, issues
related to CSR were also said to be increasingly on the senior management agenda or
even seen as a core part of the overall corporate strategy. This is reflected in Participant
2’s remarks that “to manage the process, you find that it is a fully-fledged package, which
has a manager, myself, and then it reports to the executive committee, and then it comes
down to have liaison officers, and these are all given strategic sites so that they manage
them, and also receive issues, concerns, and translate them.” Another interviewee said:
“Our business strategy is aligned to our CSR strategy. For example, I have always
said that your greatest risk is your social risk. If there is a small riot around here,
our miners will not engage in work, all those tons of copper will not be mined. So,
the business ensures that it supports those projects that are able to manage
businesses, and this is what is called CSR. When we are drawing the business plan
for the year, the CSR business plan is inclusive in the entire business plan.”
(Participant 3)

59

Clement_Kasongo
We have taken a lot of steps to look at what we are doing on the ground, how we
are engaging with our employees, how we are working on our safety, how we are
engaging with the government, and how we are engaging with civil society. This
is the job of senior management today. It is not just the extraction of copper, or
other technical issues. It is about that interaction with all aspects of society.
(Participant 2)
Furthermore, to explain the content and extent of CSR related activities, the interviewees
were asked to define the focus areas and standard CSR practices within the organization.
Accordingly, interview results show that, company websites, and CSR reports, are
consistent in their CSR reporting, emphasizing various aspects of corporate responsibility
depending on the business location. Nonetheless, the core areas of engagement for KCM
were found to be somewhat compatible with the triple-bottom line model. For example,
in relation to the economic aspect of the triple-bottom line, Participant 1 mentioned:
“I work in sustainability. I have been in this role for about 3 years, and my work
pertains to developing self-sustainable economic activities that are independent
of the mine, that are not dependent on the mine for funds or financial assistance.
They usually comprise of economic diversification initiatives, such as agriculture,
renewable energy, which are long in operations after the life of the mine. So, we
are looking at initiatives that outlast the life span of the mine. There is economic
vibrance in the area, and the other one is local content in the mining supply chain.
So, that is basically to grow local manufacturing industry and local services.”
(Participant 1)
Another interviewee referring to the social and environmental dimensions stated that:
“We strive to ensure that the impact of our investment goes beyond simply paying
taxes, but also giving benefits to the communities in which we operate. The wellbeing of our communities is fundamental to our business. We have fifty years and
beyond vision, which is to contribute effectively to our surrounding communities,
as well as, take care of the environment in which we operate. We undertake social
development programmes that are aimed at transforming the lives of the people
that live in our immediate surroundings communities. In terms of environmental
stability, we are looking at tree planting in communities and encouraging people
to undertake such programmes so that together we can benefit, both from the
mining activities and people can positively enjoy KCM being around.”
(Participant 2)
The social aspect of CSR was emphasized most in the interviews, especially from the
community engagement perspective. Typical community related CSR initiatives
included, for example, a partnership with the ministry of education to undertake an adult
literacy programme, where people that have not gone to school are given a chance to

60

Clement_Kasongo
study (Participant 2), a scholarship programme for students that excel at grade seven and
grade nine.
“Our scholarships vary, first we start from grade 7 and grade 9, we go to
government schools. The top scholars in these two streams during exams, we
sponsor them until they write the next exam. So, we have done over 300 young
Zambians as I speak being given a chance. Then we have another programme
where we identify our top students in our areas of attention, sponsor them to India,
South Africa, and Namibia to study engineering related courses, and others like
doctors.” (Participant 3)
“we also have health programmes. We have a rollback malaria programme where
we reach out to 42 000 households. We also have the HIV programme,
sensitization (workplace and community), as well as treatment. Then we run two
hospitals, and 14 clinics. These are accessed by employees and non-employees.
Livelihood, most of the Zambians, if not working fall into farming. So, we support
farmers through agriculture. We have a livestock programme. For example, we
have an agricultural project in Chililabombwe, and Then we have sports, we
sponsor 3 football clubs. Then we come in for general courses, like in 2012, we
constructed some of the roads here, as well as, constructions of clinics.”
(Participant 2)
In general, “We look into four main things; Education, Health, Sports, and Sustainable
livelihood programmes.” (Participant 1)
When asked about standard internal CSR activities, however, many of the interviewees
found it hard to identify specific behaviours that could be classified as "CSR activities."
This can be due to the dynamic and wide-ranging existence of the CSR as a concept, as
well as to the company's primary view that corporate responsibility is either additional or
central to the business.
4.1.2. CSR knowledge management
This section will include the results for the second empirical goal set out in the
introductory chapter of this thesis. The purpose of this section is to analyse how CSR
knowledge is identified, assimilated, and disseminated (capturing, sharing, and mapping
of knowledge among various actors, such as employees). Interviewee answers will be
addressed using the concepts defined from their viewpoints: who/which unit is
responsible? qualitative/quantitative objectives for CSR engagement and activities;
which factors are monitored? How is the strategy implemented in practice? Who is
responsible for the implementation? and what are the challenges involved?

61

Clement_Kasongo
When asked how CSR initiatives are managed in the company, one interviewee noted:
“I think it is managed very well. The vision of the CSR department is aligned with
the requirements of the community. The community relations manager is very
resourceful when it comes to stakeholder engagement (talking to people). The way
the structure is set up provides maximum exposure in terms of how you talk to
people and all.” (Participant 1)
In addition, the interviews showed that CSR's structuring and management, or in other
words, the people and roles that are responsible for these topics, are well done. As such,
there is a separate CSR department, headed by the Community Relations Manager,
designed to look into CSR related activities.
“We have a CSR function. It is a dedicated team that looks at “how do we respond
to the social needs, the social impact, and manage the social resources of the
company”. So, that is like a holistic approach to ensure that there is sustained
social performance. In that regard, we are supposed to look at it in a broader
perspective, how do we manage the relationship between the company and the
people?” (Participant 2)
The CSR team is comprised of liaison officers, who are all given strategic sites to manage,
and also receive issues, concerns, and translate them into meaningful corporate
knowledge. These report to the community relations manager, who then reports to the
executive committee. In addition, there is the local economic development (LED) team,
a segment of KCM CSR department, which takes care of the economic development
issues in the surrounding communities. As one interviewee mentioned,
“CSR initiatives are funded by KCM. But my initiatives are a mixture of both, we
get funding from outside, as well as internally if it is available. But we mostly
target funding from outside. Our strategy has been involved on two facts;
economic diversification and increasing local content in mining supply chain. So,
economic diversification has been looking at agriculture, and renewable energy.
Local content looking at increasing manufacturing and local services. So, we act
kind of separate from the CSR strategy. (Participant 1)
According to one of the interviewees, to manage CSR communication with the
stakeholders, the CSR team generate what they termed a ‘stakeholder engagement plan’.
Management will ensure this policy is communicated to all employees, contractors and
other stakeholders and be reviewed annually to reflect the company’s commitment to high
standards of safety, health, environment and quality. This plan derived from the
stakeholder engagement policy. Moreover, it is from this policy that a community
communication strategy is drawn up. Stakeholders are able to engage with the company
62

Clement_Kasongo
through the drawn-up engagement process on how to air their grievances and get
feedback. Through that, a documentation called community communication procedure to
manage the process is generated. As Participant 3 mentioned, in terms of relations
“critiques will come in, and we have a chance to respond and to put things in the right
perspective. So, that is another way in which we engage.”
Furthermore, the interview revealed that another forum called the “going green
consultative forum” is used to gather to engage with stakeholders. Here, important
stakeholders are invited once a month to deliberate on issues of concern. Moreover, one
interviewee mentioned that
“we also take advantage of employees who are critical in nature. We have small
groups in which we meet with them, consult and discuss. Apart from that, we also
have community liaison committees, which are made of selected people in the
communities who have key issues that need to be addressed. So, those are satellite
kind of arrangements, and that helps us to manage social issues. For example, if
that particular issue is a grievance, then that grievance requires mitigation. So,
from there we have the grievance mechanism, which result in some form of
projects. In other words, if the issues border on water, we will think about it and
say, look, this problem has been coming and its emanating from the need for water
and material. So, we will design a project to counter that and help the people.”
(Participant 2)
Another strategy the company uses to gather and disseminate CSR knowledge is what the
interviewees termed ‘needs assessment’ strategy.
“It is a strategic way of assessing needs in communities. So, we will meet all the
government officials, key stakeholders, communities through focus group
discussions, and meetings like, public meetings, and then we will map out the
needs according to priority. And when you check, the needs that government has,
and the needs that you will find when you go in the fields with your social scientific
tools to get the input from community, they are similar. So, it is just the process
that you use to actually get those particular views. But, at the end of the day, the
needs in Zambia that are outlined in the 2030 vision, are similar to the ones that
we generate when we engage an external consultant to do an independent study
for us for needs assessment.” (Participant 2)
“The CSR department usually does a need assessment survey, and it is like a base
for what CSR programme is going to be. For example, the solar power boreholes,
the community really wanted them, because of the power fluctuations in 2016.”
(Participant 3)
In summarizing the whole process of CSR knowledge management, one of the
interviewees stated that it is a well-managed process, which starts with engagement,

63

Clement_Kasongo
assessment of needs, then design of projects, implementation, and finally monitoring and
evaluation to track the benefits that are there in the community and those that are making
sense. (Participant 3)
Internal CSR communication
To explore how CSR is conveyed to employees and how they are involved in social
responsibility programmes, participants were asked to describe their company's employee
communication and training activities, including the content of the message and target
audience, as well as the methods used. Here the main focus was on the internal
communication activities, however, some of the interviews focused on CSR training
aimed at employees.
When asked about CSR, and how it is communicated internally, different communication
channels were highlighted. The resources or methods most frequently mentioned for
internal CSR communication included emails and newsletters, company intranets,
collaborative social media networks such as Facebook and Twitter as well as, Memos,
Posters, and Magazines. As Participant 1 mentioned, “we have our memos; we have our
internal communication channel in terms of posters. We also have weekly bulletin, and
quarterly Konkola news (a magazine).”
Nonetheless, due to the nature of the industry within which the company operates, and
the overwhelming amount of information, a medium questioned and criticized by all
interviewees was the internal company portal, or intranet. As one respondent mentioned,
not everyone is informed, as only employees with access to a computer would access the
information. (Participant 1)
Practices related to internal CSR communication and training
Interview data showed that, apart from constraints and communication factors coming
from outside the business (e.g., compliance with legislation or perceptions of external
stakeholders), internal communication about CSR play an important role in embedding
and consolidating organizational values and principles at all levels of the organization
(Participant 2). When asked about the management and structure of internal CSR
communication, most of the interviewees mentioned that the content (what is
communicated) usually comes from the CSR manager, the CSR team, or in some cases
from the owner of another specific function, such as the Head of Local Economic

64

Clement_Kasongo
Development. In some instances, it was also mentioned that the need and effort to
communicate and tell stories about CSR came from Marketing and Communications
department.
“Basically, what is communicated are the initiatives being launched, the benefits
of the community, and also information about who is involved in terms of those
initiatives.” (Participant 1)
Furthermore, the interview revealed that internal communication and training is mostly
directed to all employee (Participant 3), with the objective of them having access to
information about CSR initiatives and projects being undertaken. Consequently, and as
Participant 1 mentioned, “once the word of mouth spreads, then it helps drive your image
in the community.” Moreover, internal communication and training of CSR was viewed
as important, because, according to the Participant 2, the stakeholder map for the
company’s licence to operate is actually a series of concentric circles, emanating from
the business operations, and employees are the primary focus of engagement.
“The most central part of the concentric circle is our employees. Are we treating
our employees with respect? Are we engaging our employees? or are we keeping
them safe? If we can guarantee that every one of our employees can work 30 years
and come home at the end of every shift to their family, without being seriously
hurt, we have done a good job. If every employee can feel confident that actually
management is looking after their safety, and there is a closer engagement
between the employees, and the unions, and the management and businesses and
things start working better.” (Participant 2)
“It is very important, because they are the ones that spread internally. In terms
of training, the employees know what they are supposed to do exactly in terms of
procedures and that normally helps with CSR, but also in reducing errors or
accidents, and also helps in maintaining costs.” (Participant 1)
“For us as KCM, employee involvement is one key element that makes our
projects successful. For example, the football clubs I am talking about are run by
our employees in their spare time. Educational projects, for example, the schools
that we build are built by our engineering teams.” (Participant 3)
Overall, external CSR communication (such as reporting or related marketing) was
considered to be higher on the corporate agenda and the priority list of CSR practitioners
relative to the efforts or time directed at communication with employees, as can be seen
from the previous section. In terms of effectiveness and measurement, it was mentioned
that “it is more of being genuine, rather than generous what is important in terms of CSR.
We interact, we engage, we are visible, and we respond.” (Participant 2)

65

Clement_Kasongo
4.1.3. CSR knowledge management as a competitive advantage
Findings to the third empirical objective set out in the introductory chapter will be
presented in this section. The aim of the third objective was to investigate how CSR
knowledge management can be an opportunity to generate and sustain the company’s
competitive advantage (why does it affect employees).In the interview, the importance of
internal communication and training of CSR for the organization, as well as, the
involvement of employees in CSR related activities in the organization were discussed.
It was found that the underlying motivating factors behind corporate commitment to CSR
at KCM are both external and internal. The key factors for CSR engagement were more
specifically linked to the needs of reacting to different external stakeholder demands
(Participant 1), meeting regulatory requirements, or having a social licence to operate
(Participants 1,2 & 3). In particular, numerous external stakeholder groups, such as
consumers, investors, competitors, NGOs, and media, were listed to drive CSR
engagement (Participant 2).
“CSR is very visible, because what we are trying to do as a mining company is to
act as a catalyst for economic activities that would benefit the local community.
The benefits that comes to mind can be in terms of PR. In that case, KCM started
this initiative 50 years ago, and it is still in operation. In a way, this benefits us in
that it gives us a social license to operate.” (Participant 1)
“Big corporation have realised that in order to operate successfully, you need to
have a valid say from the community, people or your stakeholders. So, that is why
you need to put communication into perspective because your workers are part of
the community. So, if you take care of the community, your workers are also taken
care of and vice versa.” (Participant 3)
In addition, almost all respondents underlined the significance of stakeholders’ view of
the company's activities as having an impact on its profitability. As Participant 1
mentioned, “the major benefit can be PR. Secondly, the way the community around you
behaves acts as an indicator of how environmentally sustainable your operations are.”
Another respondent added that:
“CSR for a mining sector is very important, because we are like a neighbour to a
community. At KCM, we are surrounded by communities, and therefore it
becomes a very important component, because you cannot thrive as a business if
you are not making sense to society.” (Participant 2)
Additionally, CSR was said to help the company create more sustainable and desirable
products and services, both socially and environmentally. For example, the benefits of

66

Clement_Kasongo
CSR were linked to innovation and product development, particularly in the case of
products that are useful to the company in its operations.
“we also have a leather project, where we train youths to make leather products
(such as safety boots and gloves) that are supplied to the mines and even the
general public. So, now we are testing the gloves to see if they can be suitable for
use in our operations.” (Participant 2)
Interviews also found that the perspective of moral obligation and risk avoidance with
regard to CSR was the most obvious motive for the company. This has been addressed
primarily in terms of reducing or eliminating supply chain risks and protecting corporate
reputation.
“But, most of all we believe that we should be good neighbours. We see what
people go through and we try our best to respond, and also to be with the people,
and interact, and also make them aware that the neighbour is a good neighbour,
and not necessarily that it is a business and is here to make profit and nothing
else.” (Participant 1)
“It is less of a corporate mandate, but more of ethical responsibility. So, if you
are not taking care of the community, obviously you will seem to have hadal in
the future. Every major company, bank, or financial institution that you go to
looks at your relationship or commitment to the community. It is not only an
ethical issue to you, but it is something that just makes sense to have the
community on your side.” (Participant 3)
4.1.4. Management and implementation challenges of CSR
This section will present the results for the fourth empirical target set out in the
introductory chapter. The fourth objective had as its goal to examine factors affecting the
management and implementation of CSR. In order to understand the challenges of CSR
management, as well as, shed some light on the overall business case for implementation
and communication of social responsibility, the respondents were asked to address the
main challenges of implementing CSR in practice. According to the interviews, the topics
that where mostly referred to as the obstacles or threats to CSR management included:
dependency, communicating effectively on CSR, both externally and internally, content
of CSR initiatives, and launching and stakeholder expectations.
According to one respondent, the major challenge related to organization and
management of internal CSR communication was evident. There was frequent discussion
of effective communication due to time constraints, preparation, and resources in
reference to company size (Participant 1). The following quote represents partly this view.
67

Clement_Kasongo
“We are a very big company, and times timing can be one big challenge, in that
information does not reach all the employees at the right time.” (Participant 1)
In addition, the interviewees mentioned the challenges of stakeholder expectation. It was
mentioned that understanding the culture of communities in which the company operates
is important in having an overview of both the communities and government’s
expectations. The respondents stated that, aligning the stakeholder views and the
company goals reduces the risk of dependency, which as the respondent alluded to, is due
to having diverse understand of what CSR is and should be. As one interviewee
mentioned:
“… operations should be designed in such a way that while you are maintaining
or accomplishing your objectives, you are also providing to the community,
because the community looks up to you because You are one of the largest
employers operating in the area and you provide livelihood to a lot of people
around you.” (Participant 2)
Furthermore, it was mentioned that launching of CSR programmes is a vital aspect to the
success of the initiatives. For example, one respondent explained that stakeholder
identification for the purposes of engagement is an important element to launching CSR
initiatives, and thus, the responsible team needs make an informed decision on who to
invite for the launch. Moreover, the team needs to understand the reason for stakeholder
engagement (for example, grievance mitigation, information gathering, etcetera).
Similarly, content of the programmes to be initiated was seen to be challenging. This
viewpoint is illustrated in the following quote.
“The launch. How you are launching is very important. Second, where are all the
invitations going to? Who you invite matters, and what the programme is all
about?” (Participant 3)
4.2. CASE STUDY 2: First Quantum Minerals (Kalumbila Minerals Limited)
In this section, the second case company, FQM’s Kalumbila Mineral Limited is
presented. Kalumbila Minerals Limited is a subsidiary of First Quantum Minerals (FQM)
a leading and fast-growing copper company founded over 20 years ago with a strong
belief in copper's long-term fundamentals. FQM’s operations currently cover nine
countries and five continents, starting with the 1996 acquisition of a mining license in
Zambia to reprocess tailings from past mining activities. For this study purpose, the
interviews were carried out at FQM’s Kalumbila Minerals Limited, which own the
Sentinel copper mining project in Kalumbila, Zambia. (FQM 2020.)
68

Clement_Kasongo
Background to the company
The mining of Sentinel copper is owned 100 percent by Kalumbila Minerals Limited, a
subsidiary of FQM. Sentinel is about 150 kilometres west of Solwezi, in north-western
Zambia. Construction of the Sentinel was approved by the company's board in May 2012,
and development and construction began in the second half of 2012. Staged
commissioning began in October 2014 and on 1 November 2016 Sentinel was announced
to be in commercial production. However, the initial mine development began in 2013 to
create infrastructure for in-pit crushing and conveying. Open pit mining is carried out
using conventional methods, including electric face shovels and hydraulic excavators,
and a fleet of trucks carrying capacity of 330 tonnes and 240 tonnes. (FQM 2020.) Table
7 presents the facts and statistics of the company.
Table 7. Company facts and Statistics (2018)
Copper production (tonnes)

223,656

Copper sales (tonnes)

238,211

Average quality of copper processed

5%

Mine type

Open pit

Number of employees

2,231

Number of contractors

2,165

2019 output (tonnes)

230,000

Source: (FQM Annual report 2018)
Corporate Social Responsibility at FQM
FQM focuses their CSR programme in five key areas – governance, economics,
environment, social and labour. As a strategy, the company believes in the long-term
fundamentals of copper. Accordingly, the corporation seeks quality assets to which it can
apply its unique technical expertise, in jurisdictions in which it can operate safely and
cost effectively. FQM’s approach to social responsibility is no different - from the CEO
to local management to operator, it involves everybody. According to the CEO, at First
Quantum, social responsibility comes from within and is embedded in the culture of the
company.
” All our communities are diverse; each has complex challenges that require unique solutions.
Yet these places are where we live and work. Although it all takes considerable effort, it’s personal
to us. These communities are on our doorstep and social responsibility is never far from our
mind”. (Philip Pascall – Chairman and CEO 2018)

69

Clement_Kasongo
Additionally, FQM has its beliefs in its origin of creating value as an important element,
but not at the expense of the people or communities within which the company operates.
The company believes that the welfare of the people and communities in which it operates
is important for building lasting relationships. Accordingly, learning is key to the
company’s success, and thus FQM believes that developing and mentoring those around
its operations has made the company to be where it is today. As a mining company, FQM
works within its sphere of influence. The company values partnerships with communities
and local and national governments.
The company’s beliefs are embedded in principles and policies. These principles outline
more specifically how it makes a positive impact for its workforce, communities and other
stakeholders. FQM principles are built around four pillars: Economically viable
investments, technically appropriate operations, environmentally sound practices and
socially responsible actions. The company aims to deliver these by: Implementing
environmental management systems in line with ISO 14001:2015; Improving community
relations

through

better

communications,

supporting

sustainable

community

development programs and establishing grievance procedures; respecting human rights;
and Implementing health and safety managements systems based on BSI/OHSAS
18001:2015. Moreover, the company also develops its employees in a fair and equitable
manner and provide equal opportunities by skills development via training and mentoring
schemes which enhance social and economic opportunities.
4.2.1. CSR activities and knowledge in the company
Throughout this section, results are introduced to the first empirical objective set out in
the introductory chapter with regard to case study 2. The first objective was: to identify
what CSR activities and knowledge are found in the company. The views included
industry-related activities, business history, competitive environment of the company,
and how they have they have changed/evolved in the past five years. Also, examples
related to practices to advance the related themes stated above were discussed
According to the interview, CSR is considered as an important aspect to the company, as
well as, to the surrounding communities’ development. The interviewees stated that, the
Trident Foundation (Foundation henceforth), an affiliate of Kalumbila Minerals Limited
is responsible for carrying out Corporate Social Responsibility of the firm. Similarly, the
interview revealed that, to show commitment and support for CSR initiatives, the
70

Clement_Kasongo
corporate head office has a public statement about the core values of the company
displayed in all public areas of the workplace for all to see and understand. Moreover, the
firm’s engagement with the environment is reviewed at the corporate level. “For us, we
are looking at what we call, the “social licence to operate” (Participant 4). As participant
5 described, the initial role of the foundation has been to execute the resettlement, connect
the company with the communities that where resettling and the communities around the
mining area of influence. Thereafter, mitigate the impact by constantly engaging the
communities, and to understand their areas of need and concern, and to be able to ask the
company to find a way of addressing those (Participant 5).
Typical CSR activities and programmes
According to the interview, CSR's overall value and the efforts made to organize and
implement it in the organization were seen as linked to the company's strategic strategy,
as well as the relevance of the term in its operational environment. This is highlighted in
the following quote.
“I report to the manager of the foundation, and the manager reports to the general
manager of this operation here. But he also is directly working with the group
CSR manager, who is managing number of operations in African. This CSR group
manager also reports to another manager who must report to the board on
matters of specifically CSR. So, you can see that it is given a lot of importance,
and some of the decisions of how we operate are determined by the board, because
they have a keen interest of what happens to the people when we are doing our
business.” (Participant 5)
Furthermore, one of the interviewees mentioned that, on the conclusion of the
resettlement, the Foundation’s area of concentration also shifted to now handling CSR,
“which for us is very important.” (Participant 5) The main areas of CSR concentration
were highlighted in the interview, which included: education support, health support,
conservation farming, local business development, training, scholarship, and wildlife
conservation.
“The Trident Foundation was created to basically just do CSR. In the Zambian
understanding, we have concentrated by looking at the baseline, which is what we
found before the start of this operation and we have determined the areas of need
in terms of education support, health support, conservation farming, local
business development, training, scholarships, and wildlife conservation.”
(Participant 5)

71

Clement_Kasongo
“There is a department for Health, Education, Local Business Development,
Training, Local Recruitment and Training, Livelihood support, and not only to
resettled communities, but also to the wider community. The livelihood support
takes the form of agriculture, bee keeping, some supported fish farming, vegetable
production, market linkage, etc. We also have an infrastructure development
programme, and wildlife conservation programme as well. We also have a
forestry farming, which is under the foundation, and falls under CSR.”
(Participant 4)
To be socially responsible, a business has to be accountable to itself and its shareholders
first. The interview revealed that the company implements CSR systems and has evolved
to the point that it can give back to society (Participant 5). Therefore, CSR was seen as
an essentially broad corporate strategy.
“We are here to make a profit, and we believe that you may never have a win-win
situation, but we think that there is something that we can give back to the
community in return for doing business in the areas in which we are found. We
have two types of communities around us. First, the communities that are directly
impacted by the project in one or two ways, starting with the people that have
been resettled. We have two resettlement areas, one in the north and one in the
south. Other than that, we also have communities that have been indirectly
affected. They are not resettled, but, because of the coming of the mine, they get
to be affected in one or two ways.” (Participant 5)
To further explain the actual scope and extent of various social responsibility related
activities, the interviewees were asked to identify the focus areas and standard CSR
practices within their organizations. The interview revealed numerous activities ranging
from economic, environmental, as well as, social aspect of CSR.
The interviews highlighted the social aspect of CSR, particularly from the point of view
of community development. For example, one interviewee mentioned that, prior to the
mine coming in the area, the place was a very rural community. He mentioned that there
was not much going on, or opportunity, literacy levels were low, education levels were
low, access to markets, jobs and income generation were low. People were living in a
very rural, subsistence life. However, at the coming in of the mining company, people’s
lives have been positively impacted, as well as, the environment. A town has been built
from scratch.
“As a corporation you cannot just come and push those people to the side and say
there is nothing for you. So, there must be a certain level of engagement, there
must be compensation, which was done through the resettlement plan. But, once
all of that is out of the way, those people must see that there was a positive impact

72

Clement_Kasongo
from this big investment coming into their area, and it is a very delicate and
sensitive, very tricky situation to manage.” (Participant 4)
However, the interview also emphasized that with the coming in of the mining operations
in the area, not everyone was going to benefit or get a job, or adequately be compensated.
Some people have their lives disrupted, and their homes moved. Particularly, the people’s
culture has changed. Consequently, “the role of the foundation is to manage that impact
and try to make sure that the impact is not a negative one, but a positive one.” (Participant
6.) As for environmental responsibility, the case company have been said to focus more
on areas such as mitigating the adverse environmental effects of the company, and
wildlife conservation.
“we are in partnership with Department of national Parks and Wildlife, and we
are supporting them to manage West-Lunga National Park and the surrounding
game management areas. This forms loosely part of our environmental
compliance, […] at the invitation of government we are trying to mitigate threat
of mining in the area.” (Participant 4)
Additionally, because of the nature of the mine industry, the interview also revealed that
many trees are cut down to pave way to mining operations. The interview showed that in
the mining sector, normally the cut down trees are piled up and then burnt. However, one
of the interviewees mentioned that, the company has taken advantage of this and created
work opportunities for the community.
“We have done this slightly differently, where we have built a sawmill and a
furniture factory. This has cost the company approximately USD2.5 million, we
have employment about 110 local carpenters and people that tend to work at the
sawmill. So, they produce all kinds of furniture: they make school desks for the
surrounding schools, they make fence poles, etc. That also falls under CSR.”
(Participant 4)
Based on the interview, it was also revealed that the company tries to invest in local
recruitment and training.
“We as CSR we are trying to lay a foundation in several different areas; local
training, local recruitment, local business, access to markets, market linkages,
sustainable agriculture, bee keeping from the forest, trying to look at ways we can
help the communities utilize the resources around in a positive way that can
sustain them.” (Participant 6)

73

Clement_Kasongo
4.2.2. CSR knowledge management
This section will include the results for the second empirical goal set out in the
introductory chapter of this thesis. The purpose of this section is to analyse how CSR
knowledge is identified, assimilated, and disseminated (capturing, sharing, and mapping
of knowledge among various actors, such as employees). Interviewee answers will be
addressed using the concepts defined from their viewpoints: who/which unit is
responsible? qualitative/quantitative objectives for CSR engagement and activities;
which factors are monitored? How is the strategy implemented in practice? Who is
responsible for the implementation? and what are the challenges involved?
As one respondent mentioned, dealing with people has no single formula. Different
stakeholders have different expectations and views. Therefore, what the Foundation tries
to do is implement the policies and values of the company.
“We recognize that this is their land, that this was their heritage, and this was
where they were living, and there has been a big disruption to that. So, we try to
see “how can we make that into a positive impact”. So, we are learning a lot of
lessons here, and we are trying to use those lessons in a way that help us all to
grow positively.” (Participant 4)
The interview revealed that different offices manage particular sections or departments,
of CSR and every year a budget is given. According to the interviewees, the budget is
donated by the FQM board, which runs all the activities of FQM businesses (Participant
4 & 5). Moreover, the Foundation decides on the activities in collaboration with the
stakeholders (e.g., the communities and government).
“We decide on the activities that we are going to do in conjunction with the
communities, and then we submit budgets, and get funding and then execute our
roles. In other words, we engage with company needs assessments with the
communities. We have field officers working in the communities feeding back
information to us, and then we design our work plans and our overall strategic
plan from that, and then we go and get funding from the mine.” (Participant 4)
In addition, the interviews showed that in relation to CSR, the organization already has
certain qualitative or quantitative goals. The set of goals and relevant metrics relevant
primarily to issues such as workplace health and safety (e.g., incident rates, number of
sick leaves), environmental management (e.g., eco certificates, carbon index, CO2
emissions), human rights, etcetera (Participant 4).

74

Clement_Kasongo
“Individual assessments are key in the process, and every year there is a review
for everyone. So, at least you have an opportunity to assess yourself, and to get
peers to assess you, and to get supervisors to assess you, and this way we measure
both qualitative and quantitative. You should be able to arrive at some fair level
of analysis.” (Participant 5)
“We set ourselves what we call key performance indicators (KPIs) or targets. So,
we set ourselves objectives, which are linked to long term objectives, and we set
ourselves short term targets, and then to achieve those targets we have a list of
KPIs. We know that we must meet to meet our targets. For example, we have our
livelihoods KPIs, how many beekeepers are signed up on to the programme? How
hectors of woodlands have their beehives protected? How much income is being
generated into the community. And then we produce monthly reports, and
quarterly reports and annual reports. Those KPIs are quantifiable and
measurable.” (Participant 4)
With regards to stakeholder engagement, the CSR team creates what is called a
stakeholder engagement strategy to handle CSR communication (Participant 6).
According to the interview, almost all respondents referred to the fact that information
exchange is always done through dialogue with different stakeholders (Participant 4 &
6). It was mentioned that internal dialogue is normally organized by the Human Resource
department.
“We can also look at providing CSR in terms of what we do for our employees
who are in the mine. For example, they need accommodation to be able to provide
the services that we require, the labour that we require, and they need a few other
things to be able to exist here and effectively contribute to the production of the
operation. But that is on the human resources side.” (Participant 4)
“Each department within the foundation produces a monthly report, where they
report on their KPIs and where they report on their activities for the month. There
is also a monthly financial report that comes out as well, we have budget meetings
to see where we are in terms of achieving our budget, and where we are in terms
of meeting our KPIs. So, it is a monthly report that fits into a quarterly and annual
report.” (Participant 4)
Internal CSR communication
To examine how CSR is communicated to employees and how they are engaged in social
responsibility projects, participants were asked to explain the communication and training
practices of employees in their company, including message content and target audience,
as well as the methods used.
When asked about the communication tools used by the firm to communicate CSR to its
stakeholders, the interview revealed that there are two categories of communication

75

Clement_Kasongo
channels. Those that are published (such us CSR reports, websites, brochures, social
media, etcetera), and the unpublished (CSR strategy papers, internal compliance
handbook, code of conduct, and other public statements in places of work). In addition,
communication tools, such us public relations (PR), and the local media, which are
directed at external stakeholders were also discussed.
“We use phones, WhatsApp, we use emails, we use face-to-face meetings, we use
toolbox talks, etc” (Participant 4)
“The notice boards, the toolbox meetings, peer group meetings, training services.
There is training eventually for everyone in the company, safety trainings, and all
the necessary tools that are required to ensure that the employee is effectively
contributing to the core business are provided.” (Participant 5)
“We have our own PR department that falls under the foundation, and they report
locally in the local media (ZANIS, local press, ZNBC). Then we also have a PR
contractor in Lusaka. They also put stuff out in the mainstream media for us.”
(Participant 6)
However, not every interviewee felt that CSR was communicated as it should. For
example, one respondent mentioned that there is no clear communication channel for
CSR, and this portrays a negative image about the company.
“However, there is no clear corporate communication channel or directive. FQM,
is perceived as not good at CSR because they do not report on it. But you get on
the ground, you actually see that we are doing quite a lot.” (Participant 4)
“I think we are going to need to improve our internal and external
communication, because we see it as an important tool for CSR.” Participant 6
Practices related to internal CSR communication and training
When asked about how internal CSR communication and training is done in practice,
there was consensus among the respondents that information is given to all employees. It
was also mentioned that in order for employees to do the right thing, they needed to have
the skills needed. Consequently, the company benefits from skilled employees in that that
they get to execute their functions effectively and efficiently. On the other hand,
employees feel empowered by the training, and in turn have their careers advanced. Thus,
there is a win-win situation for both parties.
“There is a very good flow of information, and for employees of a certain level
who have access to a computer and an email address, all information that is for
the knowledge of employees is generated on a regular basis. Even for employees

76

Clement_Kasongo
that do not have access to computers, we ensure that through the regular toolbox
discussions are provided with necessary information. So, the flow of information
is well taken care of.” (Participant 5)
“Most of the information goes to the field officers. There are some management
meetings also. I normally go to at least one training activity every year. This sort
of work I am doing is quite broad, and so I need lot of support in a lot of different
areas.” (Participant 4)
“We manage it, and we link up with the different departments in the mines. We
meet up with safety, we meet with ERT, we meet with the training department.
When they are doing applicable training to us, especially things like first aid, and
so on.” (Participant 6)
The interview revealed that in order to manage information flow, regular engagements
with the communities are done. According to the interviewees, communities are required,
through several platforms created, to inform the CSR team how they need to develop or
what it is they think will benefit them through CSR. This is done through community
representatives who are met on a quarterly basis to understand their areas of need, and in
order for the CSR team to be able to submit full budget support to various areas of
activities, such as training.
“So, basically it is just the engagement with the traditional leadership, the royal
establishment, the chiefs through the royal establishment, and through reviewing
some of the things which we have done in the past, which have made a positive
impact, and through also looking at some of the areas where we think that we
might need to polish up and do it better.” (Participant 5)
In addition, the interview showed that through community engagement, the CSR team is
well vested to agree with communities on the way forward in terms of support projects.
The interviewees mentioned that communities contribute to the projects in form of labour,
and otherwise, and this helps to reduce on the dependency syndrome in that there is
participation from both sides. This is expressed clearly in the following quotes.
“We do not like to make people feel that it is a handout, because handouts do not
usually yield the results that you need, and they create dependency kind of
tendency. So, where infrastructure projects are concerned, we have spoken in
agreement with the communities that they can contribute in kind in form of labour,
material support that is found locally, and then we provide the more important
aspects that require high value in terms of money, and it has usually worked out
very well for our infrastructure projects.” (Participant 6)
“To borrow form the words of our chief executive officer, there is a strong belief
in the people that surround this operation. We go into a community, and we start

77

Clement_Kasongo
a business in a community/around them. It is important for us to understand the
needs and challenges of the community and to begin to take a special and unique
interest what they are doing, or what they need, which is different from other
areas. So, each area is unique, and we need to do a localized approach to a
situation, and hands on kind of approach to managing the issues that they are
concerned with.” (Participant 4)
The importance of CSR communication and training in the company was also emphasized
in the interview. Although, some form of communication where seen to exist, one
respondent mentioned, “we are all very busy doing or own things, and we sometimes
forget that actually we are all in the same boat together, and so I think that is where
communication needs to be improved.” (Participant 4)
“Investors will score you as an index, how you perform, and CSR is one of the
parameters in that index, and for us, it brings our score down. Our investor’s
score comes down, because we are perceived as not doing a lot of CSR. It is not
because we are not doing it. It is because we are not talking about it.” (Participant
6)
Furthermore, asked about training and how the training department ensure that the
company has the right skilled and knowledgeable employees, the interview revealed that
people are taken from the community, seconded by the area chief to be trained as
operators (Participant 6). In addition, almost all the interviewee mentioned that,
consultations with the government are done to come up with the right programmes and
projects that will benefit both the community and the company.
“The government is fully involved. They know what we are doing and the help
that we are giving the people in terms of education. We work hand-in-hand with
the government, assisting local people.” (Participant 6)
It was explained that the objective of involving the local people in training was for their
long-term career benefit, in the event that the mine was no more. Also, some of the
interviewees raised employee engagement and motivation as a possible advantage of
internal CSR communication. This was also seen from a recruitment point of view, where
the focus for the community was primarily on CSR as a part of the employer value
proposition.
“From the baseline, we know that there have been low literacy levels in the area
and the challenge has been to train out several people that are unskilled to take
up skilled jobs in the mines. So, that is what has necessitated the training that we
are providing at different levels; tertiary level/university level so that we can have
local people participating in the employment market here.” (Participant 5)
78

Clement_Kasongo
Moreover, employee involvement in terms of CSR initiatives was discussed. The
interview revealed that due to the nature of work in mines, and that most of the CSR
initiatives are seen from the community support point of view, there is very little room
for CSR engagement on site by employees. However, within the mining operations,
particular initiatives, such as the environmental department, has been involved in keeping
a healthy environment. Similarly, this information is spread to all the employees and each
employee is expected to use his/her initiative to benefit the whole community. For
example, keeping the environment clean, avoiding littering the place, and keeping
themselves safe and arriving back home safe. (Participant 5)
Furthermore, to determine the Impacts of CSR, assessments and surveys are conducted.
According to the interview, this is normally done by independent consultants in order to
achieve an independent view on the subject. as Participant 6 mentioned in the following
example.
“For example, in 2014 we asked an economist, Professor Sasa to come and carry
out an independent audit of the operation. First, in terms of mining related
challenges, legislations, government legislation and how it is impacting us, and
how other things could impact the business, and how we relate with communities,
and how either that is having a positive or negative impact on what we do in
general. So, when we engage private consultants, one would be made to believe
that they bring out independent reports that will help you to assess on whether
what you are doing has a positive or negative impact or whether CSR is having a
positive or negative impact on the business.” (Participant 6)
Regarding the strategy for CSR communication, the interview showed that key CSR
problems are defined and effectively incorporated into the culture, image, decisionmaking process and operations of a company; while developing a structure for effective
oversight and stakeholder participation. This is done by ensuring that the necessary
information gets to the very least person in the company in the quickest possible time.
“First of all, a happy employee is a productive employee, and if you do not
communicate then you create resentment, unhappy people and this affects
production. So, it is imperative upon the units in charge of communication to make
sure that they do a good job, because dissatisfaction, resentments can happen
over a very minor thing. For example, if there is poor communication about just
meals, which the employees are entitled to every day at their place of work, they
have to take the meal provided by the company. If there is any information lacking
about a specific item like meals it can create a lot of disharmony, and result in
protests, disruption of production, and that affect business.” (Participant 5)

79

Clement_Kasongo
In order for the organization to communicate and train CSR activities to the employees,
the interviewees mentioned that there is a designed plan by HR to identify available and
missing skills for a particular role. The respondents stated that the HR department ensure
that a plan for each individual in the company to be trained in specific areas is outlined.
Moreover, the interview revealed that a component of training in various skills for all
employees is made available by the training unit. This is expressed in the following quotes
from the respondents.
“HR will identify those areas of need, and then design a programme to ensure
that a group of people are trained at a specific time. Meanwhile, there are
trainings that are ongoing for all employees, for example, refresher courses on
matters of safety, doing one module onto another, until you graduate.”
(Participant 4)
“There is a system of understanding the various needs, demand for training, skills
identifications, missing skills, skills that you need to carry out certain jobs. If those
are missing, then they create a programme to ensure that those employees that
need a certain skill at a certain level of work are trained in a particular area.”
(Participant 5)
“All of us are expected to do the right thing because we have gotten the training
that we need. So, when we achieve that, it obviously taken for granted that you
will be able to execute your functions even more effectively than you did before.
So, that is a benefit on the part of the company. On the part of the employee, again
you feel that you are being empowered, because each time you learn something
new, and it adds to your CV, and they use your skills and knowledge you have
achieved, even after you leave employment or when you are not doing your work.
So, the benefits are both ways.” (Participant 5)
4.2.3. CSR knowledge management as a competitive advantage
Findings to the third empirical objective set out in the introductory chapter will be
presented in this section. The aim of the third objective was to investigate how CSR
knowledge management can be an opportunity to generate and sustain the company’s
competitive advantage (why does it affect employees). When asked about what drives the
firm to engage in CSR, several issues where raised. First, the company values where
highlighted. As one responded mentioned, “as you see from that poster statement, they
say itis in our DNA.” Another interviewee added that “It is the right thing to do, we have
an opportunity here to demonstrate positive and sustainable development, and so they
said, we need to take that opportunity and we need to make sure that the development
that we are doing leaves a positive legacy.” (Participant 4)

80

Clement_Kasongo
In addition, the benefits the company gains from CSR initiatives were discussed, and the
interviewees gave numerous reasons. First, that there is a shift in the world of business
today. Companies are no longer expected to simply make profits (Participant 5). But that
there is a growing number of forces trying to make sure organizations are operating
responsibly. For example, one of the interviewees mentioned that in this digital age, social
media has been used by many to scrutinize companies not acting responsibly (Participant
6), with questions raised:
“are you a responsible company? Or are you a company that abuses
human rights, abuses the environment, and exploit for your own profit
without doing something to protect it? So, if you behave in that way,
sooner or later it is going to come out and it is going to be reflected, and
it is going to have an impact on your share price, it is going to have an
impact of investor confidence. So, already the investors in the extraction
industry are looking, not just at how you mine copper, but how do you
interact with those around you?” (Participant 5)
Furthermore, the interview revealed that CSR is vital to the company for investor
confidence. As one respondent expressed, “companies nowadays have to demonstrate
their gains every day due to pressures from the community and other concerned
organizations.” (Participant 4) Moreover, mines have been scrutinized for polluting the
environment because of their activities.
“Investor confidence, firstly, and secondly, it benefits them because of the
public image and how they are perceived by the wider community. Thirdly,
it is the social licence to operate. If the broader environment is going to
suffer, the communities are going to suffer, at some point work is going to
stop, and your bottom line is going to be affected. Lastly, do not forget
these guys are in it to make profit, and if you do not pay attention to your
community and to your environment around you, somewhere down the line
it is going to cost you money.” (Participant 5)
“So, we are taking a sort of proactive, pre-emptive approach, to say let us
mitigate the threat now at source so that it does not cost us much down the
line. And a lot of mining companies that have been around for a long time
have been stung like that, they have ended up paying because of things
they overlooked of their communities of their broader environment. So,
the bottom line is always profit, and there is a profit element to it, but it is
also the social licence to operate, and it is also, as they say, it is the right
thing to do. We want to be a responsible investor.” (Participant 6)
The respondents stated that because of the growing expectation from the stakeholders,
such as the communities, the government, and business partners, being socially and

81

Clement_Kasongo
environmentally responsible was seen as an important aspect of the company. The
interview revealed that dialogue – when meaningful - contributes to trust, relationship,
shared decision-making, and legitimacy. In other words, reputation for the organization
was important.
“If we are acting responsibly, that is a benefit both to the community and to
ourselves. We have a reputation to protect as a company, and it is important that
we act responsibly and get the full benefit out of it. So, just acting responsibly
provides us the benefit that we need in carrying out our business.” (Participant 5)
“As we grow, we do not need to lose sight of our culture and our spirit that defines
our organization. So, we realize that we have a duty in the communities in which
we work, and we engage. It is just important to note that we have a social licence
to operate, and we can only achieve it if we are living in harmony with the
community and the environment that surrounds us. And we make sure that areas
that have been impacted will get the necessary mitigation to ensure that situations
do not go to extreme, including the people, the environment. So, that on its own is
a very important aspect.” (Participant 6)
Moreover, one interviewee also added employee commitment and motivation as a
potential benefit for CSR knowledge management.
“We have the workforce, and if we are acting responsibly then we ensure that we
have a happy and productive workforce. That is important to the business.”
(Participant 5)
Another respondent mentioned moral obligation as a benefit for engaging in CSR
initiatives as an organisation.
“If we are acting responsibly, it means that we are working in conformity with the
laid down policies of the country and we will exist without any challenges doing
our businesses.” (Participant 6)
“They did not just want to come here and dig a hole, they wanted to show that
this can be a positive and sustainable development. And the work that we do,
particularly this wildlife conservation work has attracted the attention of some
very major organizations overseas who are saying that they are liking this
approach. So, we are trying to demonstrate that this sort of mineral exploitation
can be used for a positive way to the wider environment of the community.”
(Participant 4)
“As a responsible business we are doing what is required and what is legally
required by law, and that we are aware of human rights situations in the
communities in which we are doing business.” (Participant 5)

82

Clement_Kasongo
4.2.4. Management and implementation challenges of CSR
This section will present the results for the fourth empirical target set out in the
introductory chapter. The fourth objective had as its goal to examine factors affecting the
management and implementation of CSR. According to the interviewees, the firm faces
numerous challenges in its management and implementation of CSR initiatives. Some of
the challenges discussed included: stakeholder engagement (negative press), lack of
infrastructure development, dependency mindset of the community, bureaucracy,
etcetera.
“I think one of the most difficult areas for the foundation is engagement with some
of the key stakeholders and the community. How that engagement unfolds, there
is a lot of negative press about some of the impacts.” (Participant 5)
“There is a lot of people living around that area, and there is no infrastructure in
that area. There is no tourism, there are no animals, and it is so difficult to show
the people that in this area there is something that we should conserve. Because
they are not deriving much benefits from it. So, that is the most challenging thing.”
(Participant 4)
The goodness is that the people, and their chiefs have been very supportive of what we
are trying to do.
“It is remote, infrastructure is poor, the road networks are poor, and the road to
get here is ok, but from here getting anywhere else is a challenge. We have a five
months rain season, and that makes it very challenging.” Participant 6
It was also mentioned in the interview that working with traditional leadership can be
challenging, because, they have a different perception of CSR, and this increases the
demand on the CSR team. However, despite this challenge, the interview revealed that
people, and there are supportive (Participant 4).
In addition, one respondent described a ‘dependency mindset’ in which the community
look to the company to provide them with services as a reward for social and
environmental damage. He mentioned that, people feel that they do not own the project,
because the organization originally offered the tool they are responsible for. Moreover,
the interview revealed that the community does not have the expertise needed to sustain
a project because existing resources have not been used to execute it. Consequently,
initiatives implemented in this way cannot remain functional without continued support
from the company. The following quote clearly shows this.

83

Clement_Kasongo
“The first challenge, which I did mention earlier is dependency. Dependency in
the sense that we have resettled communities, the people that have been directly
impacted by the project, and we have carried out an involuntary resettlement. And
when you do that, people think that you have a lifelong commitment and obligation
to provide for the communities, and that on its own is a challenge. You can never
have a time when communities can work independently with the kind of resource
available in the communities and the entities that they have to be able to fend for
themselves or to exploit the situation like that and make business out of the fact
that there is an existing mine, they can provide this and make money for
themselves. All that is obliterated by the demand for more things like handouts.”
(Participant 5)
Furthermore, the interview also explained the concern that when CSR is overdone, it
results into reluctance by the government to do its duty. This development was alluded
to the fact that there is scarcity of resources to provide services for the communities from
the government’s point of view, and thus, that responsibility is somehow placed upon the
mining company.
“… when you carry out CSR you might be required to replace government in
certain areas as in these communities, where it is possible that government
projects are rare and when people see development, they relate it with the
operations that is in their area. Because of that, it is possible for communities to
feel that the responsibility of mining operations that are providing CSR is to
continue doing things that government is supposed to do.” (Participant 6)
Aside from the problems mentioned above, the interviewees also highlighted the
bureaucracies involved in decision-making and implementing CSR. The interviewees
have implicitly emphasized the role of government. The power or restriction of the
Government is illustrated in the following remarks:
“They see a long-term vision, and they have signed up for this public/private
community partnership. The government is also a key partner in that, but “the
wheels of government turn slowly”. So, we have got bureaucracy in governments,
we have got bureaucracy at the mine, and these two things are just making
progress difficult.” (Participant 4)
This seems interesting to note, however, particularly when the government and the firm
consider such initiatives by firms as contributing to the provision of goods and services
for the citizenry, especially when the government lacks the financial strength and
resources to meet for the citizens’ needs.

84

Clement_Kasongo
5. CROSS-CASE ANALYSIS
In this chapter, the thesis examines, in the cross-case analysis, which places the two cases
indicate the same points, where they differ, and where the two cases conflict. The results
are profiled and clarified in line with the research objectives (see section 1.3.) in order to
recapture the findings from each case, as presented in the previous chapter, and to allow
comparison.
5.1. CSR activities and knowledge in the company
The existence and level of the company's different political, social cultural and economic
contexts, as described in the literature review, have a significant effect on how CSR
activities and practices are managed and communicated to employees and other
stakeholders. The first objective for this study was to identify what CSR activities and
knowledge are found in the company. Therefore, in order to study CSR knowledge
management in organisations, it was important to first understand the underlying attitudes
and expectations of workers towards the definition in general. For this purpose,
participants’ perspectives on the importance and content of CSR activities are reviewed.
The section is categorized into CSR activities, impacts, and types of knowledge.
5.1.1. CSR activities
It can be seen from the findings of both case companies discussed in the previous chapter
that stakeholders (particularly, communities and government) are gradually calling for
more ethical and sustainable mining activities, causing the companies to rethink the
importance of developing impactful CSR programmes. Growing the pressure further,
people across the operational areas are actively seeking a greater say in how the mining
companies exploit and extract resources out of their communities. The peculiar thing of
both case companies is that they needed to go where they had to physically find the
resources they wanted. These areas are largely rural, environmentally sensitive and are
inhabited by indigenous peoples, who would not equally receive the economic benefits
of development. As seen from the previous chapter, interviewees from both case
companies mentioned that creating a CSR programme that is not only well-defined but
well-executed is therefore essential if a resource firm wants to maintain its social license
to operate, particularly as a foreign company in a host jurisdiction.

85

Clement_Kasongo
In addition, it was discussed in the interviews that CSR programmes are seen as a
reasonable way of compensating communities for the social and environmental costs
associated with mining, while at the same time engaging the community through
participation in the mining projects. According to the interviewees, in order to obtain a
‘social license’ to operate, the mining companies must offer benefits to local
communities. Knowledge of respondents about the alleged presence of various CSR
activities of the case companies in the communities were examined. The variables used
are according to the claims by respondents the companies have done or achieved with
their surrounding communities. These activities are classified here into four groups:
health-related activities, education-related activities, community-related support and
livelihood-related activities.
Health related CSR activities
Table 8 summarizes the findings from the respondents’ answers to health-related CSR
practices.
Table 8. Health-related CSR activities
CSR initiatives
- Rollback malaria programme
- HIV sensitization and treatment
programme
- Hospitals
- Clinics

KCM
X
X
X
X

FQM’s KML

X

While similar in what each company provides in terms of health, there are variations in
what most respondents in each company identify by response. Further review of the
responses shows that such facilities are not generally situated in the respondents’ same
town or village but at a place they can reach, or an area within the reach for the
communities.
Education related CSR activities
Table 9 summarizes the findings from the respondents’ answers to education-related CSR
activities.

86

Clement_Kasongo
Table 9. Education-related CSR activities
CSR activities
KCM
- School building
X
- Scholarship programmes
X
- Promote learning opportunities for X
vulnerable children
- Promote and support education at all X
levels

FQM’s KML
X
X

Community support related activities
Table 10 summarizes the findings from the respondents’ answers to community support
related activities.
Table 10. Community support related CSR activities
CSR activities
Road infrastructure
Construction of clinics
Installation of a solar powered borehole
Community resettlement project

KCM
X
X
X

FQM’s KML
x
X

From the interviews it could be seen that community support by mining companies to
communities had the highest responses. This may be because CSR indicates that the
company takes an interest in broader social problems, not just those that affect their profit
margins, attracting stakeholders who hold the same values. Therefore, working
sustainably makes good economic sense.
Further review of the responses revealed the frustration and resentment of the local
communities in both mining area regarding the deplorable state of their road which serves
as the main route for the vehicles of the mining company and the communities. As one
respondent mentioned, “infrastructure is poor, the road networks are poor, and the road
to get here is ok, but from here getting anywhere else is a challenge. We have a five
months rain season, and that makes it very chllenging.” (Participant 4)
Livelihood related CSR activities
Table 11 summarizes the findings from the respondents’ answers to livelihood related
activities. In the interviews from both companies, respondents acknowledge that the
companies have offered employment and training to local people. For example, KCM has
87

Clement_Kasongo
an agricultural project in Chililabombwe, and a leather project, where youths are trained
to make leather products (such as safety boots and gloves) that are supplied to the mines
and the general public. Similarly, the wildlife conservation programme by FQM has
attracted the attention of some important international organizations, and thus attraction
collaboration with various stakeholders.
Table 11. Livelihood related activities
CSR activities

KCM

FQM

Training of local people

X

X

Employment creation and skills development

X

X

Providing accommodation to employees

X

X

Local empowerment projects

X

X

Support appropriate initiatives to stimulate diversification of existing X

X

economic activity

However, review of the questions posed by respondents to share their feelings about CSR
initiatives showed that their answers were merely in appreciation of the presence or
success of these initiatives, but not a confirmation of their satisfaction with them. Some
respondents alleged that not everyone benefits from such initiatives.
5.1.2. CSR impacts
This section compares the CSR activities in the two case companies from the
environmental, economic and social dimensions point of view. Drawing from the
interview results presented in the previous chapter, it can be seen that all the two case
companies had goals of providing environmental benefits as well as social and economic
benefits, as seen from their policies and values, more or less explicitly stated. All the case
studies have produced visual impacts on the environment. FQM’s Sentinel, for example,
was a successful project in the sense that it changed a district from being a village to a
sustainable urban district. Likewise, KCM’S installation of a solar powered borehole,
which provides year-round water to the communities.
Regarding environmental impact, both companies have clearly led to increased use of
sustainable CSR initiatives. It was striking to understand how entrepreneurial skills by
both case companies have been on their CSR agenda. For example, as alluded to by one
88

Clement_Kasongo
of the interviewees from FQM, many trees are cut down and burnt by mines, instead, the
company has taken initiative to create employment from what could have been wasteful
resources. These projects are essential to the economic development of communities.
“we have done this slightly differently, where we have built a sawmill and a
furniture factory. This has cost the company approximately USD2.5 million , we
have employement about 110 local capenters and people that tend to work at the
saw mill. So, they produce all kinds of furniture: they make school desks for the
surounding schools, they make fence poles, etc.” (Participant 4)
Notwithstanding the fact that most of the interviewees stated the value of evaluating
expected impacts, however, it was not necessarily prioritized in the projects. Generally,
it was discussed in almost all interviews how evaluations are rarely undertaken. The
reasons behind this have been spoken of as lack of resources, bureaucracy and poor
commitment.
Furthermore, with regards to economic and societal impacts, neither of the two case
studies, KCM and FQM, seemed to have assessment tools for social or economic impacts.
Interviewees did emphasize of the possible co-benefits CSR knowledge management can
provide, such as the examples stipulated earlier of leather projects by KCM or the
livelihood programme of beekeeping by FQM. The projects have been able to create
employment for the local people.
However, in both cases, companies have been accused of planned transformation and a
redrawing of the area, for instance, where indigenous people in Kalumbila (in the case of
FQM) were resettled and the area turned into a new exclusive residential area. This is an
example of the importance of communicating changes in a transparent way and how large
changes must gain acceptance by the community. It also shows how urban sustainability
entails trade-offs, thus not necessarily positive outcomes for everyone.
Most interviewees argued that it is neither more difficult nor more expensive to
implement CSR initiatives, but that problems are often of organisational character. For
example, in the case of FQM, there are many people living around the West Lunga
National Park area, and there is poor infrastructure, rarely any tourism or animals, and
thus making it dificult to convince people of the importance of the area for conservation
purposes.

89

Clement_Kasongo
5.1.3. Types of knowledge related CSR activities
Table 12 summarizes the findings from the respondents’ answers to CSR knowledge
related activities. It could be seen from the responses by interviewees regarding
knowledge that, the CSR knowledge mostly found in both case companies relate to
organizational governance, emanating from strategies, objectives and targets, and well as,
human development and training in the workplace.
Table 12. CSR knowledge related activities
CSR activities
- Create/nature a CSR environment
- Stakeholder management
- Monitoring and measurement
- Communication
- Review and evaluation
- Skills development, training and
advancement

KCM
X
X
X
X
X
career X

FQM’s KML
X
X
X
X
X
X

There are two key types of knowledge, as stated in the literature (Nonaka 1994; Nonaka
& Takeuchi 1995). In both case companies, the goal with commitments and other
quarterly meetings with stakeholders was to provide tacit knowledge to the CSR teams
involved in the projects, while investing time and money on project assessment. As a
result, the knowledge was not only applied to new independent projects but was
incorporated into other project decision-making and preparation. In interviews from both
case companies, it is discussed how knowledge from one project was implemented
directly in other projects, which improved the chances of success. On the other hand, this
has resulted in more practical knowledge, transmitted through communication and faceto-face meetings, but also through documentation and reports (explicit knowledge).
5.2. CSR knowledge management
To understand how corporate social responsibility is implemented and managed in the
case companies, interviewees were asked to describe the management practices most
commonly associated with CSR, organizational processes and roles, as well as specific
goals and metrics for CSR engagement. The interviews suggested that both organizations
have a systematic way to manage and organize CSR. In addition, as noted from the level
of engagement ranging from identifying the concept and the main focus areas to a more

90

Clement_Kasongo
systematic execution of concrete CSR related targets, both case companies had CSR on
their agenda.
In this section, the cross-case analysis of results from the semi-structured interview with
the case companies following the second research objective presented in section 1.3. is
given. The second objective was to analyse how CSR knowledge is identified,
assimilated, and disseminated (capturing, sharing, and mapping of knowledge among
various actors, such as employees). The section will flow in this order: organizational
culture, stakeholder engagement, and knowledge resources.
Regarding organisational culture, results from both case companies revealed that
knowledge exchange is enabled when there is a willingness to learn and an organisational
culture which enables changes. As mentioned all the two case studies had as their main
purpose to generate new knowledge, meant for future use. However, even though it could
be seen from the responses by interviewees that knowledge management is more effective
when it is included in the budget and aim of the project, both case companies had no
separate budget for knowledge management. Nonetheless, interviewees acknowledged
that there is an allocated budget towards CSR related initiatives.
Furthermore, interviews showed that all the two case companies have an organisational
culture were experimentation and learning from trial and error was acceptable. All the
interviewees for the two case companies acknowledged to have had collaborations
through, for example, employee training, and other stakeholders’ meetings, with the
allowance of sharing ideas, knowledge and expectations. One interviewee explains how
important it was with a good collaboration and high trust between them (stakeholders).
All stakeholders involved were clear with what they wanted to achieve but at the same
time always supportive.
In addition, it was seen from the interview that a well-functioning, open communication,
and collaborative organization structure is argued as essential in the management of CSR
knowledge. Nonetheless, these factors are generally missing, and the learning obtained
from CSR initiatives also involves improving collaboration between stakeholders.
Furthermore, they relate to how to ensure that all interested parties have access to
information, and that communication channels are made as clear as possible to all
stakeholders.

91

Clement_Kasongo
As information is passed from one CSR initiative to another, interviewees demonstrated
how individuals play an important role in knowledge transfer. For example, in the
interview, the issue of knowledge transfer was addressed:
“Liaison officers are given strategic sites to manage, and also receive issues,
concerns, and translate them. So, if that particular issue is a grievance, then that
grievance requires mitigation. So, from there we have the grievance mechanism,
which spring in some projects. What I mean is, if for example, the issues boarders
on water, we will think about it and say, look, this problem has been coming and
its emanating from the need for water and material. So, we will design a project
to counter that and help the people.” (Participant 5)
“Through reviewing some of the things which we have done in the past, which
have made a positive impact, and through also looking at some of the areas where
we think that we might need to polish up and do better. That gives us a better
experience to agree with communities where we think we should forge and
provide the support.”(Participant 2)
Moreover, the fact that knowledge is embedded in an individual is an advantage, but it
can also theoretically prevent the transfer of knowledge. There is a possibility in all
projects that knowledge may be lost when individuals change jobs or when consultants
are employed. When the project is finished, the person leaves with the acquired
knowledge. Although, in some interviews (FQM) the use of consultants was seen as a
positive method in terms of independence of reporting, evaluation of projects is therefore
essential for recognizing the knowledge acquired and making it available and recorded.
Regarding stakeholder engagement, it was clear from the interviews that CSR is a
fundamental component of a number of stakeholders and cross-sectoral partnerships.
Moreover, interview results from both companies showed that managing CSR awareness
will allow for new networks and collaborations, and therefore CSR knowledge sharing is
highly dependent on a mass of people working together to understand and use it.
Consequently, for the two case companies as seen from the interviewees’ perspectives,
including the public-citizens and communities is always necessary. Similarly,
interviewees acknowledged that the advantages of CSR programmes are more readily
recognized by the public and appreciated if they are engaged directly. Therefore,
collaboration is essential for CSR's innovation pathways because information from
multiple fields is the creativity formula. Innovation can occur at many different levels and
on many ways entail creating something new.

92

Clement_Kasongo
Furthermore, interviewees continuously mentioned the importance of communicating
with people, and it was discussed how CSR is not only allowed by governance initiatives
but through the combination of Top-down and Bottom-up processes. Hence, interviews
from both companies showed that stakeholders are able to create a supporting CSR
network and establish partnerships. Likewise, expectations of CSR initiatives may be
compromised if understanding of the role of the CSR is not communicated and
understood by stakeholders. In both KCM and FQM, different information platforms
were used to increase the awareness of CSR.
In addition, successful implementation and maintenance of CSR initiatives in both KCM
and FQM depend on the availability and use of resources such as knowledge, financial
means and technologies. Results from the interviews revealed that CSR is very context
specific and therefore require adaptation to where it is implemented. For example, as one
KCM interviewee mentioned:
“We are sister company with Kansanshi. They are also carrying out CSR, both
internally and externally. Both Kansanshi and us are guided by CSR strategy, but
how we impliment it might slightly varry with what they are doing there. Also
because of the understanding that we work in communities that are unique.
Problems of Kansanshi with its employees and the communities may not be
exactly the problems that we face here with our communities and our employees.”
(Participant 5)
In each of the case companies there is nothing like “one size fits all” but rather tailormade solutions for specific CSR initiatives. However, as one interviewee pointed out,
communication, organisation and management are skills, which are always desirable in
CSR implementation, especially because CSR require involvement and coordination
between many stakeholders. One interviewee explained:
“We link up with the different departments in the mines. We meet up with safety,
we meet with ERT, we meet with the training department, when they are doing
applicable training to us, especially things like first aid, and so on.” (Participant
4)
Technology wise it is most vital to develop technology and techniques which support the
use of CSR initiatives. The necessity to develop better tools in assessing CSR impacts
and benefits has been mentioned by the interviewees. The currently used techniques do
not always give high quality or precise assessments. For example, in the case where
information is passed through computers, not every employee has access to information,

93

Clement_Kasongo
as a result of the nature of mining work. Thus, management need to come up with better
techniques that would allow everyone to have access to information at any given point in
time.
5.3. CSR knowledge management as a competitive advantage
Findings to the third empirical objective set out in the introductory chapter will be
presented in this section. The aim of the third objective was to investigate how CSR
knowledge management can be an opportunity to generate and sustain the company’s
competitive advantage (why does it affect employees).In the interview, the importance of
internal communication and training of CSR for the organization, as well as, the
involvement of employees in CSR related activities in the organization were discussed.
The role of people and organisations in the implementation and use of CSR initiatives
was discussed in the interview. This variable is highly connected to cognitive factors since
facilitators and champions for CSR are likely feeling responsible for the environment and
believe solutions must integrate CSR knowledge management in some way. Among the
interviewees some were optimistic in their belief that the companies have a good
knowledge base and power to influence the use of CSR knowledge management as a
competitive advantage. However, the other interviewees meant that many old practices
and ideas still exist in their departments. Top-down facilitation was seen as an important
way of bringing change, and CSR was highlighted as an essential driver for stakeholder
engagement and competitive advantage. Nevertheless, bottom-up facilitation was also
important in enabling changes. For instance, to ensure the influence of employee on CSR
training and development, FQM has developed a programme where employees are
required to: make recommendations on issues related to specific needs; address any
accidents at the workplace and assist in the planning of skills identification; and perform
other functions as prescribed. Likewise, KCM has the stakeholder engagement policy,
which ensures successful participation and consultation. Similarly, employees are
encouraged to engage in different programmes, such as the' Going Green Forum,' where
different employee-related topics are discussed.
In addition, the interviews revealed that both case companies provide all employees with
equal and non-discriminatory access to skills development, training, and career
advancement opportunities. Moreover, it was mentioned that the both organizations aim
to ensure that the safety and environmental training needs are defined and addressed by
94

Clement_Kasongo
all employees and that the training is suitable for the activities of each employee.
Consequently, interviewees from both case companies where of the view that involving
employees in CSR initiatives leads to employee commitment and motivation.
Furthermore, because CSR is a term in the field of sustainability, it is typically preferred
in a situation where environmental legislation becomes more stringent with increased
demand for sustainability and environmentally friendly activities with reduced
environmental impact. Nonetheless, it is important to stress that in the view of
respondents from both case companies, CSR policies and legislations are seen to be
influenced by existing targets and expectations and respond to what is viewed as
important. This is consistent with Carroll & Shabana’s (2010) argument that unplanned
and insincere CSR is counterproductive and risks negative connotations from their
stakeholders instead. Therefore, as Orlitzky et al. (2003) contend, it is critical that CSR
activities align strategically with firm-level objectives. For example, it was stated in the
interview that Zambian goals like the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) also
have a clear influence on CSR knowledge management pathways. It does take some time,
however, for the new regulation, agreements and attempts to move from national down
to corporate legislation and districts. For example, one respondent from KCM mentioned
that it was from such policies that the company draws up a corporate social investment
programme (CSI).
However, legislation can also hinder or at least complicate the process of implementing
CSR. One interviewee from FQM explained how that, if companies are acting responsbly,
it means that they are working in conformity with the laid down policies of the country
and thus, will exist without any challenges doing businesses (Participant 5). In general,
CSR initiatives are not solely driven by regulation and legislation, but also by moral
obligation. As one respondent from KCM stated:
“it is less of a corporate mandate, more of an ethical issue. We do not see the
benefit of it, as long as the communities are happy […] the way the community
around you behaves acts as an indicator of how environmentally sustainable your
operations are.” (Participant 1)
The same can be noticed in how responsible in its operations a company is, such as, in
answering the questions like: How pleased are the shareholders? Or how does the
company treat its employees? How does it take care of the environment? Potentially,

95

Clement_Kasongo
results from both case companies showed that there is increasing pressure to implement
CSR from voluntary initiatives, which has an impact of share price, as well as, company
reputation (Participant 4).
5.4. Management and implementation challenges of CSR
The fourth objective had as its goal to examine factors affecting the management and
implementation of CSR. Therefore, results from the interviews will be analysed in this
section. In order to understand the challenges of CSR management, as well as, shed some
light on the overall business case for implementation and communication of social
responsibility, the respondents were asked to address the main challenges of
implementing CSR in practice.
In comparison, the interviews showed that the two case companies have varying
challenges with regard to CSR implementation. However, interviewees also mentioned
some common challenges, such as, dependency mindset of the people and road
infrastructure. Moreover, people's attitude and awareness concerning environmental
problems, and more specifically CSR initiatives, was seen as a significant factor
influencing the CSR knowledge management. In the interviews, it was shown how some
leaders from the community have old ideas and view conventional solutions as superior
to the CSR initiatives. This resistance to change might arise from low awareness of the
benefits and services provided by CSR solutions and environmental problems. It can also
be fear people have of trying new things. Interviewees mentioned how there sometimes
is low engagement in the departments concerning CSR. According to one respondent, the
lack of access to computers by all employees hinder the flow of information.
However, in case KCM interviews also anticipated that the knowledge base of CSR has
become much better and that the CSR initiatives are increasingly integrated into
policymaking and urban planning. All the two case companies prove that there is a high
willingness to learn how to implement and use CSR initiatives in the companies, but many
are pilot projects and the first of their kind. Consequently, these projects might in due
course result in improved knowledge base and acceptance in the companies.
Furthermore, some of the interviewees at FQM mentioned how the company has an
institutional setup, where many departments share responsibility for the environmental
work. According to one interviewee, governance structure can increase the likeliness of

96

Clement_Kasongo
getting influences and inputs form a broad range of stakeholders. In FQM some of the
interviewees express good collaboration between stakeholders and points out how it has
clearly improved in the last five years. However, when there is a high number of
stakeholders involved it is essential with a well-structured organisation, where everyone
knows their responsibility as well as good communication and cooperation.
The differences in challenges faced by the two companies can be due to local
geographical contexts (see section 5.2.). Several interviewees expressed how local events
and geography highly influence what is prioritised in the organization. Table 13 below
summarize the challenges faced by the two case companies in CSR knowledge
management implementation.
Table 13. CSR knowledge management implementation challenges
Challenges
-

KCM
The feeling of entitlement
by communities

Dependency
mindset

-

FQM’s KML
Reluctance by government
to do its duty (lack of
resources)
Lack of expertise to sustain
projects (pressure for
continual support)

-

Launching

-

Government restrictions
Slow process by
management

CSR
communication

-

Lack of infrastructure
Ineffective communication
process

-

Negative press
CSR initiatives perceived
different by stakeholders

Other

-

Road infrastructure
development

-

Road infrastructure
development

Bureaucracy

97

Clement_Kasongo
6. DISCUSSION
The aim of this thesis was to explore corporate social responsibility knowledge
management at two Zambian mining companies and how organizations can bring this
knowledge into action to improve their competitiveness. This was for the reasons that,
there is a growing interest by organization in strategic CSR activities being integrate into
their objectives and goals to stay competitive; the scarcity of original theoretical
framework of CSR on developing countries (Tilt 2016); and a limited research on
knowledge management in the context of CSR Glavas (2016). Therefore, to achieve this
purpose, the primary research question: How does CSR knowledge management impact
an organization? was formulated. To answer the central question, the following four subquestions were asked: SQ1: What are the steps involved to integrate CSR initiatives into
the business and corporate strategy? SQ2: How is CSR knowledge identified, assimilated
and communicated with the organizations? and SQ3: What are the main challenges
associated with implementing CSR knowledge management initiatives in the focal
organizations? SQ4: How can CSR knowledge management generate and sustain
competitive advantage?
The key results of this research are summarized in this chapter, based on the literature
review, empirical data for a multiple case study, and a within and cross-case analyses.
First, answers to the research question will be presented, from the main research question,
through each of the sub-questions set to achieve the purpose of this study. Thereafter a
discussion will be given on the findings which will illustrate the value and meaning of
the findings in line with the review of the literature.
6.1. Answering the research question
This study was set to explore corporate social responsibility knowledge management at
two Zambian mining companies and how organizations can bring this knowledge into
action to improve their competitiveness. The central research question was therefore
phrased as follows:
RQ: How does CSR knowledge management impact an organization?
Firstly, an organization’s ability to be sustainable and competitive was based on the
literature review, which was then checked through the insights and viewpoints of

98

Clement_Kasongo
respondents to the semi-structured interviews. The reason for this was to compare theory
and reality as it contributes to competitive advantage on how organizations manage their
knowledge of CSR.
Based on the results from the analysis chapter, CSR knowledge management impact an
organization in numerous ways. The study demonstrates a correlation between CSR
knowledge management and firm competitive advantage. The data suggest that
knowledge management provides an understanding for improving CSR activities.
Moreover, the results indicate that knowledge management affects CSR practices in
different and positive ways. The findings show that managing CSR knowledge is
instrumental for establishing a safe working atmosphere, sustainable and desirable
products and services, encouraging employee engagement in CSR activities, as well as,
protecting the environment. Another promising finding was that internal and external
forces of CSR have an influence on CSR knowledge management, which has influence
on voluntary CSR strategies (see Figure 17 on page 108 on the relationship between CSR
knowledge management and firm competitive advantage, a modified conceptual
framework). From the review above, the key findings emerge:
-

Effective implementation of CSR initiatives

-

New knowledge creation (leading to innovativeness)

-

Competitive advantage (organizational performance)

-

Risk management and compliance

The answer to the research question is explained further using the study’ four subquestions as follows.
SQ1: What are the steps involved to integrate CSR initiatives into the business
and corporate strategy?
First, integrating CSR into the business corporate strategy takes into perspective both
ethical and economical aspects of the business. In other words, it takes into account
strategic objectives, as well as, internal characteristics of the firm (such as, organizational
culture, knowledge management systems, HRM practices, and management leadership).

99

Clement_Kasongo
In line with the empirical results of both case companies, the following steps (see Figure
13) involved in integrating CSR initiatives into the business and corporate strategy
emerge.
STEP 1

STEP 2

STEP 3

STEP 4

Planning/
Engagement

Assessment
of Needs

Design of
Projects

Implementation

CSR
Strategies

STEP 5
Monitoring and
Evaluation
Figure 16. Steps involved to integrate CSR into the business and corporate strategy
STEP 1: Engagement (Planning stage): In this stage, CSR strategies are focused on
management approach, stakeholders’ interests, and strategic organizational goals.
Furthermore, the analysis confirms that next, these activities and goals are communicated
to the relevant stakeholders and those impacted by their effects. Moreover, it is important
at this point to determine the message to be communicated and align it with various
strategic measures, as the communicated information has significant impact on the firm's
reputation. As a result, the right communication channels are identified to explain the
programme, and also, results from previous projects are also communicated.
STEP 2: Assessment of needs: In this step, assessment of stakeholders’ needs is
undertaken. The results indicate that the assessment of needs is carried out to align the
organizational goals with the stakeholders’ needs. The assessment is done through
various forms of meetings with the stakeholders. For example, meetings are organized
with government representatives on a quarterly basis. In addition, focus groups and other

100

Clement_Kasongo
discussion groups with employees and other stakeholders are organized. The data suggest
that, information from these meetings are documented and knowledge is gained for future
application and project developments.
STEP 3: Design of projects: In this step, knowledge gathered from the assessment of
needs stage is used to design projects, such as training programmes, and other CSR related
projects. Moreover, the knowledge is used to enhance stakeholder engagements,
innovations, as well as, knowledge exchange among stakeholders.
STEP 4: Implementation: At this point, other considerations come into play when CSR
strategies are introduced that are mainly related to HR processes, skills development and
certain adjustments in order to adapt the organizational environment to the new situation,
for which knowledge management and organizational culture are important aspects.
STEP 5: Monitoring and evaluation: This is an integral step of the integration of CSR
into the business and corporate strategy. Results indicate that this can only be done if the
previous steps have been successfully completed and suggests a systemic transition for
the organization as CSR would be integrated into the culture, mission and values of the
organization. The data suggest that this step is complete with reports to assess CSR
advancements and stakeholder benefits. Thereafter, results are further injected into the
planning step for continuous learning, as strategic goals may change due to generalization
of CSR, as well as, the interests of stakeholders. In this regard, new knowledge is
developed.
SQ2: How is CSR knowledge identified, assimilated and communicated with the
organizations?
The analysis of results confirms that CSR incorporates business as an important element
of society, communities and the surrounding environment. Therefore, companies do not
operate in isolation. The data suggest that businesses depend on various partnerships (as
seen from the previous section) with employees, communities, suppliers, and other
stakeholders. Moreover, the results indicate that in the mining industry, stakeholder
participation requires continual corroborations with both those who are directly affected
by the business operations, and those in the surrounding neighbourhoods. Particularly, it
means awareness and consideration of stakeholder views, being responsible, and using
the knowledge obtained from them to innovate.

101

Clement_Kasongo
The results show that organizational culture play a major role in facilitating knowledge
sharing among stakeholders. For example, results indicate that employee training, and
other stakeholder meetings are regularly organized with the aim of sharing ideas,
knowledge and other expectations. Moreover, meetings to address stakeholder needs
create a corroborative environment, and one that benefits everyone involved. For
example, results confirm that, employees with thoughts and expertise on CSR come
together and are encouraged to express these thoughts. Besides organizing regular faceto-face meetings with stakeholders, the data reveal that effective CSR communication
using other channels, such as social media facilitates an environment for knowledge
exchange.
The most commonly used communication platforms in the focal companies of this study
for CSR knowledge are intranet, face-to-face departmental meetings, face-to-face focus
group meetings, e-mails, social media, and websites. On the other hand, face-to-face
communication in larger organizations can be difficult to handle. Results show that in
both organizations, the number of employees is too high to achieve successful internal
communication through face-to-face meetings. KCM, for example, addresses this issue
by the use of liaison officers. In this way custom message can be personalized based on
what is important to their job.
In addition, it can be seen from the findings that meetings provided a learning forum
between stakeholders. It is in this learning environment that communities, employees, the
government, and other stakeholders find themselves inspired (through success stories) to
give and receive from others. It was believed that the sense of being heard gives the drive
to individuals to offer an opinion on the CSR issue and thus create an open space for new
knowledge.
SQ3: What are the main challenges associated with implementing CSR
knowledge management initiatives in the focal organizations?
While there are many challenges affecting CSR knowledge management, empirical
results for this study revealed three main challenges; bureaucracy, CSR communication
challenge, and dependency. These are discussed in detail below.
Bureaucracy: The results indicate that CSR activities are not only a driving force to
attracting quality employees and gathering new knowledge, but it can also help businesses

102

Clement_Kasongo
break old habits to make room for creativity. Moreover, creativity and change are
important traits for loyalty and efficiency of an organization. Results indicate that due to
bureaucracy from both the government side, as well as, management, efficient
information flow is hindered. The data suggest that when the flow of information is
hampered, it takes time for decision-makers to implement the ideas, which in turn affects
the overall implementation of CSR initiatives.
CSR communication: Based on the opinions of the respondents, results indicate that
information systems were found lacking. In view of the fact that most employees work
remotely in mines, IT infrastructure needs upgrading and also include more resources that
would allow efficient communication. Moreover, IT would be considered as a facilitating
factor for the sharing of CSR information. As a result, communication on CSR issues
does not reach the majority of employees, although the results indicate that employees
are interested in the issue, that it has the capacity to influence their engagement and that
most of them are inclined to trust company information on the subject. On the other hand,
some stakeholders (such as, community leaders), have misunderstood the role of CSR
due to lack of communication and negative press. Particularly, results revealed that,
traditional leaders have a very different CSR image, and this raises the pressure on a CSR
unit.
Dependency: Results suggest that the feeling of entitlement by communities, and
reluctance by the government to take responsibility have led to the local people having a
dependency syndrome towards CSR. The data indicate that the lack of resources and
expertise to sustain projects by government puts continued pressure for support on
companies. Moreover, as in the case of FQM, the data show that implementing an
involuntary relocation leads people to believe that the organization has a lifetime
responsibility and a duty to care for the communities, thus putting pressure on the
organization. Consequently, this may divert the emphasis from CSR implementation
change.
SQ4: How can CSR knowledge management generate and sustain competitive
advantage?
A review of the results shows that CSR knowledge management help in building social
capital, enhancing risk reduction, driving innovation, and thus, integrating these elements
in corporate strategy. In other word, if not properly managed, the data suggest that
103

Clement_Kasongo
communities may see the company as unresponsive to their needs; workers may feel
unappreciated; the local government may be less cooperative; and investors may become
anxious. Consequently, the organization could miss out on important opportunities about
its reputation and performance.
Social capital: The data suggest that this is the cornerstone on which the organization
renews its “license to operate”, as well as, the basis for employees to offer their best.
Moreover, corporate reputation is crucial brand-value. Furthermore, the analysis confirm
that trustworthy relationships are built gradually overtime through constructive
experiences with stakeholders. As a result, increasing access to knowledge, as well as,
increased commitment to community and other stakeholder expectations. Overall, it is
clear from the results that, value creation through social capital depends on stakeholder
views and the strategic goals of the organization. As seen from the second sub-question,
meetings are thus considered essential and provide an opportunity for stakeholders to
share their expertise among themselves. This finding suggests that, through a culture of
cooperation and trust between stakeholders, the organization can leverage the breadth of
its skills to access and develop new knowledge.
Risk reduction: The results indicate that stakeholder engagement provides information on
workplace safety; human rights and environmental issues of communities, etcetera. Thus,
the data suggest that, with a stakeholder engagement policy in place, an organization
would have a way to identify and respond quickly to the concerns of stakeholders before
things get out of hand. Consequently, such a mechanism will help reduce the risk
involved.
Driving innovation: drawing from the results of the analysis, it is clear that CSR
communication, and stakeholder engagement will increase the flow of knowledge, create
business opportunities, and enhance idea generation. As noted previously, the analysis
confirms that the use of a stakeholder engagement policy (for example) indicates that
companies that foster a culture of learning and an open atmosphere towards stakeholders
will have an advantage in today’s world of increasing knowledge.
Management integration: Overall, results have shown that CSR knowledge management,
from the stakeholder engagement point of view, promotes corroboration and continuity
among stakeholders, both internally and externally.

104

Clement_Kasongo

External Factors

Institutional
(government
regulations,
bureaucracy,
community
dependency)

Internal Factors

Pressure from
stakeholders

-

Employee involvement
HRM practices
CSR communication
Organizational culture

-

Knowledge acquisition
Knowledge assimilation
Knowledge
dissemination

External factors

Embeddedness

Stakeholder
engagement
CSR communication

Voluntary CSR strategies

-

Effective implementation of CSR initiatives
New knowledge creation (leading to
innovativeness)
Competitive advantage (organizational
performance)
Risk management and compliance

Figure 17. Modified conceptual framework
6.2. Reflecting results in previous research
The main purpose for this study was to explore corporate social responsibility knowledge
management and how organizations can bring this knowledge into action to improve their
competitiveness. In this section, empirical results will be compared with results in
previous research as outlined in the theoretical framework chapter.
In line with the research question, Porter and Kramer (2006) contend that as opposed to
pure enhancement of society, strategic CSR also aims to make good business. This is
consistent with Guadamillas-Gomez and Donate-Manzanares’ (2010) argument that CSR
strategy allows businesses to enhance internal and external context by better

105

Clement_Kasongo
understanding and leveraging expertise, stable relationships with stakeholders, and
creating and reporting intangible resources, such as, credibility and social capital.
Similarly, in line with the resource-based view of the firm (Barney 1991), results confirm
that CSR activities are valuable resources that need to be managed well to achieve the
company’s competitive advantage. Moreover, literature review (e.g., Clarkson 1988) has
shown that knowledge management help facilitate CSR related information/knowledge
sharing among stakeholders, who support projects by tacitly approving the actions of the
organization, thus making them appropriate, and giving credibility to the organization.
The results might suggest that knowledge management is mainly focused internally,
while CSR is mainly focused, but not exclusively, on external stakeholders, such as,
communities, NGOs, Governments, and other external stakeholders. However, based on
the findings of similar studies, a more plausible explanation is Rangan et al. (2015), their
study categorized organizations’ traditional CSR practices into three different avenues of
practice: philanthropy-focused projects (e.g., community development), organizational
efficiency-enhancing programmes (e.g., lowering costs through eliminating resource use
or increasing productivity by improving working conditions) and business model
development practices (creating new ways of addressing social or environmental
challenges). Thus, knowledge management applies to a host of different CSR activities,
from good governance to environmental management to various HRM practices. For
example, in both case companies, findings have shown that internal factors affecting CSR
knowledge management can be an opportunity to share tacit knowledge among
employees by creating an environment of inclusiveness. In addition, external factors
affecting CSR knowledge management, such as stakeholder engagement, is seen as an
instrument for improving organizational reputation. Consequently, this intangible asset
will offer competitive benefits. Similarly, organizational commitment towards
partnerships with external stakeholders will benefit communities around their area of
influence.
Regarding the steps involved to integrate CSR initiatives into the business and corporate
strategy, the findings have shown that, both organizations have deliberate strategies in
place to make certain the successful implementation of CSR. This corresponds with
Rangan et al.’s (2015) study, which asserts that the incorporation of CSR concepts into
current operations and procedures involves deliberate management and planning, as in

106

Clement_Kasongo
any other process of change. Moreover, the findings show that in both case companies,
senior management take an upper role to see to it that CSR is successfully executed. For
example, in assessing which stakeholders to invite for the high profiled meetings,
consolidation of stakeholder engagement plans, etcetera. This is consistent with Andriof
and Waddock’s (2002) findings that in order to successfully incorporate CSR, managers
need to build bridges with stakeholders in achieving common goals and persuading them
to support the strategic direction chosen by the organization through formal and informal
dialogs and collaborative practices.
The two case studies showed surprising similarities. In all instances, organizations have
good governance systems for CSR, which involve all employees. For example, FQM has
a broad range of policies: code of conduct, climate, health and safety, diversity, energy,
communication, etcetera, covering most of CSR's core subjects. Similarly, KCM has
broken down its CSR operations into smaller units headed by liaison officers to make
sure activities are spread across the board. The results build on existing evidence of Maon
et al. (2010) that the beliefs, behaviours and behavioural patterns within an organization,
which fundamentally define the way it incorporates statements of stakeholders, reflect
the degree to which the organizational culture can support the development of CSR
policies and initiatives within an organization. Likewise, this is consistent with what has
been found in previous studies that CSR development requires organizational members,
both individually and collectively, to make sense of the concept of CSR and internalize
CSR values at all levels (e.g., Basu & Palazzo 2008).
In line with the second sub-question, results show that both case companies use various
methods to capture knowledge, internalize, as well as, communicate. For example,
stakeholder engagement is seen as an important element in facilitating CSR knowledge
exchange. Different stakeholder meetings are arranged, in which stakeholder expectations
are discussed, and assessments of which have led to a win-win situation. This is in line
with the stakeholder theory view that management needs to know about their
environment’s influential entities, those intending to impose their will on the company
(Mitchell et al. 1997). For example, responding to the demands of stakeholders, can gain
a competitive advantage by developing skills and relationships with their stakeholders.
This is also in line with the resource-based view, which states that intangible resources,
such as employee skills and relationships, serve the firm as valuable, rare, imitable, and

107

Clement_Kasongo
non-replaceable resources (Barney 1991). Overall, these findings are in accordance with
the findings reported by Choi and Wang (2009), arguing that good relations with
stakeholders will improve the flexibility of a poorly performing organization in
implementing strategic changes, thus, helping the company move faster out of its
disadvantageous position.
In addition, the findings revealed that there is a correlation between knowledge
management and CSR activities. For example, results show that the success of CSR
implementation and knowledge management depends on people, whose relationships are
vital to idea generation, as well as, improvement of CSR activities. This is in line with
the knowledge-based view, which assumes that through the process of knowledge
sharing, individuals are the primary agents of knowledge creation (Grant 1997).
Moreover, in relation to the knowledge-based view and the stakeholder theory, Freeman
et al. (2010) postulates that the KBV views firms as knowledge bundles, which the
stakeholder theory, views firms as stakeholder networks. Therefore, strong
competitiveness requires effective management of both organizational knowledge and
stakeholder relationships, as a KBV needs completion of stakeholder theory.
Additionally, in line with the knowledge communication, as well as, the third subquestion to the study, the findings show that organizational communication of CSR
activities to its stakeholders is important to the creation of effective relationships, and
facilitation of openness to idea exchange. This correspond to the claims by GuadamillasGómez1 et al. (2010) that the manner in which the corporation applies its ethical
principles and values to its operations and how they are disseminated and communicated
through the corporate network impacts the relationships with them all (shareholders and
investors, employees or the wider community). Results reveal that in both case
companies, different channels of CSR communication are used, from social media to
focus group discussions, face-to-face meetings and trainings, notice boards, emails,
etcetera. However, despite the findings showing that the most common channel of
communication is face-to-face meetings, there is a lack in terms of IT facilitated channels,
as well as, some negative CSR feedback through the media, thus, creating ineffectiveness
in communication. This is consistent with Lindgreen and Swaen’s (2010) claims that
communicating about social activities does not always benefit the communicating

108

Clement_Kasongo
organization, particularly because communication with CSR can trigger scepticism and
cynicism among stakeholders.
6.3. Research ethics
Research ethics can be described as the expectations of the conduct of the researcher with
respect to the rights of those who are or are influenced by a research project (Saunders et
al. (2012 p. 680). Ethical considerations relating to this thesis will be addressed in this
section including research quality guidelines. Diener and Crandall (1978, quoted in
Bryman & Bell 2011 p. 128) proposed four main areas of ethical principles followed by
this study; harm to the participants, informed consent, privacy and deceit. For starters, it
clarified the use of a recorder and the purpose for recording the interview to prevent
manipulation (see Appendix 2.). According to Bryman and Bell (2011 p. 137), if
monitoring methods or recording equipment are used the respondents should be informed
in advance. Hence making the respondents feel secure and thus decrease the risk of
interview dropouts. That is to say, ethics is about the right thing to do (Quinlan 2011 p.
69). Specifically, for this study, the researcher asked experts to help select the
respondents, establish individually independent interpretations of the results, and
encourage respondents to provide input on the initial findings. Accordingly, there are two
methods to determine the consistency of qualitative research: 1) reliability and validity,
which is most common in quantitative studies; or 2) an alternative criterion for evaluating
trustworthiness and authenticity. This study follows the trustworthiness criterion. There
are four things to consider regarding this approach: credibility, transferability,
dependability and confirmability. (Bryman & Bell 2011 p. 395). Thus, this criterion is
discussed in the following section.
6.3.1. Credibility
According to Bryman and Bell (2011 p. 397), credibility deals with whether or not the
work being done is being performed and portrayed in a credible manner, meaning the
researchers’ analysis is true and rational in accordance with the data collected. In this
regard, the interview guide was established according to the literature and was also used
as the basis for the data analysis and then conclusion. It means comparing and contrasting
the theoretical framework developed from previous studies with the empirical work of
the responses of the respondents. The theoretical framework helped create boundaries to
a large extent, not only of what is considered important data, but also of how the data in

109

Clement_Kasongo
this study was evaluated and interpreted. This also had rational and legitimacy by
referencing empirical studies to fit or separate the researcher with respect to paradigms,
hypotheses, methods, or procedures.
In addition, establishing validity, which in qualitative research is comparable to
credibility, develops appropriate operational measures for the concepts being studied (Yin
1994). Patton (2001 p. 247) therefore promotes the use of triangulation, and notes that
“triangulation strengthens a study by combining methods.” This involves using multiple
methods or data forms. As described in section 3.5, three primary sources of data were
used by 1) interviews, 2) company website and 3) analysis of organizational documents
to ensure adequate triangulation of data. Likewise, several sources of evidence for the
collection of empirical data were used to create a degree of trust around the phenomenon,
thereby gaining a better perspective on what is actually happening and increasing the
validity of the study (Saunders et. al. 2009 p. 146).
6.3.2. Transferability
As reported by Bryman and Bell (2011 p. 398), transferability deals with the issue of
whether, at another point in time, results in one research can be transferred to another
context or to the same context. The findings in this study may be applicable to another
mining company in Zambia. Nevertheless, findings cannot be generalized due to the
organizational structure of the focal companies, which allows different entities or
divisions to operate independently from one another under their umbrellas. Hence,
separate research on different companies would be appropriate. Nonetheless, in order to
ensure that the respondents understood the interview questions as expected by this study,
a pilot study was conducted with the accounting department at FQM Kalumbila. The pilot
questions (the interview guide adapted from Takala 2016 p. 124-26) were checked at the
accounting department on two accountants. First, respondents were asked to identify key
CSR related concepts. Second, they created an interview guide using their responses. The
questions from the interview were paraphrased and made concise for quick study
comprehension. The data obtained from the pilot study showed various aspects to be
updated, such as the order of questions, the wording, as well as significant details on the
topic regarding the expectations of the respondents about what was known or was to be
learned about the research.

110

Clement_Kasongo
6.3.3. Dependability
Dependability is linked to how reliable or consistent the investigative procedures used in
the study were. In other words, it guarantees the reader's accessibility to the resources
used in the study, including the documents, the ideas used, and the preparation of the
interviews. It is what the researchers do, and how they come to their conclusion (Bryman
& Bell 2011 p. 409). Dependability in qualitative research can be compared to reliability
(ibid 2011 p. 395). Saunders et al. (2012 p. 192) further suggest that there are four major
threats to a study's reliability. These are the error of the participants, bias of the
participants, error of the researchers, and bias of the researchers.
Before the interview, the researcher took the following steps to minimize participant
error: first, an interview schedule was developed with the input of the respondents to
ensure the best time for them (see Table 4 on page 53). Secondly, the study purpose was
clarified to the participant, and key terms were defined to ensure understanding of the
subject. Thirdly, during the interview, the importance of the interviewee's contribution to
the study was stressed to build confidence. For anonymity, the respondents were asked to
fill in the consent form (Appendix 2) and sign it. It was clarified that the responses of the
interviewee should remain anonymous in order to allow confidentiality and protect the
identity of the respondent. Therefore, the names of the respondent were marked in the
order of the interview as Participant 1, through to 6. In addition, the respondents were
also given an opportunity to make a choice about participating in the study by email,
ensuring that only those who were actually willing to support the project were included
in the interview.
6.3.4. Confirmability
Confirmability is about researcher's objectivity. The researcher endeavoured to avoid
personal values that could distort the study according to Bryman & Bell (2011 p. 398). In
addition, to ensure researcher bias-free, respondents for this study were interviewed using
the CSR Relationship Manager at KCM, who suggested the study to the best possible
respondents. This method is also consistent with random sampling, as stated by Preece
(1994); random sampling helps ensure that any hidden variables within the sample are
spread evenly. Likewise, triangulation's function in ensuring such confirmability cannot
be overemphasised.

111

Clement_Kasongo

7. CONCLUSION
The aim of this thesis was to explore corporate social responsibility knowledge
management at two Zambian mining companies and how organizations can bring this
knowledge into action to improve their competitiveness. For this purpose, it can be
concluded that CSR knowledge management has impact on an organization’s competitive
atmosphere. The two mining companies are involved in a wide variety of social
programmes ranging from philanthropic donations to infrastructure development. The
study demonstrate that knowledge management provides an understanding for improving
CSR activities. Managing CSR knowledge at the focal companies has been found
instrumental for effective implementation of CSR initiatives, creation of new knowledge,
organizational performance, and risk management and compliance. The study has shown
that the case companies’ main drivers of CSR are to gain, protect and cultivate corporate
reputation; the need to avoid risk; and the promotion community development plans. The
case companies display a greater sense of moral duty towards stakeholders that are
geographically and/or comparatively closer to their facilities than associated but distant
ones. This is consistent with the previous studies that, in the absence of legal
requirements, certain companies choose to behave more responsibly for political defence,
or altruistic reasons. This comes from the premise that companies achieve a competitive
advantage by integrating non-economic factors (Porter & Kramer 2006), differentiating
themselves from competitors and building a better image and reputation (Fonbrun &
Shanely 1990), and increasing consumer confidence and employee positive attitude and
behaviour (Rupp et al. 2006).
7.1. Theoretical implications
The thesis provides a new insight into the relationship between CSR knowledge
management and competitive advantage. Internal and external organizational factors,
such as, stakeholder engagement, employee involvement, HRM practices, CSR
communication and organizational culture combined together can be used to form a
conceptual framework to bridge the gap between knowledge management and CSR.
Likewise, CSR offers new ways to reduce the risk of knowledge loss through stakeholder
partnerships. The study confirms that CSR activities are a variable resource that needs to
be managed well to achieve the company’s competitive advantage. This study addressed

112

Clement_Kasongo
some of the challenges related to CSR knowledge for organizational competitive
advantage.
7.2. Managerial Implications
Based on the findings to this thesis, the managerial implication is that companies in the
mining industry, as well as, other organizations can learn lessons on the impact of
managing CSR knowledge as a competitive strategy. In addition, results indicate that
CSR knowledge management requires effective CSR communication, which demands for
the involvement of all employees and stakeholders, establishment of effective HRM
practices, and aligning of organizational values. Therefore, managers can do better by
harnessing stakeholder knowledge through stakeholder engagements, which facilitates an
environment for knowledge sharing and collaboration. However, to achieve that goal,
management support is needed through the provision of up-to-date technological
facilities, which allow for effective CSR communication.
7.3. Future research
This thesis provided various relevant results regarding possible CSR knowledge
management that lead to competitive advantage of companies in the Zambian mining
industry. However, as with most studies, this thesis has a number of limitations which
affect the study’s interpretations. A real-time or longitudinal study of managing CSR
knowledge could provide perspectives beyond the ones gained from relying on historical
sources and memory of respondents. Likewise, instead of depending on a few
organizational employees for information, more work might lead interviews with a
variety of stakeholders that could help identify the issues involved in managing CSR
knowledge among various stakeholders.. Small sized samples are not rare however for a
master’s thesis and have also been used in previous studies. In addition, this study is based
on the Zambian context. It may be that the institutional consequences may or may not
affect businesses to participate in CSR. To identify the institutional effects on CSR
knowledge management, future research should incorporate multiple institutional settings
into the study. For example, one could extend this research to other companies or
countries to see if the CSR knowledge management are identical.
Although this thesis has its drawbacks, like any other study, it also contributes to the
comprehensive literature and provides opportunities for further future research on CSR
knowledge management.
113

Clement_Kasongo

8. REFERENCES
Allen, M. & Craig, C. 2016, "Rethinking corporate social responsibility in the age of
climate change: a communication perspective", International Journal of Corporate
Social Responsibility, vol. 1, no. 1, pp. 1-11.
Aguinis, H. & Glavas, A. 2012, "What We Know and Don’t Know About Corporate
Social Responsibility", Journal of Management, vol. 38, no. 4, pp. 932-968.
Andriof, J., Waddock, S., Rahman, S.S. & Husted, B. 2002, Unfolding stakeholder
thinking: theory, responsibility and engagement, Routledge.
Baden, D. 2016, "A reconstruction of Carroll’s pyramid of corporate social responsibility
for the 21st century", International Journal of Corporate Social Responsibility, vol.
1, no. 1, pp. 1-15.
Barney, J. 1991, "Firm Resources and Sustained Competitive Advantage", Journal of
Management, vol. 17, no. 1, pp. 99-120.
Basu, K. & Palazzo, G. 2008, "Corporate Social Responsibility: A Process Model of
Sensemaking", The Academy of Management Review, vol. 33, no. 1, pp. 122-136.
Berger, I. E., Cunningham, P. H. & Drumwright, M. E. 2007, "Mainstreaming Corporate
Social Responsibility: Developing Markets for Virtue", California Management
Review, vol. 49, no. 4, pp. 132-157.
Barriball Louise, K. & While, A. 1994, "Collecting data using a semi‐structured
interview: a discussion paper", Journal of Advanced Nursing, vol. 19, no. 2, pp. 328335.
Bhattacharya, C.B. & Sen, S. 2004, "Doing Better at Doing Good: When, Why, and How
Consumers Respond To Corporate Social Initiatives", California Management
Review, vol. 47, no. 1, pp. 9-24.
Bhattacharya, C.B., Sen, S. & Korschun, D. 2008, "Using corporate social responsibility
to win the war for talent", MIT Sloan Management Review, vol. 49, no. 2, pp. 37.
Bowen, H. R. 1953, Social responsibilities of the businessman. 1st Ed. New York: Harper
& Brothers. 276 p.
Brower, J. & Mahajan, V. 2013, "Driven to Be Good: A Stakeholder Theory Perspective
on the Drivers of Corporate Social Performance", Journal of Business Ethics, vol.
117, no. 2, pp. 313-331.
Brown, J.S. & Duguid, P. 1991, "Organizational Learning and Communities-of-Practice:
Toward a Unified View of Working, Learning, and Innovation", Organization
Science, vol. 2, no. 1, pp. 40-57.
Brundtland Commission. 1987. Our Common Future. Oxford University Press: Oxford.
Brunton, M., Eweje, G. & Taskin, N. 2017, "Communicating Corporate Social
Responsibility to Internal Stakeholders: Walking the Walk or Just Talking the
Talk?", Business Strategy and the Environment, vol. 26, no. 1, pp. 31-48.
Bryman, A. & Bell, E. 2011, Business research methods, Third edition edn, Oxford
University Press, Oxford.
Bryman, A. & Bell, E. 2007, Business research methods, Second edition edn, Oxford
University Press, New York.
Burke, L. & Logsdon, J.M. 1996, "How corporate social responsibility pays off", Long
Range Planning, vol. 29, no. 4, pp. 495-502.
Carroll, A. B. 2016, "Carroll’s pyramid of CSR: taking another look", International
Journal of Corporate Social Responsibility, vol. 1, no. 1, pp. 1-8.

114

Clement_Kasongo
Carroll, A.B. 2008, "A History of Corporate Social Responsibility" in The Oxford
Handbook of Corporate Social Responsibility, 1st edn, Oxford University Press.
Carroll, A.B. 1999, "Corporate Social Responsibility", Business & Society, vol. 38, no. 3,
pp. 268-295.
Carroll, A. B. 1991, The pyramid of corporate social responsibility: Toward the moral
management of organizational stakeholders. Business Horizons, Vol. 34, no. 4, pp.
39–48.
Carroll, A. B. 1979, "A Three-Dimensional Conceptual Model of Corporate
Performance", The Academy of Management Review, vol. 4, no. 4, pp. 497-505.
Carroll, A.B. & Shabana, K.M. 2010, "The Business Case for Corporate Social
Responsibility: A Review of Concepts, Research and Practice", International
Journal of Management Reviews, vol. 12, no. 1, pp. 85-105.
Chaffey, D. & White, G. 2011, Business information management, 2. ed. edn, Financial
Times Prentice Hall, Harlow [u.a.].
Choi, S. Y., Heeseok Lee & Youngjin Yoo 2010, "The Impact of Information Technology
and Transactive Memory Systems on Knowledge Sharing, Application, and Team
Performance: A Field Study", MIS Quarterly, vol. 34, no. 4, pp. 855-870.
Choi, J. & Wang, H. 2009, "Stakeholder Relations and the Persistence of Corporate
Financial Performance", Strategic Management Journal, vol. 30, no. 8, pp. 895-907.
Choongo, P., van Burg, J.C., Paas, L.J., Masurel, E. & Lungu, J. 2017, "Corporate social
responsibility motivations in Zambian SMEs", International Review of
Entrepreneurship, vol. 15, no. 1, pp. 29-62.
Clarkson, M. B. E. 1995, "A Stakeholder Framework for Analysing and Evaluating
Corporate Social Performance", The Academy of Management Review, vol. 20, no.
1, pp. 92-117.
Clarkson, M. B. E. 1988, Corporate Social Performance in Canada, 1976–86. In L. E.
Preston (Ed.), Research in Corporate Social Performance and Policy, pp. 241–265.
Greenwich, CT: JAI Press.
Crane, Andrew Matten, Dirk Spence, Laura J 2014, Corporate social responsibility:
readings and cases in a global context, Routledge.
Crawford, David & Scaletta, Todd 2005, "The Balanced Scorecard and Corporate Social
Responsibility: Aligning values for profit", CMA Management, vol. 79, no. 6, pp.
20.
Creswell, J.W. 2003, Research design: qualitative, quantitative, and mixed methods
approaches, 2rd ed. edn, Sage.
Cörvers, R., Wiek, A., de Kraker, J., Lang, D., Martens, P., Heinrichs, H. & Michelsen,
G. 2016, "Problem-Based and Project-Based Learning for Sustainable Development"
in Sustainability Science Springer, , pp. 349-358.
Dahsrud, A. 2008, "How corporate social responsibility is defined: An analysis of 37
definitions corporate social responsibility and environmental management. & nbsp;",
Corporate Social Responsibility and Environment Management, vol. 15, no. 15, pp.
1-13.
Dashwood, H.S. 2012a, The rise of global corporate social responsibility, 1. publ. edn,
Cambridge Univ. Press, Cambridge [u.a.].
Dashwood, H.S. 2012b, "CSR norms and organizational learning in the mining
sector", Corporate Governance: The international journal of business in
society, vol. 12, no. 1, pp. 118-138.
Davenport, T.H. & Prusak, L. 1998, Working Knowledge. How Organizations Manage
What They Know, Harvard Business School Pr, Cambridge u.a.

115

Clement_Kasongo
Davis, K. 1960, Can business afford to ignore social responsibilities? California
Management Review, Vol. 2, no. 3, pp. 70–76.
Davis, K. 1967, "UNDERSTANDING THE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
PUZZLE", Business Horizons, vol. 10, no. 4, pp. 45.
Davis, K. 1973, The case for and against business assumption of social responsibilities.
Academy Of Management Journal, Vol. 16, no. 2, pp. 312–322.
Dawkins, J. 2004, "Corporate responsibility: the communication challenge", Journal of
Communication Management, vol. 9, no. 2, pp. 108.
Dalkir, K. 2011, Knowledge management in theory and practice, 2. ed. edn, MIT Press,
Cambridge, Mass. [u.a.].
Donaldson, T. & Preston, L.E. 1995, "THE STAKEHOLDER THEORY OF THE
CORPORATION: CONCEPTS, EVIDENCE, AND IMPLICATIONS", Academy of
Management Review, vol. 20, no. 1, pp. 65-91.
Doppelt, B. 2003, Leading change toward sustainability, Greenleaf Publishing,
Sheffield.
Du, S., Bhattacharya, C.B. & Sen, S. 2010, "Maximizing Business Returns to Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR): The Role of CSR Communication", International
Journal of Management Reviews, vol. 12, no. 1, pp. 8-19.
Du, S., Bhattacharya, C.B. & Sen, S. 2007, "Reaping relational rewards from corporate
social responsibility: The role of competitive positioning", International Journal of
Research in Marketing, vol. 24, no. 3, pp. 224-241.
Dunphy, D., Griffiths, A. & Benn, S. 2003, Organizational change for corporate
sustainability, Routledge, London [u.a.].
Eisenhardt, K.M. 1989, "Building Theories from Case Study Research", The Academy of
Management Review, vol. 14, no. 4, pp. 532.
Elkington, J. (1997). Cannibals with Forks: The Triple Bottom Line of 21st Century
Business. New York: Wiley.
European Commission 2011, , COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO
THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT, THE COUNCIL, THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC
AND SOCIAL COMMITTEE AND THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS
A renewed EU strategy 2011-14 for Corporate Social Responsibility.
Available: https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legalcontent/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:52011DC0681&from=EN [2019, 12.10.].
Gardberg, N.A. & Fombrun, C.J. 2002, "The Global Reputation Quotient Project: First
Steps Towards a Cross-Nationally Valid Measure of Corporate
Reputation", Corporate Reputation Review, vol. 4, no. 4, pp. 303-307.
Fombrun, C. & Shanley, M. 1990, "What's in a Name? Reputation Building and
Corporate Strategy", The Academy of Management Journal, vol. 33, no. 2, pp. 233258.
Forehand, M.R. & Grier, S. 2003, "When Is Honesty the Best Policy? The Effect of Stated
Company Intent on Consumer Skepticism", Journal of Consumer Psychology, vol.
13, no. 3, pp. 349-356.
Fraser, A. & Lungu, J. 2007, For whom the wind falls? Winners and losers in the
privatisation of Zambia’s copper mines, Lusaka: Catholic Centre for Justice
Development and Peace.
Freeman, R.E., Harrison, J.S., Wicks, A.C., Parmar, B.L. & de Colle, S.
2010, Stakeholder Theory, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge.
Freeman, R. E. 1984, Strategic management – A stakeholder approach. Marshfield:
Pitman Publishing Inc. 276 p. ISBN 0-273-01913-9.

116

Clement_Kasongo
Friedman, M. 1970, The social responsibility of business is to increase its profits. The
New York Times Magazine, September 13.
FQM
2020, ,
Sentinel.
Available: https://www.first-quantum.com/English/ouroperations/default.aspx#module-operation--sentinel [2020, 12.3.].
FQM 2018, , Annual Report [Homepage of First Quantum Minerals Ltd], [Online].
Available: https://s24.q4cdn.com/617706469/files/doc_downloads/footer/FQM_20
18_AR_aoda.pdf [2019, 3.12.].
Garriga, Elisabet & Melé, Domènec 2004, "Corporate Social Responsibility Theories:
Mapping the Territory", Journal of Business Ethics, vol. 53, no. 1/2, pp. 51-71.
Ghauri, P.N. & Grønhaug, K. 2010, Research methods in business studies, 4th edn,
Financial Times Prentice Hall, Harlow u.a.
Ghobadian, A. & O'Regan, N. 2006, "The Impact of Ownership on Small Firm Behaviour
and Performance", International Small Business Journal, vol. 24, no. 6, pp. 555-586.
Glavas, A. 2016, "Corporate Social Responsibility and Organizational Psychology: An
Integrative Review", Frontiers in psychology, vol. 7, pp. 144.
Glavas, A. & Kelley, K. 2014, "The effects of perceived corporate social responsibility
on employee attitudes", Business ethics quarterly, vol. 24, no. 2, pp. 165-202.
Gonzalez-Padron, T.L., Hult, G.T.M. & Ferrell, O.C. 2016, "A Stakeholder Marketing
Approach to Sustainable Business" in Marketing in and for a Sustainable
Society Emerald Group Publishing Limited, , pp. 61-101.
Grant, R. M. 1996, "Toward a Knowledge-Based Theory of the Firm", Strategic
Management Journal, vol. 17, no. S2, pp. 109-122.
Gray, R. 2010, "Is accounting for sustainability actually accounting for
sustainability…and how would we know? An exploration of narratives of
organisations and the planet", Accounting, Organizations and Society, vol. 35, no. 1,
pp. 47-62.
Guadamillas-Gomez, F. & Donate-Manzanares, M.J. 2011, "Ethics and corporate social
responsibility integrated into knowledge management and innovation
technology", Journal of Management Development, vol. 30, no. 6, pp. 569-581.
Guadamillas-Gomez, F., Donate-Manzanares, M.J. & Skerlavaj, M. 2010, "The
Integration of Corporate Social Responsibility into the Strategy of TechnologyIntensive Firms: A Case Study", Zbornik Radova Ekonomskog Fakulteta u Rijeci:
Casopis za Ekonomsku Teoriju i Praksu/Proceedings of Rijeka School of Economics:
Journal of Economics and Business, vol. 28, no. 1, pp. 9-34.
Hart, S.L. & Milstein, M.B. 1999, "Global Sustainability and the Creative Destruction of
Industries", Sloan Management Review, vol. 41, no. 1, pp. 23.
Hatch, M. J. 1993, "The Dynamics of Organizational Culture", The Academy of
Management Review, vol. 18, no. 4, pp. 657-693.
Hislop, D. 2013, Knowledge management in organizations, 3. ed. edn, Oxford Univ.
Press, Oxford.
Hoopes, D.G. & Postrel, S. 1999, "Shared Knowledge, "Glitches," and Product
Development Performance", Strategic Management Journal, vol. 20, no. 9, pp. 837.
Jacob Brower & Vijay Mahajan 2013, "Driven to Be Good: A Stakeholder Theory
Perspective on the Drivers of Corporate Social Performance", Journal of Business
Ethics, vol. 117, no. 2, pp. 313-331.
Jawahar, I. M. & McLaughlin, G. L. 2001, "Toward a Descriptive Stakeholder Theory:
An Organizational Life Cycle Approach", The Academy of Management
Review, vol. 26, no. 3, pp. 397-414.

117

Clement_Kasongo
Jones, T. M., Felps, W. & Bigley, G. A. 2007, "Ethical Theory and Stakeholder-Related
Decisions: The Role of Stakeholder Culture", The Academy of Management
Review, vol. 32, no. 1, pp. 137-155.
Joyner, B. E. & Payne, D. 2002, "Evolution and Implementation: A Study of Values,
Business Ethics and Corporate Social Responsibility", Journal of Business
Ethics, vol. 41, no. 4, pp. 297-311.
KCM 2019, Annual Report. Available: https://www.zccm-ih.com.zm/2019/12/16/kcmextract-from-2019-annual-report/ [2020, 15.3.].
KCM 2019, KCM Operation site map. Available: http://kcm.co.zm/corporateprofile/ [2020, 23.3.].
KCM 2019, corporate social investment policy. Available: http://kcm.co.zm/ourcommitment-to-zambia/health-safety-and-environment/sheq-policy/ [2020,
12
February].
Kidd, C. V. 1992, The evolution of sustainability. J Agr Environ Ethic 5:1, 1–26.
Kiron, D., Kruschwitz, N., Haanaes, K. & Velken, I.V.S. 2012, "Sustainability nears a
tipping point", MIT Sloan Management Review, vol. 53, no. 2, pp. 69.
Kivuitu, M., Yambayamba, K. & Fox, T. 2005, “How can Corporate Social
Responsibility Deliver in Africa? Insights from Kenya and Zambia”, Perspectives
on Corporate Responsibility for Environment and Development. International
Institute for Environment and Development.
Kotler, P. & Keller, K.L. 2009, Marketing Management, Pearson/Prentice Hall.
Lam, S.K., Kraus, F. & Ahearne, M. 2010, "The Diffusion of Market Orientation
Throughout the Organization: A Social Learning Theory Perspective", Journal of
Marketing, vol. 74, no. 5, pp. 61-79.
Lapiņa, I., Maurāne, G. & Stariņeca, O. 2014, "Human Resource Management Models:
Aspects of Knowledge Management and Corporate Social Responsibility", Procedia
- Social and Behavioural Sciences, vol. 110, pp. 577-586.
Lee, M.P. 2008, "A review of the theories of corporate social responsibility: Its
evolutionary path and the road ahead", International Journal of Management
Reviews, vol. 10, no. 1, pp. 53-73.
Lewin, K. 1951, Field theory in social science, Harper, New York
Lindgreen, A. & Swaen V. 2010, Corporate social responsibility, International Journal
of Management Reviews, Special issue 1-7, March 2010.
Lindgreen, A., Campbell, T. & Swaen, V. 2010, "Corporate social responsibility practices
in developing and transitional countries: Botswana and Malawi", Journal of
Business Ethics, vol. 90, no. suppl. 3, pp. 429-440.
Lindgreen, A., Swaen, V. & Johnston, W. 2009, "Corporate social responsibility: an
empirical investigation of U.S. organizations", Journal of Business Ethics, .
Liu, Y. & Phillips, J.S. 2011, "Examining the antecedents of knowledge sharing in
facilitating team innovativeness from a multilevel perspective", International
Journal of Information Management, vol. 31, no. 1, pp. 44-52.
Longoni, A. & Cagliano, R. 2016, "Human resource and customer benefits through
sustainable operations", International Journal of Operations & Production
Management, vol. 36, no. 12, pp. 1719-1740.
Lungu, J., & Kapena, S. 2010, “South African Mining Companies Corporate Governance
Practice in Zambia: The Case of Chibuluma Mine Plc.” In: SARW, South African
Minining Companies in Southern Africa: Corporate Governance and Social
Responsibilities, Johannesburg: Southern Africa Resource Watch, 47-88.
Lungu, J. & Mulenga, C. 2005, Corporate social responsibility practices in the extractive
industries in Zambia, Ndola: Mission Press.

118

Clement_Kasongo
Lungu, J. & Shikwe, A. 2006, Corporate Social Responsibility Practices in Small-scale
Mining on the Copperbelt, Mission Press, Ndola.
Luo, X. & Bhattacharya, C. B. 2009, "The Debate over Doing Good: Corporate Social
Performance, Strategic Marketing Levers, and Firm-Idiosyncratic Risk", Journal of
Marketing, vol. 73, no. 6, pp. 198-213.
Lynes, J.K. & Andrachuk, M. 2008, "Motivations for corporate social and environmental
responsibility: A case study of Scandinavian Airlines", Journal of International
Management, vol. 14, no. 4, pp. 377-390.
Macpherson, A., Elliot, M., Harris, I. & Homan, G. 2004, "E-learning: reflections and
evaluation of corporate programmes", Human Resource Development
International, vol. 7, no. 3, pp. 295-313.
Maignan, I. & Ralston, D. A. 2002, "Corporate Social Responsibility in Europe and the
U.S.: Insights from Businesses' Self-Presentations", Journal of International
Business Studies, vol. 33, no. 3, pp. 497-514.
Maon, F., Lindgreen, A. & Swaen, V. 2010, "Organizational Stages and Cultural Phases:
A Critical Review and a Consolidative Model of Corporate Social Responsibility
Development", International Journal of Management Reviews, vol. 12, no. 1, pp. 2038.
Maon, F., Lindgreen, A. & Swaen, V. 2009, "Designing and Implementing Corporate
Social Responsibility: An Integrative Framework Grounded in Theory and
Practice", Journal of Business Ethics, vol. 87, no. S1, pp. 71-89.
Masoud Najeb 2017, "How to win the battle of ideas in corporate social responsibility:
the International Pyramid Model of CSR", International Journal of Corporate Social
Responsibility, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 1-22.
Matten, D. & Moon, J. 2008, ""Implicit" and "Explicit" CSR: A Conceptual Framework
for a Comparative Understanding of Corporate Social Responsibility", The Academy
of Management Review, vol. 33, no. 2, pp. 404-424.
Maxfield, S. 2008, "Reconciling Corporate Citizenship and Competitive Strategy:
Insights from Economic Theory", Journal of Business Ethics, vol. 80, no. 2, pp. 367377.
Mayondi, W. 2014, Mining and Corporate Social Responsibility in Zambia: A case study
of Barrick Gold Mine., Victoria University of Wellington.
Mellahi, K., Frynas, J.G., Pei Sun & Siegel, D. 2016, "A Review of the Nonmarket
Strategy Literature", Journal of Management, vol. 42, no. 1, pp. 143-173.
Menon, S. & Kahn, B.E. 2003, "Corporate Sponsorships of Philanthropic Activities:
When Do They Impact Perception of Sponsor Brand?", Journal of Consumer
Psychology, vol. 13, no. 3, pp. 316-327.
McWilliams, A. & Siegel, D.S. 2011, "Creating and Capturing Value", Journal of
Management, vol. 37, no. 5, pp. 1480-1495.
McWilliams, A. & Siegel, D. 2001, "CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: A
THEORY OF THE FIRM PERSPECTIVE", Academy of Management Review, vol.
26, no. 1, pp. 117-127.
McWilliams, A., Siegel, D.S. & Wright, P.M. 2006, "Corporate Social Responsibility:
Strategic Implications", Journal of Management Studies, vol. 43, no. 1, pp. 1-18.
Miles, M.B. & Huberman, M.A. 1994, Qualitative Data Analysis, 2nd Edn, Thousand
Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, Inc.
Mitchell, R. K., Agle, B. R. & Wood, D. J. 1997, "Toward a Theory of Stakeholder
Identification and Salience: Defining the Principle of Who and What Really Counts",
The Academy of Management Review, vol. 22, no. 4, pp. 853-886.

119

Clement_Kasongo
Mirvis, P.H. 2000, "Transformation at Shell: Commerce and Citizenship", Business and
Society Review, vol. 105, no. 1, pp. 63-84.
Morgeson, F.P., Aguinis, H., Waldman, D.A. & Siegel, D.S. 2013, "Extending Corporate
Social Responsibility Research to the Human Resource Management and
Organizational Behaviour Domains: A Look to the Future", Personnel Psychology,
vol. 66, no. 4, pp. 805-824.
Morse & J. 1994, "Emerging From the Data: The Cognitive Process of Analysis in
Qualitative Inquiry" in Critical Issues in Qualitative Research Methods, ed. J.
Morse, Thousand Oaks, California, pp. 23-43.
Moskowitz, M. R. 1972, Choosing socially responsible stocks. Business & Society
Review, Vol. 1, p. 71.
Nigel Mathers, Nick J. Fox, & Amanda Hunn 2000, " Using Interviews in a Research
Project" in Research Approaches in Primary Care Radcliffe Medical Press/Trent
Focus, Sheffield, pp. 113-134.
Nonaka, I. 1994, "A Dynamic Theory of Organizational Knowledge
Creation", Organization Science, vol. 5, no. 1, pp. 14-37.
Nonaka, I. & Takeuchi, H. 1995, The knowledge creating company, Oxford Univ. Press,
New York, NY [u.a.].
O'Connor, A. & Shumate, M. 2010, "An Economic Industry and Institutional Level of
Analysis of Corporate Social Responsibility Communication", Management
Communication Quarterly, vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 529-551.
Orlitzky, M., Schmidt, F.L. & Rynes, S.L. 2003, "Corporate Social and Financial
Performance: A Meta-Analysis", Organization Studies, vol. 24, no. 3, pp. 403-441.
Patton, M.Q. 2002, Qualitative evaluation and research methods. 3rd edn, Thousand
Oaks, CA: Sage Publications, Inc.
Peng W. Mike 2006, Global Strategy, International student ed. Mason, OH:
Thomson/South- Western.
Pettigrew, K. E., Fidel, R., & Bruce, H., 2001, Conceptual frameworks in information
behaviour. Annual Review of Information Science and Technology, 35, 43–78.
Available
at
http://faculty.washington.edu/fidelr/RayaPubs/ConceptualFrameworks.pdf.
Porter, M.E. & Kramer, M.R. 2006, Strategy and society: the link between competitive
advantage and corporate social responsibility, Harvard Business School Press,
United States.
Preece, R.A. 1994, Starting research, an introduction to academic research and
dissertation writing, 1. publ. edn, Pinter, London [u.a.].
Preuss, L. & Córdoba-Pachon, J. 2009, "A knowledge management perspective of
corporate social responsibility", Corporate Governance: The international journal
of business in society, vol. 9, no. 4, pp. 517-527.
Quinlan, C. 2011, Business research methods, South-Western Cengage Learning,
Andover.
Rangan, K., Chase, L. & Karim, S. 2015, The truth about CSR, Harvard Business School
Publ. Corp.
Robson, C. 2002, Real World Research, Second Edition edn, Blackwell, Oxford.
Rupp, D.E., Shao, R., Thornton, M.A. & Skarlicki, D.P. 2013, "Applicants' and
Employees' Reactions to Corporate Social Responsibility: The Moderating Effects
of First‐Party Justice Perceptions and Moral Identity", Personnel Psychology, vol.
66, no. 4, pp. 895-933.

120

Clement_Kasongo
Russo, M.V. & Fouts, P.A. 1997, "A Resource-Based Perspective On Corporate
Environmental Performance And Profitability", Academy of Management Journal,
vol. 40, no. 3, pp. 534-559.
Saunders, M., Lewis, P. & Thornhill, A. 2012, Research methods for business
students, Pearson, Harlow u.a.
Saunders, M., Lewis, P. & Thornhill, A. 2009, Research methods for business
students, Pearson, Harlow u.a.
Sen, S., Bhattacharya, C. & Korschun, D. 2006, "The role of corporate social
responsibility in strengthening multiple stakeholder relationships: A field
experiment", Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science, vol. 34, no. 2, pp. 158166.
Sewell, G. 2005, "Nice Work? Rethinking Managerial Control in an Era of Knowledge
Work", Organization, vol. 12, no. 5, pp. 685-704.
Siltaoja, M.E. 2014, "Revising the Corporate Social Performance Model - Towards
Knowledge Creation for Sustainable Development", Business Strategy and the
Environment, vol. 23, no. 5, pp. 289-302.
Smith, N. C. 2003, "Corporate Social Responsibility: Whether or How?", California
Management Review, vol. 45, no. 4, pp. 52-76.
Spender, J.-. & Scherer, A.G. 2007, "The Philosophical Foundations of Knowledge
Management: Editors' Introduction", Organization, vol. 14, no. 1, pp. 5-28.
Spiller, R. 2000, "Ethical Business and Investment: A Model for Business and
Society", Journal of Business Ethics, vol. 27, no. 1, pp. 149-160.
Surroca, J., Tribó, J.A. & Waddock, S. 2010, "Corporate responsibility and financial
performance: the role of intangible resources", Strategic Management Journal, vol.
31, no. 5, pp. 463-490.
Sussland, W.A. 2001, "CREATING BUSINESS VALUE THROUGH INTANGIBLES",
Journal of Business Strategy, vol. 22, no. 6, pp. 23-28.
Swart, J. & Kinnie, N. 2003, "Sharing knowledge in knowledge-intensive firms", Human
Resource Management Journal, vol. 13, no. 2, pp. 60-75.
Sweeney, L. & Coughlan, J. 2008, "Do different industries report Corporate Social
Responsibility differently? An investigation through the lens of stakeholder
theory", Journal of Marketing Communications, vol. 14, no. 2, pp. 113-124.
Takala, L. 2016, EMPLOYEE AWARENESS AND ENGAGEMENT AS A GATEWAY TO
CREATING VALUE FROM CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (CSR), The
strategic role of internal CSR communication in Finnish Firms, University of Vaasa.
Tilt, C. 2016, "Corporate social responsibility research: the importance of context",
International Journal of Corporate Social Responsibility, vol. 1, no. 1, pp. 1-9.
Tuan, L.T. 2015, "From corporate social responsibility, through entrepreneurial
orientation, to knowledge sharing", The Learning Organization, vol. 22, no. 2, pp.
74-92.
Tuominen, K. & Savolainen, R. 1997, Information seeking in context: proceedings of an
International Conference on Research in Information Needs, Seeking and Use in
Different Contexts, 14-16 August 1996, Tampere, Finland.
Vance, S. C. 1975, Are socially responsible corporations good investment risks?
Management Review, Vol. 64, no. 8, p. 18.
Van Lange, P. A. M., Agnew, C. R., Harinck, F. & Steemers, G. E. M. 1997, "From Game
Theory to Real Life: How Social Value Orientation Affects Willingness to Sacrifice
in Ongoing Close Relationships", Journal of Personality and Social
Psychology, vol. 73, no. 6, pp. 1330-1344.

121

Clement_Kasongo
Visser Wayne 2008, "Corporate Social Responsibility in Developing Countries" in The
Oxford Handbook of Corporate Social Responsibility, ed. Andrew Crane, Dirk
Matten, Abagail McWilliams, Jeremy Moon, and Donald S. Siegel, Oxford
University Press, Oxford, pp. 473-479.
Vogel, D.J. 2005, "Is there a market for virtue? The business case for corporate social
responsibility", California Management Review, vol. 47, no. 4, pp. 3.
Webb, M.A. 2014, "When and How to Pursue Corporate Social Responsibility with Core
Competencies", Business and Society Review, vol. 119, no. 3, pp. 417-434.
Wenger, E. 1998, Communities of practice: learning, meaning, and identity, Cambridge
University Press, Cambridge u.a.
Wiersma, W. 2000, Research methods in education, 7. ed. edn, Allyn and Bacon, Boston
[u.a.].
Wilson, I. 1975, "What one company is doing about today’s demands on business.", In
G. Steiner (Ed.), Changing business-society interrelationships, Graduate School of
Management, UCLA, Los Angeles.
Wood, D. J., & Logsdon, J. M. 2001, Theorising business citizenship. In J. Andriof & M.
McIntosh (Eds.), Perspectives on corporate citizenship: 83–103. Sheffield, UK:
Green- leaf.
Wood, D. J. 1991, "Corporate Social Performance Revisited", The Academy of
Management Review, vol. 16, no. 4, pp. 691-718.
Yin, R.K. 2018, Case study research and applications, Sixth Edition edn, Sage, Los
Angeles; London; New Delhi; Singapore; Washington DC; Melbourne.
Yin, R.K. 2009, Case study research, 4. ed. edn, Sage, Los Angeles, Calif. [u.a.].
Yin, R.K. 2003, Case study research, 3rd ed. edn, Sage Publications, Thousand Oaks,
Calif.
Yin, R.K. 1994, Case study research, 2. ed. edn, Sage, Thousand Oaks [u.a.].
Yoon, Y., Gürhan-Canli, Z. & Schwarz, N. 2006, "The Effect of Corporate Social
Responsibility (CSR) Activities on Companies With Bad Reputations", Journal of
Consumer Psychology, vol. 16, no. 4, pp. 377-390.
Ziva Sharp & Nurit Zaidman 2010, "Strategization of CSR", Journal of Business Ethics,
vol. 93, no. 1, pp. 51-71.
Zollo, M., Minoja, M., Casanova, L., Hockerts, K., Neergaard, P., Schneider, S. &
Tencati, A. 2009, "Towards an internal change management perspective of CSR:
evidence from project RESPONSE on the sources of cognitive alignment between
managers and their stakeholders, and their implications for social
performance", Corporate Governance: The international journal of business in
society, vol. 9, no. 4, pp. 355-372.

122

Clement_Kasongo

9. APPENDICES
Appendix 1. Interview guide

Interview Guide
Research topic: Managing Corporate Social Responsibility Knowledge
21 questions regarding the management of CSR knowledge and how the organisation
can put into practice this knowledge to enhance its competitiveness.
In this interview, “CSR / corporate responsibility” refers to the voluntary integration of
social and environmental concerns, and the interaction with its stakeholders of an
organization.

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
IN THE ORGANISATION
Your views on the typical CSR
activities as well as their
usefulness and management in
practice

Questions 11–21

Questions 1-10

I would like to assure you that all responses are anonymous and all information that you
give will be treated in confidence. Your identity/ your company's identity will not be
connected to your answers in any way.
INTERNAL CSR
COMMUNICATION
Your views on the methods,
meaning and impact of internal
CSR communication and
training

Date
Place
Interviewee
Company
Job tittle
Can you tell me a bit more about what you do (briefly)?

123

Clement_Kasongo
- What is your role and how long have you been doing it? (Job title/function)
Around how much of your job is concerned with the company’s CSR/corporate
responsibility?
- How much of your time do you spend on these topics?
- How is CSR visible in your work? Reporting line?
1. THE ROLE OF CSR IN THE ORGANISATION
A. Typical CSR activities and programmes
1. What are the main focus areas of your organisation’s CSR activities?
-

Related to the industry, company history, competitive environment etc.
How have they changed/evolved in the last five years?

2. What are the typical activities related to corporate responsibility in your
organisation?
-

What are the practices to advance, for instance, the relevant themes mentioned
above?
Could you give examples?

B. Motives and outcomes of engagement
3. How important / relevant part of business is CSR for your company at the moment?
-

Is it a board-level matter?
Is CSR connected to corporate values?

4. What/who drives your company to engage with CSR/responsibility issues?
-

What do you intend to gain from it?

5. How has your company benefitted from CSR?
-

Any direct or indirect business benefits? Other benefits?

C. Management of CSR
6. How is CSR managed in your company in practice?
-

Who/which unit is responsible (director of CSR / team / division)?

7. How does your organisation identified qualitative/quantitative objectives for CSR
engagement and activities?
-

Can they be linked to individual/unit-level performance targets?

124

Clement_Kasongo
8. How does your company measure the achievement of these objectives / the impacts
of CSR in any way?
-

Which factors do you monitor?

9. Is there a separate CSR strategy in place? - How is it related to the core business
strategy of your company?
-

How is the strategy implemented in practice? Who is responsible for the
implementation?

10. Which topics or practices are currently the most challenging for your company in
terms of managing CSR?
2. INTERNAL CSR COMMUNICATION
D. Internal CSR communication practices
11. How is internal CSR communication and training managed in practice?
-

Who is responsible for CSR communication to employees
(HR/Communications/Sustainability/several units)?
In comparison with the external CSR communication to other stakeholder
groups (CSR reporting, public image / brand) – same people responsible?

12. What is communicated internally in terms of CSR?
-

What are the core messages / stories?
To what extent your organisation shares information on CSR to employees?
Are all practices communicated or only the ones with an impact on daily work?

13. How is CSR communicated to employees?
-

What kind of tools and channels does your organisation use to communicate
and train employees in terms of CSR?
In what ways do you make employees aware and involved in these issues? Why
have these channels been chosen?

14. To whom is the internal CSR communication and training directed? (All staff /
managers / specific unit / team)?
15. What specific objectives or strategy for either CSR communication in general
or internal CSR communication do you have in place?

E. Drivers and importance of internal communication
16. How important do you see the internal communication and training of CSR for your
organisation?

125

Clement_Kasongo
-

How does your company generate and maintain employee awareness and
involvement in CSR?

17. How does your organisation communicate and train CSR activities to
employees?
18. What are the benefits / challenges of internal CSR communication?
-

What kinds of business impacts can internal CSR communication and training
have (if any)?

19. How involved are employees/you in the design of CSR initiatives?
F. The effectiveness and measurement
20. What factors impact the effectiveness of internal CSR communication in your
company?
-

What can assist or hinder effective CSR communication within the
organisation?

21. How does your company follow / measure the effects of internal CSR
communication and training?
Is there anything you would like to add or comment on which we have not discussed
regarding the management of CSR in your company?

126

Clement_Kasongo

Appendix 2. Consent form

CONSENT FORM
Title of research project: Managing Corporate Social Responsibility Knowledge
Name and position of Researcher: Clement Kasongo, Final Year Master’s student,
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economic, Åbo Akedemi University.
Please initial box
1. I confirm that I have read and understood the information
sheet for the above study and have had the opportunity to ask
questions.

2. I understand that my participation is voluntary and that I am
free to withdraw at any time without giving a reason.
3. I agree to take part in the study.

Please tick box
Yes
No
4. I agree to the interview being audio recorded.
5. I agree to the use of anonymised quotes in publications.
Name of participant:

Date:

Signature:

Clement Kasongo (researcher)

Date:

Signature:

