Ruwang Han

Social- and health care educators’ cultural competence

Magisteravhandling
VÅRDVETENSKAP
Författare: Ruwang Han
Handledare: Monika Koskinen
Åbo Akademi
Fakulteten för pedagogik och välfärdsstudier
Hälsovetenskaper
Enheten för vårdvetenskap, år 2020

Ruwang Han

Abstract
Introduction and aim: Cultural differences have significant impacts on classroom
behaviours and communication in teaching. This study is part of a Finnish National
Project ‘Competent Educators Together’ and the aim is to explore social and
healthcare educators’ cultural competence in transcultural education. Methodology:
Data was collected from semi-structured focus group interviews at universities of
applied sciences and vocational colleges. Inductive content analysis was used in the
analysis process. Results: Educators’ cultural competence has many dimensions:
having language and linguistic competence, identifying different learning styles,
integrating multicultural students into a new society, having cultural knowledge and
sensitivity, collaborating and cooperating, having self-awareness and openness
towards transcultural education, respecting and caring for multicultural students.
Conclusion: Cultural competence represents a core competence for social- and health
care educators. Educators need to know students’ background, master different
learning styles and be flexible in their pedagogical approaches. Educators’ attitudes
are central in transcultural education.
Keywords
Culture, Competence, Social- and healthcare educators, Focus group interview,
Content analysis

Ruwang Han

Abstrakt
Introduktion och syfte: Mångkulturalitet har stor betydelse för klimatet och
kommunikationen i undervisningen. Denna studie är en del av det nationella projektet
"Kompetenta lärare tillsammans" och syftet är att utforska kulturell kompetensens vid
transkulturell undervisning för lärare inom social- och hälsovårdsutbildning. Metod:
Data samlades in genom semistrukturerade fokusgruppintervjuer vid yrkeshögskolor
och yrkesskolor. Induktiv innehållsanalys användes i analysprocessen. Resultat:
Lärarnas kulturella kompetens har många dimensioner: språklig och lingvistisk
kompetens, förmåga att identifiera olika inlärningsstilar, integrering av multikulturella
studerande i ett nytt samhälle, kulturell kunskap och känslighet, samarbete och
samverkan, självmedvetenhet och öppenhet för mångkulturell utbildning, respekt och
omsorg om multikulturella studerande. Slutsats: Kulturell kompetens är en
grundläggande kompetens för lärare inom social- och hälsovårdsutbildning. Läraren
måste känna till studerandes bakgrund, kunna använda olika inlärningsstilar och ha en
pedagogisk flexibilitet. Lärarnas attityder är centrala när det gäller interkulturell
utbildning.
Nyckelord:
Kultur, kompetens, lärare inom social- och hälsovårdsutbildning,
fokusgruppintervjuer, innehållsanalys

Ruwang Han

Content
1. Introduction…………………………………………………………...1
2. Theoretical and conceptual framework……………………………….2
3. Previous research about educator's cultural competence……………..3
4. Aim and objective ……………………………………………………4
5. Research methods…………………………………………………….5
6. Ethical considerations………………………………………………...6
7. Results………………………………………………………………...7
8. Discussion……………………………………………………………11
9. Conclusion…………………………………………………………...13
References

Ruwang Han

1. Introduction
Health professional mobility has increased continuously over the past 20 years in the
European area, with an increasing amount of international students (Wismar et al.
2011). It thereby draws attention to cultural issues of meeting the educational needs of
culturally diverse students, and educators’ competence to meet and enable minority
students’ qualification in various professions (Ume-Nwagbo 2012). Quality education
is raised as fundamental for developing social- and health care educators’ cultural
competence and improving the outcome of education (World Health Organization
2016). This research is an essential part of a Finnish research project, ‘Competent
Educators Together’(Mikkonen et al. 2019a), and a previous study (Mikkonen et al.
2019b) that describes cultural and linguistic competence as a core competence of
social- and health care educators. As a result of international trends in social- and
health care education, educators are expected to possess cultural competence in terms
of cultural knowledge and awareness, cultural interaction, cultural sensitivity and
linguistic diversity (cf. Campinha-Bacote 2008).

1

Ruwang Han

2. Theoretical and conceptual framework
The theoretical and conceptual framework includes two main concepts, ‘culture’ and
‘competence’. Culture is depicted as knowledge, intellectual awareness, education,
cultivation, growing, enlightenment, learning, a lifestyle, traditions, beliefs, norms,
values, capabilities and habits acquired by members of a society (Triandis 1972).
According to Kroeber and Kluckholn (1952), culture describes patterned ways of
thinking, feeling and reacting and the essential core of culture is traditional ideas and
attached values. ‘Transcultural’ is chosen for this study to understand educators’
competence to teach students from other cultural backgrounds than their own because
it describes comparable features in different cultures (Stevenson 2010). The generic
understanding of the concept of competence comprises knowledge, skills and attitudes.
Knowledge describes a person’s ability to understand facts and procedures, skills
describe the ability to perform activities in a given context, and attitude is a person’s
bearing, feelings, and character. (Osagie et al. 2016, Delamare Le Deist & Winterton
2005).
According to Sharifi et al. (2019) cultural competence comprises six components:
awareness, knowledge, sensitivity, skills, proficiency and dynamicity. Furthermore,
main factors related to cultural competence include cultural diversity, encounter and
interaction, desire and humility. Campinha-Bacote (2007) describes cultural
competence as an on-going process, where cultural desire provokes the whole process.
Desire leads to entering the process of becoming culturally competent by seeking
cultural encounters, gaining cultural knowledge, performing culturally sensitive
judgments and skills, and being humble in the process of cultural awareness.

2

Ruwang Han

3. Previous research about educator's cultural competence
When educators and students come from various countries, cultural differences
emerge, for example, the social positions of educators and students, the understanding
of curriculum and interaction in education. Language barriers are described as a
challenge in transcultural education and it is hence relevant to be aware of language
differences and the burden of adapting to a new learning environment and effective
communication, for example by more student-centered approaches (Lu & Kitt-Lewis’
2018, Pitkäjärvi et al. 2011, Cox & Yamaguchi 2010).
Educators’ cultural competence describes skills that help to understand and appreciate
the cultural differences in education. Bednarz et al. (2010) emphasize that educators’
cultural competence is influenced by educators’ personal cultural histories and
backgrounds, their ways of thinking and knowledge about cultural patterns and
differences. Morton-Miller (2013) highlights the necessity of showing interest in
students’ cultural background and allowing students to tell their cultural stories in
relation to education, clinical practice and their own lives.
Based on Lassenius’ study (2011), educators’ cultural competence consists of
affective competence, cognitive competence and behavioural competence. Affective
competence consists of educators’ emotions and communicative abilities. Cognitive
competence describes how educators improve their knowledge about culture,
ethnicities and religions, while behavioural competence describes educators’ cultural
experience, cultural background and cultural attitudes. Educators’ cultural
competence develops in a process from cultural awareness to a need of knowledge
and further to cultural sensitivity. Thus, they possess cultural competence in
interaction and cultural sensitivity. According to Morton-Miller (2013), educators’
cultural competence involves many experiences and self-reflection. By reflecting on
their own cultural histories, educators’ understanding and self-awareness about
cultural differences can influence the curriculum and policies in education. Gibbs and
Culleiton’s (2016) study shows the importance of nurse educators to value diversity,
respect cultural differences, and adapt teaching strategies to complement the needs of
culturally diverse students.

3

Ruwang Han

4. Aim and objective
The aim of this research is to explore social- and health care educators’ cultural
competence in transcultural education. The objective is to contribute to further
development and implementation of cultural competence into educators’ curriculum
and further training.

4

Ruwang Han

5. Research methods
Data was collected in social- and health care educational units at seven universities of
applied sciences and two vocational colleges in Finland during the spring 2018.
Sixteen semi-structured focus group interviews with 2-5 educators per group were
conducted. In total 48 educators participated in focus group interviews, 33 female and
15 males aged from 46 to 54 years. Of the respondents 26 were health care educators,
7 social work educators, 6 physiotherapy educators, 3 public health educators and 6
from other health care educations. 41 worked at universities of applied sciences and 7
worked at vocational colleges. In relation to working experience, 14 respondents had
less than 5 years’ working experience while 34 respondents had more than 10 years’
working experience. An interview guide based on the results of a systematic literature
review study regarding social and health care educators’ competence area was used
during the interviews (Mikkonen et al. 2019b). The open-ended theme, what
competences do the social and health care educators need today and in the future, was
important for this study. The interviews were recorded with voice recorders and
transcribed into 525 pages text.
Elo and Kyngäs’ (2008) inductive content analysis was used as analysis method. The
transcribed interviews have been reviewed several times before the main analysis
process. More than 100 open codes emerged for analysis by words or sentences in
relation to educators’ cultural competence. Based on similarity and dissimilarity,
those codes were classified into sub-categories and further into main categories. The
results describe with three main categories and seven sub-categories.

5

Ruwang Han

6. Ethical considerations
This research was conducted based on the ethical principles for research involving
human subjects in the Helsinki Declaration (2013). On 12th December 2017, the
ethical committee at the University of Jyväskylä apprised the ethical permission. All
participating organizations and participants in the focus group interviews granted
research permission in this study. The respondents were informed about the process
and aim of this research and their participations in the study were voluntary,
confidential and anonymous. The collected data will be saved for 10 years in archive
files according to General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the legislation of
personal data.

6

Ruwang Han

7. Results
The results are described by main categories and sub-categories.
Sub-categories

Main categories

Language and linguistic competence

Competence in relation to
transcultural education

Competence of identifying different learning styles
Competence in integrating multicultural students into a
new culture
Competence as cultural knowledge and sensitivity

Competence in relation to
educatorship

Competence in collaborating and cooperating
Competence of having self-awareness and willingness
towards transcultural education

Competence in relation to ethical
attitudes

Competence of respecting and caring for multicultural
students
Figure 1. The overview of main categories and sub-categories
Competence in relation to transcultural education
Language and linguistic competence
A language skill, especially knowledge of the English language, is an essential factor
and starting point regarding whether educators can manage to teach multicultural
students. Educators are aware of the importance of language skills in education, but
teaching in a foreign language can also be challenging. They are also aware of
multicultural students’ language difficulties in education. For some students, grammar
and vocabulary can be their weakness, and they understand terminology differently
and use lingual expressions in the learning process. Words, or terms, may also have
different meanings in various cultures. Since the educational language is not the same
as students’ native language, they may express opinions according to their own
cultural thinking. As a result, such different understanding can cause
misunderstandings and turn into a cultural obstacle in communication. By enhancing
educators’ language ability, educators increase their self-confidence in teaching, and
the communication between them and students becomes more understandable.

7

Ruwang Han

Competence in identifying different learning styles
The differences of multicultural students’ learning styles have influenced profoundly
on students’ absorption of new knowledge. For example, in some cultures students are
trained to write correct answers without understanding of text. The study pace varies
among multicultural students; therefore, it requires educators to utilize what kind of
teaching style in class and to know how to guide students in education. If cultural
differences are integrated into teaching, students may learn easier and more
effectively. It will also help them to finish the course, to reach goals in their studies
and increase the quality of education, especially, when multicultural students have
difficulties in learning. It is valuable if educators are aware of students’ challenges
and can perceive this from the feedback that they receive from students about their
studies. Thus, educators can obtain information on how well students have learned
and managed courses and contents. With this reference, educators can have flexibility
in education and evaluation to complement those students’ challenges and design a
better curriculum for future students. Additionally, being creative in teaching can
make knowledge more attractive and memorable.
Competence in integrating multicultural students into a new society
When students come to another cultural society, cultural differences emerge both in
living and clinical training. Multicultural students may feel insecure in class, and they
can have difficulties of being integrated. It may take a long time for an exchange
student to adapt to a completely new environment. It is thereby necessary for
educators to be observant about students’ integration into a new cultural learning
process and help them to integrate with others in class. Adapting to another cultural
environment is not only about learning new knowledge in school, but also about
norms, traditions and values of another culture.
Competence in relation to educatorship
Competence as cultural knowledge and sensitivity
The result emphasises the importance of having cultural knowledge and sensitivity in
education. Thus, it can minimize misunderstandings and communication gaps
between educators and students. Certainly, it is not possible for educators to learn and
8

Ruwang Han
know each student’s culture, traditions, values and customs. Educators require the
capacity to know different cultures and also to see health, care and caring in a global
perspective. Learning a new culture can be a gradual development as well as a
lifelong exploring procedure that takes time and presupposes sensitivity, and it is
enriching for all teaching and learning. In order to increase cultural knowledge,
educators talk about different methods, that is, reading, travelling or communicating
with multicultural students. With increased cultural knowledge, educators improve
their understanding about different cultures and it may decrease students’ anxiety and
increase educators’ satisfaction in transcultural teaching. Cultural sensitivity is
thereby beneficial for the process and outcome of transcultural education.

Competence in collaborating and cooperating
When educators work cooperatively, educators can help each other when teaching a
multicultural group, for example, by having more than one educator in the class or a
language educator who serves as a supportive resource to clarify language
issues. Cooperation among educators reduces learning stress for students in
education. Being aware of cultural differences can also be part of organizational
culture. It is beneficial to share knowledge and experience in transcultural teaching,
which can increase educators’ awareness about students’ cultural background and
needs. It can also improve educators’ cultural understanding and help to adjust the
curricula and course plans through a transcultural perspective. Collaborating with
universities abroad offers educators more opportunities to meet other cultures.
Through being involved in international cooperation, collaboration or as exchange
educators, educators can benefit themselves and come together in new networks. In
addition to cooperative academic research and exchange programs, educators can
obtain additional economic support from transcultural activities. The budget or
financial policy in the organization can also be a cornerstone for educators to take
initiatives to participate in transcultural events.

9

Ruwang Han
Competence in relation to ethical attitudes
Competence of having self-awareness and openness towards transcultural education
Self-awareness and willingness are the basic motive in transcultural education and
educators are conscious of gaining more cultural knowledge when teaching a
multicultural group. When possessing the self-awareness and inner willingness,
educators can increase their interest in, initiatives for and participation to meet new
cultures. It is important for educators to have self-awareness and motivation to
improve and implement their own skills and ability in transcultural education. It is
relevant to have openness when meeting different cultures without prejudice or
discriminations. Being open-minded is a productive way to show respect, gain new
knowledge and a way of mutual learning. It is a catalyst to increase and improve the
communication between educators and students; hence, educators can broaden their
horizons, avoid cultural taboos or bias in transcultural teaching. When meeting a new
culture without prejudice, cultural experience will gradually increase.
Competence of respecting and caring for multicultural students
Some students may fall out-of-step with others in the class due to challenges in
following the study plan. Educators concern about multicultural students’ challenges
and study capacity, and it is important for them to discuss and consider challenges in
relation to course planning. A good educator can also be a ’helpful friend’ to students
and a positive and respectful attitude towards multicultural students contributes to
increasing educators’ interest in students’ cultural background and building a
harmonious educator-student relationship. Respecting each individual culture is
regarded as the foundation of transcultural communication. Caring for students is
thereby one irreplaceable rule of educators’ ethics because it gives students spiritual
support.

10

Ruwang Han

8. Discussion
The results highlight that educators should have the capacity of cultural knowledge,
cultural sensitivity in transcultural education and the competence of assisting students
in cultural adaptation. In terms of ‘skills’ of educators, it is useful to set up the goals
of courses and design the curriculum considering multicultural students’ different
learning styles. Through knowing and learning students’ cultural background,
educators increase their cultural knowledge about patterns of students’ thinking and
learning as well as ways of communication in class. Continuous education and extra
training can also contribute to educators’ skills in transcultural education. To optimize
the learning outcomes, it is necessary to build collaborations between educators to
help each other in transcultural education. Cultural differences influence students’
learning styles, behaviours and interaction. (Cox & Yamaguchi 2010) Encouraging
educators to participate in international cooperation will not only benefit themselves
with a wider network of counterparts from other countries, but also improve their
cultural knowledge. Educators’ attitudes towards transcultural education and
multicultural students are considered an essential part of cultural competence. To
develop the cultural competence, educators are supposed to have cultural desire and
willingness to encounter another culture and communicate with culturally diverse
students. With a deeper understanding of different cultures, educators develop
cultural sensitivities and avoid cultural taboos in education (cf. Campinha-Bacote
2008, Campinha-Bacote 2007). Moreover, educators’ self-awareness and desire are
the foundation for gaining cultural competence in a transcultural context. Educators’
positive attitudes e.g. respect and openness will improve the educator-student
relationship and students’ satisfaction as well as educators’ self-achievement in
transcultural education.
Multicultural students’ language barriers have been reviewed as a challenge for
educators in transcultural education. Sanner and Wilson (2008) have pointed out that
the teaching language has a direct influence on the result of transcultural education;
however, the main problem is educators’ attitude such as discrimination or prejudice.
It is meaningful for educators to be open-minded and respectful towards other
cultures. Additionally, due to differences in the students’ learning capacity, educators

11

Ruwang Han
need to have innovation, creation and flexibility in their pedagogical approaches in
course and curriculum planning.

12

Ruwang Han

9. Conclusion
With the demographic globalization, the number of multicultural students is growing
dramatically within social- and health care education. To provide them with a
competent cultural education, it is crucial to improve educators’ cultural competence
in transcultural education. Continuous education will benefit educators in terms of
raising their cultural awareness and offer them a blueprint to visualize about teaching
in multicultural groups. A specialized education in transcultural learning should be an
additional part of the curriculum for social and health care educator candidates. In this
way, candidates can easily adjust to a transcultural environment. Continuous
education and further training is an important supportive part in increasing educators’
competence to fulfil transcultural education. Educators need continuous education so
they can use different didactical methods or even change their speech when teaching
cultural diversity students.

13

Ruwang Han

References
Bednarz H., Schim S. & Doorenbos A. (2010) Cultural diversity in nursing education:
Perils, pitfalls, and pearls. Journal of Nursing Education 49(5), 253–260.
Campinha-Bacote J. (2008) Cultural desire: ‘Caught’ or ‘taught’?. Contemporary
Nurse 28(1-2), 141–148.
Campinha-Bacote J. (2007) The process of cultural competence in the delivery
of healthcare services. Transcultural C.A.R.E. Associates.
Cox K. & Yamaguchi S. (2010) Japanese graduate nursing students’ perception of the
teaching performance of an intercultural teacher. Nursing Education Perspectives
31(3), 156–159.
Declaration of Helsinki. (2013) Ethical principles for medical research involving
human subjects. JAMA 310(20), 2191–2194.
Delamare Le Devist F. & Winterton J. (2005) What is competence? Human resource
Development International 8(1), 27–46.
Elo S. & Kyngäs H. (2008) The qualitative content analysis process. Journal of
Advanced Nursing 62(1), 107–115.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 27, April 2016. (online)
https://eurlex.europa.eu/legalcontent/EN/TXT/?qid=1575013157201&uri=CELEX:32
016R0679 (25.03.2020)

Gibbs D. & Culleiton A.L. (2016) A project to increase educator cultural competence
in mentoring at-risk Nursing students. Teaching and Learning in Nursing 11(3), 118–
125.
Kroeber A.L. & Kluckholn C. (1952) Culture: A critical review of concepts
and definitions. Vintage Books, New York.
Lassenius Y. (2011) Utvecklingen av vårdlärarnas kulturkompetens. En kvalitativ
studies om fokuserar på lärarna i en mångkulturell Finland. Diss.: University of
Jyväskylä, Jyväskylä University Printing House, Jyväskylä
Lu H. & Kitt-Lewis E. (2018) Pedagogical differences: A comparative
reflection between American and Chinese nursing education. Nurse Education
Today 63, 108–111.
Mikkonen K., Koivula M.,Sjögren T., Korpi H., Koskinen C., Koskinen M., Kuivila
H-M., Lähteenmäki M-L., Koskimäki M., Mäki-Hakola H., Wallin O., Saaranen T.,
Sormunen M., Kokkonen K-M., Kiikeri J., Salminen L., Ryhtä I., Elonen I., &
Kääriäinen M. (2019a) TerOpe-Kärkihanke Sosiaaali-, terveys- ja kuntoutusalan

14

Ruwang Han
opettajien osaaminen ja sen kehittäminen. ACTA UNIVERSITATIS OULUENSIS F
Scripta Academica 14.
Mikkonen K., Koskinen M., Koskinen C., Koivula M., Koskimäki M., Lähteenmäki
M-L., Mäki-Hakola H., Wallin O., Sjögren T., Salminen L., Sormunen M., Saaranen
T.,Kuivila H-M. & Kääriäinen M. (2019b). Qualitative study of social and healthcare
educators’ perceptions of competence in education. Health and Social Care in the
Community 27(6), 1555–1563.
Morton-Miller A.R. (2013) Cultural competence in nursing education: practicing what
we preach. Teaching and Learning in Nursing 8 (3), 91–95.
Osagie E., Wesselink R., Blok V., Lans T. & Mulder M. (2016). Individual
competencies for corporate social responsibility: A literature and practice perspective.
Journal of Business Ethics 135(2), 233–252.
Personal Data Act 523/1999, (1999) Ministry of Justice. Finland.
(online) https://www.finlex.fi/en/laki/kaannokset/1999/19990523 (25.03.2020)
Pitkäjärvi M., Eriksson E. & Kekki P. (2011) Teachers’ experiences of Englishlanguage-taught degree programs within health care sector of Finnish polytechnics.
Nurse Education Today 31(6), 553–557.
Sanner S. & Wilson A.H. (2008) The experiences of students with English as a
second language in a baccalaureate nursing program. Nurse Education Today 28(7),
807–813.
Sharifi N., Adib-Hajbaghery M. & Najafi M. (2019) Cultural competence in Nursing:
A concept analysis. International Journal of Nursing studies 99, 1–8.
Stevenson A. (ed.) (2010) Oxford Dictionary of English, 3rd edition,
Oxford University Press, Oxford, U.K.
Triandis H.C. (1972) The analysis of subjective culture. John Wiley & Sons, New
York.
Ume-Nwagbo P.N. (2012) Implications of Nursing Faculties’ Cultural
Competence. Journal of Nursing Education 51(5), 262–268.
Wismar M., Maier C.B., Glinos I.A., Dussault G. & Figueras J. (Eds.) (2011)
Health Professional Mobility and Health Systems. European Observatory on Health
Systems and Policies. World Health Organization, United Kingdom.
World Health Organization. (2016) Nurse educators core competencies.
WHO Document Production Services, Geneva, Switzerland.

15

