MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Laura Kivelä

‘Child brides’ in Europe – Third State Obligations in the
Recognition of Child Marriages Concluded Abroad and the
Conflicting Norms

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
Master’s Programme in International Law
and Human Rights
Supervisor: Lisa Grans
Åbo Akademi
2020

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights
Law
Author: Laura Kivelä
Title of the Thesis: ‘Child Brides’ in Europe – Third State Obligations in the Recognition of Child
Marriages Concluded Abroad and the Conflicting Norms
Supervisor: Lisa Grans
After the so-called refugee crises that began in 2015 in Europe, the number of child marriages
within European borders have increased significantly. Even if it is undisputed that marriages
concluded without a full, free and informed consent are prohibited in international law, child
marriages, where the young child brides may not fully understand the nature and consequences of
the union unfortunately do happen all over the world and many jurisdictions still accept the
practice. Therefore, it is not uncommon that young refugee girls migrating to Europe are married.
The migrating child brides have given rise to heated debates about the extent of EU States’
obligations towards the recognition of such marriages. The question is, in what circumstances
should a child marriage concluded abroad be recognized in EU Member States and when is it
acceptable under international law to refuse to recognize the legal validity such marriage?
There is no absolute obligation of non-recognition of a child marriage concluded abroad in
international instruments but during the recent decade, there has been a trend in Europe towards a
total ban on such marriages; already five States have enacted laws prohibiting entirely the
recognition of foreign child marriages and thus automatically limiting the child brides’ right to
family life and at times exposing the child to the risk of torture or ill-treatment. States that have
refused to recognize foreign child marriages have become subjects of debate on whether they are
conforming their international obligations by automatically limiting the rights of the child brides
but on the contrary, the recognition of a child marriage may mean that the recognizing State
tolerates severe human rights violations within its State borders.
This thesis is a doctrinal study that analyses the extent of EU States’ obligations with respect to
foreign child marriages by analysing the situations where limitations on the child brides’ right to
family life and prohibition of torture under the European Convention on Human Rights may be
justified. The conclusion that is drawn is that limitations on the right to family life are allowed
within the limits of the principle of proportionality and margin of appreciation and that under the
principle of ordre public States do not have to enforce a foreign marriage if it is against the public
policy and morals of that State. Nevertheless, derogation from prohibition of torture is not possible.
In situations where both the child marriage as well as its non-recognition would expose the child
to torture or ill-treatment, the States must exercise due diligence in preventing and addressing the
possible violations and the decisions concerning the marriage shall be made according to the
standard of the best interests of the child.
There is no straightforward answer to the primary question of this thesis, but this study argues that
a total ban on the recognition of foreign child marriages violates the States’ obligations under
international human rights law. Each child marriage should be considered on an individual basis
taking into consideration the interests of the State and the child, with the best interests of the child
as the primary consideration.

Key words: child brides, child marriage in Europe, peremptory norms of international law, the
right to private and family life, proportionality test, margin of appreciation, the standard of the
best interests of a child, international human rights law, the European Convention on Human
Rights
Date: 07.05.2020

Number of pages: 80 (61+19)
Number of words (excl. bibliography and
annexes: 27 975

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABBREVIATIONS
1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

Introduction ................................................................................................................................ 1
1.1.

Background .......................................................................................................................... 1

1.2.

Aim and Methodology ......................................................................................................... 3

1.3.

Limitations ........................................................................................................................... 4

1.4.

Sources ................................................................................................................................. 5

Child Brides Crossing into Europe – Causes, Responses and Obligations........................... 6
2.1.

Child Marriage in General – Causes and Consequences ..................................................... 6

2.2.

International Legal Framework Concerning Child Marriage ............................................ 10

2.3.

Child Marriage in the Context of Migration ...................................................................... 15

2.4.

Applicability of the ECHR to Child Brides ....................................................................... 17

2.5.

European Responses to the Issue of the Migrating Child Brides....................................... 18

2.6.

Is there an Obligation of Non-Recognition in International Instruments? ........................ 21

Child-Brides in Europe and the Conflicting Norms ............................................................. 24
3.1.

Child Marriage and Peremptory Norms of International Law ........................................... 24

3.2.

Recognition of a Child Marriage and the Prohibition of Torture ...................................... 26

3.3.

Non-Recognition of a Child Marriage and the Prohibition of Torture .............................. 31

3.4.

Right to Respect for Private and Family Life .................................................................... 34

Balancing Child Marriage and the Conflicting Norms ........................................................ 37
4.1.

Limiting the Rights Enshrined in the ECHR ..................................................................... 37

4.2.

Prohibition of Discrimination ............................................................................................ 40

4.3.

Principle of Proportionality................................................................................................ 41

4.4.

Margin of Appreciation...................................................................................................... 43

4.5.

Ordre Public in Private International Law ........................................................................ 47

4.6.

Standard of the Best Interests of a Child ........................................................................... 51

Conclusions ............................................................................................................................... 56

BIBLIOGRAPHY

ABBREVIATIONS
CAT

UN Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment

CAT Committee

UN Committee Against Torture

CEDAW

UN Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Discrimination against
Women

CEDAW Committee

UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women

CRC

UN Convention on the Rights of the Child

CRC Committee

UN Committee on the Rights of the Child

ECHR

European Convention on Human Rights

ECtHR

European Court of Human Rights

EU

European Union

GREVIO

Group of Experts on Action against Violence against Women and
Domestic Violence

ICJ

International Court of Justice

ILC

International Law Commission

ILC Articles

International Law Commission’s Articles on the Responsibility of States
for Internationally Wrongful Acts

Istanbul Convention

Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence
Against Women and Domestic Violence

Slavery Convention

Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade,
and Institutions and Practices Similar to Slavery

UDHR

Universal Declaration of Human Rights

UN

United Nations

UNGA

UN General Assembly

1. Introduction
1.1. Background
The untypically high refugee flows since 2015 have brought a new type of problem on the doorstep
of European States, namely migrating ‘child brides’.1 Child marriage is a common practice in the
developing world because of false believes regarding the best interest of children, traditions and
economic needs,2 but it has also become more and more common among populations living in conflict
zones and refugee camps where young girls and their families are in need of protection from sexual
harassment and violence committed by men who see vulnerable families as easy targets.3
Consequently, there has been a significant increase in the number of child marriages in Europe
because it is not unusual that the young girls who migrate to Europe are married at young age.4 Even
if child marriages are often concluded according to the laws of the home countries of the child brides,5
European countries have faced dilemmas as to the recognition of the marriages concluded abroad
because according to international law, child marriage is a fundamental human rights violation.6 It
affects both directly and indirectly several human rights of the girls and may even lead to death or
lifetime suffering. Child marriage is addressed in several human rights instruments but yet, it is
estimated that by 2030, an additional 150 million adolescent girls will get married before they reach
the age of 18.7 The increasing number of child brides crossing into Europe has triggered a heated
debate in European States on whether child marriages concluded abroad should be tolerated in Europe
or not.

1

UN General Assembly, Human Rights Council, Thirty-first session, Agenda item 3, ‘Promotion and protection of all
human rights, civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development’, Report of the
Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, UN Doc. A/HRC/31/57
(2016), para. 64.
2
UNFPA’s Action for Adolescent Girls, ‘Building the health, social and economic assets of adolescent girls, especially
those at risk of child marriage’, Programme Document, 2014, p. 3, see also United Nations Population Fund, topics –
‘Child marriage’. Available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage (8.11.2019).
3
El Arab, R., and Sagbakken, M., ‘Child marriage of female Syrian refugees in Jordan and Lebanon: a literature review’,
Global Health Action 2019, Vol 12, 1585709, 2018, p. 1 and pp. 5-6.
4
Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, UNGA
A/HRC/31/57 (2016), para. 64, see also Plan International: ‘Child marriages creeping into Europe’. Available from:
https://www.plan.ie/stories/child-marriage-europe/ (17.11.2019).
5
Girls Not Brides: ‘Where does it happen?’ Available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/where-does-it-happen/atlas
(25.3.2020).
6
See chapter 2.2.
7
UNICEF Data: ‘Child marriage’, October 2019. Available from: https://data.unicef.org/topic/child-protection/childmarriage/ (29.2.2020).

1

Child marriage is a widespread problem affecting all regions of the world in one way or another.8
Even if most child marriages are concluded in developing States or within conflict zones, they do
happen all over the world, including Europe.9 As the rest of the international community, European
States have made a lot of efforts to abolish the harmful practice but based on the debates around the
issue in Europe, it can be assumed that the European States have certainly not been prepared for the
current situation where the issue affects the entire continent as significantly as it now does.10 They
have been forced to confront a major legal dilemma; if they accept child marriages concluded in third
States, they simultaneously accept human rights violations within their State borders. On the other
hand, separating these children from their husbands who may be the only family the children have left
violates several other rights, like the child brides’ right to respect for family life. Furthermore, being
married affects the child brides’ possibility to permanent residence within European borders while a
married child is not entitled to the protection of refugee children as their husbands are assumed to
have responsibility for them. Again on the other hand, being married can in some situations ease the
child brides’ access to Europe on grounds of family reunification.11
So, the question is, which rights should prevail? If States separate the child brides from their
husbands, are they protecting the rights of the girl, or violating the married couples’ right to family
life? There is no straightforward answer to whether child marriages should be recognized in Europe
or not. Moreover, not much has been written of the topic as it is a rather recent problem. However,
during the past few years, European States have been forced to re-examine their legislation and
policies and a few States have already taken steps towards combatting the problem by banning child
marriages completely within their State borders. The measures taken within these States have led to
heated discussions of the legal dilemmas arising from the non-recognition of child marriages and it
can arguably be said that the dilemma of the migrating child brides remains as a ‘grey zone’ in
international law, making it an important topic for research.

8

Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, UNGA
A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63.
9
Girls Not Brides: ‘Child Marriages Around the World’ Available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/where-does-ithappen/ (29.2.2020).
10
See chapter 2.5.
11
European Commission, Migration and Home Affairs: ‘Family Reunification’, available from:
https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/legal-migration/family-reunification_en (04.05.2020), see also
chapter 2.3.

2

1.2. Aim and Methodology
This thesis is a doctrinal study of the migrating child brides whose status, when arriving within the
European borders is a debated issue in EU States. The main issue is the fact that there are no explicit
international or regional provisions on how child marriages concluded abroad should be addressed in
Europe. While marriages concluded without a full, free and informed consent are prohibited in Europe
per se,12 a married child arriving to the continent brings about several legal dilemmas where the rights
of the child are at stake. There have been differences in how EU States have responded to the
migrating child brides but no simple answer on how they should respond. The primary aim of this
thesis is to provide a legal analysis of the extent of EU States’ obligations towards the recognition of
child marriages concluded abroad. The primary question to which this thesis seeks an answer is the
following:
In what circumstances should a child marriage concluded abroad be recognized in EU Member States
and when is it acceptable under international law to refuse to recognize the legal validity of such
marriage?
In order to achieve this aim, it is important to first briefly discuss the issue of child marriage in general
and how international law prohibits the practice. An analysis of the international normative
framework conceptualizes the States’ obligations regarding child marriages in general and thus brings
legal weight to the further analysis of child marriages concluded abroad. Thereafter, the focus will be
put on child marriages in the context of migration and on the responses of EU States with regard to
the problem. Thereafter, this thesis will provide an analysis of the international instruments
addressing the recognition of child marriages. Is there an explicit obligation not to recognize a child
marriage concluded abroad in the current international normative framework?
The thesis will next move on to the legal dilemmas caused by the recognition - as well as the nonrecognition of child marriages by discussing the fundamental rights a child marriage in the context
of migration affects with a focus on peremptory norms of international law and the right to respect
for private and family life. Firstly, peremptory norms of international law are discussed in general
and the International Law Commission Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally
Wrongful Acts (ILC Articles) and its application on child marriages is analysed. Next, the focus will

12

See chapter 2.2.

3

be put on the prohibition of torture and ill-treatment and on how both the recognition, as well as the
non-recognition of a foreign child marriage may lead to violations of Article 3. The positive
obligation of States to secure the rights enshrined in the European Convention on Human Rights
(ECHR) to everyone within their jurisdiction and the principle of due diligence will as well be
discussed in conjunction with the prohibition of torture and ill-treatment. Finally, the chapter will
discuss how the non-recognition of a foreign child marriage affects the child brides’ right to respect
for family life and how States positive obligations with respect to human rights may impose an
obligation on States to recognize a child marriage concluded abroad.
In order to answer the primary question of this study, in the last chapter of this thesis, the scenarios
deriving from both the recognition and the non-recognition of child marriages will be balanced with
principles of international law allowing and limiting restrictions to the rights enshrined in the ECHR.
In sum, the author aims to provide a legal analysis of a key legal aspect of migrating child brides, as
specified in the research question.
1.3. Limitations
Child marriage is a serious and widespread problem. A lot needs to be done to end the practice
completely and it is therefore a topic worth studying from many aspects, but this thesis will consider
the issue of the migrating, married children only. It is also understood that child marriage affects
several human rights of the victims. However, this thesis will be limited to the rights affected directly
in child marriages in the context of migration only with a focus on the prohibition of slavery and the
prohibition of torture and ill-treatment, giving more weight to the latter, and the right to respect for
private and family life, with focus on family life only.
It is also recognized that in addition to adolescent girls, child marriage affects young boys as well.
Boys should be entitled to the same protection and rights as girls, but because it is generally accepted
that child marriage is a form of gender-based violence as it disproportionately affects young women
and girls13 and because child marriage is regulated in several international instruments concerning
the rights of women, this thesis will be limited to the so-called child brides only and only to the
marriages that have been concluded according to the laws of the concluding State and should thus be

13

Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, UNGA
A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 58.

4

enforced abroad as well.14 Nevertheless, whenever this thesis addresses the issues arising from family
reunification applications where the child bride seeks asylum or a residence permit on family
reunification grounds, the focus will be put only on the child brides residing outside European borders
at the time the application is lodged. The possible violations on the rights of the husband, or the
interests of any children born within the marriage are not discussed in this thesis.
This thesis provides a brief overview of the international legal framework concerning child marriage
but is this further limited to Member States of the EU only and to the ECHR as the main Convention.
1.4. Sources
As a doctrinal study, the main sources of this thesis will be legal doctrines and case law. While the
focus is in the EU, the main sources throughout the study are the ECHR and case law of the European
Court of Human Rights (ECtHR). Even if court decisions are only secondary sources of international
law and do not have a binding effect,15 they are a significant source in this thesis while the recognition
of foreign child marriages is not explicitly regulated in any international instruments. Therefore, the
analysis this thesis contains will mostly be based on case law of the ECtHR as well as on national
case law. Furthermore, legal literature, other research and soft law relating to the issue of this study
are also used to support the analysis of the ECHR and case law.
As all EU Member States are also members of the Council of Europe, resolutions by the Parliamentary
Assembly of the Council of Europe concerning child marriage will as well be addressed for presenting
the viewpoint of the Council of Europe on child marriages. Even if the resolutions are not binding on
Member States, they do have a significant political and moral effect and can thus be regarded as
important tools for analysing the extent of obligations EU States have towards the recognition of
foreign child marriages. Moreover, some national legislation of EU States will as well be analysed
and compared with each other for achieving an understanding on how EU States have addressed the
issue of the migrating child brides within their State borders.

14

UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women/Committee on the Rights of the Child ‘Joint
General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/31CRC/C/GC/18, para. 3-4, see also Murphy, Kent, ‘The Traditional View of Public Policy and Ordre Public in Private
International law’, Georgia Journal of International and Comparative Law, Vol. 11, No. 3 (1981) p. 591.
15
The Statue of the International Court of Justice (1945) Art. 38d, see also Art. 59.

5

In the ECHR, the two main articles discussed as the conflicting norms in the context of migrating
child brides will be the prohibition of torture (Article 3) and the right to respect for private and family
life (Article 8). The prohibition of slavery and forced labour (Article 4) will as well briefly be
analysed in conjunction with peremptory norms of international law, which in turn will be analysed
with the help of the International Law Commission’s Articles on the Responsibility of States for
Internationally Wrongful Acts (ILC Articles).
Even if the focus is in the EU, with the aim of presenting the international legal framework addressing
child marriage, multiple UN instruments, resolutions and recommendations prohibiting or
condemning the practice will briefly be discussed and later used throughout the study to fill in the
gaps, or to support EU legislation. Among the UN conventions, the Convention on the Rights of the
Child (CRC), the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment (CAT) and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against
Women (CEDAW) are the most relevant conventions in the context of child marriages and especially
the general comments and recommendations by the CEDAW Committee, the CAT Committee and
by the CRC Committee are important sources in defining a child marriage and in analysing the legal
effect of such marriage.
Furthermore, several internet sources including news articles and statistics by UNICEF and the UN
Population Fund will as well be used to demonstrate the scope of the issue of this study and to discuss
child marriage in general.
2. Child Brides Crossing into Europe – Causes, Responses and Obligations
2.1. Child Marriage in General – Causes and Consequences
A child marriage is defined as “marriage where at least one of the parties is under 18 years of age”16
and most commonly, it is a union between an adolescent girl and an older man.17 A child marriage
can be based on consent of the child bride, but it is often arranged by the family of the girl against
her will for exchange of dowries, for protection for the girl and the family against violence and sexual

16

Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
17
Global Citizen, ‘Child Marriage: What you need to know and how you can help end it’, by Daniele Selby and Carmen
Singer, 2019, available from: https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/child-marriage-brides-india-niger-syria/
(20.4.2020).

6

harassment by third-parties or simply because of culture and traditions.18 For example in Turkey,
almost half of all child marriages are concluded because of a decision made by the child brides’
family.19 While the child brides have often not expressed their consent to the marriage, or because of
their young age cannot be seen as capable of giving “a full, free and informed consent”,20 child
marriages are regarded as one type of forced marriage.21
Nevertheless, even if consent has been given, the young brides may not fully understand the nature
and impact of the union, or may not have the courage to refuse or question the authority of their
family.22 Therefore, young girls are particularly vulnerable for the harmful consequences of a child
marriage and even a consent to the union by a child bride may be questionable.23 Although there are
arguments that all child marriages are inherently forced marriages while children cannot validly
consent,24 international instruments and national legislation of many States provide exceptions to the
marriageable age of 1825 and it can therefore be argued that some children may be mature enough for
an informed consent. Consequently, all marriages categorized as child marriages are necessarily not
forced marriages. However, a consent to the marriage does not exclude the fact that the union may
be harmful for the child.26
There are several reasons for child marriage but above all, it is deeply rooted in traditional genderroles where women and girls are seen as being less valuable than men and boys.27 Child marriage
evolves from inequality between men and women and is often a consequence of poverty and
desperation. Many parents in poor areas believe that marriage can safeguard their daughter’s future
while the parents have not the capacity to take care of their children by themselves. They transfer the
responsibility to others; older men who are assumed to take care of the adolescent girls. Consequently,

18

European Parliamentary Research Service, ‘Child marriage: Still too many’, PE 623.526-June 2018. pp.1-2, see also
El-Arab (2018), pp. 5-6.
19
Council of Europe, GREVIO, Baseline Evaluation Report: Turkey, Strasbourg 2018, para. 237.
20
Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
21
The illegality of forced marriages will be discussed further in the next sub-chapter. See also UN Human Rights Office
of the High Commissioner, ‘Child, early and forced marriage, including in humanitarian settings’, available from:
https://www.ohchr.org/en/issues/women/wrgs/pages/childmarriage.aspx (25.3.2020).
22
Turner, Catherine, ‘Out of the Shadows – Child marriage and slavery’, Anti-Slavery International, April 2013, p. 17.
23
GREVIO, Baseline Evaluation Report: Turkey 2018, para. 238, see also Turner (2013) p. 17.
24
See for example Actionaid: ‘Child Marriage’, available from: https://www.actionaid.org.uk/about-us/what-wedo/violence-against-women-and-girls/child-marriage (23.4.2020).
25
See chapter 2.2.
26
UN Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner ‘Child, early and forced marriage, including in humanitarian
settings’, available from: https://www.ohchr.org/en/issues/women/wrgs/pages/childmarriage.aspx (25.3.2020).
27
Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 6.

7

child marriage is strongly affected by culture, religion and false believes on the best interests of the
children making it a difficult issue to eliminate.28 In many regions of the world, it is a practice
governed not only by national law, but also by religious laws and practices discriminating women
and girls.29
A great amount of effort and progress has been made to combat the practice but nevertheless, child
marriage rates are decreasing slowly. Because of the population growth in the developing countries,
the total number of child marriages will actually be expected to grow instead of the targeted decrease.
A lot of international, regional and national instruments concerning child marriage already exists, but
because of the scope and complexity of the issue, a lot more needs to be done.30 According to the
Sustainable Development Goals by the UN, child marriage shall be ended by year 203031 and most
importantly, the victims of child marriage must be supported and protected; children who are in risk
of ending up married under the age of 18 and the ones who already have been victimized.32
Child marriage is a widespread problem that touches every region of the world in one way or another33
and affects tens of millions of children each year.34 It is considered as a fundamental human rights
violation that violates the children’s right to choose who to marry,35 exposes them to both physical
and psychological violence36 and endangers the lives and health of them through early pregnancy and
sexually transmitting diseases like HIV. Because young girls are often not ready for pregnancy,
complications leading to death during pregnancy or childbirth are the most common causes of death
among young girls in developing countries.37 Child marriage affects also fundamentally to the futures

28

United Nations Population Fund, topics – ‘Child marriage’, available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage
(8.11.2019).
29
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, ‘General recommendation on Article 16 of the
Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Discrimination against Women’, CEDAW/C/GC/29, February 2013, para.
2.
30
United Nations Population Fund, topics – ‘Child marriage’, available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage
(8.11.2019).
31
UN Sustainable Development Goals Knowledge Platform, ‘Sustainable Development Goal 5: Achieve gender equality
and empower all women and girls’, available from: https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg5 (9.11.2019).
32
United Nations Population Fund, topics – ‘Child marriage’. available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage
(8.11.2019).
33
Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, UNGA
A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63.
34
UNFPA’s Action for Adolescent Girls, ‘Building the health, social and economic assets of adolescent girls, especially
those at risk of child marriage’, Programme Document, 2014, p. 3.
35
United Nations Population Fund, topics – ‘Child marriage’, available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage
(8.11.2019) .
36
Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 22.
37
United Nations Population Fund, topics – ‘Child marriage’. Available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage
(8.11.2019).

8

of the children; while the decision-making capacities of the young girls is often very limited, their
freedom of movement is generally restricted and their right to education denied. Girls drop out of
school and start taking care of their households at a very young age which affects both the social and
the intellectual development of the child.38 Therefore, even if child marriage is often a consequence
of poverty and inequality, it also keeps producing it.39
The severe and gross nature of child marriage is also reflected in the fact that child marriage may
amount to a breach of two fundamental principles of customary international law; the prohibition of
torture and the prohibition of slavery.40 The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights has held that
“women and girls in situations of child and forced marriage may experience conditions inside a
marriage which meet “international legal definitions of slavery and slavery-like practices””.41
Furthermore, Anti-Slavery International likens child marriage to slavery in situations where the girl
is abducted as a wife or in situations where the child’s parents hand over the child as a wife for gaining
protection for the family.42 When the husband exercises full control over the child and an informed
and full consent does not exist, the relationship of the child bride and the husband may constitute as
“ownership” rather than a marital union and thus amount to slavery.43 Child marriage is also
addressed in the UN Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade and
Institutions and Practices Similar to Slavery where child marriage is categorized as an institution or
practice “similar to slavery”.44
When it comes to torture and ill-treatment, the former UN Special Rapporteur on Torture and other
Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment and Punishment Juan Mendez has identified child marriage
as a form of torture and ill-treatment while such marriages are “strongly linked to violence against
women and inflict long-term physical and psychological harm on victims.”45 Moreover, the UN

38
Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 22.
39
United Nations Population Fund, topics – ‘Child marriage’, available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage
(8.11.2019).
40
Report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, ’Preventing and eliminating child,
early and forced marriage’, Human Rights Council, Twenty-sixth session, Agenda items 2 and 3, A/HRC/26/22, April
2014, para. 24, see also Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or
punishment, UNGA A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 58.
41
Report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, ’Preventing and eliminating child,
early and forced marriage’, Human Rights Council, Twenty-sixth session, Agenda items 2 and 3, A/HRC/26/22, April
2014, para. 21.
42
Turner (2013) p. 16.
43
Ibid., p. 17.
44
the UN Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade and Institutions and Practices Similar
to Slavery, Art. 1.C, see also Chapter 2.2.
45
UNGA A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63.

9

Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW Committee) have held
that child marriage is “a harmful practice which leads to the infliction of physical, mental or sexual
harm or suffering, with both short-and long-term consequences, and negatively impacts on the
capacity of victims to realize the full range of their rights” and may thus constitute torture or illtreatment.46 Accordingly, a child marriage may lead to a breach of an internationally recognized
peremptory norm.47
This thesis will next briefly discuss the international legal framework protecting against child
marriage and then continue with the focus on the migrating child brides.
2.2. International Legal Framework Concerning Child Marriage
Child marriage is prohibited either directly, or indirectly in multiple international legal instruments.
Already the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) listed the right to marry as a
fundamental right to which all adults are entitled to. The Declaration says that “men and women of
full age...have the right to marry and found a family” and promotes the importance of consent in
marriage.48 The marital rights protected in the Declaration were later elaborated in the UN
Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages,49
which imposes an obligation on State Parties to take all appropriate measures for eliminating both
forced marriage and child marriage completely.50 It obliges all State Parties to set a minimum age of
marriage in their legislation and to ensure that all marriages under this age have no legal effect except
in special circumstances where the marriage is in the best interest of both parties.51 The Convention
came into force in 1964 and is ratified by 56 States from which 24 are European.52
Today, the most important international treaties in the context of child marriage are the Convention
on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women (CEDAW)53 and the UN

46

UN General Assembly, Human Rights Council, Twenty-Sixth Session, Report of the Office of the United Nations High
Commissioner for Human Rights, Preventing and eliminating child, early and forced marriage, A/HRC/26/22, para. 10.
47
See chapter 3.1.
48
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted in December 1948, Art. 16.
49
Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages, opened for signature
and ratification by General Assembly in November 1962, entry into force in December 1964.
50
Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages, preamble.
51
Ibid., Art. 2.
52
United Nations Treaty Collections, ‘Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration
of
Marriages’,
status
as
at:
15-12-2019,
available
from:
https://treaties.un.org/Pages/ViewDetails.aspx?src=TREATY&mtdsg_no=XVI-3&chapter=16&lang=en (15.12.2019).
53
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, adopted by General Assembly in
December 1979, entry into force in September 1981.

10

Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC).54 The CEDAW, the Convention promoting the equal
rights of men and women55 expressly prohibits child marriage in Article 16. The Article imposes a
positive obligation on State Parties to “take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination
against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations.”56 Even if the Article deals
with the marital rights of women in general, its second paragraph prohibits child marriage completely
by stating that “the marriage of a child shall have no legal effect.”57 CEDAW does not provide age
limits for a child marriage, but the CRC defines children as humans “below the age of eighteen
years.”58 The CEDAW Committee and the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC Committee)
have also issued a joint general comment on harmful practices59 where the committees describe child
marriage as marriage “where at least one of the parties is under 18 years of age.”60 Accordingly, it
can be argued that a marriage that shall have no legal effect according to the CEDAW is a marriage
concluded before the age of 18.
The CRC does not explicitly discuss the issue of child marriage, but the CRC Committee recommends
State parties to set a minimum age of marriage to 18 years of age.61 The CRC Committee has also
recognized that Article 24(3) of the CRC imposing an obligation on States to “take all effective and
appropriate measures with a view to abolishing traditional practices prejudicial to the health of
children” should be applicable on child marriage.62 The CRC also imposes an obligation on parents
to make decisions concerning their children taking into consideration the best interests of their child.63
The best interests standard is a fundamental principle of international law that should guide the
decisions of all authorities, States, as well as parents in decisions concerning children. It can be argued
that in situations where parents marry off their daughters for the exchange of dowries, the best

54

Convention on the Rights of the Child, adopted by General Assembly in November 1989, entry into force in September
1990.
55
CEDAW, preamble.
56
Ibid., Art. 16.1.
57
Ibid., Art. 16.2.
58
CRC, Art. 1.
59
UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women/Committee on the Rights of the Child ‘Joint
General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc CEDAW/C/GC/31CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
60
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
61
UN Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC), General comment No. 4 (2003): Adolescent Health and Development
in the Context of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, 1 July 2003, CRC/GC/2003/4, para. 5.
62
Report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, ’Preventing and eliminating child,
early and forced marriage’, Human Rights Council, Twenty-sixth session, Agenda items 2 and 3, A/HRC/26/22, April
2014, para. 10.
63
CRC, Art. 18.

11

interests of the child may not be the primary consideration. Nevertheless, the standard of the best
interests of a child will be discussed further in chapter 4.
Additional interesting instruments in the context of child marriage are the UN Convention against
Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CAT)64 and the
Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade, and Institutions and
Practices Similar to Slavery (Slavery Convention).65 As this thesis already argued, child marriage is
acknowledged, at least in certain situations as a form of torture or ill-treatment or may constitute
slavery.66 Accordingly, it can be argued that child marriage may fall within the scope of the two
particular Conventions.67 The CAT does not explicitly refer to child marriages but it obliges all State
Parties to “take effective legislative, administrative, judicial or other measures to prevent acts of
torture in any territory under its jurisdiction”68 and to “ensure that all acts of torture are offences
under its criminal law”69 and thus suggests that all States should criminalize child marriages that
constitute torture or ill-treatment in their national legislation. The Slavery Convention urges Member
States to abolish practices where “a woman, without the right to refuse, is promised or given in
marriage on payment of a consideration in money or in kind to her parents, guardian, family or any
other person or group.”70 While child marriages are often arranged by families for the exchange of
dowries,71 and while Article 2 of the Convention obliges States to set “suitable minimum ages of
marriage”,72 it can be argued that the Slavery Convention likens child marriage to an institution
“similar to slavery.”73
Even if many States continue having laws discriminating women and girls and justify child marriages
in light of religious laws and cultural practices,74 it can arguably be said that child marriage is
prohibited in international law which imposes both positive and negative obligations on States to
ensure the elimination of the practice. The importance of abolishing child marriage has also been
64

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, adopted by General
Assembly in December 1984, entry into force in June 1987.
65
The Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade, and Institutions and Practices similar to
Slavery, adopted by Economic and Social Council in September 1956, entry into force in April 1957.
66
See chapter 2.1.
67
See chapter 2.1.
68
CAT, Art. 2.1.
69
CAT, Art. 4.
70
Ibid., Art. 1C.
71
UNFPA: ‘Child Marriage’, Available from: https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage (30.03.2020).
72
The Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade, and Institutions and Practices similar to
Slavery., Art. 2.
73
Ibid., Section 1.
74
CEDAW General Recommendation on article 16 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination
against Women, CEDAW/C/GC/29 (2013) para. 10.

12

recognized in Europe and hence, in European legislation. The most important articles in the ECHR
in the context of child marriage are Article 3 prohibiting torture75 and Article 12 which protects the
right to marry of all “men and women of marriageable age…according to national laws”76 which,
according to the multiple international instruments and recommendations should be set to the age of
18.77 Article 8 of the Convention protects the “right to respect for private and family life” and does
not explicitly prohibit child marriage, but for a marriage to fall within the scope of the Article, the
marriage must either be a legal marriage or must constitute a de facto relationship.78
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe has also expressed its concerns of child
marriage by noting that “the Parliamentary Assembly is deeply concerned about the serious and
recurrent violations of human rights and the rights of the child, which are constituted by forced
marriages and child marriages.”79 Even if the resolutions by the Assembly are not binding,80 they do
have a significant “moral and political impact.”81 The Assembly recommends States to ratify all the
important international instruments in the context of child marriage and urges States to “set a
minimum age of marriage for both women and men to 18” in their legislation.82 Later in 2018, in a
resolution concerning forced marriage, the Assembly recognized child marriage as a type of forced
marriage due to the fact that a child rarely can express her consent to marriage83 and urges State
Parties to criminalize all forms of forced marriage.84 As child marriage can often be likened to forced
marriage, the practice is also prohibited in the Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and
Combating Violence Against Women and Domestic Violence, the so-called ‘Istanbul Convention’,
which affords protection to all child victims of violence covered in the Convention85 and urges States
to take all necessary steps to criminalize forced marriage of both adults and children.86

75

The European Convention on Human Rights, entry into force in September 1953, Art. 3.
ECHR, Art. 12.
77
CRC/GC/2003/4 (2003) para. 5.
78
ECHR, Art. 8, European Court of Human Rights, ‘Guide on Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights,
Right to Respect for private and family life, home and correspondence’, Council of Europe, 2019, p. 56, para. 258, see
also chapter 3.4.
79
The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, ‘Forced marriages and child marriages’, Resolution 1468
(2005), para. 1.
80
Schwebel, Stephen M., ’The Effect of Resolutions of the U.N General Assembly on Customary International Law’,
Proceedings of the Annual Meeting (American Society of International Law) Vol. 73 (April 26-28, 1979), Cambridge
University Press, p. 301.
81
Ibid., p. 305.
82
Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 1468 (2005) para. 13-14.
83
Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 2233 (2018) para. 3.
84
Ibid., para. 7.5.
85
Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence Against Women and Domestic Violence,
‘Istanbul Convention’, Istanbul 2011, Art. 26.
86
Istanbul Convention, Art. 37.
76

13

All in all, child marriage should not be tolerated in any legal framework. It is prohibited in several
international and regional legal instruments and should be prohibited in all national legislation as
well. The prohibition of child marriage in general seems to be an undisputed issue in Europe because
in fact there are only a few States who have not regulated a minimum age for marriage in their
legislation.87 Nevertheless, only a few States within the EU have fixed an absolute minimum age for
marriage to the age of 18; many States have exceptions to this rule. Most EU States allow marriage
under the age of 18 with the consent of parents or/and public authorities88 as acknowledged in several
international instruments. The joint general comment of CEDAW Committee and CRC Committee
states:
A marriage of a mature, capable child below 18 years of age may be allowed in
exceptional circumstances, provided that the child is at least 16 years of age and that such
decisions are made by a judge based on legitimate exceptional grounds defined by law
and on the evidence of maturity, without defence to culture and tradition.89
Moreover, the UN Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration
of Marriages allows exceptions to the rule of minimum age of 18 “where competent authority has
granted a dispensation as to age, for serious reasons, in the interests of the intending spouses.”90 So,
the exceptions should be based exclusively on the maturity of the child, not on defence of culture or
tradition and the marriage must be in the best interests of the spouses.91 The joint general comment
of the CEDAW Committee and the CRC Committee also suggests that marriages concluded under
the age of 16 are never allowed.
On the other hand, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe urges member States to set
18 years as the absolute minimum age for marriage and stresses out that persons under the age of 18
would thus not be able to get married lawfully.92 As for now, only Denmark, Germany, the

87

European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights: ‘Marriage with consent of a public authority and/or public figure’.
Available
from:
https://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2017/mapping-minimum-age-requirements/marriage-age
(12.11.2019).
88
Ibid.
89
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
90
Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages, Art. 2.
91
See chapter 4.6.
92
Assembly Resolution 1468 (2005), para, 14.2.1 and para. 12.

14

Netherlands, Sweden, Ireland and since 2019 also Finland have regulated an absolute minimum age
for marriage as recommended by the Parliamentary Assembly.93
Furthermore, during the ongoing migration situation in the EU, a new issue in the context of child
marriage has emerged; as an estimated 700 million young girls around the world are married before
the age of 1894 and many of the child marriages are concluded during humanitarian crises within
refugee camps, many girls migrating to Europe are married. While the prohibition of child marriage
under international law seems uncontested, the flow of migrants to Europe have brought up the issue
of the extent of State obligations with respect to the recognition of child marriages concluded outside
the EU.
2.3. Child Marriage in the Context of Migration
In 2015, EU encountered a significant increase in migration flows.95 The ongoing refugee-crises has
brought millions of asylum seekers and migrants across European borders and because of the endless
crises situations, the movement of persons around the world is not at least expected to decrease.96
Regardless of the so-called refugee-crises, most migrants are moving across State borders because of
the constantly globalizing world, not because of unsafe conditions in their home countries.97
However, unfortunately, many of them arrive from conflict zones and harsh conditions and are in an
urgent need of international protection.
The ongoing humanitarian crises and war in the Middle East has not only lead to an increase in the
migration flows, but it has also raised significantly the number of child marriages. It is generally
recognized that in conflict zones and within refugee camps, child marriages, as well as forced
marriages increases for multiple reasons.98 Since 2015, the practice has been common in the Middle
East99 and for example in Syria, child marriage rates of Syrian children have increased from 15
93

European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights: ‘Marriage with consent of a public authority and/or public figure’,
available
from:
https://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2017/mapping-minimum-age-requirements/marriage-age
(12.11.2019).
94
Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment on his
mission to Brazil, UNGA A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63.
95
European Parliament: ‘Asylum and Migration in the EU: facts and figures, July 2019. Available from:
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/headlines/society/20170629STO78630/asylum-and-migration-in-the-eu-factsand-figures (15.12.2019).
96
Chetail, Vincent, International Migration Law, Oxford University Press, 2019. p. 2.
97
Ibid., p. 3.
98
GREVIO, Turkey, 2018, para 239.
99
Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment on his
mission to Brazil, UNGA A/HRC/31/57, (2016) para. 64.

15

percent to 36 percent during war even if child marriage in the contemporary Arab region is not a
common practice.100
Child marriage during conflict is common for many reasons but most commonly, girl children get
married in conflict zones and refugee camps because of the need of protection against sexual
harassment and violence committed by unknown men and because of economic needs.101 As
elsewhere child marriage is usually carried out because of inequality, economic needs as well as
culture and tradition, during conflict families marry off their daughters because they tend to think that
if their girls get married at young age, their families are more protected and because marriage is seen
as an opportunity to escape poverty after conflict.102 Child marriage may also occur during conflict
for ensuring documents for migration and is thus seen as a possibility to escape conflict areas.103
Since 2015, millions of refugees have migrated to Europe, most of them from Syria. The Syrian child
brides cross into Europe in hope of a new life and a refugee status, but the European States have faced
difficulties in the determination of the legal status of the child bride; children travelling without their
parents would be entitled to an unaccompanied minor status and thus enjoy special protection, but
because they are married, they are not eligible for such status.104 The child brides could also seek
asylum or a residence permit for family reunification purposes in case their husband already has a
permanent residence in an EU State,105 but because the young brides are children, their marriage
should not be valid. Eventually, the non-recognition of a child marriage leads to several other
dilemmas concerning the enjoyment of other human rights, for example the child brides’ right to
family life. This dilemma has lead to the point where EU States have been forced to re-examine their
legislation in the context of child marriage.106 A lot of efforts have already been made for combatting
child marriage in States where the practice is common, but the European States have certainly not
been prepared to combat the problem within their State borders.
100

Aljazeera: ‘Married at 14: Syria’s Refugee Child Brides’, June 2018, available from:
https://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/talktojazeera/inthefield/2018/06/married-14-syria-refugee-child-brides180630102118158.html (15.11.2019) , See also El Arab (2018) p. 1.
101
El Arab (2018) pp. 5-6.
102
El Arab (2018) p. 1, Aljazeera: ‘Married at 14: Syria’s Refugee Child Brides’, June 2018, available from:
https://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/talktojazeera/inthefield/2018/06/married-14-syria-refugee-child-brides180630102118158.html (15.11.2019), UN Doc CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 23.
103
UN Doc CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 23.
104
The European Commission, ‘Approaches to Unaccompanied Minors Following Status Determination in the EU plus
Norway, Synthesis Report for the EMN Study, July 2018, pp. 5-6.
105
The European Commission, ‘Migration and Home Affairs: Family Reunification’, available from:
https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/legal-migration/family-reunification_en (30.03.2020).
106
Reuters: ’Child bride refugees spur Sweden to tighten marriage law’, October 2018, available from:
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sweden-childmarriage-law/child-bride-refugees-spur-sweden-to-tighten-marriagelaw-idUSKCN1MY01J (15.11.2019).

16

2.4. Applicability of the ECHR to Child Brides
When migrants from outside the EU arrive to an EU State, they may seek protection from the country
they arrive to and thus become asylum seekers.107 During their asylum-process, they, like all human
beings, are protected by international human rights law while all UN Member States have committed
themselves to “protecting the safety, dignity and human rights and fundamental freedoms of all
migrants, regardless of their migratory status, at all times.”108 Within EU borders, migrants are also
protected under the ECHR which obliges all State Parties to “secure to everyone within their
jurisdiction the rights and freedoms” in the Convention.109 The jurisdiction of the ECHR is primarily
territorial.110 However, during a family reunification application, the child bride is most likely yet
outside the boundaries of EU and the extraterritorial applicability of the ECHR must be assessed.
The ECtHR has recognized two circumstances in which jurisdiction of States may be extended
beyond State borders. Firstly, in Loizidou v. Turkey, the Court held that State Parties may be
responsible of “acts and omissions of their authorities which produce effects outside their own
territory”111 such as in situations where a State “exercises effective control of an area outside its
national territory”112 and secondly, in Al-Skeini and others v. the United Kingdom the ECHR held
that:
Whenever a State, through its agents, exercises control and authority over an individual,
and thus jurisdiction, the State is under an obligation under Article 1 to secure to that
individual the rights and freedoms under Section 1 of the Convention that are relevant to
the situation of that individual.113
The Court thus suggests that the ECHR can be applied abroad when “executive and judicial
functions” are applied by authorities beyond the States’ borders.114 In Kuric and others v. Slovenia
the Court found that the ECHR is applicable to legislative measures directly affecting persons living

107

European Parliament: ‘Asylum and Migration in the EU: facts and figures, July 2019, available from:
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/headlines/society/20170629STO78630/asylum-and-migration-in-the-eu-factsand-figures (15.12.2019).
108
Chetail (2019), pp. 68-70, orig. statement UNGA Res 71/1 (19 September 2016) para 5 and 41.
109
ECHR, Art. 1.
110
European Court of Human Rights, ‘Guide on Article 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights’, 2019, para.
2.
111
Loizidou v. Turkey, app. no. 15318/89 (ECtHR 23/03/1995) para. 52.
112
Loizidou, para. 52.
113
Al-Skeini and others v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 55721/07, (ECtHR 07/07/2011) para. 137.
114
ECHR: ‘Guide on Article 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights – Obligation to respect human rights –
Concepts of “jurisdiction” and imputability’, 2019, para. 34.

17

abroad115 whereas in Haydarie v. the Netherlands, where an Afghan mother living in the Netherlands
requested a “provisional residence visa” for family reunification purposes for her three children living
currently in Pakistan, the Court found that because of the ongoing asylum process and the family life
at stake, the three children in Pakistan should fall within the jurisdiction of Netherlands like their
mother does.116
In situations where a child bride requests asylum or a residence permit for family reunification
purposes while her husband already has a permanent residence in an EU State, the child bride most
likely is yet outside the boundaries of the EU. However, based on ECtHR case law, a family
reunification application would bring the child bride within the jurisdiction of the ECHR while there
is family life at stake and the receiving State exercises “executive and judicial functions” beyond its
State borders during the process.117 Therefore, when discussing the human rights of the child brides
in this study, the Convention that will be applied on the children will be the ECHR regardless of the
State where they reside at the time their family reunification application is lodged.
2.5. European Responses to the Issue of the Migrating Child Brides
The current situation of the migrating child brides has awakened EU States into discussions of
whether child marriages concluded abroad should be recognized within third-State borders or not.
There are currently thousands of child brides living in Europe118 and therefore, both EU policy
makers, as well as EU States have been forced to respond to the situation. This has led to an increase
in initiatives and new laws concerning child marriage in Europe.
Already in 2003, before the significant increase in the refugee flows to Europe, EU issued a Directive
on the Right to Family Reunification which establishes rules for determining the conditions under
which the right to family reunification shall be exercised in EU. During the past two decades, family
reunification has been one of the most common reasons for migration to Europe.119 As the right to
family reunification is an entry channel to an EU State for third-state nationals whose family members
115

Heijer (2012) p. 48.
Haydarie v. the Netherlands, decision as to the admissibility of app.no. 8876/04 (ECtHR 20/10/2005), Council of
Europe: European Court of Human Rights, 20 October 2005.
117
ECHR: ‘Guide on Article 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights – Obligation to respect human rights –
Concepts of “jurisdiction” and imputability’, 2019, para. 34.
118
Plan International: ‘Child marriages creeping into Europe’, available from: https://www.plan.ie/stories/child-marriageeurope/ (17.11.2019).
119
European Commission, Migration and Home Affairs, ‘Family reunification’, available from:
https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/legal-migration/family-reunification_en (17.11.2019).
116

18

are already legally residing within the EU,120 the right can be misused as an access to Europe. Family
reunification may therefore be a motive for concluding child marriages abroad within conflict zones
or during the journey to Europe. The Family Reunification Directive is supposed to hamper the
misuse of the right121 by authorizing EU Member States to fix a minimum age for marriage accepted
for family reunification.122 Most Member States have taken advantage of the power granted to them
in the Directive by regulating minimum age limits for family reunification and five States have fixed
the age limit to the highest possible the Directive offers, 21 years.123
In addition to the restrictions to the right to family reunification imposed by most EU Member States,
some States have during the recent years began to ban the recognition of child marriages concluded
abroad entirely within their State borders. Already in 2005, the Parliamentary Assembly of the
Council of Europe recommended that child marriages concluded abroad should not be recognized
within its Member States “except where recognition would be in the victims’ best interest.”124
Netherlands was the first EU State banning child marriage completely in 2015, when they adopted a
new legislation for the prevention of forced marriage and child marriage; the Forced Marriage
Prevention Act. The Act not only set an absolute minimum age of marriage in Netherlands to the age
of 18, but it also put an entire ban on the recognition of child marriages concluded abroad. According
to the Act, no marriage concluded abroad at the time either of the spouses was a minor will be
recognized in Netherlands until both partners have reached the age of 18.125
In 2017, new laws for combatting child marriage went into effect both in Germany and in Denmark.126
Both of the laws set an absolute minimum age for marriage to 18 and in Germany, it also nullifies all
marriages that were concluded before either of the spouses had reached the age of 16 and gives
domestic courts the power to annul marriages where either of the partners was under the age of 18 at
the time the marriage was concluded.127 In Denmark, marriages concluded abroad before the age of
120

The Directive on the Right to Family Reunification, Council Directive 2003/86/EC of 22 September 2003, Art. 2d.
European Commission, Migration and Home Affairs, ‘Family reunification’, available from:
https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/legal-migration/family-reunification_en (17.11.2019).
122
The Directive on the Right to Family Reunification, Art. 4.5.
123
Commission for the European Communities, Report from the Commission to the European Parliament and the Council,
On the Application of Directive 2003/86/EC on the right to family reunification, Brussels, October 2008, p. 5.
124
Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 1468 (2005) para. 14.2.4.
125
Government
of
the
Netherlands:
‘Tackling
Forced
Marriage’,
available
from:
https://www.government.nl/topics/forced-marriage/tackling-forced-marriage (21.11.2019).
126
Girls Not Brides: ‘Germany’, available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/child-marriage/germany/ (21.11.2019),
The
Local:
‘Denmark
bans
marriage
for
under.18s’,
January
2017,
available
from:
https://www.thelocal.dk/20170119/denmark-bans-marriage-for-under-18s (21.11.2019).
127
DW: ‘German cabinet proposes national ban on child marriages’, available from: https://www.dw.com/en/germancabinet-proposes-national-ban-on-child-marriages/a-38306852 (21.11.2019), DW: ‘Child marriages in Germany present
121

19

18 will not be recognized except if the “married couple can provide a ‘compelling argument’ for their
marriage.”128 The aim of these laws is to combat child marriages concluded mainly abroad and the
protection of the victims of child marriage. In Germany, authorities are granted the power to take
minor, married girls into State custody and separate them from their older husbands if necessary.129
Later in 2019, a new law banning the recognition of all child marriages concluded abroad went into
effect in Sweden as well.130
In 2019, Finland changed the legislation in the context of child marriage by removing the possibility
of marriage under the age of 18 with the consent of public authorities and fixed an absolute minimum
age for marriage to 18.131 However, the initiative did not propose any changes to the current policy
of recognition of child marriages concluded abroad in Finland, but the issue was discussed during the
drafting process. A child marriage concluded abroad is in principle legal in Finland, but authorities
have been given a wide discretion in assessing the best interests of the child in each case individually.
According to the current legal framework in Finland, a marriage concluded abroad shall not be
recognized if it is against the Finnish public policy132 and therefore, child marriages concluded abroad
are rarely recognized in Finland. There was seen no need to amend the legislation in the context of
the recognition of marriages concluded abroad because the current national legal framework in
Finland allows the possibility that all marriages concluded abroad will in future also be evaluated on
a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration the best interests of the child.133 While the current
Finnish legislation does no longer allow exceptions to the marriageable age of 18, underage marriages
concluded abroad are even more often against the Finnish public policy and therefore, the practice in
Finland with regard foreign child marriages appears similar to the practices in States that have banned
entirely the recognition of such marriages in their legislation.134 Nevertheless, after the new law was
put into effect, the Finnish minister of justice of the time, Antti Häkkänen, expressed his concerns of
child marriages concluded abroad and proclaimed that the next step will be the assessment of the
recognition of marriages concluded abroad as minors. According to Häkkänen, a complete ban on

a challenge for authorities’, available from: https://www.dw.com/en/child-marriages-in-germany-present-a-challengefor-authorities/a-50540043 (21.11.2019).
128
The
Local:
‘Denmark
bans
marriage
for
under.18s’,
January
2017,
available
from:
https://www.thelocal.dk/20170119/denmark-bans-marriage-for-under-18s (21.11.2019).
129
Girls Not Brides: ‘Germany’, available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/child-marriage/germany/ (21.11.2019).
130
Sweden: Parliament limits Recognition of Child Marriages, available from: https://www.loc.gov/law/foreignnews/article/sweden-parliament-limits-recognition-of-child-marriages/ (21.11.2019), Hallituksen Esitys HE 211/2018
vp.
131
Hallituksen Esitys HE 211/2018 vp.
132
See chapter 4.5.
133
Hallituksen Esitys HE 211/2018 vp.
134
Ibid.

20

child marriages would give an international signal that Finland does not approve child marriage and
would as well promote the rights of women.135
The recognition, or the non-recognition of child marriages concluded abroad is a debated issue in
Europe. The restricting of the right to family reunification has been seen by the European Parliament
as a violation of the right to respect for family life and of the prohibition of discrimination and the
European Court of Justice has therefore held that the restrictions must be applied in a manner
consistent with the fundamental rights and freedoms protected in the ECHR.136 All States that have
completely banned child marriage within their State borders have ended up as subjects of a heated
debate on the non-recognition of child marriage concluded abroad and the legal dilemmas arising
from the ban. The non-recognition of child marriages will be balanced later in this paper with the
conflicting norms, but first it is appropriate to analyse the international instruments addressing the
extent of obligations EU States have regarding the recognition of foreign child marriages.
2.6. Is there an Obligation of Non-Recognition in International Instruments?
As discussed, a few EU States have imposed a total ban on the recognition of child marriages
concluded abroad and thus ended up as subjects of debate on whether they are conforming their
international obligations or not and whether a total ban on child marriage is compatible with other
human rights norms. The non-recognition of foreign child marriages is not very much addressed in
international instruments, but a few exceptions exist.
CEDAW, one of the most important instruments in the context of child marriage not only obliges
States to set a minimum age for marriage in their legislation, but its Article 16 also states that
“marriage of a child shall have no legal effect”137 which could be understood as an obligation of nonrecognition of child marriages, namely marriages concluded “below the age of eighteen years.”138
Even if the prohibition seems very strict and straightforward, the CEDAW Committee has not issued
any general comments or interpretations on the matter. However, CEDAW has proclaimed that
reservations on Article 16 are not compatible with the principles set forth in the Convention and the
135

Turun Sanomat: ’Lapsiavioliitot kielletään Suomessa – Oikeusministeri: ”Lapsien tulee saada olla lapsia täysiikäisyyteen
asti”,
February
2019,
available
from:
https://www.ts.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/4487764/Lapsiavioliitot+kielletaan+Suomessa+Oikeusministeri+Lapsien+tulee+saada
+olla+lapsia+taysiikaisyyteen+asti (21.11.2019).
136
Commission for the European Communities, Report from the Commission to the European Parliament and the Council,
On the Application of Directive 2003/86/EC on the right to family reunification, Brussels, October 2008, p. 3.
137
CEDAW, Art. 16.2.
138
CRC, Art. 1.

21

Article should therefore be binding on all Member States.139 Even if the wording of the Article is very
absolute and does not give any possibilities for exceptions, the joint general comment of CEDAW
and CRC mitigates the impact of the absolute wording of Article 16 by providing exceptions to the
marriageable age of 18.140 So even if there seems to be an absolute obligation of non-recognition of
child marriages in the CEDAW, the Convention allows exceptions to marriageable age and should
therefore not be understood in its actual wording. However, exceptions should be based exclusively
on the maturity of the child, not on defence of culture or tradition.
Whereas the CEDAW expressly prohibits child marriages and apart from exceptional situations
obliges State Parties not to give any legal effect to such marriages, the Istanbul Convention addresses
the issue of forced marriage by stating in Article 32 that “parties shall take the necessary legislative
or other measures to ensure that marriages concluded under force may be voidable, annulled or
dissolved without undue financial or administrative burden placed on the victim”141 and by imposing
an obligation on State parties to “take the necessary legislative or other measures to ensure that the
intentional conduct of forcing an adult or a child to enter into a marriage is criminalised.”142 While
child marriage is recognized as a form of forced marriage, these particular articles should prevail in
situations where a child is forcibly married off to her husband. With respect to Article 32, the
explanatory report of the Convention defines an “annulled” marriage as a marriage that is “deprived
of its legal consequences, whether challenged by a party or not”143 and thus suggests that a forced
marriage can be left unrecognized even if the child bride did not request for non-recognition.
However, the report also indicates that the annulment of a forced marriage “should not affect the
rights of the victim of forced marriage”144 and thus indicates that all forced marriages should be
considered individually taking into consideration the other rights of the victim as well.145
Nevertheless, Article 37 obliges State parties to criminalise forced marriage but does not speak out
on the matter of forced marriages already concluded abroad and the recognition of such marriages.146

139

UN Women: ‘Convention on the Elimination on All Forms of Discrimination Against Women’, reservations to
CEDAW, available from: https://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/reservations.htm (28.03.2020).
140
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20, see also chapter 2.2.
141
Istanbul Convention, Art. 32.
142
Ibid., Art. 37.
143
Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and
domestic violence, Council of Europe Treaty Series, Istanbul, 11.V.2011, para. 177.
144
Ibid., para. 178.
145
See chapter 4.6.
146
Istanbul Convention, Art. 37.

22

All in all, there are two international instruments imposing obligations on State Parties on the nonrecognition of child marriages to some extent. However, after reading the interpretations of the strict
and absolute articles in question, they all allow exceptions to situations and therefore, it cannot be
argued that according to these two Conventions, an absolute obligation of non-recognition exists.
Furthermore, the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe Resolution from 2005 is very
strict and clear regarding child marriages. In addition to urging States to set an absolute minimum
age for marriage,147 it also urges States to:
Refrain from recognizing forced marriages and child marriages contracted abroad except
where recognition would be in the victims’ best interests with regard to the effects of the
marriage, particularly for the purpose of securing rights which they could not claim
otherwise.148
Later in 2018, in its “forced marriage” Resolution, the Assembly urged States to:
Refrain from recognizing forced marriages contracted abroad but, where it would be in
the victim’s best interests, recognize the effects of the marriage insofar as this would
enable the victim to secure rights which they could not otherwise claim.149
In addition to the fact that the resolutions of the Assembly are not binding, they too mitigate the
absoluteness of the prohibitions by pleading on the best interests of the child.150 After all, all the
international instruments cited above give States a discretion to assess each situation on a case-bycase basis without an absolute obligation of non-recognition. However, even if the obligation of nonrecognition is not expressly stated in international instruments, it does not necessarily mean that such
an obligation could not exist. The international community is after all bound to respect the
fundamental human rights of all individuals and besides respecting the rights, they may as well have
a positive obligation to protect individuals against human rights violations conducted by private
actors.151 The issue of foreign child marriages give rise to several legal dilemmas and no matter how

147

Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 1468 (2005) para. 14.2.1.
Ibid., para. 14.2.4.
149
Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 2233 (2018) para. 7.9.
150
See chapter 4.6.
151
Lane, Lottie, ’The Horizontal Effect of International Human Rights Law in Practice: A Comparative Analysis of the
General Comments and the Jurisprudence of Selected United Nations Human Rights Treaty Monitoring Bodies’ European
Journal of Comparative Law and Governance 5 (2018) 5-88. pp. 6-7, see also chapter 3.
148

23

States decide to act with respect to such marriage, the human rights of the child bride may be violated.
This thesis has now provided a brief overview on the legal framework prohibiting or condemning
child marriages and on the extent of obligations States have with respect to foreign child marriages.
The focus will now be put on the legal dilemmas arising from the foreign child marriage itself and its
non-recognition.
3. Child-Brides in Europe and the Conflicting Norms
3.1. Child Marriage and Peremptory Norms of International Law
One interesting aspect in the context of child marriage is its contrasting with peremptory norms of
international law. Peremptory norms, or the so-called jus cogens norms are general rules of
international law that are “mandatory and imperative in all circumstances”152 and should therefore
prevail over all other norms. The 1969 Vienna Convention defines peremptory norms as norms
“accepted and recognized by the international community of States as a whole as a norm from which
no derogation is permitted and which can be modified only by a subsequent norm of general
international law having the same character”153 and declares all treaties conflicting with such norms
void.154 They constitute obligations erga omnes on States,155 obligations States have “towards the
international community as a whole.”156 In Barcelona Traction case, the International Court of Justice
(ICJ) defined peremptory norms as a “concern of all States” and noted that all States have a “legal
interest in their protection.”157 Among the peremptory norms recognized by the International Law
Commission (ILC), the prohibition of torture and ill-treatment and the prohibition of slavery and
forced labour158 are the relevant prohibitions to be discussed in the context of child marriage as it has
been internationally recognized that child marriage may constitute either torture or slavery.159 In

152

Orakhelashvili, Alexander, ‘Peremptory Norms in International Law’, Oxford Monographs in International Law, 2006.
p. 8. Orig. the Special Rapporteur of the UN International Law Commission Fitzmaurice, Third Report on the Law of
Treaties, 2 YbILC 1958, p. 40.
153
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, signed at Vienna in May 1969, entry into force in January 1980, Art. 53.
154
Vienna Convention, Art. 64.
155
Prence, Mirgen, ‘Torture as Jus Cogens norm’, Acta Universitatis Danubius, Juridica, Vol. 7, No. 2 (2011) p. 88,
International Law Commission, ‘Peremptory norms of general international law’, A/73/10, Draft Conclusion 18.
156
Barcelona Traction Case (Belgium v. Spain), International Court of Justice, Second Phase, February 1970, para. 33.
157
Ibid.
158
International Law Commission, fifty-third session, Draft Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally
Wrongful Acts, with commentaries, 2001, on Article 26, para. 5.
159
Concluding Observations of the Committee against Torture – Sierra Leone, U.N. Doc. CAT/C/SLE/CO/1, 16, 20 June
2014; Concluding Observations of the Committee against Torture – Yemen, U.N. Doc. CAT/C/YEM/CO/2/Rev.1, 31, 25
May 2010, UN Doc. A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63., the Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the
Slave Trade, and Institutions and Practices similar to Slavery, Section 1.

24

addition to being internationally recognized peremptory norms, the prohibitions of torture and slavery
are also listed as non-derogable rights in the ECHR.160
As torture and slavery are recognized as peremptory norms of international law, they both may be
applicable to the ILC Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts (ILC
Articles), the instrument providing general rules for international responsibility of States. The ILC
Articles applies only for “serious breaches” of peremptory norms and Article 40 lays down
consequences for such breaches.161 For a breach of international law to fall within the scope of a
“serious breach”, two conditions must be met. Firstly, the breach involved must concern an
internationally recognized peremptory norm and secondly, it must attain a certain level of
seriousness.162 For a breach to be serious enough to fall within the scope the ILC Articles, it must
involve “a gross or systematic failure by the responsible State to fulfill…an obligation arising under
a peremptory norm of general international law.”163 Moreover, for a breach to fall within the meaning
of a “gross or systematic failure”, the breach shall be “carried out in an organized and deliberate way”
with a level of intensity.164
So, for a child marriage to fall within the scope of the ILC Articles, it must meet the two conditions
of a “serious breach.” As it already has been argued, child marriage may constitute torture and illtreatment or slavery, both peremptory norms of international law.165 Whether “the intensity of the
breach” in child marriages is serious enough for fulfilling the conditions of a “serious breach” is
disputable while the Article does not present any procedures on how the seriousness of a breach is
assessed.166 However, the International Law Commission suggests that when assessing whether a
breach falls within the scope of Article 40, factors that should be considered are: “the intent to violate
the norm; the scope and number of individual violations; and the gravity of their consequences for
the victims.”167 While child marriages are prohibited in multiple international instruments and are
160

ECHR, Art. 3,4,15.
Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, annex to General Assembly resolution 56/83 of 12
December 2001, and corrected by document A/56/49(Vol. I)/Corr.4, part 2 chapter 3.
162
Draft articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, with commentaries, (A/56/10) 2001, on
chapter 3, para 1.
163
ILC Articles, Art. 40.2.
164
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its fifty-third session, 23 April – 1 June and 2 July – 10
August 2001, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-sixth session, Supplement No. 10, Extract from the
Yearbook of the International Law Commission, 2001, vol. 2, Commentary on Art. 40(7) p. 113.
165
Report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, ’Preventing and eliminating child,
early and forced marriage’, Human Rights Council, Twenty-sixth session, Agenda items 2 and 3, A/HRC/26/22, April
2014, para. 24, UNGA A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 58.
166
Report of the International Law Commission (2001) Commentary on Art. 40(1), pp. 112-113.
167
Ibid., p. 113.
161

25

condemned by several UN bodies, it can be argued that States that allow underage marriages in their
legislation168 do not violate human rights law unwittingly. The same assumption could apply to the
recognition of child marriages; child marriage is a fundamental human rights violation and the
recognition of a foreign child marriage could suggest that the recognizing State intently tolerates
human rights violations within its State borders. When it comes to the scope and number of the
violations, as well as on the consequences to the victims, it can be argued that as child marriage
affects hundreds of millions of girls and leads to severe consequences on the victims, child marriage
could be categorized as a “serious breach” of a peremptory norm and thus fall within the scope of the
ILC Articles.
If a child marriage falls within the scope of the ILC Articles, Article 41 is applied on the marriage.
According to Article 41, “no State shall recognize as lawful a situation created by a serious
breach…nor render aid or assistance in maintaining that situation.”169 In situations where child
marriage as a breach of a peremptory norm attains the level of seriousness and therefore falls within
the scope of the ILC Articles, it can be argued that States have an obligation not to recognize such
child marriage even if it was concluded abroad.
However, it must be kept in mind that not all child marriages constitute slavery or torture and even if
they do, they necessarily do not fall within the scope of the ILC Articles. A marriage concluded with
consent of a 17-year-old child bride and a marriage concluded during a humanitarian crises between
a 14-year-old girl and an older husband certainly fall in different categories and only the latter could
potentially fall within the protection of the ILC Articles. Therefore, it cannot be argued that all
situations of child marriages concluded abroad would fall within the scope of protection of serious
breaches of peremptory norms of international law and should thus not be recognized by States. Each
marriage should be considered on a case-by-case basis keeping in mind the intensity of the possible
breach.
3.2. Recognition of a Child Marriage and the Prohibition of Torture
Only the most serious breaches of peremptory norms of international law fall within the scope of the
ILC Articles. However, this does not mean that the less serious breaches would somehow be justified;
States may nevertheless be liable for breaches of peremptory norms of international law if not
168

A marriage that is concluded under the age of 18, or 16 in exceptional situations. See ‘Joint General Comment No 31
of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
169
ILC Articles, Art. 41.2.

26

appropriately preventing such violations, even if the breach would not fulfil the requirements of a
“serious breach” discussed in the previous chapter.170
This thesis has argued that a child marriage may lead to violations of the prohibition of slavery as
well as the prohibition of torture, both peremptory norms of international law. However, the focus
will now be put on the latter. Article 3 of the ECHR in all its simplicity reads as follows: “No one
shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.”171 The Article
does not provide any definitions to torture, nor inhuman or degrading punishment, but it becomes
clear from the preparatory work of Article 3 that the Article was left intentionally broad. The simple
and absolute Article is meant to “announce to the whole world that torture is wholly evil and
absolutely to be condemned and no cause whatever…can justify its use or existence.”172 It simply
states that “all torture is prohibited”, leaving no room for interpretation of whether some forms of
torture could be legitimate. The preparatory work of the Article includes an exhaustive sentence
describing the simple Article saying: “When this is stated in a legal document and in a diplomatic
Convention, everything has been said. It is dangerous to want to say more, since the effect of the
Convention is thereby limited”173 and thus suggests that the Article is drafted to cover multiple forms
of torture, inhumane and degrading treatment.174
The definitions to torture, inhuman and degrading treatment have evolved through time in European
judicial bodies.175 The ECtHR has taken advantage of the broad wording and applied the Article to
several different situations but in M.S.S v. Belgium and Greece, the ECtHR concluded the
requirements for an act to fall within the scope of Article 3 and held that:
To fall within the scope of Article 3 the ill-treatment must attain a minimum level of
severity. The assessment of this minimum is relative; it depends on all the circumstances
of the case, such as the duration of the treatment and its physical and mental effects and,
in some instances, the sex, age and state of health of the victim…Court considers
treatment to be “inhuman” when it was premeditated, was applied for hours at a stretch

170

Report of the International Law Commission (2001) Commentary on Art. 40(7), p. 113.
ECHR Art. 3.
172
European Commission of Human Rights, Preparatory Work on Article 3 of the European Convention of Human Rights,
by the Secretariat of the Commission, Strasbourg 1956 prep. work p. 5.
173
prep. work on Art. 3 of the ECHR, p. 8.
174
Long, Debra, ’Guide to Jurisprudence on Torture and Ill-Treatment’, Article 3 of the European Convention for the
Protection of Human Rights, Geneva, June 2002. p. 9.
175
Ibid., p. 9.
171

27

and caused either actual bodily injury or intense physical or mental suffering…and
degrading when it humiliates or debases an individual, showing a lack of respect for, or
diminishing, his or her human dignity, or arouses feelings of fear, anguish or inferiority
capable of breaking an individual’s moral or physical resistance...It may suffice that the
victim is humiliated in his or her own eyes, even if not in the eyes of others.176
International human rights law has traditionally imposed only negative obligations on States, that is
to say, individuals have been protected against violations conducted by States. However, the
obligations of States have developed during recent decades and it is today widely accepted that human
rights law may as well give rise to positive obligations on States and the States are not only obliged
to refrain from violating the rights, they must as well take all appropriate steps for protecting
individuals against human rights violations conducted by third-parties, including violations of the
prohibition of torture.177 The CAT Committee has held that:
Where State authorities or others acting in official capacity or under colour of law, know
or have reasonable grounds to believe that acts of torture or ill-treatment are being
committed by non-State officials or private actors and they fail to exercise due diligence
to prevent, investigate, prosecute and punish such non-State officials or private actors
consistently with the Convention, the State bears responsibility.178
The principle of due diligence the CAT Committee refers to is a guiding principle of
international law179 that is relevant in the context of States’ positive obligations towards human
rights law.180 According to the principle, States must “exercise due diligence”181 in addressing
human rights violations committed by third-parties, that is to say, they must take all necessary
steps in preventing and investigating such violations and in prosecuting and punishing the
perpetrators and if they fail to do so, they may be held responsible for the violations.182 The

176

M.S.S v. Belgium and Greece, app. no. 30696/09 (ECtHR 21/01/2011), para. 219-220.
Lane, Lottie, ’The Horizontal Effect of International Human Rights Law in Practice: A Comparative Analysis of the
General Comments and the Jurisprudence of Selected United Nations Human Rights Treaty Monitoring Bodies’ European
Journal of Comparative Law and Governance 5 (2018) 5-88. pp. 6-7.
178
Committee Against Torture: ‘Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment’, General Comment No. 2, January 2008, UN Doc. CAT/C/GC/2, para. 18.
179
Bonnitcha Jonathan, McCorquodale Robert, The Concept of ’Due Diligence’ in the UN Guiding Principles on Business
and Human Rights, The European Journal of International Law Vol. 28 no. 3, Oxford University Press, 2017, p. 900.
180
Bonnitcha and McCorquodale (2017) p. 916.
181
Committee Against Torture: ‘Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment’, General Comment No. 2, January 2008, UN Doc. CAT/C/GC/2, para. 18.
182
Bonnitcha and McCorquodale (2017) pp. 899-900.
177

28

principle has also been addressed by the CEDAW Committee in A.T v. Hungary where it held
that “States may be responsible for private acts if they fail to act with due diligence to prevent
violations of rights or to investigate and punish acts of violence, and for providing
compensation”183 and in Fatima Yilidrim v. Austria, where it held that a State may be held
responsible for human rights violations committed by third-parties if the authorities “knew or
should have known” of the violation in question.184 In Osman v. UK, the ECtHR held that there
must be a “known risk of real, direct and immediate threat” for a positive obligation to be
implied on a State185 and in A v. the United Kingdom, the ECHR applied the principle of due
diligence to Article 3 of the ECHR and held:
The obligation on the High Contracting Parties under Article 1 of the Convention to
secure to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights and freedoms defined in the
Convention, taken together with Article 3, requires States to take measures designed to
ensure that individuals within their jurisdiction are not subjected to torture or inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment, including such ill-treatment administered by private
individuals.186
The Court continued by noting that “children and other vulnerable individuals, in particular, are
entitled to State protection, in the form of effective deterrence, against such serious breaches of
personal integrity.”187 As the ECtHR, the CAT Committee has also referred to the special need of
protection of vulnerable groups of individuals and listed asylum-seekers and refugees as vulnerable
groups of individuals in need of special protection.188 While discussing the vulnerable groups and
their protection, the CAT Committee noted that:
State parties should, therefore, ensure the protection of members of groups especially at
risk of being tortured, by fully prosecuting and punishing all acts of violence and abuse

183

A.T v. Hungary, views of CEDAW Committee under Article 7, paragraph 3, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention
on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Communication no. 2/2003 para. 9.2.
184
Fatma Yildirim v. Austria, views of CEDAW Committee under Article 7, paragraph 3, of the Optional Protocol to the
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Communication no. 6/2005, para. 12.1.4.
185
Osman v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 87/1997/871/1083 (ECtHR 28/10/1998) para. 107.
186
A v. The United Kingdom, app. no. 35373/97 (ECtHR 17/12/2002) para. 22.
187
Ibid.
188
A v. The United Kingdom (2002) para. 21.

29

against these individuals and ensuring implementation of other positive measures of
prevention and protection.189
Both the case law of the ECtHR, as well as the commentary of the CAT Committee refer that
migrating child brides, as children, refugees and asylum-seekers, are a particularly vulnerable group
and thus in need of special protection against torture and ill-treatment. The CAT Committee has also
referred to the principle of due diligence in the context of gender-based violence by noting that the
principle has been applied “to States parties’ failure to prevent and protect victims from gender-based
violence, such as rape, domestic violence, female genital mutilation, and trafficking.”190 As child
marriage is a form of gender-based violence,191 it can be argued that while States have an obligation
to exercise due diligence in preventing gender-based violence, they must take all appropriate
measures in preventing child marriage as well. In Opuz v. Turkey, Turkey had failed to protect victims
of domestic violence against women by not taking all necessary measures to prevent the violence
from happening even if there was a “real and imminent risk of assault they knew or ought to have
know about.”192 Because of Turkey’s “inaction” and “ineffectiveness”, they had failed to protect the
applicant “against serious breaches of the applicant’s personal integrity by her husband”193 and was
therefore held liable for violating Article 3 of the ECHR.194
All in all, the principle of due diligence is important in the context of child marriages as child marriage
is a human rights violation conducted by private actors and a violation of which State parties know
about at the time the child bride seeks asylum or a residence permit. Child marriage causes “real,
direct and immediate threats”195 of both physical and psychological violence196 and would thus fall
within the scope of the obligation to exercise due diligence in protecting the child against torture and
ill-treatment. According to the principle, States are obliged to diligently prevent child marriages from
occurring, investigate such marriages and to prosecute and punish perpetrators. The Group of Experts
on Action against Violence against Women and Domestic Violence (GREVIO) that monitors the
implementation of the Istanbul Convention held in their report from 2018 that while Turkey has not

189

Committee Against Torture: ‘Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment’, General Comment No. 2, January 2008, UN Doc. CAT/C/GC/2, para. 21.
190
Ibid., para. 18.
191
Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, UNGA
A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 58.
192
Opuz v. Turkey, app. no. 33401/02 (ECtHR 09/06/2009) para. 129.
193
Ibid., para. 173, 174, 176.
194
Ibid., para. 129.
195
Osman v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 87/1997/871/1083 (ECtHR 28/10/1998) para. 107.
196
UNGA A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63.

30

criminalized forced marriages, they have failed to act diligently in preventing such marriages from
occurring.197 Therefore, it can be argued that all States should properly criminalize child marriages
that may expose the children to torture and ill-treatment and refuse to recognize such marriages and
if a State fails to do so, that State could be held liable for violating Article 3 of the ECHR.
Even if the recognition of a child marriage may violate Article 3 of the ECHR if the child is exposed
to torture or ill-treatment in the marriage, it must again be kept in mind that not all child marriages
lead to torture or ill-treatment; only the ones which, in the words of Juan Mendez, “inflict long-term
physical and psychological harm on victims.”198 The principle of due diligence obliges States to
appropriately protect the girls against violations of Article 3, but can a total ban on the recognition of
child marriages concluded abroad protect child brides from torture and ill-treatment deriving from
such marriages? The non-recognition of a child marriage arguably protects the child from violations
of Article 3 caused by the marriage if the child is exposed to such treatment in the marriage. However,
while not all child marriages expose the child brides to torture or ill-treatment, is a total ban on the
non-recognition of child marriages concluded abroad a reasonable mean for protecting children from
violations of Article 3? Does non-recognition of child marriages deter such marriages or rather
prevent them from landing within the borders of the non-recognizing State? These questions will
further be discussed in Chapter 4 but at this point, it can be concluded that some child marriages may
constitute torture and ill-treatment and if so, States are under an obligation to protect the child bride
from such treatment. If they fail to do so, they may be held liable for violations under Article 3.
However, how does the non-recognition of a foreign child marriage affect the protection under Article
3 of the ECHR?
3.3. Non-Recognition of a Child Marriage and the Prohibition of Torture
The recognition of a child marriage may expose the child directly to torture and ill-treatment if the
child is left to the harmful union. However, child brides who apply asylum or a permanent residence
for family reunification purposes are most likely outside EU in their States of origin where they often
live in the middle of war, humanitarian crises or may otherwise be exposed to human rights violations,
some even to torture or ill-treatment. The non-recognition of a child marriage where the husband
already has a permanent residence within EU would mean that the family reunification application is
denied and that the child bride is left to her State of origin, at least while a possible asylum on
197
198

GREVIO, Turkey (2018) para. 240.
UNGA A/HRC/31/57 (2016) para. 63.

31

individual grounds is accepted. Because of the positive obligation of States to secure human rights of
everyone within their jurisdiction and because an asylum-, or a permanent residence application
would bring the child bride under the jurisdiction of the ECHR, it is appropriate to analyse whether
the non-recognition of a child marriage leading to a denied family reunification or asylum application
could lead to violations of Article 3 of the ECHR.
ECtHR does not delimit any forms of treatment from the scope of Article 3 as long as a minimum
level of severity is attained and suggests that all situations should be considered on a case-by-case
basis taking into consideration all facts of the case.199 The Court also indicates that a pure humiliating
treatment could fall within the scope of the Article. In M.S.S case, the ECtHR applied Article 3 on
poor living conditions of an asylum seeker and held that:
Article 3 of the Convention requires the State to ensure that detention conditions are
compatible with respect for human dignity, that the manner and method of the execution
of the measure do not subject the detainees to distress or hardship of an intensity
exceeding the unavoidable level of suffering inherent in detention and that, given the
practical demands of imprisonment, their health and well-being are adequately secured.200
In M.S.S case, ECtHR found a violation of Article 3 while the States had not properly ensured the
well-being of the asylum seeker and because the living conditions caused the applicant mental
suffering and arose “feelings of humiliation and debasement.”201 It also gave weight to the fact that
the applicant, as an asylum seeker, was in a particularly vulnerable situation and was thus “in need
of special protection.”202 In Tarakhel v. Switzerland, the Court gave even more weight on the
vulnerability of the applicant while he was not only an asylum seeker, but also a child203 and found
that “extreme material poverty can raise an issue under Article 3.”204 In V.M. and others v. Belgium,
which also concerned living conditions incompatible with Article 3, in addition to giving particular
importance on the fact that the applicants where asylum seekers, the Court held that the applicants
were “victims of treatment which failed to respect their dignity” and that the poor living-conditions
on the streets aroused in them “feelings of fear, anguish or inferiority capable of inducing

199

See chapter 3.2.
M.S.S v. Belgium and Greece, app. no. 30696/09 (ECtHR 21/01/2011), para. 221.
201
Ibid., para. 219-220.
202
Ibid., para. 251.
203
Tarakhel v. Switzerland, app. no. 29217/12 (ECtHR 04/11/2014) para. 99.
204
Tarakhel v. Switzerland (2014) para. 252.
200

32

desperation” and as degrading treatment fell within the scope of Article 3 of ECHR.205 In Z and
Others v. The United Kingdom, the Court held that authorities had breached their positive obligation
to protect children from ill-treatment by their parents by not taking appropriate measures to end the
ill-treatment206 and found that States “should provide effective protection, in particular, of children
and other vulnerable persons and include reasonable steps to prevent ill-treatment of which the
authorities had or ought to have had knowledge.”207
The particularly vulnerable child brides, whose family reunification applications are denied because
of an annulled marriage may be left to conflict zones, or to poor and unsecure living conditions in
refugee camps. While they are during the asylum- or family reunification process under the
jurisdiction of the EU State concerned, it can be argued that the non-recognition of a child marriage
which leads to a denied application may as well lead to a breach of Article 3 of the ECHR if the
applicant will thus be left in poor living conditions causing fear and desperation, failing to respect the
human dignity of the child bride. Because of the positive obligation of State Parties to protect
individuals against violations of Article 3, it can be argued that States may be held responsible for
the ill-treatment the child brides are exposed to if they are left to their countries of origin because of
a denied family reunification application and if the State has failed to inform the child bride about the
possibility to apply for asylum on individual grounds. States are obliged to exercise due diligence in
addressing possible human rights violations within their jurisdiction and are thus obliged to take all
necessary steps to protect the child brides from ill-treatment in their States during an asylum-, or a
permanent residence application process.
At this point of this thesis, it seems clear that while a denial of a family reunification application on
grounds of a non-recognized marriage may lead to a breach of the prohibition of torture and illtreatment, all situations concerning a foreign child marriage should be considered on a case-by-case
basis and therefore, it can be argued that a total ban on the recognition of child marriages concluded
abroad is not compatible with States’ obligations under international human rights law.

205

V.M. and others v. Belgium, app. no. 60125/11 (ECtHR 07/07/2015) para 162.
Z and Others v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 29392/95 (ECtHR 10/05/2001) para. 70.
207
Ibid., para 73.
206

33

3.4. Right to Respect for Private and Family Life
The right to respect for private and family life is protected in Article 8 of the ECHR which reads as
follows: “Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home and
correspondence”208 and thus protects individuals against arbitrary interference by public officials in
their “family life”, “private life”, “home” or “correspondence.”209 In situations where a marriage is
not recognized, it can be argued that the non-recognition of the marriage interferes with the couples’
right to family life; the married couple is deprived their right to be a wife and a husband.
For falling within the protection of Article 8, the protected right must amount to “family life” and for
assessing whether such life exists, the term “family” must be given a definition. The definition of a
“family” has evolved in the ECtHR through time and there is no straightforward answer to what
constitutes as “family life”; it is decided in the Court on a case-by-case basis.

210

The Court has held

that a ”lawful and genuine marriage…has to be regarded as ”family life””211 but while child marriages
are necessarily not regarded as “lawful and genuine” marriages in Europe even if they had been
concluded abroad,212 marriages regarded as child marriages may not fall within the protection of
Article 8 purely because of the existing union. However, a marriage is not always required when
assessing whether “family life” exists; the Court must also take into consideration the existence of
“close personal ties.” A child born to a marriage is automatically part of family life but when it comes
to couples, the Court has held that in addition to a legal and valid marriage, family life may as well
be based on “de facto relationships.”213
So, in addition to a lawful and genuine marriage, the Court should also consider several other factors
in the relationship.214 Factors, which ECtHR has taken into consideration when it has assessed
whether a relationship between a couple amounts to a de facto relationship are “whether the couple
live together, the length of their relationship and whether they have demonstrated their commitment
to each other by having children together or by any other means.”215 The ECtHR has also taken into

208

ECHR Art. 8.1.
Ibid.
210
Roagna, Ivana, ‘Protecting the right to respect for private and family life under the European Convention on Human
Rights’, Council of Europe human rights handbooks, Strasbourg, 2012, pp. 27-28.
211
Berrehab v. The Netherlands, app. no 10730/84 (ECtHR 21/06/1988) para. 21.
212
Abdulaziz, Cabales and Balkandali v. The United Kingdom, app. no. 9214/80; 9473/81; 9474/81 (ECtHR 28/05/1985),
para. 63.
213
Al-Nashif v. Bulgaria, app. no. 50963/99 (ECtHR 20/06/2002), para. 112.
214
Ibid.
215
X, Y and Z v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 75/1995/581/1997 (ECtHR 22/04/667) para. 36.
209

34

consideration whether alleged family members have been “dependent members” of a family.216 Even
if the Court has held that Article 8 does not impose an obligation to recognize purely religious
marriages217 or marriages concluded by a child per se,218 it has found family life from a religious
marriage as well. In Serife Yigit v. Turkey, a case concerning a religious marriage, the Court held that
family life should not be “confined solely to marriage-based relationships and may encompass other
de facto family ties where the parties are living together outside of marriage.”219 In Z.H and R.H v.
Switzerland, an Iranian couple seeking asylum from Switzerland had concluded a religious marriage
when the bride was only 14 years old. In this particular case, the Court held that Article 8 does not
impose an obligation on State Parties to recognize a marriage concluded at the time one of the parties
was 14 years old.220 However, judge Nicolau questioned the fact that the Court did not take into
consideration that despite of the void child marriage, some other form of de facto relationship could
exist between the applicants. Judge Nicolau held that the fact that there was no legal marriage “could
not exhaust the question of whether the applicants did or did not have a family life together.”221
Accordingly, religious marriages and child marriages can fall within the protection of Article 8 if a
de facto relationship exists.222 When courts consider whether a child marriage falls under the scope
of Article 8, they should consider the nature of the relationship between the bride and the husband.
As dependency and the means by which the couple is committed to each other are relevant factors to
be considered in possible de facto relationships, it can be argued that for a child marriage to fall within
the scope of Article 8, the marriage shall be concluded with a full, free and informed consent of the
child bride. In situations where the child is forcibly married off to her husband, the husband often
exercises full control over the child whose several rights are violated through the marriage. In such
marriages, the relationship constitutes rather as “ownership”223 than a marriage involving “close
personal ties”224 required in a de facto relationship. When considering if a de facto relationship exists,
it is also important to take the child brides’ own views into account within the limits of her age and
maturity.225 The child bride has the right to be heard in all matters concerning her, including her
family life. Her own views are important as long as she can express the views freely,226 that is to say,
216

Slivenko v. Latvia, app. no. 48321/99 (ECtHR 09/10/2003) para. 97.
Serife Yigit v. Turkey, app. no. 3976/05 (ECtHR 02/11/2010), para. 102.
218
Z.H and R.H v. Switzerland, app. no. 60119/12 (ECtHR 08/12/2015), para. 44.
219
Serife Yigit v. Turkey (2010) para. 94.
220
Z.H and R.H v. Switzerland (2015) para. 44.
221
Ibid., concurring opinion.
222
Serife Yigit v. Turkey (2010) para. 98.
223
Turner (2013) p. 17.
224
Al-Nashif v. Bulgaria, app. no. 50963/99 (ECtHR 20/06/2002), para. 112.
225
CRC, Art. 12, see also Chapter 4.6.
226
Ibid., Art. 12.
217

35

if the marriage is concluded with a free consent of the child bride and if her opinions are not
manipulated by the husband.
All in all, States may be obliged to recognize some child marriages concluded abroad as de facto
relationships and therefore, a total ban on the recognition of child marriages may constitute a violation
of Article 8 of the ECHR. However, the right to family life is not an absolute right and it can therefore
be limited in certain situations by the State. The limitations on the right to family life will be discussed
further in the next chapter.
Nevertheless, the primary purpose of Article 8 of the Convention is to protect individuals against
arbitrary interference by authorities.227 However, because it is generally recognized that States may
as well have positive obligations towards securing the rights set in the Convention, the State Parties
are not only obliged to refrain from violating Article 8, they may as well be obliged to secure the
right to family life by enabling family ties and by reuniting families by admitting non-nationals into
their territories through family reunification applications. The ECtHR has held that “in order to
establish the scope of State’s obligations, the facts of the case must be considered.”228 The Court must
consider whether it would be possible for the family to live safely in their country of origin as well
as the factors that could have a negative impact on the receiving State if accepting the family
reunification application.229 It must then “strike a fair balance between the applicant’s interests on the
one hand and its own interest in controlling immigration on the other.”230 It must also take into
consideration the timing on which the family life was created; if it is clear that the family life was
created for making use of the immigration status of one of the spouses, the refusal of a family
reunification application will most likely not violate Article 8 of the Convention.231
Both in Sen v. Netherland and in Tuquabo-Tekle and others v. the Netherlands, the Court held that
the States were obliged to secure the right to family life by allowing the entry of an alien to their
territories because it was the “most adequate mean” for developing family life together232 and
therefore, the States had failed “to strike a fair balance between the applicant’s interests on the one
hand and its own interest in controlling immigration on the other.”233 In Mehemi v. France, ECtHR

227

Tuquabo-Tekle and Others v. the Netherlands, app. no. 60665/00 (ECtHR 01/12/2005), para. 42.
Ibid., para. 43.
229
Rodrigues Da Silva and Hoogkamer v. The Netherlands, app no. 50435/99 (ECtHR 31/01/2006) para. 39.
230
Tuquabo-Tekle and Others v. The Netherlands (2005) para. 52.
231
Rodrigues Da Silva and Hoogkamer v. The Netherlands (2006) para. 39.
232
Tuquabo-Tekle and Others v. The Netherlands (2005) para. 47.
233
Tuquabo-Tekle and Others v. The Netherlands (2005) para. 52.
228

36

held that “where the existence of a family tie has been established, the State must in principle act in
a manner calculated to enable that tie to be developed and take measures that will enable the family
to be reunited.”234 So even if state sovereignty allows States to control who they let into their
territories,235 States may as well have a positive obligation to secure the right to family life by
admitting aliens into their territories if it is the “most adequate mean” to develop existing family life
together236 and if the access of the non-national within State borders does not endanger the public
order of the State.237 Therefore, it can be argued that a State may have an obligation to reunite child
brides with their husbands when family reunification is applied if it is the “most adequate mean”238
for them to develop their family life together if such family life exists through a de facto relationship
concluded with mutual consent of the spouses.
4. Balancing Child Marriage and the Conflicting Norms
4.1. Limiting the Rights Enshrined in the ECHR
It has now been argued that both the non-recognition, as well as the recognition of foreign child
marriages in EU States may violate fundamental rights of the child bride. However, not all ECHR
rights are absolute and may be limited in certain circumstances. So, even if an EU State violates the
rights of a child bride by refusing to recognize the marriage or by recognizing it and thus exposing
the child to human rights violations caused by the union, sometimes a violation on a right enshrined
in the ECHR may be justified.
According to Article 15 of the Convention, derogation of the rights in the Convention is allowed “in
time of war or other public emergency threatening the life of the nation” but only “to the extent strictly
required.”239 However, the Article also states that derogation from articles 2, 4, 7 and 3 is never
permitted.240 The previous chapter discussed the prohibition of torture and ill-treatment in the context
of child marriage and reached to a conclusion that sometimes both the recognition, as well as the nonrecognition of child marriages may constitute a violation of Article 3. While derogation from the
Article is not permitted, how can a situation where both scenarios violate the rights of the child bride
be solved? This scenario will be discussed further in the last sub-chapter addressing the standard of
234

Mehemi v. France, app. no. 53470/99 (ECtHR 10/04/2003) para. 45.
Ibid., para. 43.
236
Ibid., para. 47.
237
Rodrigues Da Silva and Hoogkamer v. The Netherlands (2006) para. 39.
238
Mehemi v. France, app. no. 53470/99 (ECtHR 10/04/2003, para. 47.
239
ECHR, Art. 15.1.
240
Ibid., Art. 15.2.
235

37

the best interests of a child and the focus will now be put on the rights from which derogation is
permitted.
In addition to situations of war and emergency, the Convention provides more explicit restrictions on
certain rights in the Convention. Article 8 of the Convention, protecting the right to respect for private
and family life, allows limitations to the right in certain circumstances. The Article protects
individuals against arbitrary interference in their private and family life per se, but its second
paragraph imposes possible limitations on the right by stating:
There shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this right except
such as in accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests
of national security, public safety or the economic well-being of the country, for the
prevention of disorder or crime, for the protection of health and morals, or for the
protection of the rights and freedoms of others.241
In other words, even if it already has been argued that the non-recognition of a child marriage
may constitute a violation of Article 8, the non-recognition of the marriage may be justified if
the interference is “in accordance with the law” and is “necessary in a democratic society” for
achieving one or more of the legitimate aims listed in the second paragraph.242
So, when an interference occurs, the first thing the court has to consider is whether the interference
has been “in accordance with the law.”243 The ECtHR has held that the interference occurred must be
in accordance with domestic law, and the law in question must as well be “accessible to the person
concerned, who must moreover be able to foresee its consequences for him, and compatible with the
rule of law.”244 The Court has held that by “law”, the ECHR refers to “the law in force in a given
legal system”, referring to both written law and unwritten law and on case law as well as on
international legislation.245
All in all, whether an interference on the right to family life has been ‘in accordance with the law’
depends on national, as well as on international legislation. In States where child marriages are banned
in national legislation, an interference with the right is naturally in accordance with national law, but
241

ECHR, Art. 8.2.
Kruslin v. France, app. no. 11801/85 (ECtHR 24/04/1990) para. 26.
243
ECHR, Art. 8.2.
244
Kruslin v. France (1990) para. 27.
245
Ibid., para. 28-29.
242

38

whether it is in accordance with the international obligations of the State remains as a debated issue
and naturally, as the issue of this study.
Imagine that the interference of the right to family life by not recognizing a child marriage was in
accordance with the law. This is not enough. After this is proven, the State must as well prove that
the interference to family life has been “necessary in a democratic society” for achieving the
legitimate aim of the restriction.246 The UK Supreme Court has held that the legitimate aim in the
restriction to the right to family life by refusing to grant marriage visas for couples under the age of
21247 was the “protection of the rights and freedoms or others”, namely the right not to be forcibly
married.248 Nevertheless, when European States have enacted laws banning child marriages entirely
within their State borders, their legitimate aim has most likely been the protection against forced
marriage and child marriage. The lawfulness of an interference, or the existence of a legitimate aim
is rarely contested in ECtHR.249 However, for an interference on ECHR rights to be legal, the
interference must also be “necessary in a democratic society.”250
In Silver case, the ECtHR summarized principles governing the phrase ‘necessary in a democratic
society.’ It emphasized two principles in assessing the necessity of an interference; the proportionality
test and margin of appreciation.251 These two principles will be analysed further in this chapter and
applied on the recognition and non-recognition of foreign child marriages but at first, another
fundamental principle that should be considered at all times when limiting, as well as fulfilling rights
in the ECHR will be discussed: the prohibition of discrimination.

246

The Observer and The Guardian v. the United Kingdom, app.no. 13585/88 (ECtHR 26/11/1991) para. 72.
R (on the application of Quila and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant); R (on the application of Bibi and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant) app no UKSC 45, para. 7.
248
Ibid., para. 45.
249
Arai-Takahashi, Yutaka, ‘The Margin of Appreciation Doctrine and the Principle of Proportionality in the
Jurisprudence of the ECHR’, Intersentia, 2002, p. 62.
250
ECHR Art. 8.2.
251
Silver and others v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 5947/72; 6205/73; 7052/75; 7061/75; 7107/75; 7113/75; 7136/75,
(ECtHT Judgment 25/03/1983) para. 97.
247

39

4.2. Prohibition of Discrimination
Certain rights enshrined in the ECtHR may be limited within the limits of the principle of
proportionality and margin of appreciation but when limiting rights, a principle that must be taken
into account is the principle of non-discrimination. The principle of non-discrimination is a principle
of international law which, together with equality, form a basis on international human rights law.252
The principle is enshrined in almost every international treaty in one way or another and has become
one of the fundamental principles of international human rights law.253 The ECHR Article 14 reads
as follows:
The enjoyment of the rights and freedoms in this Convention shall be secured without
discrimination on any ground such as sex, race, colour, language, political opinion,
national or social origin, association with a national minority, property, birth or other
status.254
Article 14 guarantees that all human rights in the Convention are protected without discrimination
and together with Article 1 of the ECHR, which obliges States to secure the rights in the Convention
“to everyone within their jurisdiction”,255 it ensures that all Convention rights are applied to everyone
within the State’s jurisdiction.
The ECtHR has held that “discrimination means treating differently, without objective and reasonable
justification, persons in relevantly similar situations”256 referring to the ten grounds for discrimination
explicitly listed in Article 14. Even if being a child bride is not explicitly listed as a ground for
discrimination in the Article, the ECtHR has applied the ground “other status” on several other
distinct groups of people in a similar situation explicitly not listed in the Article.257 In Bah v. The
United Kingdom, ECtHR held that immigrants fall in a group in a similar situation and can thus fall
under the protection of the Articles’ protected ground “other status”258 whereas in Serife Yigit v.
252

Vijapur, P. Abdulrahim, ‘The principle of non-discrimination in international human rights law: the meaning and scope
of the concept’, Research Article published in July, 1993.
253
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, General Comment No. 20, ‘Non-Discrimination in economic,
social and cultural rights (art. 2, para. 2, of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights) July,
2009, UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/2, para. 2.
254
ECHR, Art. 14.
255
ECHR, Art. 1.
256
Opuz v. Turkey (2009) para 175.
257
See for example Bah v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 56328/97 (ECtHR 27/09/2011) and Serife Yigit v. Turkey, app.
no 3976/05 (ECtHR 02/11/2010.
258
Bah v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 56328/97 (ECtHR 27/09/2011) para 45.

40

Turkey, the ECtHR applied “other status” on marital status as a ground for discrimination.259 While,
according to the ECtHR case-law, both immigrants and married persons compose groups of people
in a similar situation and should thus not be treated differently, it can be argued that also child brides
are a group of people in a similar situation and should not be treated differently without a justification.
Moreover, as ECtHR has held that marital status can amount to a ground for discrimination,260 it can
be argued that child brides, as married persons, should be treated in a similar manner than others who
are married per se.
Whenever a State treats differently persons in a similar situation, there must be an “objective and
reasonable justification”, it has to “pursue a legitimate aim” and there has to be a “reasonable
relationship of proportionality between the means employed and the aim sought to be realized.”261 In
other words, the principle of proportionality, discussed further in the next sub-chapter, must be
applied not only when States limit rights of a person, but also when they treat groups of people
differently. So, when States set minimum age limits for spouses seeking asylum or residence permit
for family reunification purpose,262 allow exceptions to the marriageable age of 18 for their nationals
but refuse to recognize foreign child marriages,263 or simply violate a child brides’ right to family life
by not recognizing the union and at the same time allow other married couples enjoy their family life
without interference by authorities, the States must be able to justify their actions. Limitations on the
rights in the ECHR should not expose persons to discrimination without a reasonable objective which
is assessed with the help of the proportionality test discussed next.
4.3. Principle of Proportionality
The principle of proportionality is a fundamental principle that requires that restrictions to human
rights must be reasonable. Even if the States are offered a certain margin of appreciation264 in
assessing the reasonableness of a restriction, the ECtHR must ensure that the rights enshrined in the
Convention are not unnecessarily restricted. In other words, there must be a balance between the
undertaken restrictions to the right and the aim pursued. The proportionality test used by the ECtHR
in case law appears to have different versions depending on the context of the issue and the restricted
259

Serife Yigit v. Turkey, app. no 3976/05 (ECtHR 02/11/2010) para. 72.
Ibid.
261
Ibid., para. 67.
262
Family Reunification Directive, Art. 4.5.
263
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights: ‘Marriage with consent of a public authority and/or public figure’.
Available from: https://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2017/mapping-minimum-age-requirements/marriage-age
(12.11.2019).
264
The ’margin of appreciation’ doctrine will be addressed further in the next sub-chapter.
260

41

right in question.265 The Court has called for a “pressing social need” for the restriction and considered
whether the reasons for the interference were “relevant and sufficient.”266 It has also found that a
“”fair balance” must be struck between the demands of the general interest of the community and the
requirements of the protection of the individual’s fundamental rights.”267 In the UK Supreme Court,
the Court has also considered the ”adequacy” of the restriction, namely, whether the purported aim
of the restriction was important enough for justifying a limitation on the right and whether the
restriction was ”rationally connected” to the aim.268 In Silver case, where the ECtHR considered
limitations on Article 8 of the ECHR, the Court summarized that for a restriction on a Convention
right to be compatible with the Convention, the interference must correspond to a “pressing social
need” and be “proportionate to the legitimate aim pursued” and thus referred to the principle of
proportionality.269
Due to the large scale problem of child marriages, it can be argued that a legislative objective of
preventing child marriages could be a sufficiently important aim “to justify limiting a fundamental
right.”270 However, as the restriction must as well be reasonable, the costs and benefits of the
restriction must be balanced.271 In UK Supreme Court, Lord Wilson questioned the number of forced
marriages an amendment denying marriage visas for couples under the age of 21deters and found that
“the number of unforced marriages which it obstructs from their intended development for up to three
years vastly exceeds the number of forced marriages which it deters” and therefore, the amendment
does not ”strike a fair balance between the rights of the parties to unforced marriages and the interests
of the community in preventing forced marriages”, and is not therefore necessary for achieving the
purported aim of the amendment.272

265

Council of Europe: The Margin of Appreciation, available from:
https://www.coe.int/t/dghl/cooperation/lisbonnetwork/themis/echr/paper2_en.asp (12.2.2020).
266
Handyside v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 5493/72 (ECTHR 07/12/1976) para. 48.
267
James and others v. the United Kingdom, app.no. 8793/79 (ECtHR 21/02/2986) para. 50.
268
R (on the application of Quila and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant); R (on the application of Bibi and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant) app no UKSC 45, para. 45.
269
Silver and others v. the United Kingdom (1983) para. 97.
270
R (on the application of Quila and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant); R (on the application of Bibi and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home
Department (Appellant) app no UKSC 45, para. 45.
271
Cianciardo, Juan, ‘The Principle of Proportionality: The Challenge of Human Rights’, Research Gate, Journal of Civil
Law Studies, Vol. 3, January 2010, p. 180.
272
R (on the application of Quila and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant); R (on the application of Bibi and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department
(Appellant) app no UKSC 45, para. 58.

42

The central question is, can a total ban on the recognition of foreign child marriages and thus a
restriction on the right to family life deter child marriages? Lord Wilson did not find an amendment
denying marriage visas for couples under the age of 21 as a reasonable restriction for the aim pursued,
namely, the preventing of forced marriages. As all child marriages do not constitute human rights
violations, it could be argued that a total ban on the recognition of such marriages is not suitable for
preventing child marriages as it also obstructs the child marriages that are not harmful for the child
bride. Nevertheless, as foreign child marriages are concluded abroad, a total ban on the recognition
of such marriages in another State most likely does not deter child marriages in that State where they
are concluded, rather prevents them from landing within the borders of the State refusing to recognize
such marriages. A total ban on the recognition of foreign child marriages and thus an interference in
the family life of the child brides cannot be seen as a proportionate response to preventing child
marriages. Therefore, it can also be argued that a total ban on the recognition of child marriages and
thus different treatment of foreign child brides and married national cannot be justified under the
principle of non-discrimination. However, it can be argued that Article 8 could proportionally be
restricted in individual circumstances “for the protection of the rights of others”,273 namely for the
protection of the child bride. So, all in all, each case should be considered individually. A total ban
on child marriages is not a proportionate response on deterring child marriages while it does not end
child marriages. However, when a child bride is in need of protection and her rights are clearly
violated because of ending up as a child bride, a State may limit the right to family life by refusing to
recognize a foreign child marriage for the protection of the child bride because such a limitation is
proportionate to the aim pursued.

4.4. Margin of Appreciation
Legal traditions, national values and cultures differ between States. Even if human rights are
universal, after all, it is the national constitutions of each State that determine how and to what extent
the rights are protected and therefore, there are differences in the protection of the rights between
States.274 While States share the same fundamental rights but do not necessarily share the same values,
the ECtHR must find a way for an efficient protection of human rights while at the same time, respect
the values and cultures of each State. For an effective human rights protection, the ECtHR has
established a standard called the margin of appreciation.275
273

ECHR, Art. 8.2.
Gerards, Janneke, ‘Margin of Appreciation and Incrementalism in the Case Law of the European Court of Human
Rights’, Human Rights Law Review, 2018, 18, pp. 495–515, pp. 495-496.
275
Ibid., p. 497.
274

43

As previously discussed, some Convention rights may be limited under certain conditions if
“necessary in a democratic society.”276 This is where the doctrine of margin of appreciation comes
into play; it is considered that domestic courts and authorities are in the best place in assessing
whether an interference to a right is necessary and reasonable for protecting the interests of that
State.277 While the principle of proportionality is all about balancing interests,278 the margin of
appreciation affords States a certain amount of discretion to determine whether a restriction to a right
can be justified.279 So, margin of appreciation is an important mean for finding balance when different
legal values and cultures conflict with each other.
In Handyside v. United Kingdom, the ECtHR explained the extent to which the rights of the
Convention could be limited by stating:
This margin of appreciation is given both to the domestic legislator (‘prescribed by law’)
and to the bodies, judicial amongst others, that are called upon to interpret and apply the
laws in force…The domestic margin of appreciation…goes hand in hand with a European
supervision. Such supervision concerns both the aim of the measure challenged and its
‘necessity’; it covers not only the basic legislation but also the decision applying it; even
one given by an independent Court.280
All in all, even if States are primarily responsible for securing the rights in the Convention281 and
they have been given a discretion in limiting the rights, the ECtHR must ensure that the rights are
effectively protected within national borders. After all, it is for the ECtHR to decide if domestic courts
and authorities have used their margin of appreciation within the limits of the Convention.
The extent of margin of appreciation differs between rights. As the ECtHR has held, “the scope of
the margin of appreciation will vary according to the circumstances, the subject-matter and its
background.”282 When assessing the scope of margin of appreciation States have, how States

276

ECHR, Art. 8.2.
Henrard, Kristin, ‘A Critical Analysis of the Margin of Appreciation Doctrine of the ECtHR, with Special Attention
to Rights of a Traditional Way of Life and a Healthy Environment: A Call for an Alternative Model of International
Supervision’, The Yearbook of Polar Law IV (2012): 365–413, p. 370.
278
Ibid., p. 368.
279
Ibid., p. 367.
280
Handyside v. the United Kingdom (1976) para. 48.
281
The Observer and The Guardian v. the United Kingdom (1991) para. 73.
282
Henrard (2012) p. 369.
277

44

generally regulate the issue at stake must be taken into account.283 If States apparently share a practice
regarding the issue at stake, the margin of appreciation States enjoy is narrow. If there are apparent
diversities in the laws and practices between States, the margin of appreciation is wider and
limitations in Convention rights are easier to justify.284 For example in immigration control, States
have the right, at least to some extent to decide who they let into their territories285 and in the
protection of children’s rights and family life, States have been given a wide discretion in making
decisions concerning families and children’s welfare because there are so much diversities between
cultures with respect to family life.286
Margin of appreciation applies on Article 8 protecting the right to family life, but it has also been
applied even on the non-derogable right of the prohibition of torture protected in Article 3.287 In
Valiuliene v. Lithuania, the ECtHR found that:
State’s responsibility under Article 3 of the Convention…within the limits of the
Convention, the choice of the means to secure compliance with Article 3 in the sphere of
the relations of individuals between themselves is in principle a matter that falls within
the domestic authorities’ margin of appreciation, provided that criminal-law mechanisms
are available to the victim.288
However, as the prohibition of torture and ill-treatment is a non-derogable right, States do not enjoy
a margin of appreciation concerning possible limitations on Article 3. In Valiuliene, the State was left
a discretion in the “choice of means” Article 3 is secured and therefore, it can be argued that margin
of appreciation does not apply on Article 3 in the same manner as it does on Article 8.
When it comes to child marriages, margin of appreciation comes into play in several fields concerning
the practice. States that have laws permitting marriages under the age of 18 have used their margin
of appreciation in regulating the marriageable age. Different cultures and religions affect the concept
of marriage and therefore, the legal age for marriage differ between States. For example, the Muslim

283

Kilkelly, Ursula, ‘The Child and the European Convention on Human Rights’, Second Edition, Taylor and Francis,
2017, p. 7.
284
Ibid.
285
Mehemi v. France, app. no. 53470/99 (ECtHR 10/04/2003) para. 45.
286
Kilkelly (2017) p. 7.
287
McGoldrick, Dominik, ‘A defence of the margin of appreciation and an argument for its application by the human
rights committee’, International and Comparative Law Quarterly 65(1):1-40, 2015, pp. 22-23.
288
Valiuliene v. Lithuania, app. no. 33234/07 (ECtHR 26/03/2013) para. 85.

45

Marriage and Divorce Act of Sri Lanka sets 12 as a minimum age for marriage for girls289 and Iran
allows marriages for girls from 13 years.290 However, both Acts can be seen controversial in the eyes
of international law, regardless of the margin of appreciation. Even if exceptions to the marriageable
age are allowed in certain situations, as it already was argued in chapter 2, all marriages under the
age of 16 could be considered as illegal even if this is not explicitly stated in a legally binding
instrument or by a judicial body.291
Margin of appreciation allows States to take cultural and traditional factors into consideration while
limiting the rights in the Convention. However, the assumption that culture and traditions can affect
the enjoyment of fundamental rights seems controversial. While all human rights are universal, all
rights should be equal “regardless of the culture into which the individual happens to be born.”292
When it comes to the marriageable age and culture, the joint general comment of the CEDAW
Committee and the CRC Committee that allows exceptions to the marriageable age of 18 holds that
such exceptions shall not be defended with culture or religion.293 When Finland finally in 2019
removed the possibility to conclude marriages under the age of 18 in exceptional situations, the
Finnish former minister of Justice conformed the joint general comment by noting that culture and
religion shall never overrule the protection of children.294 So even if States enjoy a wide margin of
appreciation concerning family life issues, different cultures and values should not affect the legal
age for marriage.
When it comes to the non-recognition of child marriages concluded abroad, States may in certain
circumstances limit the right to family life by refusing to recognize child marriages concluded abroad
and control their immigration by refusing to accept family reunification applications from families
compromised of a child marriage. Some European States have taken advantage of this discretion by
enacting laws banning the recognition of foreign child marriages entirely within their State borders

289

Marriage and Divorce (Muslim) Art. 23, Sri Lanka.
Girls Not Brides: ‘Iran’, available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/child-marriage/iran/ (27.03.2020).
291
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20, see also chapter 2.
292
Sweeney, James, A., ‘Margins of Appreciation: Cultural Relativity and the European Court of Human Rights in the
Post-Cold war era’, The International and Comparative Law Quarterly, Vol. 54, No. 2 (Apr., 2005), pp. 459-474 (16
pages), Cambridge University press, p. 460.
293
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
294
Turun Sanomat: ’Lapsiavioliitot kielletään Suomessa’ – Oikeusministeri: ”Lapsien tulee saada olla lapsia täysiikäisyyteen
asti”,
20.2.2019,
available
from:
https://www.ts.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/4487764/Lapsiavioliitot+kielletaan+Suomessa+Oikeusministeri+Lapsien+tulee+saada
+olla+lapsia+taysiikaisyyteen+asti (27.03.2020).
290

46

and thus limiting the child brides’ right to family life. However, the ECtHR has held that “a general,
automatic, indiscriminate restriction on a vitally important Convention right falls outside any
acceptable margin of appreciation.”295 The ECtHR did not specify what these “vitally important”
rights are.296 The term can refer to only certain rights in the Convention which are considered vital,
but the author interprets this as referring to all fundamental rights in the Convention.
A total ban on the recognition of foreign child marriages can without doubt be considered as an
automatic and indiscriminate restriction while it automatically applies on all married couples were at
least one of the spouses is under the age of 18 and affects the family life of immigrants only.
Therefore, it can be argued that laws banning automatically all child marriages concluded abroad falls
outside States’ margin of appreciation and therefore, States that do not consider such marriages on an
individual basis are not conforming their obligations under the Convention.
4.5. Ordre Public in Private International Law
Per se, States are committed to enforce foreign rights that are legally acquired abroad.297 Foreign laws
and rights give rise to obligations that should be enforced all over the world. Even if a right did not
exist as such in the legislation of a State, “it is a principle of every civilized law that vested rights
shall be protected.”298 When foreign rights are enforced in national courts, the fact that the right
applied is necessarily not convergent with national law must basically be tolerated.299 The legislation
of each State differ and sometimes the forum State may not even have legislation concerning the
particular right at issue; this does not mean that the particular right should not be enforced.300
However, if the applied foreign law contradicts with national law of the forum State so significantly,
that the enforcement of such law would violate the fundamental norms of that State and contradicts
with the public policy of that State, the domestic court may invoke on the principle of ordre public
in private international law and refuse to apply such law.301 So, enforced rights are protected abroad
as long as the nature of the right is not contrary to the public policy and morals of the forum State.302

295

Hirst v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 74025/01 (ECtHR 06/10/2005) para. 82.
Ibid., para. 82.
297
Murphy, Kent, ‘The Traditional View of Public Policy and Ordre Public in Private International law’, Georgia Journal
of International and Comparative Law, Vol. 11, No. 3 (1981) p. 591.
298
Loucks et al. v. Standard Oil Co. of New York, 224 N.Y. 99, 120 N.E. 198, para. 4.
299
Mikkola, Tuulikki, Vieraan valtion oikeuden soveltamisen torjuminen ja ordre public, Edilex 2016/12, p. 4.
300
Loucks et al. v. Standard Oil Co. of New York, 224 N.Y. 99, 120 N.E. 198, para. 5.
301
Mikkola (2016) p. 4.
302
Loucks et al. v. Standard Oil Co. of New York, 224 N.Y. 99, 120 N.E. 198, para. 4.
296

47

While choosing the applicable law and thus refusing to apply foreign legislation, the conflict with the
public policy and morals of the forum State must be significant.303 As Justice Cardozo has noted:
The courts are not free to refuse to enforce a foreign right at the pleasure of the judges, to
suit the individual notion of expediency or fairness. They do not close their doors, unless
help would violate some fundamental principle of justice, some prevalent conception of
good morals, some deep-rooted tradition of the common weal.304
However, ordre public is not defined in legislation305 and while the limits of public order and morals
differ between States,306 the standards under which courts are allowed to reject foreign law remains
unclear. An exhaustive definition for the concept of ordre public would not even be possible taking
into consideration the nature of the principle.307 For example in France, ordre public is applied “where
the foreign rule is contrary to the morals of civilized society; or where the foreign law threatens the
character of French civilization”308 whereas under the German statue, ordre public is “directed toward
non-German laws and excludes their application whenever they would be contrary to good morals or
would work against the policy of German law.”309
When assessing whether ordre public is applicable, the connection the issue and the parties have to
the forum State shall be considered. If they are strongly linked to each other, the threshold for
applying the principle is lower than in situations where the issue at stake is only weakly connected to
the forum State.310 However, in situations where a particular law clearly violates fundamental human
rights or peremptory norms of international law, ordre public applies despite of the nature of the
connection the particular issue have to the State; these norms always apply in situations where there
is a conflict of laws.311 All in all, each situation shall be considered on a case-by-case basis taking
into consideration international norms, as well as the norms of the society and the changing values
and interests.312 Within Member States of the EU, ordre public principle is also always applicable in
situations where a foreign norm conflicts with the ECHR and the Treaty of the European Union.313

303

Mikkola (2016) p. 4.
Loucks et al. v. Standard Oil Co. of New York, 224 N.Y. 99, 120 N.E. 198 para. 6.
305
Mikkola (2016) p. 4.
306
Murphy (1981) p. 596.
307
Mikkola (2016) p. 4.
308
Murphy (1981) pp. 596-597.
309
Murphy (1981) p. 598.
310
Mikkola (2016) p. 5.
311
Ibid., p. 8.
312
Ibid., pp. 5-6.
313
Ibid., p. 13.
304

48

So the foreign right enforced must not only be in line with national public policies and morals but
with the ECHR as well.314
ECHR refers to ordre public in two Articles in Section 1: Article 6 protecting the right to a fair trial315
and in Article 9 protecting the freedom of thought, conscience and religion.316 Even if Article 8(2)
allows restrictions to the right to private and family life for legitimate purposes like Article 9 does,
Article 8 does not explicitly allow restrictions to the right on grounds of public order.317 Nevertheless,
according to the case law of the ECtHR, ordre public can be applied on other Convention rights as
well. In S.A.S. v. France, the ECtHR considered whether a ban on clothing covering one’s face
violated the right to private and family life and the freedom of thought, conscience and religion318
and introduced an approach where it subsumed ordre public under the legitimate aim “for the
protection of the rights and freedoms of others”,319 a legitimate aim explicitly mentioned in Article
8(2). The legitimate aim “the rights and freedoms of others”320 has traditionally referred to other
ECHR rights,321 but in S.A.S case, the Court linked it to a French principle vivre ensemble (“living
together”)322 by stating:
The Court…can understand the view that individuals who are present in places open to
all may not wish to see practices or attitudes developing there which would fundamentally
call into question the possibility of open interpersonal relationships, which, by virtue of
an established consensus, forms an indispensable element of community life within the
society in question. The Court is therefore able to accept that the barrier raised against
others by a veil concealing the face is perceived by the respondent State as breaching the
right of others to live in a space of socialisation which makes living together easier.323
With its reasoning, the Court enabled the legitimate aim ‘rights of others’ to be applied on other rights
outside the Convention rights as well, including living together easier and thus also allowed the

314

Mikkola (2016) p. 14.
ECHR, Art. 6.1.
316
Ibid., Art. 9.2.
317
Ibid., Art. 8.2.
318
S.A.S. v. France, app. no. 43835/11 (ECtHR 01/07/2014) para. 3.
319
Ibid., para. 117, see also Erlings, Esther, ‘The Government did not refer to it’: SAS v. France and ordre public at the
European Court of Human Rights, Melbourne Journal of International Law, vol. 16, (2015) p. 15 and ECHR, Art. 8.2.
320
ECHR, Art. 8.2.
321
Erlings (2015) p. 7.
322
S.A.S. v. France (2014) para. 121, see also para. 17.
323
Ibid., para. 122
315

49

principle of ordre public to be applied on articles not explicitly listing public order as a ground for
limitation, including Article 8 protecting the right to private and family life.
Nevertheless, there is not much case law concerning ordre public324 while most cases with conflict
of laws are settled using other principles of law.325 However, in a Finnish Highest Administrative
Court case,326 the Court held that a marriage legally concluded in Syria between a husband and a 15year girl currently living in Finland was against Finnish ordre public. Even if marriages legally
concluded abroad are generally valid in Finland as well,327 the Court referred to the Finnish Marriage
Act328 by stating: “a provision in the law of a foreign State shall be disregarded, if its application
would have an outcome contrary to Finnish public policy (ordre public)”329 and held that a marriage
where at least one party was under the age of 16 at the time the marriage was concluded was a situation
where the principle of ordre public should be applied even if Finnish law at that time allowed children
under the age of 16 to marry in exceptional situations.330
When a child bride migrates to Europe, European States must consider whether the marriage legally
concluded abroad is enforced in Europe as well or whether the marriage is contrary to the public
policy and morals of the forum State and could thus not be recognized under the ordre public
principle. As already discussed in this thesis, child marriages are strongly condemned in Europe. It is
understood that a child marriage may violate several fundamental human rights norms and
occasionally even peremptory norms of international law and while ordre public is applicable in
situations where a foreign right conflicts with European norms and values, it could be argued that
national courts in Europe have the power to refuse to enforce such marriages. Furthermore, the Family
Reunification Directive addresses ordre public with respect to family reunification applications.
According to Article 6 of the Directive, a family reunification application by a family member may
be rejected “on grounds of public policy, public security or public health”331 and therefore, the Article
could justify denied family reunification applications on grounds of child marriage.
However, as discussed, ordre public is not defined in legislation and therefore, there is no clear
standards under which the principle is applied. Each case is considered on a case-by-case basis in

324

Mikkola (2016) p. 11, Murphy (1981) p. 599.
Mikkola (2016) p. 11, Murphy (1981) p. 599.
326
5.12.2005/3219 KHO:2005:87.
327
The Finnish Marriage Act 234/1929, Amendments up to 1226/2001 incl. Art. 115.1.
328
5.12.2005/3219 KHO:2005:87.
329
The Finnish Marriage Act 234/1929, Amendments up to 1226/2001 incl. Art. 139.2.
330
5.12.2005/3219 KHO:2005:87, Hallituksen Esitys HE 211/2018 vp.
331
Family Reunification Directive, Art. 6.1.
325

50

domestic courts so it cannot be argued that States automatically have the right to apply ordre public
on child marriages concluded abroad. However, it certainly is a principle to be considered with respect
to child marriages while such marriages often are in conflict with European, as well as national public
policies and morals.
4.6. Standard of the Best Interests of a Child
As discussed, sometimes even the most fundamental norms may conflict with each other. When it
comes to child marriages concluded abroad, States may face a situation where they have to balance
between immigration control and the right to family life, or assess whether a child marriage concluded
abroad should be recognized or not while both scenarios could expose the child to torture or illtreatment. When striking a balance between children’s rights and conflicting norms and interests,
there is one principle that should guide all decisions; the standard of the best interests of a child.332
The standard of the best interests of a child is a fundamental principle of international law that guides
all decisions concerning the welfare of a child.333 The principle is included in Article 3 of the CRC
which reads as follows: “In all actions concerning children, whether undertaken by public or private
social welfare institutions, courts of law, administrative authorities or legislative bodies, the best
interests of the child shall be a primary consideration.”334
The best interests principle has since the CRC been applied in several international, regional and
national provisions. It is included in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights in the wording of the
CRC335 and in national provisions in different fields of law.336 The principle can as well be found
from Council of Europe Resolutions concerning child marriage; The Assembly Resolution from 2005
that prohibits States from recognizing forced marriages and child marriages concluded abroad sets
exceptions on this matter by noting that a child marriage may be recognized “…where recognition
would be in the victims’ best interests with regard to the effects of the marriage, particularly for the
purpose of securing rights which they could not claim otherwise”337 and later in 2018, in its “forced
marriage” Resolution, the Assembly urged again States to “refrain from recognizing forced marriages

332

Freeman, Michael D. A, ‘A Commentary on the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child’, Article 3: The
Best Interests of the Child, Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, Leiden/Boston, 2007, p. 1.
333
Ibid., p.1, Been, Claire, ‘The Standard of the Best Interest of the Child: A Western Tradition in International and
Comparative Law,’ International Studies in Human Rights vol. 72, Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, the Hague/London/New
York, 2002. p. 1.
334
CRC Art. 3.1.
335
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2000/C 364/01), Art. 24.2.
336
See for example the Finnish Aliens Act 22.2.1991/378, sec. 1C.
337
Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 1468 (2005) para. 14.2.4.

51

contracted abroad but, where it would be in the victim’s best interests, recognize the effects of the
marriage insofar as this would enable the victim to secure rights which they could not otherwise
claim.”338
In the ECtHR, the best interests principle is discussed often in matters relating to the protection of
family life and especially in family reunification cases.339 Generally, ECtHR considers the
maintaining of family ties as being in the best interests of the child.340 When it comes to family ties,
family ties are often regarded as the relationship between the child and the parents.341 The ECtHR
has held that “everything must be done to preserve personal relations and, if and when appropriate,
to “rebuild” the family” and refers to the relationship between a child and his or her parents.342 One
possible interpretation of the reasoning of the Court could be that when considering the interests of
the child bride with respect to the recognition or non-recognition of a child marriage, the primary
consideration should be that the child should be returned to her parents “except in cases where the
family has proven particularly unfit.”343 In V.D case, where the ECtHR assessed the interests of the
child, as one important factor, it took into consideration the living conditions with the parents.344
When a child bride seeks asylum or a residence permit from Europe, it most likely means that she
would be better off in Europe than in her State of origin when considering the living environment and
her safety. The child may not even have parents and it is possible that the husband is the only family
the child has left. As this study has already previously proven, a de facto relationship between the
child bride and her husband may fall within the protection of “family life” and thus should as well be
considered as a family tie that should primarily be preserved when considering the interests of the
child. Moreover, returning a child bride to parents who have married her off at a young age may also
expose the child to the risk of human rights violations. It can be argued that in such situations the
returning of the child to her parents is not in the best interests of the child.
How can it be assessed if it is in the child’s best interests to be reunited, or to remain with her husband
and stay married? How is best interests defined? The term “best interests” is not defined in any
Convention. Academic John Eekelaar defines the term as “basic interests, for example to physical,
338

Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 2233 (2018) para. 7.9.
see Berisha v. Switzerland, app. no. 948/12 (ECtHR 30/07/2014), Mugenzi v. France, app. no. 52701/09 (ECtHR
10/07/2014).
340
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights: ‘Handbook on European law relating to the rights of the child’,
Council of Europe, 2015, p. 103.
341
V.D. and others v. Russia, app. no. 72931/10 (ECtHR 09/04/2019) para. 114.
342
Ibid.
343
Ibid.
344
Ibid., para. 118.
339

52

emotional and intellectual care developmental interests, to enter adulthood as far as possible without
disadvantage; autonomy interests, especially the freedom to choose a lifestyle of their own.”345 When
considering the definition of Eekelaar in the light of child marriages, the fact how a child marriage
affects the basic interests, autonomy and “freedom to choose a lifestyle of their own” cannot be
disregarded. It could be argued that a child marriage cannot be in the child’s best interests as it
strongly affects the basic rights of the child. However, The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council
of Europe has held in its resolutions that a marriage shall not be recognized unless it is in the best
interests of the child “with regards to the effects of the marriage particularly for the purpose of
securing rights which they could not claim otherwise.”346 So a child marriage can be in the child’s
best interests if the child bride claims rights, like the right to family and thus the right to family
reunification as a consequence of the marriage. A refugee child is particularly vulnerable and even if
a child marriage can be regarded as a fundamental human rights violation, the marriage may actually
provide the child economic help and security. Furthermore, the explanatory report of the Istanbul
Convention addressing forced marriage suggests that a forced marriage should have no legal effect347
but also indicates that the annulment of a forced marriage “should not affect the rights of the victim
of forced marriage.”348
The application of the standard within different jurisdictions depends eventually on several factors,
like culture, time and religion349 and interests of a child are seen differently between different
families; for example a Christian parent rarely finds the circumcision of a boy for non-medical reasons
as being for the child’s best interests whereas Muslim parents act in the best interests of their child
while they circumcise their sons.350 When it comes to child marriages, the developed world rarely
finds justifications for child marriages concluded at a very young age whereas in the developing
world, child marriages are often a part of everyday life. Therefore, a debated question is; how far can
cultural or religious norms affect the assessment of child’s best interests?351 How wide is the States
margin of appreciation when it comes to child’s best interests?

345

Freeman (2007) p. 27.
Parliamentary Assembly Resolution 1468 (2005) para. 14.2.4.
347
Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and
domestic violence, Council of Europe Treaty Series, Istanbul, 11.V.2011, para. 177.
348
Explanatory report to the Istanbul Convention, para. 178.
349
Freeman (2007) p. 17.
350
Freeman (2007) p. 2.
351
Ibid., p. 5.
346

53

Article 3(1) of the CRC itself answers to this question. The Article says that “the best interests of the
child shall be a primary consideration.”352 Primary, meaning the first consideration.353 Child’s best
interests shall be the determining factor in only few situations; in adoption354 and in situations where
a child is separated from his or her parents.355 In all other actions concerning children, child’s best
interests shall be the primary consideration which shall be balanced between all rights of the child.356
Therefore, the assessment and determination of a child’s best interests is not a simple process and the
responsibility to ensure the fulfillment of the standard is on the States.357 Each situation should be
considered on a case-by-case basis. For example in Sen v. Netherlands, the ECtHR balanced with the
rights of a child and “wider public policy interests” and while considering the interests of the child,
took into consideration “the age of the children concerned, their situation in the country of origin and
their degree of independence from their parents.” It is important to consider the involvement of the
child’s parents in the child’s life,358 because if the husband is the only family the child has left, the
dependency the Court considered in Sen v. Netherlands between the child and the parents could as
well be the relationship between the husband and the child bride that ought to be considered.359
The States shall also ensure that the child has the right to participate in the process. According to
CRC, every child “who is capable of forming his or her own views” has the right express his or her
views in matters concerning the child360 and therefore, it is important to give the child bride the
possibility to express her views concerning the marriage and to make sure that all relevant experts
are involved in the procedure of determining and assessing the best interests.361 Decision-makers must
balance between all relevant factors and rights for deciding the best option for the child362 and in
addition to the ECHR, all other international, as well as national legal norms must also be taken into
account.363
There is no “check-list” on the terms that should be fulfilled when determining the best interests, but
it is a principle that must be taken into consideration when implementing all other human rights.

352

CRC Art. 3.1.
Freeman (2007) p. 61.
354
CRC Art. 21.
355
Ibid., Art. 9.
356
UNCHR Guidelines on Determining the Best Interests on the Child, May 2008, p.15.
357
Ibid., p. 23.
358
Ibid., p. 26.
359
Ibid.
360
CRC, Art. 12.
361
UNCHR Guidelines on Determining the Best Interests on the Child (2008) p. 26.
362
Ibid., p. 23.
363
Ibid., p. 15.
353

54

The ECHR must be read in the light of the principle but on the other hand, it can also help in resolving
matters that are not covered in the Convention. It is a principle that can assist in resolving conflicts
between different rights of a child,364 including the conflict arising from a situation where both the
recognition, as well as the non-recognition of a marriage could expose the child to torture and illtreatment. Cultural and religious norms affect the assessment of child’s best interests, but according
to the CEDAW and CRC Committees, marriages under the age of 18 should be based exclusively on
the maturity of the child, not on culture or religion.365 Therefore, it can be argued that when assessing
the interests of a child bride in a marriage, the marriage is in the interests of the child only if the child
is mature enough for understanding the consequences of the union and for giving a full, free and
unformed consent to the marriage. However, the child bride has also the right to express her own
views of the marriage.366 Nevertheless, when giving weight to the views of the child bride, the
maturity of the child is relevant too while the child must be mature enough for understanding the
implications of the union.367
In Finland, there is no total ban on the recognition of child marriages concluded abroad. Each situation
is considered on a case-by-case basis and under each case the best interests of the child is assessed.
While both the CEDAW Committee and the CRC Committee accepts marriages below the age of 18
in “exceptional situations” as long as the child is at least 16 years old368 and the UN Convention on
Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages allows exceptions
to the rule of minimum age of 18 if it is in “the interests of the intending spouses”,369 the Finnish
legislation allows these exceptions to be taken into account when authorities determine whether a
marriage concluded abroad is to be recognized.370
Per se, according to Finnish Marriage Law, a marriage concluded abroad is valid in Finland if it is
valid in the country where it was concluded. However, the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland
found that a marriage concluded in Syria when one of the spouses was 15-years old was against the
best interest of the child because despite of the cultural and religious background, migrant girls have
also the right to freely choose their spouse. Therefore, the Court found that accepting the family
364

Freeman (2007) p. 32.
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20, see also chapter 2.2.
366
CRC, Art. 12.
367
Lansdown, Gerison, ‘Every Child’s Right to be Heard: a Resource Guide on the UN Committee on the Rights of the
Child on General Comment No. 12. Unicef 2011, p. 23.
368
‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20.
369
Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of Marriages, Art. 2.
370
Hallituksen Esitys HE 211/2018 vp.
365

55

reunification application by the husband living abroad was against the best interests of the 15-year
girl living in Finland.371
As each situation should be considered on an individual basis and even if the first thought could be
that a child marriage cannot be in the best interests of a child, a total ban on the recognition of foreign
child marriages violates the best interests principle.
5. Conclusions
Child marriages are considerably addressed in both international, as well as in European legislation.
However, even if the practice is prohibited per se, several jurisdictions unfortunately still allow it to
happen. It is a widespread problem but affects mostly adolescent girls in the developing world as well
as young girls within conflict zones and therefore, many refugee girls seeking asylum or a residence
permit from Europe are married at a young age. Even if child marriages are prohibited in Europe with
exceptions, there are no explicit international or regional provisions on how child marriages
concluded abroad should be addressed within EU Member States. Therefore, a married child arriving
to the continent brings about several legal dilemmas where the rights of the child are at stake.
There have been differences in how EU States have responded to the issue of the migrating child
brides but no simple answer on how they should respond. States have been forced to re-examine their
legislation after encountering the issue of the migrating child brides and therefore, during recent
years, there has been a trend in Europe where States have enacted laws concerning underage
marriages by raising the minimum age for marriage, removing exceptions to marriages under the age
of 18 and most radically, some States have enacted laws banning entirely the recognition of foreign
child marriages within their State borders. States that have refused to recognize child marriages
concluded abroad have become subjects of debate on whether the non-recognition of child marriages
is compatible with the States’ obligations under international human rights law.
This thesis analysed the extent of obligations States have towards the recognition of child marriages
concluded abroad by seeking an answer to the primary question of this study: In what circumstances
should a child marriage concluded abroad be recognized in EU Member States and when is it
acceptable under international law to refuse to recognize the legal validity of such marriage?

371

5.12.2005/3219 KHO:2005:87, see also footnote 299.

56

There is no absolute obligation on States to refrain from recognizing child marriages to be found from
international instruments. Even if the treaties and resolutions addressing the issue of foreign child
marriages all condemn child marriages and urge States to refrain from recognizing such marriages,
they all provide exceptions on the matter and accordingly, foreign child marriages can arguably be
recognized in Europe if the child bride is at least 16 years old372 and if the marriage, or its effects, is
in the best interests of the child. After all, all the international instruments addressing the issue of
foreign child marriages give States a discretion to assess each situation on a case-by-case basis
without an absolute obligation of non-recognition. However, even if there is no explicit obligation of
non-recognition, States are nevertheless under an obligation to protect the child brides from human
rights violations.
Traditionally, human rights law has imposed only negative obligations on States. During the recent
decades, the obligations of States have extended and today, it is widely accepted that States not only
have to respect all the rights of individuals, they must as well ensure that the rights of individuals are
not violated. Under the principle of due diligence, States are obliged to take all appropriate measures
for protecting the rights of everyone within their jurisdiction and the obligation has also been
extended to acts committed by private persons. Hence, States are under an obligation to protect the
migrating child brides from the fundamental human rights violations the child marriage may expose
them to. The positive obligation of States to protect the child brides from violations committed by
third-parties and the principle of due diligence have most likely been the most important principles
to be kept in mind throughout this thesis while without the State’s obligation to protect, the migrating
child brides would not cause the legal dilemmas they now cause.
The reason why the issue of foreign child marriages is not that straightforward is the fact that however
a State decides to act with respect to a foreign child marriage, because of their positive obligation to
protect, their acts may result to a violation of the rights enshrined in the ECHR. Even if a child bride
was not within European borders, an asylum application may nevertheless bring the child bride within
the jurisdiction of the European State concerned and therefore also under the protection of the ECHR.
This study discussed primarily two rights enshrined in the ECHR that a foreign child marriage and
its recognition or non-recognition affects: the prohibition of torture (Article 3) and the right to family
life (Article 8) but took into consideration also the peremptory norms of international law in general
within the scope of the ILC Articles.

372

‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc
CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18, para. 20, see also 5.12.2005/3219 KHO:2005:87.

57

A child marriage may fall within the scope of serious breaches of peremptory norms of international
law regulated under the ILC Articles while child marriage may lead to either torture or slavery, both
peremptory norms of international law. However, for falling under the scope of the Articles, the
breach of the peremptory norm must reach a certain level of seriousness. A child marriage may reach
the level if the breach is conducted with a level of intensity, intentionally and leads to severe
consequences on the victim. However, each breach should be considered on a case-by-case basis
while all child marriages are different in their nature and consequences and therefore, it cannot be
argued that all child marriages would fall within the scope of the ILC Articles, even if they
nevertheless may be harmful for the child. If a child marriage falls under the Article’s scope, States
are obliged to refrain from the recognition of the marriage. If they fail to do so, they may be held
liable for a serious breach of an internationally recognized peremptory norm.
Even if a violation on a peremptory norm would not fall within the scope of the ILC Articles, it does
not mean that the violation could somehow be justified; it nevertheless falls within the protection of
the ECHR. ECHR Article 3 protects against torture. This thesis came to the conclusion that whether
a foreign child marriage is recognized or not, the forum State may in both circumstances violate
Article 3 of the Convention. While child marriage may in certain circumstances lead to torture or illtreatment, recognition of such marriage could thus mean that the recognizing State fails to protect the
child bride from violations under Article 3. On the other hand, the ECtHR has applied Article 3 in a
very broad manner and applied it for example on poor living-conditions too. If a child brides’ family
reunification application is denied because of non-recognition of her marriage and the child is thus
left in severe conditions in the middle of human rights violations that could fall within the protection
of Article 3, the State that refused to recognize the marriage could be held liable for failing to protect
the child from violations under Article 3. Whether a child marriage constitutes torture and its
recognition could thus be regarded as a violation of Article 3, or whether the conditions where the
child brides may be left because of a denied family reunification application are severe enough for
falling within the protection of the Article must be considered on a case-by-case basis. It can be
argued that in many child marriages the rights under Article 3 are at stake but while not all child
marriages constitute torture or ill-treatment, an absolute line between the recognition and nonrecognition of child marriages concluded abroad cannot be drawn on the grounds of possible
violations under Article 3.
Article 8 protecting the right to respect for private and family life was the other conflicting norm
discussed in this study through the protection it provides for “family life.” For a marriage to fall

58

within the protection of Article 8, it must be a legal marriage, or the union must amount to a de facto
relationship. While a child marriage is not a legal marriage in Europe per se, courts have to consider
if the union between a child bride and the husband amounts to a de facto relationship by taking into
consideration several factors in the union, like the length of the relationship and the level of
dependency between the spouses. If a child marriage amounts to a de facto relationship, a child
marriage falls within the protection of Article 8 even if the marriage was not legal and would thus be
protected from arbitrary interference by State authorities; a non-recognition of a child marriage that
constitutes a de facto relationship would violate Article 8 of the ECHR. Moreover, because of the
positive obligations of States, Article 8 also imposes and obligation on States to secure family life
and to develop existing family life together, namely, to take all necessary steps for reuniting families.
The positive obligation may oblige States in certain situations to allow spouses of a child marriage
on its territory if it is the most appropriate mean for developing their family life together. An accepted
family reunification application would thus mean that the child marriage must be recognized.
Therefore, according to States obligations under Article 8, a total ban on the non-recognition of child
marriages would not be compatible with international human rights law. As with respect to Article 3,
also the right to family life requires that each child marriage is considered on an individual basis.
Article 3 of the Convention is a peremptory norm of international law from which derogation is not
permitted. However, Article 8 is not an absolute right and may be limited in certain circumstances. It
can be limited in times of emergency and war, but the Article itself indicates an explicit limitation as
well. The right to family life may be limited by State authorities when it is necessary in a democratic
society for achieving a legitimate aim which, in this study has been regarded as being the prevention
of child marriages. When assessing the necessity of a limitation to the right to family life, the interests
of the State and the individual must be balanced and the relevant question at this point would be
whether an absolute ban on the non-recognition of foreign child marriages is a reasonable mean for
preventing child marriages. This thesis argued that a total ban on the recognition of child marriages
is not a reasonable mean for preventing child marriages as it most likely obstructs also some underage
marriages that are concluded with consent of the bride and are not violating the rights of the child. It
must be reminded at this point that not all underage marriages are forced marriages or do not amount
as human rights violations, they may as well be concluded in an acceptable manner as international
law permits underage marriages in exceptional situations as long as the spouses are at least 16 years
old. Nevertheless, when a child bride migrates to Europe, the marriage has already been concluded
abroad and the receiving State cannot prevent it anymore, it can rather prevent it from landing within
European borders.

59

Accordingly, an absolute ban on the non-recognition of child marriages cannot deter such marriages,
so the right should not be limited for the interests of the State. However, the right to family life may
be restricted “for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others”,373 namely, for the protection of
the child brides. If the child bride is evidently in need of protection, the right to family life can be
limited. However, the need for protection must be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into
consideration all facts of the case and therefore, a total ban on child marriages cannot be seen
reasonable.
For assessing the necessity of a restriction to a right, States have also been given a margin of
appreciation to assess what really is necessary in their society. Even if States enjoy a wide margin of
appreciation with respect to family life and marriages, the margin of appreciation is not unlimited. A
total ban on the recognition of child marriages cannot be defended with the margin of appreciation
doctrine as “general, automatic and indiscriminate” restrictions fall outside States margin of
appreciation.374 A total ban on child marriages can without doubt be seen as an automatic and
indiscriminate restriction while it automatically applies on all married couples where at least one of
the spouses is under the age of 18 and affects the family life of immigrants only. Furthermore,
whenever States treat persons in a similar situation differently, they must have a reasonable objective
to justify such treatment. The principle of non-discrimination is therefore a principle that must be
considered at all times when the rights of the child brides are at stake.
Yet another principle that may be used to legitimize actions regarding child marriages concluded
abroad is the principle of ordre public. Even if foreign rights should primarily be enforced, ordre
public constitutes and exception on this matter. A domestic court may refuse to enforce a foreign
marriage if the marriage is contrary to the public morals and policies of the forum State. However,
this principle is applied by domestic courts and thus cannot justify absolute bans on the recognition
of child marriages. Courts consider each situation on a case-by-case basis and if the child marriage
considered is in conflict with the forum States’ public policy and morals, the principle can justify the
non-recognition of a foreign child marriage.
While Article 8 of the Convention may be limited under the principles of proportionality, margin of
appreciation or ordre public, limitations on Article 3 are never permitted. However, while both the
recognition as well as the non-recognition of a foreign child marriage may expose the child to torture
or ill-treatment, States can face a situation where they have to choose between the two bad scenarios.
373
374

ECHR, Art. 8.
Hirst v. the United Kingdom (2005) para. 82.

60

Where there is a conflict of laws concerning children, or a State has to balance between two
fundamental norms, there is one principle that should guide all decisions concerning children: the
standard of the best interests of a child. All instruments providing exceptions on matters concerning
child marriages urge States to take into consideration the best interests of the child. In a situation
where Article 3 is at stake, the State must seek for the best option for the child bride and give the
child bride the possibility to express her own views. The child brides’ own views are relevant as long
as she is mature enough for understanding the issue at stake and can express her views freely. A child
marriage, even if it is a fundamental human rights violation, may be for the best interests of the child
if it enables other rights the child would not otherwise claim, or if the child is simply dependent of
the husband and his economic support. Child marriages are rarely similar in their nature and
consequences and all child brides come from different backgrounds, so each union should be
considered with the best interests of the child bride in mind.
All in all, the recognition of child marriages concluded abroad is a complex issue and there is no
straightforward answer to the question whether such marriages should be recognized in EU Member
States or not. There is no absolute obligation of non-recognition and in fact, an absolute ban on foreign
child marriages is not compatible with international human rights obligations of States while it
violates the child brides’ right to family life and may expose her to torture or ill-treatment. The
conclusions of this thesis and thus the answer to the primary research question can be concluded as
follows: All States are obliged to refrain from recognizing marriages that are concluded under the age
of 16 and marriages that fall within the scope of the ILC Articles. All other marriages should be
considered on a case-by-case basis taking into consideration the principle of proportionality, margin
of appreciation, ordre public and most importantly, the best interests of the child.

61

BIBLIOGRAPHY
LITERATURE
Arai-Takahashi, Yutaka, ‘The Margin of Appreciation Doctrine and the Principle of Proportionality
in the Jurisprudence of the ECHR’, Intersentia, 2002.
Been, Claire, ‘The Standard of the Best Interest of the Child: A Western Tradition in International
and Comparative Law,’ International Studies in Human Rights vol. 72, Martinus Nijhoff Publishers,
the Hague/London/New York, 2002.
Bogdan, Michael, ‘Some Critical Comments on the New Swedish Rules on Non-Recognition of
Foreign Child Marriages’, Journal of Private International Law, Volume 15, 2019.
Bonnitcha Jonathan and McCorquodale Robert, ‘The Concept of ’Due Diligence’ in the UN Guiding
Principles on Business and Human Rights’, The European Journal of International Law Vol. 28 no.
3, Oxford University Press, 2017.
Chapman, Audrey R., ‘Core Obligations: Building a Framework for Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights’, Intersentia, 2002.
Chetail, Vincent, ‘International Migration Law’, Oxford University Press, 2019.
Commission for the European Communities, Report from the Commission to the European
Parliament and the Council, On the Application of Directive 2003/86/EC on the Right to Family
Reunification, Brussels, October 2008.
Council of Europe, GREVIO, ‘Baseline Evaluation Report: Turkey’, Strasbourg, 2018.
Council of Europe: European Convention on Human Rights, Art. 8, European Court of Human
Rights, ‘Guide on Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights, Right to Respect for
private and family life, home and correspondence’, 2019.

Dlugosz, Joanna, ‘The Principle of Proportionality in European Union Law as a Prerequisite for
Penalization’, Adam Mickiewicz University Law Review, 2017.
ECHR: ‘Guide on Article 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights – Obligation to respect
human rights – Concepts of “jurisdiction” and imputability’, 2019.
El Arab, R and Sagbakken, M., ‘Child Marriage of Female Syrian Refugees in Jordan and Lebanon:
a literature review’, Global Health Action 2019, Vol 12, 1585709, 2018.
Erlings, Esther, ‘The Government did not refer to it: SAS v. France and ordre public at the European
Court of Human Rights’, Melbourne Journal of International Law, vol. 16, 2015.
European Commission of Human Rights, ‘Preparatory Work on Article 3 of the European Convention
of Human Rights’, by the Secretariat of the Commission, Strasbourg 1956.
European Parliamentary Research Service, ‘Child marriage: Still too many’, PE 623.526-June, 2018
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights: ‘Handbook on European Law Relating to the
Rights of the Child’, Council of Europe, 2015.
Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe on the Convention on Preventing and Combating
Violence Against Women and Domestic Violence, Council of Europe Treaty Series, Istanbul, 2011.
Freeman, Michael D. A, ‘A Commentary on the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the
Child’, Article 3: the Best Interests of the Child, Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, Leiden/Boston, 2007.
Gerards, Janneke, ‘Margin of Appreciation and Incrementalism in the Case Law of the European
Court of Human Rights’, Human Rights Law Review, 18, pp. 495-515, 2018.
Heijer, Maarten, ’Europe and Extraterritorial Asylum’, Studies in International Law, Hart Publishing,
2012.

Henrard, Kristin, ‘A Critical Analysis of the Margin of Appreciation Doctrine of the ECtHR, with
Special Attention to Rights of a Traditional Way of Life and a Healthy Environment: A Call for an
Alternative Model of International Supervision’, The Yearbook of Polar Law IV, pp. 365–413, 2012.
International Law Commission, ‘Peremptory norms of general international law’, A/73/10, Draft
Conclusion 18.
Kilkelly, Ursula, ‘The Child and the European Convention on Human Rights’, Second Edition, Taylor
and Francis, 2017.
Lane, Lottie, ’The Horizontal Effect of International Human Rights Law in Practice: A Comparative
Analysis of the General Comments and the Jurisprudence of Selected United Nations Human Rights
Treaty Monitoring Bodies’ European Journal of Comparative Law and Governance 5, pp. 5-88, 2018.
Lansdown, Gerison, ‘Every Child’s Right to be Heard: a Resource Guide on the UN Committee on
the Rights of the Child on General Comment No. 12. Unicef 2011.
Long, Debra, ’Guide to Jurisprudence on Torture and Ill-Treatment’, Article 3 of the European
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights, Geneva, June 2002.
McGoldrick, Dominik, ‘A defence of the Margin of Appreciation and an Argument for its Application
by the Human Rights Committee’, International and Comparative Law Quarterly 65(1):1-40, 2015.
Mikkola, Tuulikki, ’Vieraan valtion oikeuden soveltamisen torjuminen ja ordre public’, Edilex
2016/12, 2016.
Murphy, Kent, ‘The Traditional View of Public Policy and Ordre Public in Private International law’,
Georgia Journal of International and Comparative Law, Vol. 11, No. 3, 1981.
Orakhelashvili, Alexander, ‘Peremptory Norms in International Law’, Oxford Monographs in
International Law, 2006.
Prence, Mirgen, ’Torture as Jus Cogens norm’, Acta Universitatis Danubius, Juridica, Vol. 7, No. 2,
2011.

Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its fifty-third session, 23 April – 1 June
and 2 July – 10 August 2001, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-sixth session,
Supplement No. 10, Extract from the Yearbook of the International Law Commission, vol. 2, 2001.
Roagna, Ivana, ‘Protecting the Right to Respect for Private and Family Life under the European
Convention on Human Rights’, Council of Europe human rights handbooks, Strasbourg, 2012.
Schwebel, Stephen M., ’The Effect of Resolutions of the U.N General Assembly on Customary
International Law’, Proceedings of the Annual Meeting (American Society of International Law) Vol.
73 (April 26-28, 1979), Cambridge University Press, 1979.
Sweeney, James, A., ‘Margins of Appreciation: Cultural Relativity and the European Court of Human
Rights in the Post-Cold war era’, The International and Comparative Law Quarterly
The European Commission, ‘Approaches to Unaccompanied Minors Following Status Determination
in the EU plus Norway’, Synthesis Report for the EMN Study, July 2018.
The UN Refugee Agency: ‘Guidelines on Determining the Best Interests on the Child’, May 2008
Turner, Catherine, ‘Out of the Shadows – Child marriage and slavery’, Anti-Slavery International,
April 2013.
UNFPA’s Action for Adolescent Girls, ‘Building the Health, Social and Economic Assets of
Adolescent Girls, Especially those at risk of Child Marriage’, Programme Document, 2014.
Vijapur, P. Abdulrahim, ‘The principle of non-discrimination in international human rights law: the
meaning and scope of the concept’, Research Article, July 1993
Vol. 54, No. 2, pp. 459-474, Cambridge University press, 2005.
INTERNATIONAL TREATIES AND STATUES
1945

Statue of the International Court of Justice, signed in 1945, entry into force in 1945.

1948

Universal Declaration of Human Rights, signed in 1948, entry into force in 1948.

1950

European Convention on Human Rights, signed in 1950, entry into force in 1953.

1956

Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave Trade, and
Institutions and Practices similar to Slavery, adopted by Economic and Social Council
in September 1956, entry into force in April 1957.

1962

Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage and Registration of
Marriages, opened for signature and ratification by General Assembly in November
1962, entry into force in December 1964.

1969

Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, signed at Vienna in May 1969, entry into
force in January 1980.

1979

Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, a
dopted by General Assembly in December 1979, entry into force in September 1981.

1984

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment, adopted by General Assembly in December 1984, entry into force in June
1987.

1989

Convention on the Rights of the Child, adopted by General Assembly in November
1989, entry into force in September 1990.

1992

Treaty on European Union (The Maastricht Treaty), signed in February 1992, entry into
force in November 1993.

2000

Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2000/C 364/01), signed October
2000, entry into force in December 2000.

2011

Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence Against Women
and Domestic Violence, ‘Istanbul Convention’, signed in 2011, entry into force in 2014.

DECLARATIONS,

RESOLUTIONS,

RECOMMENDATIONS

AND

GENERAL

COMMENTS
2001

Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, annex to General Assembly
resolution 56/83 of 12 December 2001, and corrected by document A/56/49(Vol.
I)/Corr.4.

2001

Draft articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, with
commentaries, (A/56/10) 2001.

2003

Directive on the Right to Family Reunification, Council Directive 2003/86/EC of 22
September 2003.

2003

UN Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC), General comment No. 4 (2003):
‘Adolescent Health and Development in the Context of the Convention on the Rights
of the Child’, 1 July 2003, UN Doc. CRC/GC/2003/4.

2005

Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, ‘Forced marriages and child
marriages’, resolution 1468 (2005).

2008

Committee Against Torture: ‘Convention Against Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or
Degrading Treatment or Punishment’, General Comment No. 2, January 2008, UN Doc.
CAT/C/GC/2.

2009

Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, General Comment No. 20, ‘NonDiscrimination in economic, social and cultural rights (art. 2, para. 2, of the
International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights)’ July, 2009, UN Doc.
E/C.12/GC/2.

2010

Concluding Observations of the Committee against Torture – Yemen, 25 May 2010,
UN Doc. CAT/C/YEM/CO/2/Rev.1,31.

2013

Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, ‘General
recommendation on Article 16 of the Convention on the Elimination of all forms of
Discrimination against Women’, February 2013, CEDAW/C/GC/29.

2014

Concluding Observations of the Committee against Torture – Sierra Leone, 20 June
2014, UN Doc. CAT/C/SLE/CO/1,16.

2014

UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women/Committee on the
Rights of the Child ‘Joint General Comment No 31 of the CEDAW / No 18 of the CRC
on harmful practices’ (2014) UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/31-CRC/C/GC/18,7.

2014

Report of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights,
Preventing and eliminating child, early and forced marriage, Human Rights Council,
Twenty-sixth session, Agenda items 2 and 3, April 2014, UN Doc. A/HRC/26/22.

2016

UN General Assembly, Human Rights Council, Thirty-first session, Agenda item 3,
‘Report of the Special Rapporteur on Torture and other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment’, January 2016, UN Doc. A/HRC/31/57.

2017

Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, General
recommendation No. 35 on Gender-Based Violence Against Women, updating general
recommendation No. 19, July 2017, CEDAW C/GC/35.

2018

Hallituksen Esitys HE 211/2018 vp.

2018

Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, ‘Forced marriage in Europe’,
resolution 2233 (2018).

2019

European Convention, Art. 8, European Court of Human Rights, ‘Guide on Article 8 of
the European Convention on Human Rights, Right to Respect for private and family
life, home and correspondence’, Council of Europe, 2019.

NATIONAL LEGISLATION
1929

The Finnish Marriage Act 234/1929, Amendments up to 1226/2001 incl.

1951

Marriage and Divorce (Muslim) 13 of 1951, Sri Lanka.

INTERNET SOURCES
Actionaid: ‘Child Marriage’. Available from: https://www.actionaid.org.uk/about-us/what-wedo/violence-against-women-and-girls/child-marriage (23.4.2020).
Aljazeera: ‘Married at 14: Syria’s Refugee Child Brides’, June 2018. Available from:
https://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/talktojazeera/inthefield/2018/06/married-14-syria-refugeechild-brides-180630102118158.html (15.11.2019).
Council of Europe: The Margin of Appreciation. Available from:
https://www.coe.int/t/dghl/cooperation/lisbonnetwork/themis/echr/paper2_en.asp (12.2.2020).
DW: ‘Child marriages in Germany present a challenge for authorities’. Available from:
https://www.dw.com/en/child-marriages-in-germany-present-a-challenge-for-authorities/a50540043 (21.11.2019).
DW: ‘German cabinet proposes national ban on child marriages’. Available from:
https://www.dw.com/en/german-cabinet-proposes-national-ban-on-child-marriages/a-38306852
(21.11.2019).
European Commission, Migration and Home Affairs, ‘Family reunification’. Available from:
https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/legal-migration/family-reunification_en
(17.11.2019).
European Parliament: ‘Asylum and Migration in the EU: facts and figures, July 2019. Available from:
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/headlines/society/20170629STO78630/asylum-andmigration-in-the-eu-facts-and-figures (15.12.2019).

European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights: ‘Marriage with consent of a public authority and/or
public figure’. Available from: https://fra.europa.eu/en/publication/2017/mapping-minimum-agerequirements/marriage-age (12.11.2019).
Girls

Not

Brides:

‘Child

Marriages

Around

the

World’

Available

from:

https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/where-does-it-happen/ (29.2.2020).
Girls

Not

Brides:

‘Germany’.

Available

from:

https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/child-

marriage/germany/ (21.11.2019).
Girls Not Brides: ‘Iran’ Available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/child-marriage/iran/
(27.03.2020).
Girls Not Brides: ‘Where does it happen?’ Available from: https://www.girlsnotbrides.org/wheredoes-it-happen/atlas (25.3.2020).
Global Citizen, ‘Child Marriage: What You Need To Know And How You Can Help End It’, by
Daniele

Selby

and

Carmen

Singer,

2019.

Available

from:

https://www.globalcitizen.org/en/content/child-marriage-brides-india-niger-syria/ (20.4.2020).
Government

of

the

Netherlands:

‘Tackling

Forced

Marriage’.

Available

from:

https://www.government.nl/topics/forced-marriage/tackling-forced-marriage (21.11.2019)
Plan

International:

‘Child

marriages

creeping

into

Europe’.

Available

from:

https://www.plan.ie/stories/child-marriage-europe/ (17.11.2019).
Reuters: ’Child bride refugees spur Sweden to tighten marriage law’, October 2018. Available from:
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-sweden-childmarriage-law/child-bride-refugees-spur-sweden-totighten-marriage-law-idUSKCN1MY01J (15.11.2019).
Sweden:

Parliament

limits

Recognition

of

Child

Marriages.

Available

https://www.loc.gov/law/foreign-news/article/sweden-parliament-limits-recognition-of-childmarriages/ (21.11.2019).

from:

The Local: ‘Denmark bans marriage for under.18s’, January 2017. Available from:
https://www.thelocal.dk/20170119/denmark-bans-marriage-for-under-18s (21.11.2019).
Turun Sanomat: ’Lapsiavioliitot kielletään Suomessa – Oikeusministeri: ”Lapsien tulee saada olla
lapsia

täysi-ikäisyyteen

asti”,

February

2019,

Available

from:

https://www.ts.fi/uutiset/kotimaa/4487764/Lapsiavioliitot+kielletaan+Suomessa+Oikeusministeri+
Lapsien+tulee+saada+olla+lapsia+taysiikaisyyteen+asti (21.11.2019).
UN Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner, ‘Child, early and forced marriage, including in
humanitarian

settings’,

Available

from:

https://www.ohchr.org/en/issues/women/wrgs/pages/childmarriage.aspx (25.3.2020).
UN Sustainable Development Goals Knowledge Platform, ‘Sustainable Development Goal 5:
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls’
Available from: https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdg5 (9.11.2019).
UN Women: ‘Convention on the Elimination on All Forms of Discrimination Against Women’,
reservations to CEDAW, Available from:
https://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/cedaw/reservations.htm (28.03.2020).
UN

introduction

on

the

Universal

Declaration

on

Human

Rights,

Available

from:

https://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ (9.11.2019).
UNICEF Data: ‘Child marriage’, October 2019. Available from: https://data.unicef.org/topic/childprotection/child-marriage/ (29.2.2020).
UNICEF, ’Child marriage is a violation of human rights, but is all too common’, October 2019.
Available from: https://data.unicef.org/topic/child-protection/child-marriage/ (8.11.2019).
United

Nations

Population

Fund,

topics

–

‘Child

marriage’.

Available

from:

https://www.unfpa.org/child-marriage (8.11.2019).
United Nations Treaty Collections, ‘Convention on Consent to Marriage, Minimum Age for Marriage
and

Registration

of

Marriages’,

status

as

at:

15-12-2019,

Available

from:

https://treaties.un.org/Pages/ViewDetails.aspx?src=TREATY&mtdsg_no=XVI3&chapter=16&lang=en (15.12.2019).
CASE LAW
1918

Loucks et al. v. Standard Oil Co. of New York, 224 N.Y. 99, 120 N.E. 198.

1970

Barcelona Traction Case (Belgium v. Spain), International Court of Justice, Second
Phase, February 1970.

1976

Handyside v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 5493/72 (ECTHR 07/12/1976).

1983

Silver and others v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 5947/72; 6205/73; 7052/75; 7061/75;
7107/75; 7113/75; 7136/75, (ECtHR 25/03/1983).

1985

Abdulaziz, Cabales and Balkandali v. The United Kingdom, app. no. 9214/80;
9473/81; 9474/81 (ECtHR 28/05/1985).

1986

James and others v. the United Kingdom, app.no. 8793/79 (ECtHR 21/02/1986).

1990

Kruslin v. France, app. no. 11801/85 (ECtHR 24/04/1990).

1991

The Observer and The Guardian v. the United Kingdom, app.no. 13585/88 (ECtHR
26/11/1991).

1996

Loizidou v. Turkey, app. no. 15318/89 (ECtHR 18/12/1996).

1997

X, Y and Z v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 75/1995/581/667 (ECtHR 22/04/1997).

1998

Berrehab v. The Netherlands, app. no 10730/84 (ECtHR 21/06/1988).

1998

Osman v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 87/1997/871/1083 (ECtHR 28/10/1998).

2000

Kudła v. Poland, app. no 30210/96 (ECtHR 26/10/2000).

2001

Z and Others v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 29392/95 (ECtHR 10/05/2001).

2002

Al-Nashif v. Bulgaria, app. no. 50963/99 (ECtHR 20/06/2002).

2002

A v. The United Kingdom, app. no. 35373/97 (ECtHR 17/12/2002).

2003

A.T v. Hungary, views of CEDAW Committee under Article 7, paragraph 3, of the
Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination
against Women, Communication no. 2/2003.

2003

Mehemi v. France, app. no. 53470/99 (ECtHR 10/04/2003).

2003

Slivenko v. Latvia, app. no. 48321/99 (ECtHR 09/10/2003).

2005

Haydarie v. the Netherlands, app. no. 8876/04 (ECtHR 20/10/2005).

2005

5.12.2005/3219 KHO:2005:87.

2005

Fatma Yildirim v. Austria, views of CEDAW Committee under Article 7, paragraph 3,
of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination against Women, Communication no. 6/2005.

2005

Moldovan and others v. Romania (no. 2) 12.07.05, ECHtR, press release issued by the
Registrar, on app. no. 41138/98 and 64320/01.

2005

Moldovan and Others v. Romania, app. no. 41138/98; 64320/01 (ECtHR 12/07/2005).

2005

Tuquabo-Tekle and Others v. the Netherlands, app. no. 60665/00 (ECtHR 01/12/2005).

2005

Hirst v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 74025/01 (ECtHR 06/10/2005).

2006

Rodrigues Da Silva and Hoogkamer v. The Netherlands, app no. 50435/99 (ECtHR
31/01/2006).

2009

Opuz v. Turkey, app. no. 33401/02 (ECtHR 09/06/2009).

2010

Serife Yigit v. Turkey, app. no. 3976/05 (ECtHR 02/11/2010).

2011

R (on the application of Quila and another) (FC) (Respondents) v Secretary of State for
the Home Department (Appellant); R (on the application of Bibi and another) (FC)
(Respondents) v Secretary of State for the Home Department (Appellant) app no UKSC
45, 2011.

2011

Z and Others v The United Kingdom, app. no 29392/95 (ECtHR 10/05/2001).

2011

Al-Skeini and others v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 55721/07 (ECtHR 07/07/2011).

2011

M.S.S v. Belgium and Greece, app. no. 30696/09 (ECtHR 21/01/2011).

2011

Bah v. the United Kingdom, app. no. 56328/97 (ECtHR 27/09/2011).

2013

Valiuliene v. Lithuania, app. no. 33234/07 (ECtHR 26/03/2013).

2014

S.A.S. v. France, app. no. 43835/11 (ECtHR 01/07/2014).

2014

Mugenzi v. France, app. no. 52701/09 (ECtHR 10/07/2014).

2014

Berisha v. Switzerland, app. no. 948/12 (ECtHR 30/07/2014).

2014

Tarakhel v. Switzerland, app. no. 29217/12 (ECtHR 04/11/2014).

2015

Z.H and R.H v. Switzerland, app. no. 60119/12 (ECtHR 08/12/2015).

2015

V.M. and others v. Belgium, app. no. 60125/11 (ECtHR 07/07/2015).

2019

V.D. and others v. Russia, app. no. 72931/10 (ECtHR 09/04/2019).

