Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Analytical support in esports –
Creating a new dimension using eye-tracking analysis

Master's thesis in Information Systems
Supervisor: Prof. Anssi Öörni
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi
Åbo 2020

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Subject: Information Systems
Author: Benjamin Kähärä
Title: Analytical support in esports –
Creating a new dimension using eye-tracking analysis
Supervisor: Anssi Öörni
Abstract: The rise of esports in both viewership and the number of active
players has sparked debate when comparing electronic sports to regular, in real-life
sports. The debate between the two is mainly discussions regarding if esports can
be regarded as a real sport or not. There are numerous studies and articles written
about that subject, but this thesis will focus on blending esports and real-life sports
together to find out if the same methods can be transferred from the real-life
version to the electronic version of the sport. The biggest (in terms of viewers and
active players) games in esports are, at the time of writing this thesis, of a certain
genre that does not have a corresponding version in real-life.
For this thesis, a sport that can be found in the esports scene as well as in reallife has been chosen. The game NHL, which is the electronic version of icehockey made by the company EA, is used for multiple reasons. The first reason is
the smaller size of the NHL community in esports compared to the bigger games.
The second reason is that due to the small community size, there are not many
researches conducted about the electronic version of the sport.
A foundation for the thesis is to research through literature what kind of
analytical processes that can be found in both esports and in real-life hockey. Due
to the small size of research done about the electronic version of the sport,
analytical processes will be adopted from the real-life version of the sport.
For more detailed research regarding analytics in esports, the thesis will include
a data-gathering section where an eye-tracker is used. This is done to have access
to a more diverse set of data from multiple games and game genres. Is the use of
an eye-tracker a compliment to the existing analytical processes and data
collecting or are the results not bringing in enough value compared to the cost of
the tracker and the work that is put into the use of it. The data that is gathered from
the eye-tracker while playing the electronic version of the game will be analysed
separately from the data that is gathered using the adopted analytical processes
from the real-life version. After the analysis is done for both parts, they can then
be compared and analysed further to answer the main research question.

Keywords: esports, analytics, eye-tracking, gaming
Date: 29.04.2020
Pages: 65

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Introduction

2

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
1.1 Background

2

1.2 Statement of the problem

3

1.3 Relevance to degree

3

1.4 Motivation

3

1.5 Purpose of the study

4

1.6 Research questions

5

1.7 Hypothesis

6

1.8 Procedure and Methodology

6

1.9 Structure of the thesis

7

2. Literature Review and Theory

9

2.1 Analytics

9

2.2 Game analytics

9

2.2.1 Game analytics on an individual level

11

2.2.2 Game analytics on a team level

11

2.2.3 Analytics in real-life on an individual and team level

12

2.2.4 Big data, AI and machine learning for analytics

15

2.3 Ice hockey in real life and electronic form
2.3.1 Differences between the electronic and real-life version of hockey
2.4 Visual Attention and Eye movements

16
16
17

2.4.1 Models of eye movements

18

2.4.2 Eye movement analysis

19

2.4.3 Eye-tracking techniques

21

2.5 Use of eye-tracking in various fields

22

2.6 Eye-tracking as an analytical tool in esports

23

2.7 Benefits of Decision Support Systems

24

2.8 Benefits of Knowledge Management

24

2.9 Physiological and psychological aspects

25

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
2.9.1 Investments in esports
3. Methodology
3.1 Research methodology

26
29
29

3.1.1 Gameplay data collecting

29

3.1.2 Eye-tracking data collecting

30

3.2 Data collecting procedure
3.2.1 Eye-tracking data collecting plan
3.3 Limitations of the study

30
31
33

3.3.1 Limitations of the experiment

33

3.3.2 Limitations of theory and earlier research

33

4. Analysis and interpretation

34

4.1 Analysis of collected data

34

4.1.1 Defensive scenarios

34

4.1.2 Offensive scenarios

37

4.1.3 Comparison of scenarios

39

4.1.4 Heatmap analysis

40

5. Discussion

42

5.1 What analytical tools does esports use and what does the process include?
42
5.2 What is eye-tracking, and what does it offer to esports?

43

5.3 How is an eye-tracking test conducted?

45

5.4 Can eye-tracking be a complement to current analytics in esports?

46

6. Conclusion

48

7. Swedish summary - Kan ögonspårning användas som ett komplement till
existerande analytiska processer inom e-sport?

49

7.1 Inledning

49

7.2 Syfte och ämnesmotivering

49

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
7.3 presentation av metod och material

50

7.4 Teori och tidigare undersökningar

50

7.4.1 Analytiska processer inom e-sport

50

7.4.2 Visuell uppmärksamhet och ögonrörelser

50

7.4.3 Psykologiska och fysiologiska aspekterna inom ögonspårning och esport

51

7.5 Redogörelse för undersökningen

52

7.5.1 Experimentets uppbyggnad

52

7.5.2 Analys och preliminära resultat

52

7.6 Resultat och Diskussion

53

7.6.1 Vilka analytiska hjälpmedel används för tillfället i e-sport och hur ser
den analytiska processen ut?

53

7.6.2 Vad går ögonspårning ut på och vad kan det bidra med till e-sport? 53
7.6.3 Hur genomförs ett experiment inom ögonspårning?

54

7.6.4 Kan ögonspårning fungera som ett komplement till nuvarande
analytiska processer?
8. Reference list

55
56

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

LIST OF ACRONYMS

K/D - Kills / Deaths ratio
PS2 - PlayStation 2
NHL - National Hockey League
CS:GO - Counter-Strike : Global Offensive, a first-person shooter
DOTA 2 - Defense of the Ancients, a multiplayer online battle arena
IEM - Intel Extreme Masters
GWC - Gaming World Championships
BR - Battle Royale
EA - Electronic Arts
AI - Artificial Intelligence

1

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

1 Introduction
The first chapter of the thesis will deliver diverse sections to pave the way for the rest
of the thesis. In this chapter, the reader can find information about the problem this
thesis tries to offer a new point of view for. Along with a statement of the problem,
the author delivers reasoning to why this problem is relevant and needs addressing.
At the end of the chapter, the research questions are introduced along with a
hypothesis. Lastly, the procedure and methodology for answering the research
questions are announced.

1.1 Background
Esports has seen a huge growth in individual players as well as in the size of the
market share when it comes to viewership (Mangeloja, 2019). Esports provides
information about games and players, and this information comes for the most part in
numerical data, displaying perhaps how a pro player's K/D ratio in a first-person
shooter has evolved. With an increase in popularity, some websites also gather data
for someone who plays just for leisure, someone that is not considered a pro player in
a pro-level team. Through the use of this data, it becomes possible to compare how a
player has improved over time while playing a particular game or a specific game
mode itself. As stated before, the data found on websites are often of a numerical
type, only giving insights on how one's in-game statistics have developed.
When it comes to eye-tracking, which has been around for a long time, but not
used to a large extent in the esports field, neither by professionals or players only
playing for leisure. The lack of usage might be due to the hefty price tag of the eyetracking hardware. With technology evolving and getting cheaper, we could see an
increase in the use of high-tier eye-tracking hardware and software to improve one's
game by doing an eye-tracking analysis.

1.2 Statement of the problem
2

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
It is a known fact that organisations in esports use software and data gathering tools
to analyse their opponents, their team and their individuals. How could eye-tracking
analysis complement this? What can we find out by running an experiment using an
eye tracker and is it necessary to use eye-tracking at all or can we obtain the same
results by comparing numerical data with and without the analytical data form the
eye-tracking test? Another problem is evaluating a prospect player's abilities only by
looking at their gameplay. I also want to find out how eye-tracking could be used in
this case as analytical support when recruiting new players to organisations and
teams.

1.3 Relevance to degree
This thesis and research are relevant to my degree through analytical work. Whether
it is a big company or an esports organisation and it's individuals whose processes we
want to make more effective, the process would look pretty similar. Using intelligent
technology management and information systems makes it possible to obtain the
most optimal and profitable solutions for the company or the organisation to thrive in
their field of business.

1.4 Motivation
The motivation on an individual level comes from the author's love for gaming,
which has been a part of their life since their first console, which was the PS2. Since
then, the author has been gaming and following the development of consoles,
watching the games look more realistic than ever. Following other gamers and
content creators on twitch.tv and youtube came along a bit later, but the author feels
like spectating esports via the internet has come to stay on a global level. This level
of interest on behalf of the author led them to write about esports for their bachelor's
thesis, which answered the controversial question; can esports be considered a real
sport?

3

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
This time the author is taking a more analytical approach at researching esports by
matching it up with eye-tracking, which is something the author does not know that
much about down to the details. The main idea of bringing eye tracking into the
study came from a university course. Testing an eye-tracker during that course
sparked the whole idea for this thesis.
The third point of motivation is that when researching esports, especially the
scene surrounding NHL esports, there is not that much research regarding the field,
much less when it comes to eye-tracking studies related to gaming. Ultimately, that is
why this is something relevant, needed and interesting for research and for the
esports community.

1.5 Purpose of the study
The purpose of this study is to acquire a broader understanding of how analytics
work in eSports from different points of view. What analytics do teams pay attention
to and what software do they use? How does this research differ between a coach and
an individual player? Also, how does the process look when a player does not have a
coach or teammates?
The data gathering for this thesis focuses on the game NHL 20, an electronic
version of the real-life game ice hockey. At the time of writing this thesis, the
community and the esports scene around the game are much smaller than
comparatively the community and scene around games like CS:GO or DOTA 2. A
great example can be seen in the number of peak viewers, shown in Figure 1a and
Figure 1b, during the grand final of the largest tournament for the respective games
in 2019. Due to the small size of the esports scene of NHL 20 and the NHL series in
general, most literature research regarding analytics in esports is going to be about
the more prominent games mentioned earlier. As the NHL game franchise bases on a
real sport, there is also available a dimension of comparing how analytics is used in
real life and the electronic version, bringing up differences and similarities.

4

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 1a. Peak viewership during the grand final at IEM Katowice 2019 CS:GO

Major

tournament.

Source:

https://escharts.com/tournaments/nhl/nhl-

gaming-world-championship-2019.

Figure 1b. Peak viewership during the grand final at GWC 2019 – NHL 19
tournament.

Source:

https://escharts.com/tournaments/nhl/nhl-gaming-world-

championship-2019.

1.6 Research questions
I.
II.

What analytical tools does esports use and what does the process include?
What is eye-tracking, and what does it offer to esports?

III.

How is an eye-tracking test conducted?

IV.

Can eye-tracking analysis be a complement to current analytics in esports?

The fourth and last research question is what the aim of this thesis will be about,
the preliminary research questions aim to guide this thesis in discovering whether or
not the previous question regarding eye tracking as a complement to present
5

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
analytics could be true or false. For the fourth question, a hypothesis is stated on the
basis of beliefs regarding the matter before beginning the research on the subject.

1.7 Hypothesis
As stated before I will declare a hypothesis regarding the last research question.
Taking into consideration my knowledge of the esports scene, the community and
my gaming career, I would like to assume that eye tracking can be a beneficial
complement to current analytics used in esports. In my opinion, eye-tracking data
and analytics can help organisations in situations when recruiting new players.
Acknowledging their abilities and predicting whether or not the player in question
could be a prospect in the pro-scene according to the data gathered during eyetracking tests.
Eye-tracking can also be used by teams to find out what could be going wrong or
right for them in a competitive match. Finding out flaws or flawless executions ingame can help them move forward with polishing their tactics and in the future,
execute plays flawlessly together as a well-trained unit.

1.8 Procedure and Methodology
To answer the research question, I need to research what the analytical part of esports
looks like at the moment from an organisation and the community's point of view.
For this, I will study what statistics different websites offer for the community as
tools to give the viewers a more analytical approach to viewing the game. For the
eye-tracking part, I will do comprehensive research on what it is and what history
there is behind it. I will then analyse how different aspects from its current use could
be beneficial in the esports scene. Attaining a detailed and justified answer on
whether it is profitable to use eye-tracking in esports, I will conduct a small-scale
data gathering using an eye-tracker which can then be analysed and compared with
normal gameplay data.
6

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
To conclude the methodology part, the thesis will be a mixed-methodology with
main focus on literature review and some experimental work in regard to creating
new data.

1.9 Structure of the thesis

The structure of the thesis is built by dividing it into eight chapters. These chapters
are designed to all contribute with different perspectives to help answer the research
questions.
1. Chapter one is the introduction to the background, statement of the problem,
motivation for the thesis and the research questions accompanied by a
hypothesis.
2. Chapter two is a mix of literature review and theory around analytics, eyetracking and the implementation of these in various situations. This is
considered to be the most important part for answering the research
questions, providing numerous perspectives on the pros and cons of eyetracking.
3. Chapter three introduces the methodology of gaining insight through
conducting an eye-tracking test. The chapter also includes data collection
methods and procedures.
4. Chapter four is the analysis of the data collected from the test conducted.
Interpretation of the analysis is also made.
5. Chapter five is dedicated to discussing the findings from this thesis. The
discussion is done by answering the research questions individually.
6. Chapter six provides a short conclusion of the whole thesis.
7

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
7. Chapter seven is a Swedish summary of the thesis as required.
8. Chapter eight is the reference list.

2. Literature Review and Theory
8

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
The second chapter of the thesis will focus on earlier research done in different
fields. These different sections include different perspectives on analytics, analytical
processes, eye-tracking fundamentals and the physiological and psychological
factors in esports.

2.1 Analytics
Analytics is a word often used without a proper definition, according to Adam
Cooper (2012). In his paper, however, Cooper brings up clarity on analytics by
describing it as a process of developing actionable insights. The problem must first
be defined. After defining the problem, a set of statistical models can then be
applicated to it and analysed by comparing it to earlier or simulated future data.
Cooper (2012), takes this definition apart to explain what it means. He explains
that analytics do not have to include a data warehouse, big data or fancy computer
software. According to Cooper, analytics is more about the evaluation, planning and
executions of human activities instead of how a computer processes data.
The definition Cooper (2012) is talking about might be something that people are
not aware of, as the word analytics is often used these days with the increasing
amount of software available. Analysing can still be done without computers or
software. Without humans, computers would be useless for analytics.
Data analytics are already widely used in sports like F1, football and cricket,
according to Andrew Wooden (n.d.), a technology writer for Intel. Wooden states
that esports is right on the heels of other sports with taking advantage of the big data
available for analytical use.

2.2 Game analytics
When playing a game, one might want to find out what their statistics for that game
are. How many wins does an individual player have or how long was it since the
player last won a game? This type of data collecting and analysing is, according to

9

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Medler (2011) better known as player dossiers. Medler explains that player dossiers
are data-driven visual reports on individual players actions in a game.

Figure 2. A visual representation of the player dossier creation cycle. Source:
Medler (2011).

A player dossier framework, shown in Figure 2, consists of five different parts,
starting with the gameplay and the actions the player takes in the game itself which
are gathered by the game. The data then has to be validated and given meaning by
contextualising it, so it is easier to understand. All of the approved and
contextualised data is now analysable. As stated before, the data is individual and can
be used to analyse that individual player's statistics only. Data can also be gathered
from different players; for example, collect all data from team members to explain
how the statistics look when playing as a team. The individual data can then be
shared with the community to prove that the player is good at the game, or that the
player has improved over time. (Medler 2011)
Whatever the statistics that are shared obtain, this information can be public and
viewed by anyone, including the opponents, giving organisations a new way of
preparing for games against their opponents by analysing how they are playing as
individuals and as a team at a certain point.

10

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
2.2.1 Game analytics on an individual level

Gameplay statistics are also retrievable by websites not connected directly with a
game company. An excellent example of this is the Tracker Network (tracker.gg), a
website that provides the different type of statistics of popular games. Tracker
Network gathers the data by having players sign up to their website and then
connecting their game accounts to their site. For example, the popular BR game,
Fortnite, is run by a company called Epic Games. In Fortnite it is possible to create
an account called Epic account which can be connected to the Tracker Network
website, allowing the site to gather a player's gameplay statistics.
When taking a glance at ex-pro-player, current streamer Ninja's stat page, the
statistics offered for the game Fortnite are very varying. Firstly, it is possible to see
how many wins Ninja has, what his win percentage is, how many kills he has, and
what his K/D is. Statistics are also offered in a more detailed way by categorising the
statistics according to what game mode Ninja has been playing. Fortnite provides the
opportunity to play solo, duos or squads. By looking at statistics, it is possible to
identify which game mode an individual has played the most and how that individual
player has performed in it.

2.2.2 Game analytics on a team level

With the individual statistics covered an organisation or a team could move onto
analysing how opposing teams look in the light of statistics. For the game, CS GO
several websites provide statistics, including Tracker Network, mentioned earlier.
Another page that offers statistics on an individual level is HLTV.org, a forum based
around the game with discussion panels, news, details on upcoming matches and
events, as well as statistics about the teams that participate in tournaments with a proteam status. When inspecting pro-team ENCE, based in Finland, there are various
parts of information available that could be very useful when matching up against
them. The most exciting part is the statistics around the maps of the game. Usually,
teams have a certain number of maps they know well and want to play, chosen out of
a map pool. Knowing what maps potentially could be played when matching up
against ENCE prepares a team well. Also knowing how well the opposition performs
11

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
on a map they might want to play is crucial, choosing a map they have excellent
tactics on, but not perform that well because other teams might execute plays on that
map in a better way. Analysing the statistics can inform a team very much about the
opposition. When pairing up the information from the individual level, it can be a
gamechanger for both the team and the opponent.
Game analytics can also be used in software created explicitly for the game a team
is playing. Shadow is a company, founded in 2016, that has created a software for
visualising all game demos and the metrics the game contains. According to
Shadow’s website, its software is used by top tier teams. Shadow offers 2D and 3D
rendering to fully visualise different scenarios that happen in the game. These can
then be analysed and viewed from different perspectives. Shadow points out that
their software can help a team internally but also externally by analysing a team’s
opponents, finding trends in their game strategies. (Shadow, 2020)

2.2.3 Analytics in real-life on an individual and team level

When inspecting analytics in Ice Hockey, there are different kinds of ways on how to
approach the game analytically. According to an article by Turun Sanomat (2013),
the use of video analysis is broad throughout a hockey game. In the article, a videocoach interviewed opened up about how they use video analysis not only after the
games but also during the games. During the games, the video-coach would act fast
and find gameplay situations that needed to be solved which would then be explained
by the head coach to the players to prevent the team's individuals from making the
same mistakes again. Video analysis is used for preparing the team beforehand and
after the game to learn what went wrong and how it can be corrected.
The game can also be analysed based off of different statistics. Chan, Cho and
Novati (2012) have focused on fundamental statistics in their research paper about
how different player types contribute to their team performance. For the forwards
and defensemen, they concentrate on points consisting of goals and assists, plus and
minus statistics, hits, blocks, how many penalty minutes the players got and their
time on ice abbreviated to TOI. Goalies usually don't contribute with goals, assists or
hits so for the goalies they used measurements like save percentage of shots on goal,

12

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
how many goals were allowed on average, wins, wins without allowing a goal and
the number of games they were the starting goalie.
In the NHL, according to Vescovi, Murray, Fiala and VanHeest (2006), a player
draft is concluded every off-season to determine which team chooses what player.
During an extensive period, young prospects are monitored by looking at their stats
and their style of play. From all available prospects, some are invited to the NHL
combine where they are evaluated on their physical condition and interviewed by
possible teams. After extensive monitoring of the players, prospects get ranked by
their physical fitness as well as their on-ice skills. (Vescovi et al. 2006)
When analysing gameplay from video, analysts are mainly looking for how the
team follows the agreed strategy. The positioning of different players and the
fundamental objectives for various positions have been clarified and visualised by
Schoolyardpuck (2010a) where the player positions and their areas discussed, to
begin. It is important to remember that these zones are no restrictions for the
individual positions, and the players are not limited to these zones, as shown in
Figure 3a and Figure 3b. The defensemen (RD & LD) have their respective sides to
cover in the lower part of the defensive zone. One of the most important objectives is
to have at least one defenseman in front of the goal, guarding it, while the other
defenseman is out of position. The wingers of the team split the defensive zone with
the defenders taking up the upper part of the defensive zone. The wingers should not
get caught up too deep in the defensive zone, but rather keep a reasonable distance
between their fellow defender to cover as much area as possible. The position of the
centre complements the gap between the players. The centre has the most significant
area to cover and needs to be aware of where other players are to be able to balance
the area of the ice the team is covering. (Schoolyardpuck, 2010a)

13

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 3a. Representation of the sectioning of the defensive zone per player position.
Source: Schoolyardpuck, 2010a.

When comparing the defensive zone with the offensive zone, there are some
differences for the player positioning. According to Schoolyardpuck (2010b), the
defenders often stay at the blue line and act as support for moving the puck around
and take shots from the point, but their main task is to keep the puck in the offensive
zone. A significant difference is the positioning of the centre and wingers, who are
all seen as forwards. The reason for them seen as forwards is because the forwards
can move around more freely in the offensive zone compared to the defensive zone.
The main objective for the forwards is to at all time have one forward in the slot
while the other two are trying to get the puck to the slot. The movement of the
players is dependent on the location of the puck. For example, in Figure 3b, the
players try to move towards the strong side where the puck currently is located to
prevent a breakout or a puck clearance. (Schoolyardpuck, 2010b)

14

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 3b. Representation of the sectioning of the offensive zone per player
position. Source: Schoolyardpuck, 2010b.

2.2.4 Big data, AI and machine learning for analytics

As Wooden (n.d.), writes, there are tons of possibilities nowadays to record, analyse
and save this material to databases where they are easily accessible. Having the
options to re-watch and access the past performances of a player and other teams is
what makes big data analytics so crucial in the esports industry.
In his article on big data and how it is going to revolutionise the esports industry
further, Wooden refers to a research article from the University of York, where they
explain what the software Echo is. The Echo software is a data-driven tool used
mainly to detect impressive and rare plays made by the players. Detection of unique
and remarkable plays are brought up for the viewers to see, as some games are
densely action-packed, meaning that the audience could miss these individual plays
if it were not for the Echo.
The use of analytics is, therefore, not only applicable for teams or individual
players but also for the business aspect by increasing the enjoyment for viewers at
tournaments, in this case, the customers. Meanwhile, I will be focusing on the team,
and individual players use of analytics I believe it is essential to bring up the fact that
analytics is not only about the game and the gamers but also crucial for the business

15

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
and the community. By using software similar to the Echo, a tournament organiser
can stand out from other privately-owned companies that organise esports events.

2.3 Ice hockey in real life and electronic form
The electronic version of ice hockey might be understood to be a picture-perfect
copy of what is happening in real life, which might be accurate in the future. Still, at
its current state, they have many differences even though the main idea is the same.
NHL hockey teams are explained by Chan, Cho and Novati (2012) to have
forwards, defensemen and goalies, amounting up to 20 players for a game. The game
lasts for 60 minutes, divided into three periods with extra time and shootout if the
score is even after 60 minutes of regulation time. The teams have different lines out
on the ice, consisting of three forwards, two defensemen and one goalie. What the
primary purpose of the line is, is up to the team's strategy (offensive or defensiveminded style of play). During the game, there might be players sent to the penalty
box if they commit a foul. Committing a foul leads to the team having to play shorthanded with one or two fewer players than the opponent. The initial goal of the game
is to score more goals than the opponent by the time the regulation time ends. (Chan,
Cho & Novati, 2012)

2.3.1 Differences between the electronic and real-life version of hockey

According to a blog post by EA (2019), they introduced Real Player Motion
technology (RPM tech) to the game franchise in NHL 2019 and overhauled the
skating system. This year for NHL 20 they focused on improving the shooting by
adding the same technology to the shooting mechanics to increase the lifelike feel of
the game. EA (2019) states that there were some problems with the implementation
of RPM Tech in last year's game where the player animation would stop during
different actions like shooting, picking up passes or passing the puck.
As crucial parts of the game are animations, it tends to create a meta for the game.
Meta being a gamer slang for "most effective tactics available". The animations in
the game are going to be the same throughout the game unless a patch release for the
16

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
game comes out with significant changes, which means the game quickly becomes
predictable to the point where the players know what different sequences do. For
example, if the player moves in a certain way, the opponent's AI will do the same
animation every time. When knowing the outcome of a sequence, it can be exploited
and therefore doing that sequence becomes the most effective tactic available to beat
the primary goal of the game.
When comparing the electronic version of ice hockey to the real-life version, there
is not any animations or meta plays in the real-life version of ice hockey.

2.4 Visual Attention and Eye movements
According to Andrew T. Duchowski, author of Eye Tracking Methodology (2017),
when approaching the use of eye-tracking, there has to be some motivation for why
we want to find specific results that come from the visual attention of humans and
why this is important. When looking at a picture, for example, we can find out what a
person is looking at, how they got to an interesting point of the image and how they
experienced the picture and its different points of interest by examining attentional
behaviour and the neural mechanisms involved from two different perspectives.
These perspectives are the psychological and physiological viewpoint.
Visual attention can behave in a cyclical process composed of a few different
steps. The cycle starts by looking at a picture and seeing the whole image in a terrible
resolution. Following the lousy resolution picture, certain features might start
catching one's attention for further inspection. Moving on to the next step as the eyes
will be repositioned to the area that is currently more specifically inspected, moving
outside of the original foveal location. Once the eyes have repositioned, we enter the
last step, which is to view that point of interest in a high resolution to make it more
detailed. (Duchowski, 2017)
The brain and eye work together to produce eye movements. A picture goes in
through the eye, which is processed by different parts of the brain, each part having
its specific task when reacting to information coming in. This information is sent
back to the eye for a possible repositioning on the picture or to enhance a point of
interest (Duchowski, 2017).
17

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 4 Eye Anatomy. Source: Blausen.com staff, (2014).

When examining a picture of the eye in Figure 4, we find that the fovea is a pit
located in the retina. This pit is full of photoreceptors, but the problem is that the pit
is tiny. The pit being small means that the foveal region of vision (central area of
vision) is the only part viewed in high resolution. Duchowski brings up an interesting
fact about astronomers that gaze into the sky looking at constellations. Humans can
choose to move their attention outside the foveal region to find constellations as faint
stars are easier to see out of the corner of the eye instead of in the foveal centre.
Moving the attention outside the foveal region is a problem for eye-tracking studies,
as a person could also be looking out of the corner of their eye without the eye
tracker detecting this.

2.4.1 Models of eye movements

When taking a glance at a couple of models of eye movements that are crucial in eye
tracking, the following models are brought up by Duchowski (2017) and will, later
on, be explained further as to why they are so important and what we can find out by
looking at them.
18

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä



Saccades
According to Duchowski (2017), saccades are rapid eye movements. As
explained earlier in the chapter, we tend to reposition the fovea to a new
location on a picture, for example.



Smooth Pursuits
Smooth pursuits happen when we track a moving target and match the
speed of that moving target.



Fixations
Saccades lead one to a new location which wants to focus on, a point of
interest. Finding a new point of interest is when the saccade turns into a
fixation where the foveal position stabilises to enable a high-resolution view
(Duchowski, 2017). During a fixation, however, only around 8% of a picture
viewed is seen in a detailed and high-resolution projection (Pieters Rik &
Wedel Michel, 2017)

2.4.2 Eye movement analysis

The main goal of eye movement analysis is to find out as much as possible about the
viewer's attentive behaviour. Observing raw eye-tracking data will not be enough
information without further examination. Without more profound analysis, it will not
be conceivable to discover, for example, how long a viewer fixated on different
points, which can give much more information about the viewer's visual and
attentive behaviour.
As stated earlier, the essential models in eye movement are saccades, smooth
pursuits and fixations. The main task is to detect when one of these models is
happening. For example, when a fixation ends, we move on to the saccade. When the
saccade ends, we acquire a new fixation. Before we can examine saccades and
19

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
fixations, we need to do something called signal denoising, shown in Figure 5a and
Figure 5b. The signal can be distracted because of the eye not being stable all the
time or because the user needs to blink. These types of distractions can are possible
to remove by ignoring the data that falls out of the effective operating range.
(Duchowski, 2017)

Figure 5a. Raw eye-tracking data before signal denoising. Source: Duchowski,
2017.

20

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 5b. Result of performing signal denoising on Figure 5a. Source:
Duchowski, 2017).
To distinguish when one model ends and the next model starts, it should first be
detected when the signal average changes drastically. Detecting the signal changes is
called dwell-time fixation detection, which is measured by primarily identifying
when we have a fixation, a stationary signal. When the stationary signal reaches a
particular set of time, we can recognise it as a fixation. (Duchowski, 2017)

2.4.3 Eye-tracking techniques

The device used for measuring eye movements is known as an eye tracker
(Duchowski, 2017). The method of tracking and gathering the eye movements is
called oculography, divided into four different methods, according to Chennamma &
Yuan (2013).
Electro-oculography (EOG) tracks eye movements by measuring the skin's
electric potential differences. Tracking the differences is done by placing electrodes
around the eyes. (Duchowski, 2017) These electrodes make it possible to record
horizontal and vertical movements separately, and the EOG also provides the
21

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
possibility of recording eye movements even with the eyes closed. (Chennamma &
Yuan, 2013)
Scleral Contact Lens or Search Coil is used to track eye movements by attaching a
reference object, either mechanical or optical, to a contact lens worn on the eye. A
scleral contact lens is one of the most precise ways to measure eye movement.
(Duchowski, 2017) High accuracy is considered an advantage which comes with a
disadvantage of having to place something on the eye. (Chennamma & Yuan, 2013)
Photo-OculoGraphy (POG) / Video-OculoGraphy (VOG) works by measuring the
shape of the pupil, the position of the limbus and the corneal reflections caused by a
light source, which is usually infra-red light. The biggest drawback of these methods
is that the measurement may not be automated at all, which means there is a need for
manual inspection afterwards. Manual control can take a long time and be very prone
to errors. (Duchowski, 2017)
Video-Based Combined Pupil/Corneal Reflection differs from POG and VOG by
providing a point of regard measurement. A point of regard measurement is made by
either settling the head's position, so the relative position of the eyes to the head and
point of regard is synchronised or by measuring multiple ocular features to separate
eye movement from head movement. (Duchowski, 2017)

2.5 Use of eye-tracking in various fields
Eye-tracking is a useful tool for understanding and measuring human attentional
behaviour. When trying to determine how a human performs in different situations
and tasks, it is possible to inspect reaction time and accuracy. Adding eye-tracking to
it tells us more about the cognitive, visual and attentional parts of the performance.
Duchowski presents different scenarios where using eye-tracking has helped learn
more about human behaviour. Aircraft and driving simulators combined with an eye
tracker gives us information about how humans behave in different conditions and
surroundings. With the help of simulations, it is possible to alter the time of day from
night to midday without altering other dependent factors. In the studies Duchowski
reviews, they found out that pilots of an aircraft tend to observe their instruments less
when flying the plane at night.
22

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
The driving simulator provided results discovering that there is a considerable
difference in driving without more significant distractions, compared to when asking
the drivers to perform spatial imagery and verbal tasks. (Duchowski, 2017)
Eye-tracking is also very popular in the marketing industry to discover what
consumers do and how they react when subjected to marketing. Research by Pieters
& Wedel (2017) covering eye tracker usage in the marketing and advertising field
revealed three main points on how using eye tracking is contributing to development.
First of all, they concluded that eye tracking provides a good insight into the
processing of communication and its effectiveness. Getting a good insight is said to
be impossible to do at the same level of efficiency because of how fast the process is
and how we consciously cannot access it. Secondly, eye tracking is seen as an
excellent addition, as it provides more detail which can be beneficial for further and
future development. Lastly, earlier research on visual attention in marketing has been
transformed by eye-tracking methods, whereas current ideas and thoughts
surrounding it might need updating as eye-tracking research is challenging
knowledge believed to be correct at the time (Pieters & Wedel, 2017)
The company Tobii produce eye-tracking solutions for different fields, and they
also include a section where they focus on sports performance and research.
According to the company, the use of eye-tracking can explain a lot about an
individual athlete. Tobii points out that an eye-tracker is also a powerful tool for
trainers and coaches, not only players. The eye tracker can, according to Tobii, be
used to create the material from experts for teaching those that are at a lower skill
level. Those that are on a lower skill level can also use the eye tracker to create a
better understanding of how they function as an individual, which then leads to a
more efficient training program. Recording information also allows the individuals to
follow up on their progress which also confirms whether or not their training scheme
works. (Tobiipro, 2020)

2.6 Eye-tracking as an analytical tool in esports
One of the most extensive studies I found online that studied both eye-tracking and
eSports tackled the improving of sensing systems for data collection and analysis
23

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
when regarding eSport players. In the research by Korotin, Khromov, Stepanov,
Lange, Burnaev and Somov (2019), the different sensing systems were evaluated and
analysed for future improvements. They also did an eye-tracking experiment with a
professional Counter-Strike Global Offensive eSports team to gather data. From the
eye-tracking data, they compared how the visual awareness differed relative to the
individual player's skill level.
Another research paper, written by Velichkovsky, Khromov, Korotin, Burnaev
and Somov (2019), stated that there is a direct impact between the skill level of a
player and the player's visual fixations during a game. In conclusion, they noted that
the eye-tracking data could be useful when looking for solutions for game interface
design.

2.7 Benefits of Decision Support Systems
DSS is defined by Daniel J. Power (2001) as a broad category of information systems
to inform and support decision-makers. DSS is used to improve and speed up the
process of handling information but, as stated before, it is vast according to Power
who presents a few types of decision support systems, of which I chose a couple
applicable to an esports organisation.
Data-driven DSS, which is very self-explanatory, is the use of gathered data
helping to make decisions based on what the analytics of the system proposes. Datadriven DSS is useful to examine different individual numerical data about a player on
a particular map. Knowledge-driven DSS works by letting computers find hidden
patterns and produce data content relationships. Observing the same example of an
individual player on a specific map, we can identify if that one numerical data input
was a one-time occurrence or if the player is continuously performing well or
underperforming on a certain map.
These two decision support systems would work by having the raw data, the
analysed data and a separate system finding the hidden patterns and relationships
function together as a hybrid.

24

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

2.8 Benefits of Knowledge Management
Gathering data using an eye tracker and further analysing it produces valuable
information and capitalising on the information available by exploiting it through
knowledge management is highly beneficial. In their paper van Heijst, van der Spek,
Edwards, Mallis, van der Meij, and Taylor (1999) introduce on an organisational
level, the four operations found about knowledge. In their research, van Heijst et al.,
(1999) start by explaining knowledge development where there is a need for new
creative ideas, analysing of failures and learning from them daily. In an esports
organisation, this could mean creating new tactics in the game and learn what is and
what is not working currently. Changes in organisations are inevitable due to
retirement or other factors. Same factors apply to organisations in esports, where a
player on the team could be retiring, causing a significant change internally teamwise as the team has to introduce a new player to the remaining roster. Using
consolidation knowledge means minimising the potential loss of adjustment.
The use of the information inside the organisation, especially between the team,
needs to be correctly distributed. To have some information not shared with the rest
of the team could lead to chaos. For instance, one player could know that the
opposition is going to execute a specific play in the game and repositions for that.
Not informing the rest of the team about this could result in lousy positioning and
potentially lose the game. Avoiding bad communication is also the case when
combining the knowledge available. Sharing knowledge and connecting it to produce
the optimal solution for countering something in the game is crucial. According to
van Heijst et al. (1999), knowledge combining can be, for example, improved by job
rotation. On a team, there are usually different roles. These roles could rotate entirely
or just based on what map or opponent the team is playing, if for example, one player
on the team is performing better in a particular role on that map than the player
regularly playing that role.

2.9 Physiological and psychological aspects

25

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
According to the American Psychological Association (n.d.), sport psychology uses
psychological knowledge and skills to address the overall well-being, developmental
and social aspects of participation in sports. The three principal areas of sports
psychology, according to APA, are training the cognitive and behavioural skills to
enhance athletes performance, counselling and clinical interventions and lastly
consultation and training. (American Psychological Association, n.d.).
Research in the health industry shows that eye-trackers can be used to find out
different stages of mental fatigue, whether or not they were induced by cognitive or
non-cognitive actions. Mental fatigue is said to affect cognitive and behavioural
performance as well as serious health and social problems.
According to NeuroTracker, esports players achieve up to 400 movements and
presses per minute on the keyboard and mouse. Due to these movements being
asymmetrical, there is a lot of strain on various parts of the brain simultaneously.
With heartbeats ranging between 160-180 beats per minute, inevitable fatigue will
occur. There needs to be a well-thought-out plan taking into consideration how much
stress-reducing activities are needed. Stress-reducing activities can differ from
nutrition intake, physical activity and rest. (NeuroTracker, 2019)
Software similar to those following in-game performance is available to measure
mental fatigue. For example, Performetric.gg offer real-time mental fatigue
management for esports. Their product features fatigue detection, skills analysis,
advanced analytics and team management. The features mentioned are supposed to
be monitored using biometrics and cognitive tests with the possibility of integrating
wearables to reach a new level of monitoring and management. (Performetric, 2020)

2.9.1 Investments in esports

The use of a sports psychologist in an esports team has already seen real-life
examples. The Danish CS:GO team Astralis hired sports psychologist Lars Robl after
being at a standstill in their development as a team. Robl succeeded in bringing out
the top potential in the team and ranking them number one in the world. The use of a
sports psychologist in esports is not only limited to Astralis. The likes of MIBR,
Cloud9, Team Liquid and NiP have all hired a sports psychologist to their

26

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
organisation or at least accepted the fact that more workers in supportive roles need
to be obtained when planning for the future. (HLTV, 2018)
Team Astralis is currently at the forefront in 2020 by using unconventional
methods and strategies. The signing of a new player to increase the number of
players in the team from five to six is causing some discussion on why this is done
and will the new player replace someone from the current roster. However, the main
reason for acquiring a new player is to be able to rotate the players and allow more
time off the busy and stressing schedule according to team Astralis. Having one
player on the team being ill or something similar, stopping them from training means
the whole team is affected. The addition of an extra player gives the individuals time
and space to recharge fully without having to face a burden of letting one’s
teammates down, causing stress and mental fatigue. Astralis have experienced these
types of scenarios with several players missing out on games and tournaments due to
health issues, leading to the team playing with stand-ins. (HLTV, 2020a )
It is understandable that teams would consider signing an extra player to reduce
stress among the core five players in CS: GO. When inspecting statistics on Finnish
team ENCE and the events, they attended in 2019; a conclusion can be drawn that
they have been travelling most of that year. In 2019, ENCE attended 20 different
events in Asia, Europe, North America and South America amounting up to ten
different countries. (HLTV, n.d. a ). In a tweet by ENCE player Aleksi “allu” Jalli,
Jalli states that in a time span of 37 days the team was either travelling or at events
for 29 of those days. (alluCSGO, 2019)
In an interview conducted by HLTV (2020b), NAVI psychologist Gleb
Surabekiants points out how the industry has changed during the last few years in the
eyes of the players. The competitive side of esports has impacted how younger
players, from ages 13-16, have a very different mindset for esports than the earlier
pro players. Competition impacts the younger players and the younger players
impact competitiveness. (HLTV, 2020)
SAP has been working with Team Liquid since 2018 in analysing data from
esports games, according to Andrew Birmingham (2019). The data analysis has
reached a point where Team Liquid is not only focusing on the overall team
performance but can dig deeper into the individuals. Team Liquid makes use of
SAP’s HANA technologies to create custom software which is just right for their
needs. Both Team Liquid and SAP are fiddling with the possibility of creating an AI
27

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
which would mimic Team Liquids opponents, giving them a huge advantage when
preparing for tournaments. (Birmingham, 2019).
A Spanish team by the name of Movistar Riders have taken the analytics to a
much deeper level by trying out brain analysis on their players. Using a device called
EMOTIV Insights, they can pick up variables such as stress, focus and engagement.
The different variables can then be synced with the gameplay to find the right
correlation between an in-game event, and the variable picked up by the device.
(Macaulay, 2018)

28

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

3 Methodology
This chapter will introduce the methodology chosen for this thesis and why it was
chosen. An introduction to what kind of data is expected to be collected is done
together with an explanation of the processes for comparing the analysis as well as
the eye-tracking plan.

3.1 Research methodology
According to Creswell and Plano Clark (2007), inductive research is done from the
top-down, originating the ideas from theory to data, while deductive research works
the other way around, creating theory from bottom-up. This thesis will aim to be a
mixed-methodology with approaches of both inductive and deductive reasoning.
Earlier research and theory are approached in an inductive way by building a
foundation to answer the research questions. The inductive approach includes
gathering theory and earlier research about esports and eye-tracking individually, but
also earlier research where eye-tracking is used in esports.
A deductive approach is used for joining together the two main aspects of the
thesis, esports and eye-tracking. The main reasoning for joining the two aspects is to
discover new ways of utilising eye-tracking in the field of esports.
An experimental study is done to create an increased understanding of the two
subjects. The experiment will have a deductive approach to create conclusions
through gameplay analysis.
Discussing the insights and conclusions gathered by the inductive and deductive
approaches is done later on in the thesis.

3.1.1 Gameplay data collecting

29

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
The gameplay is collected by recording the gameplay on the console (PlayStation 4).

3.1.2 Eye-tracking data collecting

For the different scenarios, the main idea is to discover what the player is looking at
during that time frame. When using an eye-tracker, it is possible to track where the
player is looking before and during the situation. The information collected from
analysing the eye-tracking video material is then divided into the player either being
aware of the situation or not aware of the situation. For each occurrence, there will be
a comment made, explaining why the player was conscious or not.

3.2 Data collecting procedure
The eye-tracking data will be recorded simultaneously as the gameplay but analysed
separately and then compared after that. In Figure 6, a representation of the
conducting of the procedureis shown.

30

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 6. Representation of the data collecting procedure for the eye-tracking
experiment.

3.2.1 Eye-tracking data collecting plan

This summary of the data collecting will consist of a plan for an eye-tracking
experiment which in this thesis is done on a very small scale. The plan includes
specifications regarding devices used (laptop and eye-tracker) as well as
specifications about the software used.
1. The hypothesis:
Eye-tracking can be a supplement to the current data and video analytics in
esports.

31

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
2. The design is going to be an idiographic single-case experiment using an eye
tracker as an independent variable (IV) used to change or enhance the
numerical data which in this case is the dependent variable (DV).
3. Participants: Number of participants is one (1).
4. Apparatus:


Devices used:

Laptop:
LENOVO / model: 20LA0025MX
Windows 10 , x64 ; RAM: 8 GB
Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-8250U CPU @ 1.60GHz - 4 cores
Intel(R) UHD Graphics 620 - Internal - 2 GB
Eye-tracker:
EyeLink Portable Duo
Eye-tracking mode: Remote, Head Free-to-Move Tracking
Eye-Tracking Principle: Pupil with Corneal Reflection (CR)
Eye-tracking software:
WebLink 1.1.1.0 64bit
5. Procedures: The participant plays the game while being recorded by the eyetracker.
6. Tasks: The general idea is to have the participant play a game of the latest
version of electronic ice-hockey. This test will focus on interceptions in the
game and whether or not the player was aware of crucial information that is
going on in different areas of the game.

32

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

3.3 Limitations of the study
There are a few limitations to the study, which will be presented next with
suggestions for improving the reliability and accuracy of results in future studies.

3.3.1 Limitations of the experiment

The experiment sample size was small due to the outbreak of COVID-19, making it
impossible to gather eventual data from multiple participants. This also led to the
gameplay sample size being small. In the future, the experiment should be done with
multiple participants from different skill groups.

3.3.2 Limitations of theory and earlier research

Esports is still evolving, and therefore it might not be possible to find enough
academic writing about a certain part of the field. A lack of academic articles about
esports also requires the author to deviate from academic guidelines for literature
critique.

33

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

4 Analysis and interpretation
In this chapter, the thesis will be discussing the collected raw gameplay data and try
to analyse it with an approach similar to the one that is used by analysts in real-life
hockey-teams. A proposed plan on how the different information is comparable and
analysed to find out how much value the eye-tracker creates.

4.1 Analysis of collected data
A small scale test was done to gain an insight into the use of an eye-tracker while
playing the game NHL. The test mainly tries to answer the question on what we see
with and without the eye-tracking data or visuals. Firstly, the gameplay will be
analysed without the eye-tracking data to identify the player’s performance in
situations where the puck or the puck carrier was challenged, either by the player that
is monitored or by the opponent.
A heatmap created during the eye-tracking session will also be analysed for
further information.
The gameplay data consists of a 30-second video from a randomly selected point
of the game. The gameplay was first analysed to find out the number of situations
that can be compared. Three defensive zone and two offensive zone situations were
identified to be further analysed.

4.1.1 Defensive scenarios

Gameplay D1: In the scenario, the player made an interception by positioning a
defender well.
Eye-tracking D1: The player quickly identified who from the opposing team that
would acquire a pass and acted accordingly.

34

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 7. Visual representation of defensive scenario 1, including player
movement and main area of interest.

Gameplay D2: Bad positioning using one defender, ending scenario with a poke
check using another defender
Eye-tracking D2: The player had identified that there was only one attacker and tried
to slow down the attacker using one defender which resulted in the other defender
making a successful interception with their stick.

35

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 8. Visual representation of defensive scenario 2, including player
movement and main area of interest.

Gameplay D3: Good positioning of a defender by the player to steal the puck
Eye-tracking D3: The player identified and showed awareness of surrounding
players and committed to stealing the puck.

36

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 9. Visual representation of defensive scenario 3, including player
movement and main area of interest.

4.1.2 Offensive scenarios

Gameplay O1: The player committed to stealing the puck with very high speed
which ended up opening up a passing lane for the opposition and having the
committed offensive player out of position.
Eye-tracking O1: The player only paid attention to cutting one passing lane and to
pressuring a potential puck receiver. The eye-tracker provided added value by
identifying what mistake was made by the player.

37

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 10. Visual representation of offensive scenario 1, including player
movement and main area of interest.

Gameplay O2: The player chose to cut a passing lane, leaving another passing lane
open which was used by the opposition.
Eye-tracking O2: The player had identified the position of its own defender in the
neutral zone. The defender in the neutral zone would be able to cover the receiver of
the other lane which was not cut by the player’s attacker. The eye-tracker provided
added value by identifying that the player chose deliberately to cut one passing lane,
leaving the other one open, while having that covered by their own defender.

38

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 11. Visual representation of offensive scenario 2, including player
movement and main area of interest.

4.1.3 Comparison of scenarios

The summary and comparison of the scenarios from both perspectives (gameplay and
eye-tracking) include layered information. Firstly, the comparison of the two results
per scenario is compared to determine if there is added value from the eye-tracking
analysis.
Secondly, what was the grade of the added value from the eye-tracking data? For
example, was any new information gained (high value), did the information confirm
the same result as the gameplay analysis while not adding anything new (medium
value), or did the eye-tracking data not provide anything new or confirm the result of
the gameplay analysis.

39

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Table 1. Table representing a summary on the added value of using eye-tracking
analysis for gameplay

Scenario

Added value?

Grade

of

added

value
Defensive 1

Yes

Medium

Defensive 2

Yes

Medium

Defensive 3

Yes

Medium

Offensive 1

Yes

High

Offensive 2

Yes

High

Defensive scenarios one, two and three, listed in Table 1, show that the eyetracking data analysis confirms the gameplay analysis but that the added value only
has a medium impact in comparison to what the initial gameplay offered.
Both of the offensive scenarios, listed in Table 1, show added value from the eyetracking analysis where it is possible to learn more about the whole situation, which
is not attainable while only inspecting the gameplay.

4.1.4 Heatmap analysis

A heatmap shows the areas where the player has spent the most time. To determine
these areas and to what extent they have been inspected, a colour grading system is
used. The time spent in a specific area is measured in milliseconds. The red areas
seen in Figure 12 have received much more attention than the surrounding areas.

40

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

Figure 12. Heatmap representation of the visual attention during gameplay,
measured in milliseconds.

In the electronic version of ice-hockey, the game allows the user to change the
camera angle to one that suits them well. The game, however, aims to always have
the puck visible to the player. This means that the camera has to move with the puck,
making it impossible to view the whole rink in a horizontal or vertical way.
Eventually, this means that the heatmap would be very similar for most of the
players, as the game mainly tries to keep the attention in the centre of the screen.
From the test conducted, it is possible to determine that the player has paid
attention to on-ice action, without bigger distractions (red areas) outside of the rink.

41

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

5 Discussion
This chapter takes into consideration every aspect of the thesis up to this point to
answer the research questions, which were presented at the beginning of the thesis,
through discussion.

5.1 What analytical tools does esports use and what does the process
include?
The first research question discusses the use of analytical tools currently in use in
esports. The discussion also includes a view on the process and its different stages.
Most of the tools used for analytical purposes in the esports scene are software
programs that enable teams to load in demo sessions of their past games or practices.
A software from Shadow.gg introduced earlier in this thesis presents their product on
their website and explains how they are a huge asset to top tier teams in games like
CS:GO. The software enables the teams to visually have a look at how the game
went while having the freedom of choosing a certain timestamp in the game and use
different angles to see the different in-game situations from different perspectives.
This type of analytical use is mainly done to figure out what strategies work for your
own team as well as for analysing how a team’s opponent is playing and what
possible trends there are in their game strategy.
Another approach to analysing how the team or an individual is playing is to use
numerical data. This data can be used to find out similar trends as the software by
shadow.gg.
Both of these processes require a certain amount of hours where the gameplay
needs to be recorded to be able to gather the data. The process is similar to
knowledge management in any other company where the data then needs to be
interpreted and visualised. Visualising data makes it easier for everyone involved to
easily understand and build upon the visualised data and maybe identify how this
new information can be used in the next cycle. A cycle in knowledge management
means using the information that has been created and testing it in a real-life
42

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
situation. After using the newly gathered information and possible solutions, the
information can then be evaluated and compared to earlier findings. This can tell a
team whether or not the new adaptions were a success or not and build a new ground
for future solutions and decisions.
Besides taking the approach of rating a player’s performance based on numerical
data from the game, teams in esports are taking it to the next level with other
methods. Analytical tools are also used to determine player performance by
gathering data based on cognitive skills and mental fatigue.

5.2 What is eye-tracking, and what does it offer to esports?
The second research question discusses the basics of eye-tracking and how eyetracking can be used on different levels in esports development.
When this thesis was planned for the first time, the main idea was to research how
eye-tracking can be useful in addition to the numerical data that is gathered from
players playing their games. However, during the writing process, there has been
some enlightenment to what eye-tracking could be used for, contributing with a
broader view of both eye-tracking and esports.
Earlier research has confirmed that eye-tracking does offer a variety of useful
information. A player’s gaze can be monitored to create heatmaps, revealing for
example differences between professional esports athletes and those who only play
for leisure. Checking areas of interest is a great example of finding out if the player is
distracted by scoreboards or other static information presented on the screen.
Acquiring knowledge about spending too much time distracted by different variables
is a great first step in correcting that issue.
Another example of added value from an eye-tracker comes from the smallscale test conducted in this thesis. The test itself confirmed the results from earlier
studies while adding some more context to the question regarding added value from
eye-tracking data. Not only did the test verify that the eye-tracking analysis was
useful but also that each scenario could not be divided into added value or no added
value. Therefore, in the analysis summary, there was an additional grade assigned for
43

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
each scenario. This might affect the level of expertise when it comes to gaming, as
everyone would not have the same value from an eye-tracker. A pro player might
understand what they did wrong or right to a greater extent than someone of a lower
skill level. This signifies that the grade of added value has a higher requirement. For
example, the test conducted in this thesis might not be useful for a high-tier player as
most of the grades were assigned a medium impact.
The other side of adding value with an eye-tracker, which was relatively new to
the author of this thesis, was the overall investments in psychological aspects of the
player's health situations. The possibility of using eye-tracking to gain a more
detailed insight into individual players minds can take esports teams to the next level.
Firstly, knowledge about individuals can be used to optimise their training schedule.
Knowing what part of the day the individual is at their most alert and most prone to
learn can increase the rate of development and performance. Secondly, combining
the knowledge from all individuals from the same team allows a coach to schedule
team meetings and training sessions at a time which is suitable for all individuals of
the team.
There is, however, another dimension to the use of the eye-tracker. Learning more
about an individual and for example, what their mental fatigue state is can benefit the
player and the team on multiple levels. Optimising the training schedule also allows
the players to take time off from the game to rest, eat and socialise with other people
than their teammates. Confirmed by earlier research, mental fatigue affects both the
psychological and physical side of a player’s body.
With the teams travelling a huge part of the year it would seem to be a highpriority task to enable the players to relax and recover, even if they are in another
country. This could mean the eye-tracker would be useful for studying how the
player’s various levels of stress vary when at home and when travelling. Knowledge
of stress-diminishing factors would enable the team experts to take sufficient
measures to ensure recovery for the whole team.

44

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

5.3 How is an eye-tracking test conducted?

The third research question discusses different procedures and possibilities when
conducting an eye-tracking test. The main discussion is focused on how tests and
experiments could be conducted by esports teams, at their office or while they are
travelling.
There are a few procedures needed to be done to increase the accuracy of the results
of the eye-tracking test. The eye-tracking test also differs whether or not the
experiment is done in a laboratory with controlled elements, or if it is done in other
facilities. When done in a laboratory, all elements are controllable and adjustable
besides the participant. When deciding to conduct a test in non-laboratory facilities,
factors such as lighting, temperature or similar may fluctuate and differ between
participants.
It is also good to remember that the choice of facility and its requirements may
vary depending on what information is desired.
Equipment used in laboratory facilities tends to also be of higher quality with a
higher sampling rate, resulting in more accurate information. These, high-tier,
equipment also come at a much higher cost which rules out a fairly huge clientele.
For those who wish not to spend a fortune on an eye-tracker have the alternative to
buy an eye-tracker from Tobii, which is designed for a much broader clientele with a
more affordable price tag.
Conducting an experiment using an eye-tracker might be problematic at first and
experienced as time-consuming or demanding when a new system needs to be
understood. The main problem regarding whether or not an esports team should
pursue the use of an eye-tracker to optimize their performance may not be if it is hard
to conduct the experiment. It was stated earlier in this thesis that teams are very
mobile during the year, attending events in different countries on multiple continents.
Many of these events may be so close to each other that it is better for the teams to
travel to the next event without returning home in between. Having a very tight
schedule results in needing to come up with a way to create a space as similar as
possible to the first space which was used to create a baseline for the players. The

45

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
need to have a space as similar as possible is to get as reliable results as possible
when comparing data and information from two different locations.

5.4 Can eye-tracking be a complement to current analytics in esports?

The fourth research question works as a summary of the preceding research
questions to join the different points of view regarding pros and cons of eye-tracking
and its compatibility to procedures, strategies, time-schedules and overall need of
esports individuals and teams.

In a competitive scene making it or breaking it comes down to the smallest details,
most esports teams are most likely to use all means possible to gain an advantage
over their opponents. The development in esports has seen extensive use of data for
analytical processes, studying individuals, team cohesion and their opponents. When
inspecting only the gameplay part of the teams, it is possible to state that eyetracking can be a complement to the current analysis and analytics in esports.
Discussed earlier, the added value is not consistent depending on the skill level of the
individuals. A player with ten years of experience playing the game might not have
as much use of eye-tracking analysis of their gameplay as someone with only a few
months of experience.
However, the value is expected to increase when talking about individuals in
teams. Attaining a better understanding of the team cohesion through studying
individual behaviour might be beneficial as the individuals learn more about each
other.
Analytics does not, however, limit only to understanding how individuals play the
game, but how they are feeling mentally and physically during and after playing the
game. Earlier research has confirmed that eye-tracking can be used to discover
increasing levels of mental fatigue and recovery patterns of individuals. With the
increasing worry of the health of these esports athletes, teams have started to hire
psychologists to ensure that the players keep a healthy schedule of eating, sleeping,
training and recovering. Therefore, it would be possible to use an eye-tracker to

46

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
create a baseline for each individual to allow check-ups in the future while
monitoring the development of, for example, their mental fatigue.
However, with the advantages, come the disadvantages. The price of a high-tier
tracker might not fit every team’s budget, leading them to rely on low-tier equipment
which does not offer the same accuracy. Another problem is that most teams tend to
be very mobile during the year, travelling and attending events most time of the year.
This means that teams would need to create a solution for re-creating viable
conditions for the eye-tracking sessions.

47

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

6 Conclusion
This chapter concludes the thesis and the author shares the final statement of the
thesis regarding the hypothesis and whether or not it was confirmed or rejected.
The explosive growth of the esports scene in multiple genres and games means it is
also attracting attention from big companies. With bigger funding, it is also possible
to attain high-tier equipment and arrange facilities fitting the requirements.
Therefore, the hypothesis is confirmed to be true, as eye-tracking can work as a
complement to current analytical processes in esports. The hypothesis can also be
considered confirmed on different levels.
The hypothesis stated that eye-tracking could be useful for recruiting new players
to organisations. This was confirmed through earlier research and through the test
conducted as new players might have more use and value-added to their analytical
process of improving at a game than those with years of experience.
On top of confirming the hypothesis and its different sections, new value-adding
ways were discovered regarding the health of the players. Having the chance to
monitor the health of players is considered important and value-adding, even if a
player has years of experience of being a pro player and assumes that their lifestyle is
healthful.

48

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

7 Swedish summary - Kan ögonspårning användas som ett
komplement till existerande analytiska processer inom esport?

7.1 Inledning
E-sport har sett en enorm tillväxt de senaste åren i form av deltagare samt
marknadsandel, enligt Mangeloja (2019), och det finns ett konstant behov av
konkurrensfördelar inom denna industri. Analyser av numeriska data tillhör de
processer som för tillfället finns tillgängliga, men utvecklingen tillför mer
avancerade mjukvaror. En möjlig lösning ligger i ögonspårning, då det möjliggör en
mer djupgående inlärning om individer. Behovet av fördelar och en möjlig lösning är
värt att forska kring.

7.2 Syfte och ämnesmotivering
Syftet med avhandlingen är att undersöka om ögonspårning kan komplettera de
existerande analytiska processerna inom e-sport. Frågeställningarna försöker
besvaras i avhandlingen genom fyra forskningsfrågor;
1. Vilka analytiska hjälpmedel används för tillfället i e-sport och hur ser den
analytiska processen ut?
2. Vad går ögonspårning ut på och vad kan det bidra med till e-sport?
3. Hur genomförs ett experiment inom ögonspårning?
4. Kan ögonspårning fungera som ett komplement till nuvarande analytiska
processer?
Valet av ämnet baserar sig på den fortfarande växande industrin samt ett
personligt intresse för e-sport och ögonspårning. Ämnet lämpar sig även till studierna

49

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
inom informationssystem. Avhandlingen önskas även skapa intresse för framtida
forskning inom samma ämne.

7.3 presentation av metod och material
Avhandlingen fokuserar på tidigare forskning samt teori inom ögonspårning. Detta
kombineras med ett småskaligt experiment som inkluderar användning av en
ögonspårare. Tidigare undersökningar och teori används för att besvara
frågeställningarna genom induktiv metod. Experimentet genomförs med deduktiv
metod för att skapa slutsatser som kan jämföras med tidigare undersökningar samt
teori. Kunskapen som insamlats från tidigare undersökningar och teori jämförs med
slutsatserna från experimentet i kapitlet resultat och diskussion.

7.4 Teori och tidigare undersökningar

7.4.1 Analytiska processer inom e-sport

De metoder som används för att genomföra spelanalyser baserar sig på mjukvara
som ger analytikern möjligheten att inspektera situationer från olika perspektiv
(Shadow, 2020). För att skapa en bättre helhetsbild av ett lag och dess individer, kan
man även använda sig av numeriska data som t.ex. berättar mer om hur laget eller
individen presterar i varierande situationer. Huvudsakligen vill man reda ut vad man
inom laget gör rätt eller fel genom att analysera videosnuttar, numeriska data och
annan statistik kring spelet. Analyserna kan även göras om motståndaren för att
skapa en bättre bild av vad man kan förvänta sig av just den motståndaren, och sedan
reagera och planera enligt den informationen. Analyser av video används också inom
traditionell sport och i en artikel av Turun Sanomat (2013), betonades vikten av
videoanalyser, inte bara före eller efter spelet, men även under spelets gång.
7.4.2 Visuell uppmärksamhet och ögonrörelser

50

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Genom att följa ögonrörelser kan man skapa en uppfattning om en persons visuella
uppmärksamhet då personen inspekterar t.ex. en målning. Den visuella
uppmärksamheten kan fungera som en cyklisk process. Processen börjar med att
personen ser en suddig bild där vissa områden börjar fånga personen
uppmärksamhet. Hjärnan processerar den suddiga bilden och de områden som fångar
personen uppmärksamhet och ger signaler för att omplacera blicken till ett av dessa
områden. Efter att blicken har omplacerats till ett visst område som vill inspekteras
blir bilden klarare och av en högre upplösning. Den cykliska processen fortsätter med
att hjärnan styr blicken till nästa område för att igen fokusera hårdare och skapa en
bild av högre upplösning. (Duchowski, 2017).
För att skapa en mer informativ bild av en person fokuserar man inom
ögonspårning på olika modeller av ögonrörelser. Två av de viktigaste modellerna är
sackader och fixeringar. Sackader är de snabba rörelserna från en intressant punkt till
en annan och under sackader är bilden suddig. Då sackaden tar slut och blicken har
nått ett nytt område som vill inspekteras börjar en fixering. Fixeringen tar slut då en
sackad börjar och blicken igen flyttas vidare till ett nytt område. (Duchowski, 2017).
Ögonspårning har använts inom olika branscher för att skapa förståelse kring
uppfattning av marknadsföring bland kunder samt hur piloternas handlingar skiljer
sig från natt till dag (Duchowski, 2017). Tidigare studier har även genomförts inom
e-sport där Velichkovsky et al. (2019) bevisade att det finns en klar skillnad mellan
skicklighetsnivåer då det kommer till visuella fixeringar.

7.4.3 Psykologiska och fysiologiska aspekterna inom ögonspårning och e-sport

Lagen på toppnivå inom e-sport går igenom hektiska perioder av resande och
spelande vilket har väckt en oro kring välbefinnandet av spelarna. Danska laget
Astralis är ett av de lagen som redan sett konsekvenserna av de hektiska perioderna
då flera av deras spelare gått miste om turneringar på grund av hälsoproblem. En av
lösningarna Astralis kom fram med var att anställa en idrottspsykolog för att ta itu
med spelarnas individuella problem. (HLTV, 2018). Nästa steg i att förebygga
hälsoproblem var att anställa en till spelare till de tidigare fem spelarna inom laget.
Då laget har en sjätte spelare till sitt förfogande, kan laget rotera spelare och därmed
låta vissa spelare återhämta sig en längre tid vid behov. En annan aspekt som lyfts
51

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
fram är att laget inte kan träna utan att alla spelare deltar, genom att ha en extra
spelare minskar man även stressen som orsakas av press från lagmedlemmar.
(HLTV, 2020).
En av idrottspsykologins tre viktigaste principer är utvecklingen av de kognitivaoch beteendefärdigheterna för att förbättra idrottarnas prestationer enligt American
Psychological Association (i.å.). Tidigare studier inom hälsobranschen har bevisat att
man med användning av ögonspårare kan upptäcka mental trötthet, vilket man även
kunnat konstatera ha direkt påverkan på de kognitiva prestationerna (Yamada och
Kobayashi, 2018). NeuroTracker lyfter fram att spelare inom e-sport uppnår
hundratals rörelser per minut. Då rörelserna är asymmetriska blir det en stor
belastning på hjärnan, speciellt under längre spelsessioner. (NeuroTracker, 2019).

7.5 Redogörelse för undersökningen

7.5.1 Experimentets uppbyggnad

Huvudmålet med genomförandet av experimentet var att skapa en bättre förståelse
för mervärdet av ögonspåraren. Experimentets uppbyggnad bestod av att deltagaren
spelade en match av den elektroniska versionen av ishockey, NHL 20. Matchen
bandades in för att analysera deltagarens handlingar under matchen. I samband med
att deltagaren spelade en match, användes en ögonspårare för att analysera
deltagarens placering av blicken.
I experimentet deltog endast en person, och för analyserna har det slumpmässigt
valts ut ett utdrag från matchen som bandats in. Utdraget analyseras med betoning på
situationer där spelaren som observeras vinner tillbaka pucken från motståndaren.
Två skilda analyser görs; en analys av spelsituationerna utan ögonspårarens
information, och en analys av spelsituationerna med ögonspårarens information
tillgänglig. De två analyserna jämförs sedan för att se vilket mervärde analysen med
ögonspåraren kan ha.

7.5.2 Analys och preliminära resultat

52

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Analyserna baserar sig på fem scenarier; tre defensiva respektive två offensiva
scenarier. Jämförelsen av de två analyserna bevisar ett mervärde i användningen av
information från ögonspåraren. Alla situationer hade dock inte samma grad av
mervärde, vilket ledde till en uppdelning på låg, medel och hög påverkan av
ögonspåraren. Alla tre defensiva scenarier visade att ögonspåraren bekräftade den
tidigare analysen, men bidrog inte med extra information, därmed klassades de som
påverkande av medelgrad. De två offensiva scenarierna klassades som påverkande av
hög grad, då man kunde bekräfta den tidigare analysen, samt bidra med
tilläggsinformation om situationen.
En analys av en värmekarta indikerade att spelarens uppmärksamhet fanns
konstant på rinken och inte utanför spelzonen.

7.6 Resultat och Diskussion

7.6.1 Vilka analytiska hjälpmedel används för tillfället i e-sport och hur ser den
analytiska processen ut?

De flesta verktygen som för tillfället används inom e-sport är mjukvaror som gör det
möjligt för lag att analysera sina matcher eller träningspass. Mjukvarorna gör det
analytiska jobbet lättare, då man kan se olika matchsituationer från olika perspektiv
(Performetric, i.å.). Vid sidan om de visuella hjälpmedlen, drar man även nytta av
statistik från matcher på individuell och lagnivå.
Själva analytiska processen inom e-sport påminner om kunskapshantering (van
Heijst et al, 1999) och data samlas då laget eller en individ spelar matcher. Insamlad
data måste tolkas och förvandlas till information och kan sedan ytterligare förenklas
genom att visualisera den, vilket gör det lättare för andra att förstå den. Visualiserad
data kan sedan användas för att skapa nya strategier inom laget, vilket laget kan ha
nytta av i nästa match. Under nästa match samlas data igen för att påbörja kretsloppet
av kunskapshantering på nytt. I det nya kretsloppet kan man nu även inkludera en
utvärdering av den föregående kunskapshanteringen och med hjälp av denna kan
man upptäcka behov av förändringar i processen.
53

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
7.6.2 Vad går ögonspårning ut på och vad kan det bidra med till e-sport?

Ögonspårning handlar om att följa med hur individer upplever olika situationer och
vad de lägger märke till. Tidigare studier inom ämnet e-sport har framfört resultat där
ögonspårning kan bidra med en mängd nyttig information (Korotin et al., 2019).
Spelarnas blick observerades för att skapa värmekartor, varefter man kunde dra
slutsatsen att professionella idrottare inom e-sport skiljer sig märkbart från de som
endast spelar för nöje (Velichkovsky et al., 2019).
Experimentet som genomfördes i denna avhandling har bestyrkt de resultat som
visats i tidigare studier. Analyser gjorda med och utan data med hjälp av
ögonspåraren bevisade att man i vissa situationer kunde skapa mervärde för spelarens
utveckling genom användning av ögonspåraren.
Den senaste utvecklingen inom e-sport visar ett ökat intresse av den psykiska och
fysiska aspekten av spelandet både bland lag och individer. Flera lag har redan
anställt psykologer som är specialiserade inom sport och idrottare (HLTV, 2018).
Detta betyder att ögonspåraren kunde hämta mervärde till laget genom att bidra med
detaljerad information om t.ex. individuella spelares kognitiva förmågor och mentala
tröttheten. Mental trötthet påverkar inte endast den psykiska hälsan, utan den kan på
långt sikt även ha en negativ inverkan på den fysiska hälsan (American
Psychological Association, i.å.).
Då man lärt sig mera om individernas återhämtningsfaser kan man bättre planera
tidtabellen för vila och träning. Träningarna genomförs då spelarna är i den mest
alerta fasen av sin dag för att optimera prestationen. Då spelarna närmar sig slutet av
fasen, avrundar man träningspasset och inleder återhämtningsfasen för att säkerställa
både psykiskt och fysiskt välbefinnande.

7.6.3 Hur genomförs ett experiment inom ögonspårning?

För att genomföra ett experiment inom ögonspårning krävs rätt utrustning och en
anläggning där man kan kontrollera vissa variabler. Kontrollerbara variabler kan
handla om temperatur, ljusstyrka eller ljudnivå. Planeringen av experimentet är
viktigt för att få användbara resultat. (Duchowski, 2017). Det viktigaste för lagen
inom e-sport är att skapa en anläggning som är möjlig att återskapa även om laget
54

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
befinner sig i ett annat land. Det är viktigt att kunna återskapa anläggningen,
eftersom lagen inom e-sport reser största delen av året från evenemang till
evenemang utan att återvända hem emellan.
Ögonspårare finns tillgängliga i olika prisklasser, där de billigare versionerna
erbjuder bättre mobilitet, medan de dyrare har sina styrkor i resultatens precision.
Valet av ögonspårare bestäms enligt de önskade resultaten. Vill man endast ha en
vag översikt av en spelares förståelse av spelet, kan man använda sig av de billigare
ögonspårarna. Vill en däremot ha mer detaljerad information om en spelare på långt
sikt är det värt att satsa på en dyrare ögonspårare för att garantera mer enhetliga
resultat.

7.6.4 Kan ögonspårning fungera som ett komplement till nuvarande analytiska
processer?

Då e-sport blir mer konkurrenskraftigt handlar det till slut om detaljer, för att vinna
på toppnivå krävs varje möjlig fördel. Utvecklingen inom e-sport har redan sett en
ökad användning av data och mjukvara, för att gå mer in på detalj kunde man vända
sig till ögonspårning.
För att dra mest nytta av den information man får av insamlade data och
analyserna från matcher, kan ögonspårning absolut fungera som ett komplement.
Situationen är inte enhetlig bland alla spelare, då de som har mer erfarenhet och
förståelse av ett spel högst antagligen inte har lika stor nytta av ögonspårarens
analys.
Under skrivandet av avhandlingen uppkom information om möjlighet till
uppföljning av hälsan med hjälp av ögonspåraren. Eftersom flera lag inom e-sport
har uttryckt intresse av att satsa på den psykiska och fysiska delen av elektronisk
sport, blev det uppenbart att ögonspåraren kunde vara ett värdefullt redskap i
sammanhanget. Ögonspårare som verktyg för att samla in information om
individuella spelares psykiska hälsa gör den även användbar för de spelare som inte
drar någon nytta av en mer traditionell spelanalys.

55

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

8 Reference list

alluCSGO. (2019, 2nd of October). Since Berlin major started 37 days ago: 8 days
at home 29 days either traveling or at events. Lineup change inbetween. Going
throught 6 maps in 8 pcw days. Its been quite a ride. Give us all the hate you can. We
will prove you wrong. Peace 🙏 [Twitter post]. Retrieved 2020-4-7 from
https://twitter.com/alluCSGO/status/1179425445818834948
American Psychological Association. (n.d.). Sport Psychology. Retrieved 2020-43 from
https://www.apa.org/ed/graduate/specialize/sports
Birmingham, A. (2019, June 23). How Analytics Gives Team Liquid — The
World’s Top Esports Organisation — A Winning Advantage. Retrieved 2020-4-3
from
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-analytics-gives-team-liquid-worlds-topesports-andrew-birmingham/
Blausen.com

staff.

2014". WikiJournal

of

(2014).

"Medical

gallery

of

Blausen

Medical

Medicine 1 (2). DOI:10.15347/wjm/2014.010. ISSN 2002-

4436.
Chan, T. C., Cho, J. A., & Novati, D. C. (2012). Quantifying the contribution of
NHL player types to team performance. Interfaces, 42(2), 131-145.
Chennamma, H. R., & Yuan, X. (2013). A survey on eye-gaze tracking
techniques. arXiv preprint arXiv:1312.6410.

56

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Cooper, A. (2012). What is analytics? Definition and essential characteristics.
CETIS Analytics Series, 1(5), 1-10.
Creswell, J.W., & Plano Clark, V.L. (2007). Designing and conducting mixed
methods
research. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications.
Duchowski, A.T., (2017). Eye Tracking Methodology. Theory and Practice.
Springer.
EA SPORTS. (n.d.). RPM TECH SPEED AND SHOOTING. Retrieved 2019-1112 from
https://www.ea.com/games/nhl/nhl-20/news/gameplay-deep-dive-signature-shots
Fortnitetracker. (2019). Ninja’s Fortnite Stats. Retrieved 2019-7-31 from
https://fortnitetracker.com/profile/pc/Ninja
HLTV. (n.d. a). Attended events 2019. Retrieved 2020-4-3 from
https://www.hltv.org/stats/teams/events/4869/ENCE?startDate=2019-0101&endDate=2019-12-31
HLTV. (n.d. b). Retrieved 2019-7-31 from
https://www.hltv.org/stats/teams/maps/4869/ENCE
HLTV.

(2018).

THE

MIND

GAME

META:

ASTRALIS'

MENTAL

SUPREMACY. Retrieved 2020-4-3 from
https://www.hltv.org/news/25672/the-mind-game-meta-astralis-mental-supremacy
HLTV. (2020a). ASTRALIS: "ES3TAG WILL BE A PART OF THE TEAM ON
EQUAL TERMS WITH EVERYBODY ELSE". Retrieved 2020-4-3 from
https://www.hltv.org/news/29333/astralis-es3tag-will-be-a-part-of-the-team-onequal-terms-with-everybody-else

57

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
HLTV.

(2020b). NAVI PSYCHOLOGIST: "THE CURRENT TEAM

ATMOSPHERE IS OPTIMAL; THINGS HAVE NATURALLY FALLEN INTO
PLACE

IN-GAME".

Retrieved

2020-4-21

from

https://www.hltv.org/news/29489/navi-psychologist-the-current-team-atmosphere-isoptimal-things-have-naturally-fallen-into-place-in-game
Keegan. (2010, April 14). 6 Laws of Defensive Positioning. Retrieved 2020-2-19
from
http://www.schoolyardpuck.com/2010/04/hockey-positioning-on-defense.html
Korotin, A., Khromov, N., Stepanov, A., Lange, A., Burnaev, E., & Somov, A.
(2019). Towards Understanding of eSports Athletes' Potentialities: The Sensing
System for Data Collection and Analysis. arXiv preprint arXiv:1908.06403.
Macaulauy, T. (2018, February 2). Could brainwave analysis turn eSport gamers
into elite athletes?. Retrieved 2020-4-3 from
https://www.techworld.com/data/could-brainwave-analysis-turn-esport-gamersinto-elite-athletes-3671451/
Mangeloja, Esa. (2019). Economics of Esports. Electronic Journal of Business
Ethics

and

Organization

Studies,

24

(2),

34-42.

http://ejbo.jyu.fi/pdf/ejbo_vol24_no2_pages_34-42.pdf

Medler, B. (2011). Player dossiers: Analyzing gameplay data as a reward. Game
Studies, 11(1). (Retrieved 31.7.2019)


Player dossier picture

Nolan. (2010, June 3). Offensive Positioning. Retrieved 2020-2-19 from
http://www.schoolyardpuck.com/2010/06/offensive-positioning.html
Performetric. (n.d.). Real Time Mental Fatigue Management. Retrieved 2020-4-3
from https://performetric.gg/

58

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Pieters, R., & Wedel, M. (2017). A review of eye-tracking research in marketing.
In Review of marketing research (pp. 143-167). Routledge.
Power, D. J. (2001). Supporting decision-makers: An expanded framework.
Proceedings of Informing Science and IT Education, 1901-1915.
Shadow. (n.d.). Game-changing esports analytics. Retrieved 2020-3-23 from
https://shadow.gg/
Stimson, R. (2017, May 15). Identifying Team Playing Styles with Clustering.
Retrieved 2019-11-13 from https://hockey-graphs.com/2017/05/15/identifying-teamplaying-styles-with-clustering/
The Neurotracker Team. (2019, January 17). The Athletic Dimension of eSports.
Retrieved 2020-4-3 from
https://neurotracker.net/2019/01/17/the-athletic-dimension-of-esports/
Tobiipro. (n.d.). Sports Performance and Research. Retrieved 2020-3-23 from
https://www.tobiipro.com/fields-of-use/sports-research/
Turun Sanomat. (2013, November 13). Videovalmentaja kaivaa totuutta esiin.
Retrieved 2020-2-19 from
https://www.ts.fi/urheilu/jaakiekko/559928/
Videovalmentaja+kaivaa+totuutta+esiin
University of York. (2017, October 30). Capturing the extraordinary: Echo brings
esports statistics to life. Retrieved 2019-10-1 from
https://www.york.ac.uk/news-and-events/news/2017/research/echo-esports-tool/
van Heijst, G., van der Spek, R., Edwards, J. S., Mallis, R., van der Meij, B., &
Taylor, R. M. (1999). Theoretical Framework for Knowledge Management: A
Gaming Approach. Knowledge management handbook.

59

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä
Velichkovsky, B. B., Khromov, N., Korotin, A., Burnaev, E., & Somov, A.
(2019). Visual Fixations Duration as an Indicator of Skill Level in eSports. arXiv
preprint arXiv:1906.01699.
Vescovi, J. D., Murray, T. M., Fiala, K. A., & VanHeest, J. L. (2006). Off-ice
performance and draft status of elite ice hockey players. International journal of
sports physiology and performance, 1(3), 207-221.
Wooden, A. (n.d.). How Big Data is Revolutionising The Future of Esports. How
Do You Play a Perfect Game? Modern Esports Is Turning to Big Data to Find the
Answers. Retrieved 2019-10-1 from
https://www.intel.co.uk/content/www/uk/en/it-management/cloud-analytic-hub/
big-data-powered-esports.html

60

Analytical support in esports | Benjamin Kähärä

61

