Techno-economic assessment of three thermal energy
storage technologies
Oskar Norrgård

Master’s thesis
Supervisor: M. Sc. Peter Knookala, Wärtsilä Oyj
Examinator: Prof. Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho
Energy Technology, Vasa
Study programme in Chemical Engineering
Faculty of Science and Engineering
Åbo Akademi University
May 4, 2020

ABSTRAKT
Den aktuella klimatkrisen har medfört målsättningar och krav för alla energisektorer.
För att motverka klimatförändringen bör energisektorerna övergå till rena och hållbara
energikällor. För värmesektorn anses denna övergång vara svår att genomföra, vilket
är ett problem i och med att värmesektorn utgör den största energisektorn. Det finns
dock teknologier som anses ha stor potential för detta, av vilka några framstående är
fjärrvärme, kraftvärme och värmelagring. I och med att värmelagring kan användas
för att separera produktionen av värme och el i kraftvärmeverk, anses denna teknologi
ha stor potential för att korrigera skillnader i behov av el och värme.
Huvudsyftet med denna avhandling är att identifiera faktorer som begränsar
användningen av en viss värmelagringsmetod för ett system. För identifieringen av
dessa utförs en tekno-ekonomisk utvärdering av tre värmelagringsmetoder vilka anses
vara mest relevanta för uppdragsgivaren. Utvärderingen genomförs i huvudsak på
basen av en grundlig litteraturgenomgång. Systemet till vilket värmelagret inkopplas
anses i avhandlingen vara ett kraftvärmeverk som producerar fjärrvärme. De
värmelagringsmetoder som behandlas i utvärderingen är tre olika alternativ för lagring
av vatten i tank.
Det konstaterades att de viktigaste faktorerna som kan begränsa användningen av
lagringmetod är temperatur, tryck och kostnader. I resultaten presenteras gränsvärden
för dessa faktorer. Utöver dessa presenteras även designrekommendationer och
begränsningar gällande inkoppling av värmelagret till systemet. Som enskild del av
resultaten presenteras även kostnadsuppskattningar för de tre teknologierna, samt ett
verktyg som har utformats för att undersöka hur ett system med värmelagring beter sig
i olika driftlägen.
Verktyget, som är uppbyggt i Excel, beräknar för flöden, tryck och differentialtryck i
systemet vid olika driftlägen. Det är dock enbart möjligt att utföra statiska beräkningar
med verktyget. Det främsta utvecklingsförslaget är således att överföra verktyget till
ett program som är anpassat för dynamiska simuleringar.
Nyckelord: Tekno-ekonomisk utvärdering, värmelagring, fjärrvärme

I

ABSTRACT
In order to counteract climate change, the energy sectors need to transition to more
clean, efficient and sustainable technologies. While the transition proceeds at good
rates within the power sector, the progress within the heating and cooling sector is
considered inadequate. As the heating and cooling represents the largest energy sector,
it is of utmost importance to decarbonize it along with the other energy sectors.
Technologies with great potential for this include district heating, combined heat and
power and thermal energy storage. The last is considered as an important technology,
as it can be utilized to decouple the heat and power production in a CHP plant, thus
correcting potential mismatches in the heat and power demand.
The purpose of this thesis is to identify factors that will limit the suitability of using a
certain TES system for a process. In order to do this, a techno-economic assessment
needs to be conducted, taking the TES technologies deemed most relevant for the
commissioner into consideration. For this thesis, the process of interest is an ICE CHP
plant producing and supplying heat to a district heating network. The TES technologies
considered for the assessment are one-zone, two-zone and pressurized storage, which
are variants of tank TES, using water as the storage medium.
Through a thorough literature review it was concluded that the most important factors
to consider when selecting a thermal storage system are temperature, pressure and cost.
In the results, suggested values for these are presented for the three technologies, along
with recommendations regarding design and integration of the storage system to a
district heating network. In addition to these, the cost estimations have been prepared
for the technologies. Furthermore, it was deemed important to study how a system
with thermal storage behaves in different operating modes. For this, a tool was
prepared in Microsoft Excel, which calculates pressures, differential pressures and
flows in a system in different operating scenarios.
Further work could focus on the tool prepared for studying operating modes. Currently,
it is only possible to perform static calculations with the tool. The tool could be further
improved if it were transferred to a program suited for dynamic simulations.
Key words: Techno-economic assessment, thermal energy storage, district heating

II

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABSTRAKT ..................................................................................................................I
ABSTRACT ................................................................................................................ II
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ........................................................................................ V
LIST OF SYMBOLS AND ABBREVIATIONS .......................................................VI
1

2

INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................ 1
1.1

Purpose and demarcation ............................................................................... 4

1.2

Structure of the thesis .................................................................................... 5

BACKGROUND AND LITERATURE REVIEW............................................... 7
2.1

2.1.1

Rapid growth of variable renewable energy........................................... 8

2.1.2

Challenges with integrating high shares of VRE ................................. 10

2.1.3

Increased need for flexibility in the power sector ................................ 12

2.2

Strategies for redesigning the heating sector ........................................ 17

2.2.2

Challenges regarding the targets for redesigning the heating sector .... 20

2.2.3

Exploiting synergies between the heating and the power sector .......... 23

Thermal energy storage ............................................................................... 26

2.3.1

Methods for thermal energy storage ..................................................... 27

2.3.2

Sensible thermal energy storage with water ......................................... 30

2.3.3

High temperature thermal energy storage with water .......................... 32

2.4

4

Current state of and outlook for the heating sector...................................... 16

2.2.1

2.3

3

Current state of and outlook for the power sector ......................................... 7

Tank thermal energy storage ....................................................................... 34

2.4.1

Technologies for tank thermal energy storage ..................................... 35

2.4.2

Design aspects for tank thermal stores ................................................. 39

2.4.3

Integration of tank thermal stores to district heating networks ............ 39

MATERIAL AND METHODS .......................................................................... 47
3.1

Technical assessment ................................................................................... 47

3.2

Economic assessment .................................................................................. 49

3.3

Tool for studying operating modes .............................................................. 52

RESULTS ........................................................................................................... 54
4.1

Techno-economic assessment ...................................................................... 54

4.2

Tool for studying operating modes .............................................................. 58

III

5

ASSESSMENT OF RESULTS ........................................................................... 60

6

CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS ............................................. 63

SVENSK SAMMANFATTNING – SWEDISH SUMMARY .................................. 64
REFERENCES ........................................................................................................... 69
APPENDICES ............................................................................................................ 76

IV

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
This Master’s thesis has been conducted for Wärtsilä Oyj. I would like to thank my
supervisor Peter Knookala for excellent support and rewarding discussions during the
thesis, which have helped shape the thesis immensely. Furthermore, I would like to
thank Krister Lindqvist for giving me the opportunity of doing a thesis with such a
relevant and interesting subject.
I would also like to express my gratitude to Professor Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho
for the great support during the thesis. Through her support I have been able to improve
my thesis further, and her guidance has been very valuable.
Lastly, I would like to thank my fiancée, family and friends for the support they have
provided during my studies. Their support carries the utmost importance for me, and
it has been the most vital factor for this achievement.

Vaasa, May 3, 2020
Oskar Norrgård

V

LIST OF SYMBOLS AND ABBREVIATIONS
𝐴

Area

𝑐𝑝

Heat capacity

𝐸

Energy

𝑚

Mass

𝑚̇

Mass flow

𝑛

Shaft speed

𝑝

Pressure

𝑄

Thermal energy

𝜌

Density

𝑇

Temperature

𝑈

Heat transfer coefficient

𝑉

Volume

𝑉̇

Volume flow

ATES

Aquifer thermal energy storage

BTES

Borehole thermal energy storage

CHP

Combined heat and power

CO2

Carbon dioxide

COP

Coefficient of performance

EC

European Commission

EN

European norm

EU

European Union

ICE

Internal combustion engine

PCM

Phase changing material

PED

Pressure equipment directive

PTES

Pit thermal energy storage

PV

Photovoltaic

RES

Renewable energy sources

TES

Thermal energy storage

TTES

Tank thermal energy storage

VRE

Variable renewable energy

VI

1

INTRODUCTION

During the past decades, the global energy demand has increased significantly. There
are several reasons for this, but driving causes are stated to be increased population
and changing living standards in middle- and low-income countries. According to IEA
(2019) the pace at which the demand increases gains speed as well, driven by increased
heating and cooling needs as well as a robust global economy. Increased energy
demand inevitably leads to increased demand for, and consumption of fuels. With
fossil fuels holding the major share of energy production, the increased energy demand
has also led to increased carbon dioxide emissions. The CO2 emissions are considered
as one of the driving causes for climate change, which is why strategies have been
developed in order to phase out fossil fuels and to transform the energy sector into a
sustainable sector based on renewable energy sources.
As the transition to RES gains speed globally, something that often seems to be
overlooked is the heating and cooling sector. It is considered unclear how meeting the
European Unions’s goals on decarbonizing and energy efficiency will be achieved in
that part of the larger energy system. In a report by Patronen et al. (2017), it is stated
that in 2017, half of the EU’s energy consumption would consist of heating and cooling
in buildings and industry. Adding to that, it is stated that as much as 75% of the heating
and cooling in the EU would be fossil fuel-based, while 16% would be generated from
RES. This data provides an insight into the need of decarbonizing the heating and
cooling sector, and while there are clear objectives for decarbonizing the power sector
in Europe, the objectives are still unclear for heating and cooling (Paardekooper, et al.,
2018).
As a step towards solving the aforementioned problem, the European Commission
presented the first strategy for optimizing the European heating and cooling sector in
2016 (European Commission, 2016a). The strategy identifies the main problems for
the inefficient heating and cooling sector to be a high amount of old buildings in
Europe, a too small portion of renewables and the fact that too much energy is being
wasted. These points create the base for an inefficient heating and cooling sector and
need to be amended in order to transition to a smart, sustainable and efficient system.

1

When focusing on the wasted energy, it is stated that the amount of wasted heat, mainly
from industrial processes, would likely be enough to cover the entire heating needs in
residential and tertiary buildings in the EU (European Commission, 2016a). The reuse
of this waste energy would mean a remarkable improvement of the heating and cooling
sector’s energy efficiency. According to the EC, there are some solutions that can be
implemented in order to reuse the wasted energy. These include infrastructure
development, cooling via cogeneration and chillers and with direct feed via district
heating systems, which is already quite broadly practiced, both on a global scale as
well as within Europe.
In the article International Review of District Heating and Cooling (2017), the author
Sven Werner states that there are over 80 000 installed district heating systems
globally, out of which about 6 000 are located in Europe. It is stated that major district
heating systems appear in large cities, such as Moscow, Beijing and New York outside
Europe, and Helsinki, Paris and Prague within Europe. Werner continues by
identifying the main user categories of district heating, which are industries and
buildings. It is stated that the two users bought a total of 11.5 EJ of heat in the energy
sector distributed by district heating in 2014. Out of this total number the EU, China
and Russia accounted for 85%.
Although district heating can be considered a mature technology, its utilization is still
considered low. The total heat use globally in 2014 was 74 EJ, and out of that district
heating accounted for 11.5 EJ. Additionally, the EU’s share of the 74 EJ is stated to
have been 10 EJ (Werner, 2017). It is further told that district heating provided 9% of
the EU’s heating in 2016, with the production of district heating being highly reliable
on fossil fuels (European Commission, 2016b). This once again highlights the need
for decarbonization. Even though district heating can be used to integrate various
energy sources, there are barriers that pose problems for doing this. These barriers
include lack of awareness, information, heat networks, cooperation and inadequate
business models. These problems stand in the way of transforming the sector into the
smart, sustainable and energy efficient heating and cooling sector that is needed.
Currently, the main sources of energy for district heating, and for heat production in
general, are oil and coal. However, trends show a rapid decrease in the use of these

2

fuels for baseload power generation, which in turn means that actions need to be taken
in the heating and cooling sector as well. The current situation indicates that a large
amount of the energy in the heating and cooling sector is produced by baseload fossil
fuels, and the declination of these indicates that there will be a substantially lower
amount of baseload heat available in the future. This brings forth the need for increased
flexibility in the heating and cooling sector, as well as in the energy sector as a whole.
Adding to this, Heat Roadmap Europe 4 indicates that the share of district heating in
the heating and cooling sector in Europe is expected to increase from 9% to 46% by
2050, further highlighting the need for flexible heat generation (Paardekooper, et al.,
2018).
It is predicted that combined heat and power generation will play an important role in
increasing the flexibility of both the heating and the power sector. Predictions show a
rapid increase in highly flexible power stations consisting of gas turbines and internal
combustion engines. In most cases these power stations are realized as CHP plants,
which means that the stations can produce both heat and power according to demand.
However, variations and mismatch in the heat and power demand require balancing by
utilizing additional technologies. Thermal energy storage is considered an important
technology for this, as it can be utilized to store heat when the demand is low and to
discharge when required.
TES as a technology is very mature, and the technology has already been developing
during the past five decades. This means that there are also many different technologies
for TES readily available, with different technologies suiting different purposes.
According to Gibb et al. (2018), one of the main challenges with integrating TES to a
process is identifying the advantages and disadvantages of the various concepts. It is
stated that these need to be identified in order to match the most beneficial thermal
storage to the process in question. As Gibb et al. (2018) state that there is no ‘one-sizefits-all’ for TES, Sørensen & Schmidt (2018) also point out that it is required to
conduct a technical-economic assessment of the possible storage concepts in order to
find the best solution. Furthermore, Gibb et al. (2018) state that evaluation needs to be
done based on detailed characterization of three features, which are the storage system
the process, and the benefits of integrating the storage within the process.

3

1.1

Purpose and demarcation

The main purpose of this thesis is to identify key factors that will limit the suitability
of using a certain thermal storage system for a process. As stated by Gibb et al. (2018),
these need to be determined in order to select a suitable storage system for a process.
This is of relevance to the commissioner, as it will facilitate the procedure of selecting
a suitable storage system in line with defined process parameters. This is in turn
expected to make the execution of future projects with thermal energy storage more
efficient.
The process of interest in this case is an ICE CHP plant producing heat which is
supplied to a district heating network. These highly flexible power plants consist of
one or more internal combustion engines, producing electricity and heat through the
combustion of gas or fuel oil. The size range for these power plants is very vast,
depending on the number of engines in the plant and the generation capacity of each
engine, and can range from below 10 MW to over 400 MW. Despite the wide size
range, the focus is henceforth set on plants below 100 MW, as this is most often the
case for plants used for the purpose of correcting mismatches between demand and
production.
It needs to be determined what thermal storage technologies are most suited for these
types of applications. Furthermore, it is considered important to study what
recommendations and limits are set on a thermal storage system when integrated to an
ICE CHP plant that is connected to a district heating network. In addition to this,
estimating the costs of the storage systems is deemed important. The economic
assessment can be considered as the most important part of a project, as it determines
the feasibility of the project. Furthermore, it is deemed important to study how a
system with thermal storage behaves in different operating modes. Calculating
pressures and flows for a process with heat storage at different operating scenarios is
considered important for the execution of a project with heat storage. It is expected
that the calculation results can be used as a starting point for dynamic simulations,
which makes the project execution phase more streamlined.

4

As the topic of the thesis is very vast, the thesis is limited to TES with water as the
heat storage medium. The reason for this is that water is the most common heat transfer
medium in district heating systems. Thermal storage with water is also considered the
most relevant for the commissioner. Despite this, other TES technologies are also
presented and discussed briefly.
Even as the heat storage medium is limited to water, there are several technologies
available for consideration, which is why the thesis is further limited to a specific
storage technology known as tank thermal energy storage. TTES is also regarded as
the technology with the most relevance to the commissioner. TTES is stated to be
suitable for short-term storage and is often the technology of choice for covering
demand variations. As for TTES, there are three main technologies available, which
are presented and discussed in depth. Each of the technologies have their own benefits
and drawbacks, which are identified and discussed in the thesis. The size range for
TTES is very wide, ranging from some hundred to several ten thousand cubic meters.
The size of the storage system depends to some extent on the selected technology, but
mainly on the required storage capacity. Despite the wide size range, the range is not
limited as the required storage capacity depends largely on the capacity of the CHP
plant the storage is integrated into, which is limited to 100 MW.
The thesis also presents a comprehensive background regarding the current energy
transition in the energy sector. In this section of the thesis strategies and possible
challenges and solutions for decarbonizing the energy sector are presented and
discussed. This is considered relevant for the thesis, as it highlights the need for an
increased amount of co-generation of heat and power combined with TES in the future,
also providing an insight into the benefits of integrating thermal storage within an ICE
CHP plant.
1.2

Structure of the thesis

The thesis is divided into six main chapters. The thesis starts with an introduction
presenting the current energy transition and the need for flexible heat and power
generation in brief. After this the purpose and demarcation of the thesis are presented.
Chapter two consists of a comprehensive background presenting the changes currently

5

taking place in the energy sector in order to further emphasize the need for flexible
heat and power generation and particularly TES. Chapter two is then continued with a
literature review for TES. The focus of the literature review is set on three storage
technologies that have been deemed the most relevant for the commissioner, which are
tank thermal energy storage with one-zone, two-zone and pressurized tanks. In chapter
three materials and methods used to conduct the thesis are presented, while the main
results achieved through the thesis are presented and discussed in chapter four. The
thesis is then continued with an assessment of the results in chapter five and ended
with conclusions in chapter six.

6

2

BACKGROUND AND LITERATURE REVIEW

While the share of renewables in the energy sector increases at an accelerated rate, the
intermittent nature of many of these energy sources poses challenges for achieving a
balanced and efficient power sector. Adding to this, trends show a rapid decrease in
the use of fossil fuels such as coal, oil and gas in the future, as can be expected.
However, these fossil fuels are currently the main source of heat, and they supplied
75% of the total heating and cooling demand in Europe in 2017 (Patronen, et al., 2017).
This creates additional challenges in the whole energy sector, and in this chapter these
challenges and possible strategies to undertake them are also addressed.
According to Dinçer & Rosen (2011) a wide range of technologies will be required in
order to compensate for variations in supply and demand in the future. Thermal energy
storage is considered as a technology with great potential for this. The technology has
been developing during the past five decades, which has resulted in it being a readily
available and mature technology. However, this also means that there are several
methods available for TES, each with their own advantages and disadvantages.
Identifying these is necessary in order to be able to select the most beneficial thermal
storage technology for a process.
2.1

Current state of and outlook for the power sector

Ever since industrial revolution the fossil fuel consumption has increased rapidly
(Ediger, 2019). The appeal and benefits of fossil fuels have been many, including
affordability, increased employment rates, and energy security to name a few.
However, challenges such as environmental deterioration and a decreasing supply of
resources has shifted the focus from fossil fuels to more sustainable options. In
IRENA’s report Global Energy Transformation: A Roadmap to 2050 (2019) IRENA’s
Director-General Francesco La Camera begins his foreword by stating that the global
energy transformation is currently under way, which means that the energy sector is
currently in a transitioning phase into a sustainable system with significantly lower
carbon emissions. La Camera states that the transformation is crucial in order to limit
climate change and to foster sustainable growth. Furthermore, he states the
transformation has been enabled by declining costs of renewable energy, improved

7

possibilities regarding energy efficiency and smarter technology, among other things.
However, in order to meet the global climate objectives, such as the ones set by the
Paris Agreement in 2015 (UN, 2015), the transition needs to take place faster. La
Camera predicts that in order to meet the set objectives, the deployment rate for
renewable energy must increase six-fold from the current rates.
The Paris Agreement is a legally-binding framework which was adopted in 2015
during the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. Through the Paris
Agreement 196 parties agreed to undertake climate change. The key points of the Paris
Agreement include limiting the global temperature increase to below 2 °C and
reaching the peak of greenhouse gas emissions as soon as possible. The latter of these
is needed in order to reach net-zero emissions by the second half of the 21st century.
According to La Camera (IRENA, 2019), the key solution to creating the sustainable
and clean system would be to pair the electrification of the energy sector with the
production of clean electricity. It is stated that electricity’s share in the total energy use
would have to increase to nearly 50% by the half of the century in order to meet the
goals, with the current share being 20%. If that was the case, renewables would atone
for 86% considering power generation and nearly 70% considering total energy
consumption. Combining renewable power generation with an electrified energy
sector in such a manner could then possibly reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 60%.
This, however, also has its challenges. Electrifying the energy sector to such extents
would for instance require the demand to occur at times when the conditions for
renewable energy generation are favorable.
2.1.1

Rapid growth of variable renewable energy

Currently, the global energy system is 85.5% fossil fuel dependent on average, with
the shares varying from 32.1 – 100% depending the country (Ediger, 2019). The
highest shares are found in India and Japan, with fossil fuel dependencies of 92.5%
and 90.8 % respectively, while the average of the EU is 75.4%. However, the share of
fossil fuels in the energy sector is rapidly decreasing, with the power generation sector
leading the way (IRENA, 2019). The rapid growth of renewables in the power
generation sector is proven by the increased share of renewable energy from
approximately 25% to 34% during the year 2017 alone, by the end of which the

8

installed capacity had reached 2 337 GW. The installed capacity can be dissected into
54% hydropower, 22% wind power, and 17% solar photovoltaic, out of which wind
and solar PV are expected to increase at accelerated rates. This indicates that wind and
solar PV power, or variable renewable energy technologies as IRENA calls them, play
a central role in the energy transformation.
IRENA (2019) predicts that the capacity of VRE will rise from the current 900 GW to
13 000 GW by 2050, with VRE technologies thus being the leading party in the energy
transition. It is stated that these technologies will account for around 60% of the total
power generation by that point, tripling and doubling the annual wind and solar
capacity respectively from the levels in 2017. This has also been predicted by the
business and financial data company Bloomberg in their New Energy Outlook report
(EB Business Intelligence, 2019). Bloomberg predicts the same growth rate for
annually installed wind and solar power capacity by the year 2030, as can be seen in
Figure 1. This would mean that the annually installed wind capacity, consisting of both
on- and offshore wind, would increase from 49 GW in 2018 to 162 GW by 2030, while
the annually installed solar capacity, consisting of small and utility-scale PV and solar
thermal power, would increase from 109 GW to 208 GW during the same time frame.

220

180

GW

140

100

60

20
2018

2020

2022

2024
Wind

2026

2028

2030

Solar

Figure 1. Predicted annual capacity addition for wind and solar power by 2030 (EB Business Intelligence, 2019;
modified)

9

Integrating such high shares of VRE would require contained costs for power systems
and that the systems in question are malleable to design changes, which means that the
power system must be up to date with on-going trends regarding electrification,
decentralization and digitalization (IRENA, 2019). Adding to these, the power systems
will require increased flexibility, due to the fact that VRE technologies are nondispatchable, which means that they have an intermittent nature (Kroposki, 2017). The
outlook predicted by Bloomberg (2019) shows that several energy production and
storage methods need to be implemented in order to reach the required levels of
flexibility. These methods need to work together in manners different from today in
order to keep the energy sector steady and balanced despite the intermittent nature of
the VRE technologies.
2.1.2

Challenges with integrating high shares of VRE

One of the main challenges with integrating high shares of VRE stems from the
intermittent nature of the energy sources categorized under that term (Kroposki, 2017).
The sources being intermittent means that they can only produce power when
conditions are favorable, which means that wind power cannot produce power unless
there is wind and solar power unless there are solar resources. Figures 2 and 3 indicate
power generation by wind and solar power in Germany during a winter and a summer
week in 2019, based on data provided by Agora Energiewende (2020). As the curves
show, wind power peaks at above 40 GW during the winter week, while it peaks
between 20 – 25 GW during the summer week. Through this it can be concluded that
power generation by wind is more favorable during the winter months. Solar power,
on the other hand, is far more favorable during the summer with peaks above 30 GW,
compared to 12 GW during the winter week.
The curves also indicate a more unpredictable nature for wind power, with more
variation compared to solar power. This makes wind power harder to predict compared
to solar power, as solar power has less variation. The intermittency of VRE
technologies and the growing capacity of these underline an increased need for flexible
generation, as on-demand power generation becomes harder to achieve. (Kroposki,
2017)

10

Power Generation (GW)

50

40

30

20

10

0
0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00
Wind

Solar

Figure 2. VRE power generation during week 6, 2019, in Germany (Agora Energiewende, 2020)

Power Generation (GW)

40

30

20

10

0
0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00
Wind

Solar

Figure 3. VRE power generation during week 30, 2019, in Germany (Agora Energiewende, 2020)

Previously used conventional energy sources, such as fossil fuels, have not had this
challenge as they are dispatchable (Kroposki, 2017). This means that on-demand
generation is possible to meet the demand needs. Another important feature of the
conventional energy sources is that they use synchronous generators as the grid
connection point. This makes stable operation possible, as the generator is able
produce a steady AC current at 50 or 60 Hz frequencies to the grid. The use of this AC
current has also made long distances between power plants and load centers possible,
as AC power is easily transmitted over long distances at high voltages and low

11

currents. This poses another challenge for VRE technologies, due to output variations
and an asynchronous interconnection to the grid, and it is stated that while there are
technologies available to tackle these challenges to some extent, additional solutions
need to be implemented as well.
In order to ensure reliable and stable operation of an AC power system, correct voltage
and frequency needs to be maintained, and electrical power delivered to loads always.
This is one of the main technical challenges with VRE technologies. As the electrical
load varies, the power generation system must be able to meet the demand, which then
needs to be done by power generation or storage. VRE technologies can counteract
load variations to some extent, but it is expected that additional power generation and
storage technologies are needed if the predicted amounts of VRE is to be integrated in
the power system.
2.1.3

Increased need for flexibility in the power sector

Flexibility has always been an important part of power systems, and for the smooth
operation of these, as the electricity demand is highly variable on daily and seasonal
bases (IRENA, 2019). Meeting the demand is not a problem with conventional energy
sources, but with variable energy sources inadequate flexibility can possibly lead to
load shedding or VRE curtailment. These are a result of mismatch between supply and
demand, through overproduction or insufficient ramp up capacity. In other words, if
demand is higher than generation the system might not be able to ramp down if the
conditions are favorable, leading to an overproduction of power. If demand on the
other hand is high but the conditions are not favorable for VRE generation, the ramp
up capacity is insufficient, and the demand is not met.
In Figures 4 and 5 it can be seen how much of the electricity consumption in Germany
during the weeks 6 and 30 was covered by VRE generation (Agora Energiewende,
2020). As can be seen, the curve indicating VRE generation in Figure 4 has less
variation, but the nature of the variation is far more unpredictable compared to the one
in Figure 5. This indicates that wind power holds the larger share of the generated
power, as is also seen in Figure 2, with solar power adding peaks to the curve. The
curve in Figure 5, on the other hand, has large but predictable variations. This indicates
a large share of solar power in the VRE generation, as can also be seen in Figure 3.

12

The figures also show the daily and seasonal variations of the electricity demand.
Fluctuations of around 20 GW can be seen depending on the time of the day, and a 10
GW overall increase in consumption can be noted when comparing the consumption
curve in Figure 4 with Figure 5.

Power Generation and Consumption
(GW)

100

80

60

40

20

0
0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00
Consumption

Generation by VRE

Figure 4. VRE generation and power consumption during week 6, 2019, in Germany (Agora Energiewende, 2020)

Power Generatuon and Consumption
(GW)

80

60

40

20

0
0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00
Consumption

Generation by VRE

Figure 5. VRE generation and power consumption during week 30, 2019, in Germany (Agora Energiewende, 2020)

13

If the annual capacity of wind and solar generation would triple and double, as IRENA
(2019) and Bloomberg (2019) predict, the curves for VRE generation against
consumption would be as in Figures 6 and 7, assuming the same consumption as in
2019. The coverage compared to 2019 has obviously increased, but the variations still
pose a problem. In Figure 6 overproduction is clearly visible, while the
underproduction is a more eminent problem in Figure 7. Flexible solutions need to be
introduced in order to counteract these problems and to ensure a stable power sector.

Power Generation and Consumption
(GW)

160

120

80

40

0
0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00
Consumption

Generation by VRE

Figure 6. VRE generation and power consumption during a winter week in a 2050 scenario (Agora Energiewende,
2020; modified)

Power Generation and Consumption
(GW)

120

80

40

0
0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00 12:00 0:00
Consumption

Generation by VRE

Figure 7. VRE generation and power consumption during a summer week in a 2050 scenario (Agora Energiewende,
2020; modified)

14

Solving the issue of flexibility can be done in many ways, and there are several
methods available to achieve the flexible power system that is needed. Some of these
include the encouragement of demand-side flexibility, grid development, including
energy storage and by including additional flexible generation (Agora Energiewende,
2017). These technologies would be used to stabilize the generation curve seen in
Figures 6 and 7 to better meet the demand curve. In these scenarios storage
technologies could be introduced to the system in order to make use of the VRE
curtailment, seen in Figure 6. Peaking generation could on the other hand be
introduced in order to compensate for low production periods seen in both Figure 6
and 7.
As the share of VRE technologies in the energy sector keeps growing, it is predicted
that flexible solutions will grow rapidly as well in order to increase the flexibility of
the power sector. Bloomberg (2019) predicts that annual capacity additions for battery
storage and gas-fired peaking plants will grow by factors of 13 and 14 respectively by
2030 compared to 2018, as can be seen in Figure 8.
50
40

GW

30
20
10
0
2018

2020

2022

2024

2026

2028

Peaker gas

Battery Storage

Linear (Peaker gas)

Linear (Battery Storage)

2030

Figure 8. Annual capacity trends for gas peakers and battery storage (EB Business Intelligence, 2019; Modified)

There is a clear competition for market share between battery storage and gas-fired
peaking plants, with peaking plants currently forecasted to hold the bigger share.
Battery storage costs are however declining fast, making the competition for keeping
the power sector in balance a more even one (IEA, 2018). Despite this, gas-fired

15

peaking plants, including plants with natural gas combustion turbines and internal
combustion engines, are predicted to lead the flexibility market until 2030 (EB
Business Intelligence, 2019). Benefits such as fast ramp rates, good control and
response capabilities, as well as low minimum generation levels and cycling costs all
speak in favor of increased capacity for this type of flexible power generation (Bird,
et al., 2013).
2.2

Current state of and outlook for the heating sector

The presented statistics and figures indicate a transformation of the power sector into
a highly flexible sector that is highly dependent on VRE technologies. While these
technologies and flexible solutions are currently implemented to the power sector at
rapid rates, the heating and cooling sector still faces challenges regarding
decarbonization (Paardekooper, et al., 2018) . There is a need for a smart, sustainable
and clean heating and cooling sector, but it is considered unclear how to achieve this.
Furthermore, the heating and cooling sector represents the largest energy sector, which
means that it is of vital importance to decarbonize the sector along with the power
sector, in order to meet the objectives set in the Paris agreement.
Currently, the European heating and cooling sector is highly dependent on fossil fuelbased generation, and it is said that developing a strategy in order to ensure an efficient
and sustainable heating and cooling sector in Europe is a priority for the Energy Union
(European Commission, 2016b). Along with the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling,
other strategies are being developed as well, including the Heat Roadmap Europe
project, which aims to support the transition to a low-carbon heating and cooling sector
(Paardekooper, et al., 2018). By building evidence that supports decarbonization and
redesigning the energy sector, the Heat Roadmap Europe project supports the
transition into the heating and cooling sector that is needed.
However, it is stated that the heating and cooling sector is the most difficult energy
sector to decarbonize, and uncertainties regarding how the decarbonization should be
executed present challenges for the execution itself (Chaudry, et al., 2015). Despite
challenges, the need to redesign the European heating and cooling sector is obvious.

16

Even though the heating and cooling sector covers both heating and cooling, it can be
concluded that the dominating part of these two is heating. It is expected that the
cooling demand will increase as well, and even double from the levels today.
Furthermore, 20% of the share of the thermal energy demand in 2050 is predicted to
be held by cooling (Paardekooper, et al., 2018). Despite this, focus is henceforth set
on heating, as it is considered the major part of the sector.
2.2.1

Strategies for redesigning the heating sector

High fossil fuel dependency and low energy efficiency due to old buildings and large
amounts of wasted heat are the most important factors that indicate the need for
redesigning the heating sector according to the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling,
presented by the EC in 2016. In the strategy the importance of decarbonizing buildings
and industries is underlined, as inefficiency due to these are two of the main reasons
for the low energy efficiency of the whole sector. The strategy brings forth the need to
transform the heating sector by renovating buildings and making better use of waste
heat from industries. Adding to this, the share of renewables in the sector should be
increased remarkably, as the European heating sector is currently 75% fossil fuelbased. In 2016 renewables accounted for only 16% of the heating sector, and a larger
share of renewables is said to complement energy efficiency. The three key focus
points for redesigning the heating sector according to the EU’s strategy on heating and
cooling are thus the inefficiency of space heating, a too small share of renewables and
the fact that a too large amount of energy is being wasted (European Commission,
2016a). This means that actions need to be taken on both the supply and demand side
and increasing the energy efficiency for both parts is necessary to achieve the goals
for decarbonizing the heating and cooling sector (Paardekooper, et al., 2018).
In both the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling (2016b) and Heat Roadmap Europe
4 (2018), the importance of renovating buildings, and heating equipment related to
them, is accentuated in order to support decarbonization and increase energy
efficiency. The large amount of old buildings in Europe are considered a significant
cause for the low energy efficiency and reducing the energy demand of space heating
would help in increasing the efficiency of the sector. In order to stay on track with
current targets, set to 2050, end use savings in delivered energy would have to increase

17

by 25%, meaning a reduction of delivered energy by one fourth. Reaching this means
a required renovation rate of 0.7 – 1%. In Heat Roadmap Europe 4 (Paardekooper, et
al., 2018), a more ambitious level is also presented by suggesting a 30% reduction of
delivered energy. This would require a 1.5 – 2% renovation rate, which is a significant
increase from the 0.6% level today. In addition to higher renovation rates, the heating
equipment in almost half of the European buildings would also have to be renovated
or replaced. These equipment, such as boilers, have almost all outlived their technical
lifetime and have efficiency rates of below 60%, highlighting the need for renovation
(European Commission, 2016a).
Adding to higher renovation rates, there is also great potential to increase the energy
efficiency by making better use of heat wasted from the industry and by cogeneration
of heat and power (European Commission, 2016b). According to the EU’s strategy on
heating and cooling (2016b), the European industry accounted for 25% of the total
energy consumption in the EU in 2012, out of which nearly three fourths was used for
heating and cooling. This indicates that the European industry is very intense when it
comes to energy consumption, and while the industry is cutting its energy intensity
quite rapidly, the potential is still significant (European Commission, 2016b). Some of
these industries generate heat as a secondary product. This waste heat could be utilized
for space heating by implementing higher levels of district heating.
District heating is a heat distribution technology which is used for heat transfer in cities
and areas with dense population (Frederiksen & Werner, 2014). Through coupling of
consumers and producers with piping, heat can be transferred efficiently from the
producers to a network of consumers. The heat transfer is made possible through the
use of a heat carrier, which is usually pressurized water. As the technology has
developed, the preferred heat carrier has also changed. According to Werner (2017),
the development of district heating can be divided into three generations. The
technology has developed from the first generation, using steam as the heat carrier, to
the more efficient third generation which is used today. According to Lund, et al.
(2014), the transition to a fourth generation of district heating is also ongoing. The
main goal with fourth generation district heating is a more energy efficient system
integrated as a part of smart energy systems, such as smart electricity grids.

18

In Heat Roadmap Europe 4 (Paardekooper, et al., 2018), it is stated the share of district
heating would have to increase to 46% from the current 9% by 2050 in order to ensure
deep decarbonization of the heating sector. Adding to this cogeneration of heat and
power is also advocated, and there is large potential to increase energy efficiency there
as well. According to the 2050 scenario presented in Heat Roadmap Europe 4, CHP
generation will hold the largest share of heat production for district heating at 35% by
that time. According to the scenario, the thermal capacity of CHP generation will
increase from 87.5 GWth in 2015 to 103.7 GWth by 2050 (Paardekooper, et al., 2018).
The final key factor presented in the EU’s strategy of heating and cooling (2016b) is
to increase the share of renewables in the heating and cooling sector, which is likely
to be forced to some extent as the share of renewables is being increased in the power
sector. According to the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling, each member state of
the EU has already adopted a target for increasing the share of renewables in the
heating and cooling sector, and most of them are on track to achieve these targets. In
2016, it is stated that biomass held the largest share for heat production by renewables,
accounting for 90% of all renewable heating, but according to Heat Roadmap Europe
4 (Paardekooper, et al., 2018), the mix will become more varied by 2050. It is predicted
that electrification of the heating sector will increase, and heat pumps using electricity
produced by renewable energy are expected to account for 30% of district heat
production in the Heat Roadmap 2050 scenario. Adding to this, renewables such as
geothermal and solar thermal heating are expected to account for 5% of the district
heat production.
In Heat Roadmap Europe 4 (Paardekooper, et al., 2018), it is stated that it is possible
to redesign the European heating and cooling sector using only market available and
proven technologies. Furthermore, it is told that end-use savings can be combined with
heat pumps and district heating, energy efficiency and RES in order to keep the
temperature increase below 2 °C. Reducing costs and decarbonizing is then made
possible by replacing fossil fuels with renewable energy and energy efficiency. In
addition to creating a clean, efficient and sustainable system this would also improve
balance of payments and increase the employment rate in Europe. However, the targets
set in Heat Roadmap Europe 4 and the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling are very
optimistic and will most likely be very difficult to reach (Savolainen, 2019).

19

2.2.2

Challenges regarding the targets for redesigning the heating sector

Although strategies have been developed, the most difficult task for transforming the
heating and cooling sector is still at hand, which is carrying out the strategies. Even as
the tools and solutions presented both in the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling and
by the Heat Roadmap Europe 4 project are available and proven, there are many
challenges with reaching the targets. Many of these challenges stem from unseen
shares and rates, which can be very difficult to achieve (Savolainen, 2019). For
instance, the suggested increase in renovation rates from the current 0.6% per year to
1.5 – 2% is very optimistic, as such renovation levels have never been seen nor
maintained. The building renovation rates are not the only overly optimistic
predictions presented in the strategies, and challenges regarding increasing the share
of district heating and the electrification of the heating sector are also to be expected.
As for the problems with electrification of the heating sector, one of the main
challenges is the need for a sufficient foundation of renewable power generation
(Simon, 2019). Heating and cooling represent the largest energy sector and when
added to the power sector the energy consumption reaches around 70% in most
European countries. When compared to the current rate of electrification the demand
factor would increase by 2.5 times if the heating and cooling sector was to be
electrified to suggested extents. This would require a major increase in the current
deployment rate of renewables. Adding to this the demand for heating and cooling is
five to ten times higher during the winter in many European countries, making it
difficult to find a sustainable electricity source which could balance the heating needs.
The currently inefficient district heating systems pose problems as well (Lund, et al.,
2014). In the 2050 scenario presented in Heat Roadmap Europe 4 (Paardekooper, et
al., 2018), heat pumps are presented to hold a 30% share of the heat production.
However, implementing high shares of large-scale heat pumps to the heating sector is
not currently feasible due to the characteristics of the currently installed district heating
systems (Lund, et al., 2014). Both Heat Roadmap Europe 4 and the EU’s strategy on
heating and cooling state that district heating will play a central role in implementing
sustainable energy systems (Paardekooper, et al., 2018; European Commission,

20

2016b). In order to do this however, the district heating systems would need to change
into low-temperature systems interacting with low-energy buildings, which is a change
that can be considered radical (Lund, et al., 2014). The current third generation district
heating systems, as they are called, have relatively high operating temperatures, which
means that the heat production source needs to be able to produce high temperature
heat. In many cases these temperatures are outside the limits of efficient heat pump
production.
By using a heat pump low grade heat can be raised to a utilizable temperature (Sinnott,
2005). In an electrified heating sector this would mean that a heat pump would
consume surplus power in order to increase the temperature of a medium used for
heating to a required temperature (Averfalk, et al., 2017). For the heat pump to work
as efficiently as possible, however, a favorable temperature range is required (Lund,
et al., 2014). This is due to the fact that the efficiency of the heat pump is highly
dependent on the working temperatures, as can be seen in Equation (1), where COP is
the denomination for the efficiency of the heat pump, Eout is the energy delivered at
higher temperature and Ein is the energy input to the heat pump (Sinnott, 2005).

𝐶𝑂𝑃 =

𝐸𝑜𝑢𝑡
𝐸𝑖𝑛

(1)

In Figure 9 the dependency of COP and the working differential temperature of a
system can be seen. The figure indicates a decrease in COP as differential temperature
ΔT increases, meaning that higher working temperatures will inevitably lead to
decreased heat pump efficiency. The secondary Y-axis in the figure shows the
investment cost index of the heat pump as a function of the working temperature. The
figure shows that the investment cost factor increases, almost linearly, as the working
temperature increases.

21

8.0

250%

7.0

COPh

5.0

150%

4.0
100%

3.0
2.0

Investment cost index

200%
6.0

50%
1.0
0.0

0%
30

50

70

90

110

130

150

ΔT (°C)
Figure 9. Heat pump efficiency and investment cost factor depending on working temperature (Andersson &
Knookala, 2019)

As the working temperature of the current third generation district heating system is
almost exclusively set around 100°C, efficient use of large-scale heat pumps in the
current district heating systems can be deemed challenging (Andersson & Knookala,
2019). Lowering the supply temperature and thus minimizing the temperature
difference between the supply and return flows would however ensure more efficient
operation, which is one of the goals for the future fourth generation district heating
systems (Lund, et al., 2014).
Achieving a so called fourth generation district heating system would require
accomplishing the key points in the strategies presented by the EU’s strategy on
heating and cooling and Heat Roadmap Europe 4 (European Commission, 2016b;
Paardekooper, et al., 2018). According to Lund, et al. (2014), studies investigating the
feasibility of fourth generation district heating conclude that district heating has a
significant role in the future energy system. However, it is further stated that the
current district heating technologies will require further development in order to make
full use of the low-temperature heat production units, such as heat pumps. This
development should be focused on decreasing grid losses and exploiting synergies, in
other words decreasing the consumer demand, making use of waste heat and
integrating renewables. It is emphasized that exploitation of synergies is a key factor,

22

as this enables efficient usage of heat as well as integration of renewables. In order to
efficiently make use of synergies between sectors an effort needs to be made for
developing the needed fourth generation district heating. Fourth generation district
heating would support the implementation of a sustainable energy system based on
RES and a lower space heating demand. To summarize, a fourth-generation district
heating system is required in order to ensure deep decarbonization of the heating
sector, but in order to make this possible the three key points presented in the strategies
need to be carried out.
2.2.3

Exploiting synergies between the heating and the power sector

The exploitation of synergies between the different energy sectors is of utmost
importance if a sustainable energy sector is to be achieved (Lund, et al., 2014). This
requires coupling of various energy carriers for different end uses, including power
generation, heating and industry. In other words, exploiting synergies means the
integration of different energy sources and reaping the benefits of the combined use of
these. Studies, such as the EU’s strategy on heating and cooling (European
Commission, 2016b) and Heat Roadmap Europe 4 (Paardekooper, et al., 2018),
underline the importance of making use of the synergies in the energy sector.
Renewable energy in combination with conservation of energy and CHP generation
are considered essential factors for making use of synergies, and together these factors
can be considered the foundation for the future fourth generation district heating
system (Lund, et al., 2014). All sectors must work together, creating a complete and
smart energy system.
CHP generation is predicted to have significant importance in the future heating and
cooling sector. According to the 2050 scenario presented in Heat Roadmap Europe 4
(Paardekooper, et al., 2018), CHP generation is expected to hold the largest share of
district heat production at 35%. The benefits of CHP generation are several, including
the fact that CHP generation enables significant savings in energy and carbon dioxide
compared to separate generation of heat and power (Lund, et al., 2014; Paardekooper,
et al., 2018).

23

CHP generation is a mature technology that has been widely used to combine fossil
fuel-based electricity production and heat production. As fossil fuels are being phased
out CHP generation can however be expected to change. As the use of coal and oil
decreases, CHP generation with bio-fuels, waste incineration and gas can be expected
to increase. While the strategies presented by the EU and Heat Roadmap Europe both
suggest phasing out gas as it is a fossil fuel, Ediger (2019) states that this will not be
possible. According to Ediger, gas is considered to play an important role in the energy
transition and it is considered a bridge fuel during the transition. Bloomberg predicts
that gas will be hard to replace as it is a cheaper alternative to other technologies, and
they also predict a significant increase of gas-fired peaking plants.
As increased shares of VRE technologies are deployed in the energy sectors it is
essential to meet the challenge of their intermittent energy production (IRENA, 2019).
This is especially important in the power sector, as the balance between supply and
demand needs to be exact at any time (Kroposki, 2017). The best possibilities for
maintaining this balance is through power and CHP stations, that are found in the
surrounding supply system (Lund, et al., 2014). The energy transition, not only for the
power sector but for the whole energy system, needs be carried out while considering
the intermittent nature of VRE. The whole system needs to be able to cope with the
fluctuations that large-scale deployment of VRE technologies brings with it. This
means that a change in operation is required for power and CHP stations, a change
from baseload operation to more flexible operation, providing output only when
sources with lower emissions are not available (Kettig, 2016). As a result of this, it is
predicted that CHP generation needs to become more flexible and more gridinteractive (Forni, 2018). These types of flexible CHP plants are currently being
advocated and boosted, supported by the increasing trend for gas-fired peaking plants
(Kettig, 2016). Compared to the traditional, inflexible CHP plants, these new
generation plants are capable of real time response to grid needs, providing electricity,
frequency regulation and capacity based on demand.
Despite increased fluctuations in the electricity price due to high shares of renewable
energy and reduced operation hours for CHP plants as a result of that, the potential is
still high for CHP plants (Kettig, 2016). Redesigned operating patterns with ICE power
plants enable possibilities for operation of the plant at its maximum efficiency, coping

24

with load variations and providing savings. Ultra-fast ramping enables the ICE CHP
plant to start in less than a minute and reach full load within five minutes, ensuring
flexible operation when it is profitable regarding electricity production. However,
fluctuations in the electricity price and demand does not mean fluctuations in the heat
price and demand, and the operational changes for CHP plants based on electricity
demand will also inevitably affect the heat production of CHP plants.
There have been different approaches to finding a solution for this. In Germany for
instance, a CHP Act has been developed, promoting the expansion and renewing of
CHP plants by providing funding and support for new and existing CHP plants
(Gailfuss, 2016). With climate protection as the driving cause, owners of highly
efficient CHP plants receive temporary funding for the electricity their plants produce.
This has ensured an increasing amount of installed and modernized CHP plants, while
also ensuring a stable heat production meeting the demand. Several countries have
implemented these types of so-called feed-in tariffs, not only for co-generation plants
but to ensure a higher deployment rate of renewables as well (Flinkerbusch, 2010).
While the CHP bonus benefits the deployment of CHP plants and supports cleaner
energy, there are disadvantages to the feed-in tariff as well as it affects the operating
profiles of the plants significantly and makes production profitable even as the
electricity price is low (E.A., 2015). As many of the modern CHP plants are operated
on natural gas, it is suggested that the feed-in tariff leads to an excessive use of fossil
fuels, otherwise used to cover peak demand periods. In Denmark, where similar tariffs
were introduced for CHP plants in the early 2000’s, it was noticed that the tariffs led
to problems regarding the integration of renewables. As the tariff made operation
profitable at low electricity prices, the integration and profitable operation of wind
power was hindered. This led to a change in regulations in 2006, forcing all CHP plants
above 5 MW to settle at regular market prices. Furthermore, the feed-in tariffs that are
still in use are set for a given time period, meaning that the support ceases after that
period. Once the support ceases, the plant needs to operate according to standard
prices, which in many cases leads to uncertainty regarding efficient and profitable
operation of the plant (Gailfuss, 2016).

25

In order to ensure more profitable and highly efficient operation of CHP plants even
at regular market prices, CHP plants can be combined with TES (Kettig, 2016). This
ensures heat supply to some extent despite variable operation of the plant. Adding an
accumulator for TES enables the plant to store energy as heat during operation and
discharge when the heat demand is high but lower electricity prices make operation
unattractive. In addition to heat supply, this also ensures more efficient operation of
the plant.
2.3

Thermal energy storage

As the energy transition receives more and more focus, the conservation of energy is
deemed increasingly important. While approximate predictions of future availability,
demand and energy price are possible, they are often imprecise (Dinçer & Rosen,
2011). This highlights the importance of having a wide range of technologies available,
making it possible to meet the future energy needs. Adding to this, the increased
importance of energy security, efficiency and environmental quality makes
development of technologies important.
Currently, methods for energy storage are receiving more attention. Processes yielding
recoverable waste energy are being coupled with energy storage, resulting in fuel
savings and thus more efficient processes and systems. One of the methods receiving
attention is TES used for space and water heating, air-conditioning and cooling, among
other thermal applications (Dinçer & Rosen, 2011).
TES as a technique has already been developing during the past four to five decades,
meaning that there are a variety of methods available. Energy storage through TES can
be achieved by heating, cooling, changing the phase of a selected medium or through
thermochemical reactions. The method can be selected to best suit the purpose of the
application. TES systems are stated to have enormous potential to increase the efficient
use of thermal energy equipment and to ensure economic viability for large-scale
energy substitutions. The stated enormous potential stems from the fact that a large
amount of energy is wasted as heat. One of the most important benefits of TES is that
it makes decoupling of power and heat production possible, and thus corrects the
energy supply and demand mismatch.

26

2.3.1

Methods for thermal energy storage

The core concept of TES is the temporary storage of high- or low-temperature energy
that can then be used according to demand. The storage process involves three steps at
the least, which are charging, storing and discharging. A depiction of the three steps
can be seen in Figure 10. Although the steps are pictured separately in the figure some
of them can happen simultaneously, for instance charging and storing. These steps
make up the basic principle of all TES applications, which is that energy is stored for
later use.

Figure 10. Basic TES storage cycle (Dinçer & Rosen, 2011; modified)

Even as the basic principle is the same, there are variations in TES applications through
different scales of storage and variety in the used storage method. There are three main
storage methods for TES, which are sensible, latent, and thermochemical heat storage.
Sensible heat storage is storage by raising the temperature of a substance while latent
heat storage is storage by causing a phase change in a substance. Thermochemical heat
storage is achieved through reversible chemical reactions. The three main methods can
further be divided by what medium or which chemical reaction is used. Selection of
the method needs to be done properly according to the application purpose.
As stated, sensible TES is storage of energy through change of temperature in a storage
medium. The selection of storage media is vast, and includes water, oil, rock beds, air
and soil, to name a few. The selection of the medium depends on the application
purpose, but water is in many cases considered the most favorable option due to its
good energy storage properties. Table 1 lists a variety of storage media for sensible

27

TES with their specific heat capacity and heat content per volume. From the table it is
seen that water has the highest specific heat capacity and the highest heat content per
volume of the listed media at ambient temperatures.
Dinçer and Rosen (2011) state that there are in fact solids with a higher specific heat
capacity than water as well, but water also has the advantage of being a liquid. This
makes water easily transportable, through pumping for instance. Another advantage of
using water as the storage medium are the good heat transfer rates it has. A
disadvantage is the larger size requirements compared to solids with higher specific
heat capacities, as these make more compact storage units possible. Solids or other
liquids are also sometimes preferred when high temperature sensible storage is
required, as the high temperatures cause the water to change phase unless pressurized.
Table 1. Specific heat and heat content per volume for media used for sensible heat storage (Dinçer & Rosen, 2011;
modified)

Material

Specific heat

Heat content per volume

𝑘𝐽
𝑘𝑔 ∙ 𝐾

𝑀𝐽
𝑚3 ∙ 𝐾

Water

4.2

4.2

Oil

2.0

1.7

Ice

2.0

1.8

Sand

0.8

1.2

Concrete

0.8

2.1

Brick

0.8

1.2

Steel

0.5

3.6

The second main storage method is latent heat storage. Latent heat storage involves
heat storage by causing the storage medium to change phase, by converting water to
ice for instance, and it is receiving much attention as of late. When compared to
sensible heat storage, latent heat storage has a distinct size advantage, as the latent heat
change for a given medium is most often much higher than the sensible heat change.
As for sensible heat storage there are several phase changing materials available for
latent heat storage. The most practical systems are stated to involve solutions of salts

28

in water. These systems are however also associated with several problems such as
unintentional supercooling of the PCM, agglomeration of various crystal sizes in the
liquid and inability to completely reverse the system operation.
The third main storage method is thermochemical heat storage. For thermochemical
heat storage a chemical reaction with high energy is used for energy storage. In order
to create the principle of charging and discharging, a reversible reaction is required. A
reversible reaction makes it possible to store heat in the products of the reaction and
to retrieve the stored heat when the reaction is reversed. Thermochemical heat storage
is stated to be best suited for high temperature heat storage, at temperatures exceeding
400 °C. According to Kalaiselvam & Parameshwaran (2014), thermochemical heat
storage has been becoming increasingly popular, and method is seen as a new and
attractive storage concept. However, it is not considered as a viable option for the
applications considered in this thesis, as it is still considered to be under development
and the suitable temperature range is too high.
Dinçer & Rosen (2011) present an example comparing costs and required storage
volume for the most favored media for sensible and latent thermal storage. The media
considered in the example are water and rock, which are used for sensible thermal
storage, and sodium sulfate decahydrate, which is a leading PCM for latent thermal
storage. Through the example Dinçer & Rosen conclude that the cost for a system
using sodium sulfate decahydrate for thermal storage would be nearly three times
higher than the cost for the same system using water. Furthermore, the cost for the
same system using rock for thermal storage would be up to four times higher.
Price-wise, water is clearly the most appealing, but Dinçer & Rosen (2011) also state
that the required volume for storage with water is four times higher than the required
volume for storage with sodium sulfate decahydrate. Considering this it can be
concluded that the choice of a storage medium depends on the purpose of the
application.

29

2.3.2

Sensible thermal energy storage with water

Water is known to be a very suitable medium for heat storage, and today it is used
almost exclusively as the heat storage medium in energy systems with operating
temperatures from 0 °C to 100 °C (Cabeza, 2015). It is stated that using water as a heat
storage medium has several benefits, including high heat storage densities and the facts
that it is inexpensive, easy to handle and harmless.
The amount of stored heat in a hot water store is directly dependent on the volume, the
material characteristics of the medium, and the operating temperatures of the system
and can be calculated with Equation (2), where 𝑄 is the thermal energy content, 𝜌 is
the density of water, 𝑉 is the volume of the storage, 𝑐𝑝 is the heat capacity for water
and ∆𝑇 is the temperature difference between the systems operating temperatures.
𝑄 = 𝑚 ∗ 𝑐𝑝 ∗ ∆𝑇 = 𝜌 ∗ 𝑉 ∗ 𝑐𝑝 ∗ (𝑇2 − 𝑇1 )

(2)

If unknown, Equations (3) and (4) can be used to estimate the density and the specific
heat of water at a given temperature, applicable up to 100°C.
𝜌 = 1000.6 − 0.0128 ∗ 𝑇 1.76

(3)

𝑐𝑝 = 4209.1 − 132.8 ∗ 10−2 ∗ 𝑇 + 143.2 ∗ 10−4 ∗ 𝑇 2

(4)

Most of the material characteristics of water, such as the heat capacity and thermal
conductivity, experience minor changes as the temperature increases from 0 °C to 100
°C, but the kinematic viscosity and density are affected to a much larger extent. As
density is reduced with increased temperature hot water will rise in the store, while
colder water with a higher density will reside in the bottom part of the store. This
creates a phenomenon called thermal stratification, depicted in Figure 11, through
which there occurs distinct separation of hot water at the top of the store and cold water
at the bottom. Cabeza (2015) states that stratification is one of the most important
thermal characteristics for a hot water store, which means that a large temperature
difference within the water in the store is beneficial for efficient use of the storage
system.

30

Figure 11. Depiction of tanks with perfect stratification (left), realistic stratification (middle) and no stratification
(right) (Wang, et al., 2017)

As can be seen in Figure 11, stratification is when the water inside the tank is separated
into three layers: the hot zone at the top, the thermocline in the middle and the cold
zone at the bottom. The higher temperature differences between the zones make it
possible to extract more heat from the heat source in the system and to deliver more
heat to consumers in the system, enabling superior performance for stratified storage
systems compared to mixed storage systems (Njoku, et al., 2014). The difference in
temperature between stratified and fully mixed tanks can also be seen in Figure 11.
The overall lower temperature in the cold zone creates a larger temperature difference
between the water in the tank and the storage, which makes it possible to extract more
heat. The higher temperature at the top of the store also enables a longer duration for
heat delivery compared to mixed storage. These factors result in higher efficiencies for
storage tanks with stratification, as a result of better use of the heat output from the
heat source. Appropriate design of the storage vessel benefits the temperature
difference in the vessel, ensuring strong thermal stratification and efficient storage
(Cabeza, 2015).
Cabeza states that the stratification achieved in a tank will inevitably diminish over
time as a result of internal heat conduction and heat losses. Minimization of heat losses
will however benefit keeping the stratification for a longer time period. The heat loss
for a hot water store can be determined through Equation (5), where 𝑈 is the materials
heat transfer coefficient, 𝐴 is the area for which the heat loss is calculated, and ∆𝑇 is
the difference in temperature between the inside and outside of the hot water store.
𝑄𝑙𝑜𝑠𝑠 = 𝑈 ∗ 𝐴 ∗ ∆𝑇 = 𝑈 ∗ 𝐴 ∗ (𝑇2 − 𝑇1 )

(5)

31

As indicated in Equation (5), the heat loss is affected by the surface area of the thermal
store. Appropriate design of the storage vessel is thus important in order minimize the
surface area and to keep heat loss at a minimum. The heat loss can also be minimized
by taking proper action through insulation and avoiding thermal bridges in the storage.
Thermal bridges are points in the storage system where considerable heat loss occurs.
These points can be caused by errors in insulation work, insufficient insulation
thickness or by penetrations in the insulation, such as piping, or other equipment
connected to the hot water store. In order to maintain good thermal stratification in the
hot water store it is important to consider the aforementioned factors regarding heat
losses.
2.3.3

High temperature thermal energy storage with water

While water is in many cases considered the most favored heat storage medium, there
are some factors that limit the use of water as the storage medium. One of the main
factors is storage temperature. According to Abad et al. (2018), storage temperature is
one of the most important factors of a TES system. It is stated that the temperature is
a base parameter for definition of material, insulation, shape, volume, as well as charge
and discharge cycles for the storage. The storage temperature is highly dependent on
the temperature capability of the heat producer and the temperature requirement of the
consumer. In case of CHP generation, the output temperature from the heat source can
range from 40 °C to several hundred degrees Celsius, as heat can be recovered from
various sources within the plant.
In addition to the temperature capability of the heat source, the storage temperature is
highly dependent on the required temperature of the consumers. This means that the
heating system the TES system is integrated into needs to be analyzed, in order to
ensure proper design of the TES system. As for district heating networks, Abad, et al.,
(2018) state that normal operating temperatures are in the range of 70 – 90 °C for
supply and 60 – 70 °C for return. However, according to Energiateollisuus (2006),
inefficient district heating networks with long transfer distances will inevitably require
higher supply temperatures due to high heat loss. This will also be affected by low
ambient temperatures, which means that district heating networks in cold regions are
likely to require higher supply temperatures. It is stated that the maximum supply

32

temperature is often within the range of 120 – 130 °C, but extreme cases with
temperature requirements up to 150 °C are also known. This is often the case in eastern
Europe, due to lacking advancement in district heating technology.
By temporarily increasing the supply temperature it is also possible to utilize the
district heating network for short term storage of thermal energy. This done by
increasing the supply temperature 5 – 15 °C above the demand temperature. The
thermal energy stored in the network is then discharged as the higher temperature
water reaches the consumers. This method is most often used in combination with
demand predictions in order to counter sudden increases in demand. The method is
stated to be suitable for short peaks in demand, with a charge duration of 2 – 3 hours.
In order to maintain the liquid phase of a medium at temperatures exceeding the
saturation temperature, pressurization is required. By increasing the pressure, the
saturation temperature of the medium is increased. The medium is thus kept in a liquid
phase at temperatures below the saturation temperature (Singh, 2008). In Figure 12,
the relation between the saturation temperature and pressure for water can be seen. As
indicated in the figure, a pressure of 5 bar is enough to maintain the liquid phase of
water at 150 °C. This means that an overpressure of nearly 4 bars is required at a
temperature of 150 °C.
In district heating systems the saturation temperature is often maintained sufficiently
above the required supply temperature by maintaining high network pressure levels
(Frederiksen & Werner, 2014). However, the storage vessel will also require
pressurization in accordance with the saturation temperature. This is the main reason
why water is the most preferred medium in systems with operating temperatures below
100 °C, while another medium with different thermal properties might be preferred for
higher temperatures (Kalaiselvam & Parameshwaran, 2014). According to Kulkarni,
Kedare & Bandyopadhyay (2008), mineral oils have been used for storage at
temperatures above 100 °C. However, challenges such as high costs as well as cracking
and oxidation in the storage limit the applicability of these oils. Development of
storage technologies has also facilitated the usage of water even in high temperature
thermal storage. These technologies make storage with water a feasible option even at
temperatures above 100 °C (Christidis, 2019).

33

160

Saturation temperature [°C]

150
140
130
120
110
100
90
80
1

1.5

2

2.5

3

3.5

4

4.5

5

Pressure [bar]
Figure 12. The saturation temperature of water depending on pressure (Lervik, 1994; modified)

2.4

Tank thermal energy storage

According to Cabeza (2015), heat storage with water is today based on water contained
in various containers, such as tanks of steel, concrete or plastic or in envelopes made
of watertight materials. Storage concepts include aquifer (ATES), borehole (BTES),
pit (PTES) and tank thermal energy storage (TTES). According to Sørensen & Schmidt
(2018), each of these have different capability regarding storage capacity, and the
suitability of these concepts is largely dependent on the required storage duration,
which can be divided into short-term and long-term storage. Long-term storage is
considered seasonal, as the storage can be charged during one season and discharged
during another (Kalaiselvam & Parameshwaran, 2014). This type of storage requires
a large storage volume, which makes a storage concept such as ATES suitable (Dinçer
& Rosen, 2011). Short-term storage is on the other hand utilized to compensate for
demand variations, which means that the duration of storage is significantly shorter.
Dinçer & Rosen (2011) further state that short-term storage is utilized to cover peak
demand periods, which makes it a suitable concept to be combined for CHP peaking
plants.

34

According to Thomsen & Overbye (2016), TTES is the most common storage concept
for district heating and CHP solutions. It is stated that the stores are realized as above
ground tanks, which are used for short-term storage. It is further mentioned that large
scale TTES is also common in combination with district heating (Thomsen & Overbye,
2016), and according to Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020h), tanks with
storage volumes up to 45 000 m3 have been realized. The tank design varies depending
on temperature requirements for the system. This will affect the utilizable volume as
well as the cost of the storage system. (Herwig, et al., 2018). Thomsen & Overbye
(2016) mention that the use of seasonal storage in the district energy sector has also
increased. However, it is most common in combination with solar energy, realized for
instance as solar ponds.
2.4.1

Technologies for tank thermal energy storage

There are three main technologies available for tank thermal energy storage
(Christidis, 2019). These technologies are storage in one-zone, two-zone and
pressurized tanks. According to Herwig, Umbreit and Rühling (2018), storage in tanks
with one-zone is the most common of the three technologies, realized in over 100 heat
storage cases during the past decades.
The concept for one-zone storage is based on hot water storage in a tank at atmospheric
pressure, limited to storage temperatures of 98 °C and below. Herwig, Umbreit, &
Rühling state that this is the most common type of hot water storage, with the tanks
being built as pressure-less, standing steel cylinders. The design of the storage tank is
told to be optimized for 2 000 m3 to several 10 000 m3. The tank, depicted in Figure
13, includes two radial diffusers at the top and at the bottom of the tank, spreading out
the flows entering the tank. During charging, warm water enters through the radial
diffuser at the top, while cold water leaves through the radial diffuser at the bottom.
As for discharging, the process of charging is reversed. The design ensures formation
of thermal stratification in the tank, granted that the operating temperatures are well
defined.

35

Figure 13. General layout of a one-zone thermal storage tank (Herwig, Umbreit & Rühling, 2018; modified)

Opposed to the one-zone tank, the two-zone tank, seen in Figure 14, is divided into
two zones by an insulated floor, shaped like a dome. The two zones are each equipped
with two radial diffusers at the top and the bottom of both zones. They are also
connected by an open ended, vertical compensation pipe that serves as a hydraulic
connection between the zones. This compensation pipe ensures permanent exchange
of fluid between the zones, ensuring correct filling level in the upper storage zone and
serving as a safeguard against overpressure as well as negative pressure in the lower
storage zone.
According to Herwig, Umbreit & Rühling (2018), the hydraulic coupling of the two
zones serves another purpose as well, that can be considered as the most important.
The hydraulic coupling, combined with the fixed intermediate floor, makes it possible
to store water at temperatures above 100 °C in the lower storage zone. This is due to
the higher level of pressure in the lower storage zone, which is a result of the
hydrostatic pressure of the water column in the upper storage tank. In a one-zone tank,
the high temperature water rises to the top of the tank due to its lower density. This is

36

prevented in a two-zone tank, as the intermediate floor is fixed. In other words, the
higher temperature water rises only to the height of the intermediate floor. This enables
storage temperatures above 100 °C, and storage temperatures up to 120 °C are
currently in use.

Figure 14. General layout of a two-zone storage tank. (Herwig, Umbreit & Rühling, 2018; modified)

All in all, the two-zone storage tank, does not vary that much from the one-zone
storage tank. However, the possibility of higher storage and supply temperatures
makes the two-zone technology more appealing for applications that require higher
temperatures. In addition to this, it is stated that the volume-specific heat capacity is
higher for the two-zone tank compared to a same sized one-zone tank. This means that
the higher amount of energy stored in a two-zone tank can compensate for the higher
total investment cost compared to a one-zone tank.

37

Similar to the two-zone technology, the concept of the pressurized tank, enables the
possibility of higher storage temperatures through increased pressure in the tank
(Christidis, 2019). Depending on the application purpose, pressurized tanks can be a
beneficial selection, as they can in many cases be integrated directly into the network
and utilized as an expansion vessel (Thomsen & Overbye, 2016). The maximum
allowed temperature span for pressurized storage is stated to be larger for pressurized
storage tanks than for one-zone or two-zone storage, usually ranging from 50 – 55 °C
(Guelpa & Verda, 2019). An installation of six pressurized storage tanks in Turin,
Italy, can be seen in Figure 15.

Figure 15. Pressurized storage tanks in Turin, Italy (IREN, 2014)

Even with high storage temperatures, possibility of direct integration and a larger
temperature span the suitability of pressurized storage can in many cases be limited
due to economic and constructional reasons. According to Kraft (2018) the specific
investment cost for pressurized storage can be up to three times higher than the specific
investment cost for one-zone storage, and twice as high as the investment cost for twozone storage. The reason for the higher costs can be traced to the stricter directives set
on construction of pressurized vessels as well as physical constraints regarding
pressurization of large tanks (Thomsen & Overbye, 2016). This means that high
pressures require distribution over several tanks in case of large storage volumes
(Christidis, 2019).

38

2.4.2

Design aspects for tank thermal stores

Even as tank design is largely determined by geographic constraints of the tank
erection site, there are some general recommendations as to how the storage tank
should be dimensioned and designed. While these are more freely formed for one-zone
and two-zone storage tanks, pressurized tanks follow more standardized guidelines as
there are additional criteria set on pressure vessels (Christidis, 2019).
For one- and two-zone storage tanks the dimensioning is often expressed as a ratio
between height and diameter. This ratio is determined according to a suitable relation
between heat loss and minimizing the volume of the transition layer between the hot
and the cold zone in the tank. According to Petersen & Aagaard (2004), a height to
diameter ratio of 1.5 to 1 is beneficial in terms of minimizing the transitions zone,
while an optimal height to diameter ratio for minimizing heat loss is considered to be
1 to 1 (Christidis, 2019). The height to diameter ratio can thus be selected quite freely,
but according to Christidis it is usually selected within the range of 2 – 0.5 to 1.
There is no specific height to diameter recommendation for pressurized storage
vessels. However, Christidis points out that the dimensioning for these is highly
dependent on acceptable dimensions for transport. The reason for this is that
pressurized vessels are not manufactured at site and will thus need to be transported to
the site by for instance road or railroad. Previous realizations of pressurized storage by
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020u; 2020v; 2020w; 2020x; 2020y; 2020z)
indicate a median height to diameter ratio of 2.76, which is significantly higher than
the recommendations for one- and two-zone storage vessels. This indicates the effect
that the transport requirements have on dimensioning of pressurized storage vessels.
2.4.3

Integration of tank thermal stores to district heating networks

While the selection of storage method is highly dependent of the required storage
temperature, another key factor is the pressure level of the system (Petersen &
Aagaard, 2004). Thomsen & Overbye (2016) also identify operational characteristics,
flows and pressure levels as important factors when designing a TES system. The
pressure level of a district heating network can in many cases be the determining factor
regarding system selection, depending on the selected method for integrating the
storage to the network. There are three options for how the storage can be integrated

39

to the network. These are hydraulically coupled integration, hydraulically decoupled
integration and indirect integration (Energiateollisuus, 2006; Thomsen & Overbye,
2016).
Hydraulically coupled integration of the storage to the network can be seen illustrated
in Figure 16. As can be seen, heat is supplied to the heat consumer by means of a
network pump, while a production pump is used to circulate water through the heat
producer. Both pumps are regulated to meet certain system requirements. The network
pump is regulated to overcome the network pressure drop and to keep the differential
pressure over the last customer constant while the production pump is regulated to
overcome the pressure drop over the heat producer.

Figure 16. Hydraulically coupled integration of a thermal storage tank (Thomsen & Overbye, 2016)

Direct connection of a thermal storage tank into a heating network enables the
possibility of using the storage as an expansion vessel. An expansion vessel is a
necessary component in a heating network, as temperature changes will lead to
variations in the volume of the water in the network. By utilizing the thermal store to
compensate for these changes in volume, the need for separate expansion vessel is
removed, making the solution more cost-effective and simpler.
Thomsen & Overbye describe the function of a hydraulically coupled heat storage as
automatic. It is stated that it is the differential pressure between the stores return line
connection point and the supply line connection point that controls the charging and

40

discharging cycles for the storage. If the pressure in the two points is the same, the
differential pressure is zero, which means that no charging or discharging takes place.
However, if the pressure in the supply line connection point increases, creating a
positive differential pressure, there will be a flow through the storage to the return line.
This means that high temperature water will enter the store from the supply line while
low temperature water will exit the storage, thus charging the storage. Discharging
fucntions similarily, but will require a negative differential pressure, which means that
the pressure in the supply line connection point will have to be lower than the the
pressure in the return line connection point.
In case of hydraulically decoupled integration the thermal store is separated from the
network by means of pumps and valves, which can be seen illustrated in Figure 17.
Through hydraulically decoupled integration the storage tank will be decoupled from
the network pressure, meaning that an expansion vessel will be needed to compensate
for the volumetric variations in the network. As compared to hydraulically coupled
integration, the charging and discharging of the storage tank is also no longer achieved
automatically. In turn, a pump and valve configuration is incorporated to the system,
controlling the flows in and out of the storage tank during charging and discharging.

Figure 17. Hydraulically decoupled integration of a thermal storage tank (Thomsen & Overbye, 2016)

41

It is always important to maintain a proper level of control if hydraulically decoupled
integration is used. Thomsen & Overbye state that the amount of water in the store
should be maintained at a constant level on a mass basis at all times, which is
accomplished through proper control of the charging and discharging pumps. For this
control, one of the pumps can be considered as a primary pump, controlled according
to the desired flow in or out of the tank. The other pump would then be controlled to
mirror the operation of the primary pump, thus keeping the amount of water in the
storage tank constant.
Compared to hydraulically coupled integration Thomsen & Overbye note that
hydraulically decoupled integration is a more complex solution from a technical
perspective, also making it a more costly solution. In large networks, however, it can
in many cases be the only viable solution due to large level variations in the network.
These level variations can be compensated by pre-pressurization of the network,
setting the static pressure to a certain level through elevation or by using pumps. This
makes hydraulically coupled integration possible to some extent, but large networks
with large level variations can require pre-pressurization up to 25 bar, which often
makes hydraulically decoupled integration more viable due to economic reasons.
In addition to the above-mentioned integration methods, it is also possible to integrate
the thermal store with the charging and discharging flows completely separated from
the flow in the network. This is done by incorporating a heat exchanger for heat
transfer between the fluid in the storage tank and the fluid in the network, making the
storage system a closed circuit. In reference to Figure 17, the heat exchanger would
replace the pump and valve configuration between the storage and the network.
Separating the storage system by using a heat exchanger will however lead to
additional heat losses, reducing storage capacity. It is also stated that possible
temperature mismatches between the storage and the network will complicate the
operation of the system.
Determining the suitable integration method for the storage depends on the network
pressure levels. For pressure-less storage vessels, Thomsen & Overbye state that
hydraulically coupled integration is possible in smaller networks with a static pressure
up to 7 bar. This means that integration into networks with higher static pressures

42

would require hydraulically decoupled integration or pressurization of the storage
vessel. This is also the case according to Petersen and Aagaard (2004), who also point
out that when the network static pressures exceed technical tank heights hydraulically
decoupled integration is required if one-zone storage is used.
The static pressure in a district heating network is set to a suitable level in accordance
with saturation pressure and the system design pressure, as can be seen in Figure 18.
This is done by pre-pressurizing the network, either by using pumps or through
changing the elevation. In Figure 18 an example network with 5 km of piping is prepressurized to 4 bar in order to always keep the network pressure within the limiting
pressures, also taking variations in elevation into consideration.

Figure 18. Pressure curve for a district heating network (Frederiksen & Werner, 2014; modified)

For the network depicted in Figure 18 the static pressure is then 4 bar, which is constant
regardless of variations in heat demand, as indicated in Figure 19 (Euroheat & power,
2008). According to Euroheat & Power, the network heat supplier controls supply
according to the differential pressure in the last substation in the network. This
differential pressure is to be kept constant regardless of demand, and as increased
demand leads to increased differential pressure, the supplier increases the flow into the
network and thus increasing the amount of heat supplied while keeping the differential
pressure constant.

43

In Figure 19 network pressure curves for two operating modes are illustrated. The
curves show that increased demand during the winter requires an increased supply
pressure to ensure the required differential pressure of 0.1 MPa (1 bar) at the last
substation. Increased network flow inevitably leads to increased pressure drop, which
is why the curve indicating operation during the winter is steeper than the curve
indicating operation during the summer. Regardless of variation in supply, Figure 19
suggests that the static pressure in the network is kept constant while the supply
pressure is changed.

Figure 19. Network pressure drop depending on flow (Euroheat & power, 2008)

The change in pressure drop in a district heating network, such as the one depicted in
Figure 19, can be explained through the affinity laws for pumps. The affinity laws
explain how variables such as head, differential pressure, flow and shaft speed are
related to each other (Energiateollisuus, 2006). The relation between these is expressed
in Equation (6), where ∆𝑝 is differential pressure, 𝑉̇ is volume flow, 𝑚̇ is mass flow
and 𝑛 is shaft speed.
∆𝑝1
∆𝑝2

𝑉̇

2

2

𝑚̇

𝑛

= ( 1̇ ) = ( ̇ 1) = ( 1)
𝑉
𝑚
𝑛
2

2

2

(6)

2

44

Equation (6) can be applied to recalculate given variables according to condition
changes in the system. The pressure drop indicated during winter operation in Figure
19 can for instance be recalculated according to the reduced flow during summer
operation by applying Equation (6) as according to Equation (7).
𝑉̇

2

∆𝑝1 = ∆𝑝2 ∗ (𝑉1̇ )
2

(7)

Even as Figure 19 indicates constant static pressure, this is not necessarily always the
case. According to Energiateollisuus (2006), the control of differential pressure is
maintained only by one producer at a time in case of several producers supplying heat
to the same network. This is also illustrated by Frederiksen and Werner (2014), who
suggest that an decreased supply from a producer will lead to an decreased return
pressure to another producer in the same network, while the network static pressure is
kept constant at the main producer. This can be seen in Figure 20, where two
production scenarios are illustrated.

Figure 20. Pressure depending on flow in a network with two producers (Frederiksen & Werner, 2014; modified)

Figure 20 suggests that a decreased supply from the main producer will lead to a
decreased return pressure to the second producer in case of constant supply for that
part. As stated by Energiateollisuus (2006), simultaneous control of differential

45

pressure is not acceptable for the plants, meaning that the second producer would have
to adjust according to demand after the main producer. This suggests that there is no
guaranteed static pressure for the second producer in the plant, as the return pressure
is prone to variation due to varying operation of the main producer. The main producer
will however have a constant static pressure through the pressurization, as depicted in
Figures 18, 19 and 20.
Through Figures 18, 19 and 20 it is concluded that hydraulically decoupled integration
is recommended if there is no guaranteed static pressure for the district heating
network into which the storage is integrated. This might be the case if the storage
system is integrated to a secondary producer in a network, as presented in Figure 20.
If the pressure in the network is prone to fluctuations unintentional charging or
discharging is likely to occur if the storage is integrated as hydraulically coupled. This
can then be counteracted by separating the storage from the district heating network
with pumps and valves. The control of the storage cycles is then carried out through
the operation of the pumps on a constant mass basis (Thomsen & Overbye, 2016).

46

3

MATERIAL AND METHODS

The way this thesis has been carried out can be divided into three parts. These parts
were the technical assessment, the economic assessment, and the construction of a tool
for studying operating modes. The material used for the thesis consists mainly of
previous studies as well as the equations presented in the previous chapters. In addition
to this, projects previously realized by Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020a;
2020b; …; 2020z) were studied in order to gain a better picture of the technologies in
practice.
By methodologically reviewing previous work regarding thermal storage, the available
technologies were narrowed to the three technologies that were considered the most
relevant for the commissioner: One-zone, two-zone and pressurized storage. Based on
literature, it was concluded that these were the leading technologies for short-term
thermal storage with water. As the commissioner requested that thermal storage
technologies that can be applied to district heating should be studied, and as the heat
transfer fluid in the current district heating networks is water, it was concluded that
these three technologies should be covered in the thesis. The techno-economic
assessment was then conducted with the focus set on these three technologies.
3.1

Technical assessment

The technical assessment of the three thermal storage technologies covered in the
thesis has been carried out through a thorough literature review. The main purpose of
the literature review was to identify design recommendations as well as factors that
limit the use of the technologies. In addition to this, it was considered important to
investigate how the thermal storage should be integrated to a district heating network,
and to identify recommendations regarding this.
Regarding the design recommendations, it was considered important to clarify what
potential construction and design requirements need to be considered for the three
technologies. As an example, pressurized storage vessels need to be designed in
accordance with the pressure equipment directive. This means that more strict
directives need to be applied when designing and constructing a pressurized storage

47

vessel. Another factor that was considered important for design was the dimensioning
of the storage vessel. Based on the literature review, recommendations for the height
to diameter ratio were gathered. In addition to this, the height to diameter ratio of
previously realized projects by Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020a; 2020b; …;
2020z) was calculated. Furthermore, the median value of these was calculated which
provides indication as to what the typical height to diameter ratio is. The final factor
that was considered important for the design recommendations was the suitable
temperature differential for the storages. The reason why this was considered
important is that a too high temperature difference in the storage will lead to increased
stress and possibly a shorter lifetime for the storage vessel. In the results, the
parameters presented as design recommendations have been compiled based on
literature by Petersen & Aagaard (2004), Thomsen & Overbye (2016), Christidis
(2019), Guelpa & Verda (2019), and Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020a;
2020b; …; 2020z).
Through the literature review it was concluded that the limiting factors that should be
considered for the results were temperature, pressure, and cost. It was concluded that
these are the factors that can possibly rule out the use of a technology entirely. The
limiting values for temperature and pressure were determined based on
recommendations in literature. While costs are not really a limiting factor, they were
considered as such as it is most often the result of an economic assessment that will be
the determining factor if the use of a given technology is feasible. In the results, the
parameters presented as limiting factors have been compiled based on
recommendations by Petersen & Aagaard (2004), Energiateollisuus (2006), Dinçer &
Rosen (2011), Cabeza (2015), Thomsen & Overbye (2016), Herwig, et al. (2018),
Kraft (2018), and Christidis (2019).
As for the integration method, it was concluded that two alternatives should be
considered for the results. These were hydraulically coupled integration and
hydraulically decoupled integration. Hydraulically decoupled integration with
complete separation of the storage fluid and the heat transfer fluid was not considered
important in this case. This is due to the fact that both the storage fluid and the heat
transfer fluid is considered to be water in the systems covered in this thesis. The
suggestions on how the storage should be integrated were gathered based on the

48

literature review. In the results, the conclusions regarding the integration methods have
been made based on suggestions by Frederiksen & Werner (2014) and Thomsen &
Overbye (2016)
3.2

Economic assessment

The economic assessment has been done based on previous cost indications for the
storage technologies covered in the thesis. As the one-zone storage technology is more
widely realized than the two other technologies, previous cost indications for that
technology were considered the most reliable of the three. Previous cost indications
for one-zone storage were thus used as a reference for estimating costs for two-zone
storage.
The one-zone storage costs based on which the cost estimations have been prepared
had been provided to the commissioner by a consulting agency in 2014. These costs
can be seen in Figure 21. The figure presents storage cost as a function of volume,
which means that specific costs per cubic meter can be read from the figure. It was
decided that the cost estimates for two-zone and pressurized storage should be
presented as specific costs as well, in order to ensure consistency in the results.

450
400

Specific investment [€/m3]

350
300
250
200
150
100
50
0
0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

30,000

Accumulator size [m3]
Figure 21. Specific investment cost for one-zone storage (Andersson, 2014)

49

Considering that the costs presented in Figure 21 have been prepared in 2014, the costs
have most likely been affected by inflation and fluctuations in material costs. However,
it is considered a difficult task to estimate the affect of such factors as there are so
many factors that should be taken into consideration if exact estimations are to be
prepared. For the commissioner, indicative costs are considered sufficient, which is
why the change in costs from 2014 is not taken into consideration.
The cost estimates for two-zone storage were done based on two budgetary offers for
two-zone storage systems that the commissioner had received from a supplier in 2017.
The two offers had been prepared for two different supply temperatures, which were
135 °C and 115 °C, while the storage capacity was the same for both offers. The most
relevant information provided in the offers can be seen in Table 2. Due to
confidentiality reasons, the costs indicated in the offers are not presented.

Table 2. Two-zone storage tanks; technical data provided in the offers.

Parameter

Unit

Offer 1

Offer 2

Operating temperature

°C

135

115

Diameter

m

23

25

Cylindrical height

m

59.0

43.5

Height of middle roof

m

25.5

28.5

Based on the tank dimensions indicated in the offers, the total volume and the volume
of the lower storage zone was calculated through Equation (8), where 𝑑 is the diameter
and ℎ is the height. The calculated volumes can be seen in Table 3.

𝑉=

𝜋∗𝑑 2
4

∗ℎ

(8)

Table 3. Two-zone storage tanks; volumes calculated based on the data in Table 2.

Parameter

Unit

Offer 1

Offer 2

Vtotal

m3

24 500

21 350

Vlower

3

10 600

14 000

m

50

It was decided that the costs should be prepared based on the utilized volume, which
means that three separate curves have been prepared for two-zone storage; one for only
utilizing the lower storage zone at 135 °C, one for only utilizing the lower storage zone
at 115 °C and one for utilizing the entire volume regardless of temperature. The
specific cost of the total volume and the volume of the lower storage zone was
calculated for both offers, after which the specific costs for one-zone storage at the
corresponding volumes were read from Figure 21. The costs of one-zone storage at the
corresponding volumes can be seen in Table 4.

Table 4. One-zone storage tanks; Cost of one-zone storage at volumes corresponding to the budgetary offers.

Volume

One-zone storage cost

10 600 m3

168 €/m3

14 000 m3

145 €/m3

21 350 m3

125 €/m3

24 500 m3

123 €/m3

A cost factor was then calculated for each of the volumes, which indicates how much
more expensive two-zone storage is compared to one-zone storage at the given
volumes. The cost factors were then applied to each point in Figure 21, which resulted
in three curves indicating costs for two-zone storage.
The cost estimations for pressurized storage were also prepared based on two
budgetary offers that the commissioner had received from a supplier in 2016. Similarly
to the two-zone cost estimation, the cost per volume was calculated for this technology
as well. Based on the budgetary offers the specific costs for the storage volumes 3000
m3 and 350 m3 were determined. The pressure level specified in the offers was 5.5 bar.
For the results, it was considered that the specific costs for pressurized storage should
be presented as a limit which can be compared to the cost of the other two technologies
in order to determine the feasibility of these. Through this, it can be determined when
it would be feasible to select pressurized storage instead of one-zone or two-zone
storage.

51

3.3

Tool for studying operating modes

The tool for studying operating modes has been constructed in Microsoft Excel. The
structure of the tool is based on a similar calculation prepared for the commissioner by
a consulting agency. By applying Equations (2) and (6) the tool calculates pressures,
pressure differentials and flows in a process with thermal storage. Furthermore,
Equations (3) and (4) are applied to calculate the properties of water required for the
calculations.
The tool performs calculations based on design data for the process, which are
specified by the user. The data required as user input are categorized as heat producer
data, heat consumer data and storage data. The heat producer data includes heat
production unit output, number of production units, supply and return temperature as
well as design pressure loss over the heat producers and the plant header. The heat
consumer data includes heat demand, network pressure loss, required differential
pressure over the last customer and the network static pressure. The data for the storage
includes the storage capacity and the pressure loss over the storage.
The tool has been prepared to perform calculations for nine cases. The cases covered
by the tool are considered as the most relevant off-design operating scenarios for a
system with thermal storage. The cases include essential operating scenarios, such as
design production at design demand, no production at design demand, design
production at no demand, and minimum production at no demand. Additional cases
that were deemed to be of interest were included as well. The calculation results are
presented both as a table and as a flow chart. The flow chart was prepared based on
the process indicated in Figure 16. It has been made possible for the user to select
which case that is portrayed in the flow chart. Through the flow chart it is depicted
how the system behaves in the different operating scenarios.
For the results, a calculation has been prepared based on the design data presented in
Table 5. The design data used for the calculation example has been estimated based on
one of budgetary offers that the commissioner had received in 2017. The offer used
for the example is for a two-zone storage system with a required supply temperature
of 135 °C and a return temperature of 60 °C. The storage capacity is stated to be 750
MWh, with a charging and discharging capacity of 60 MW. Based on the specified

52

charging and discharging capacity, the required output of the heat producer is
estimated to be 60 MW as well. The output heat producer is divided over six 10 MW
units, considering that the example represents and ICE CHP plant. Furthermore, the
pressure drops over the header and heat producer are based on legitimate assumptions
for an ICE CHP plant. As for the network pressures, a static pressure of 5.5 bar was
stated in the offer. The network pressure loss is assumed to be 6 bar, while the required
differential pressure over the last consumer is assumed to be 0.6 bar, according to
suggestions by Euroheat & Power (2008). Finally, a pressure loss of 2 bar over the
storage is assumed. The design data as filled into the tool can be seen in Appendix 1.
Table 5. Design data used in the calculation example.

Heat producer

Heat consumer

Storage

Production unit output

10 MW

Number of production units

6

Supply temperature

135 °C

Return temperature

60 °C

Header pressure loss

1 bar

Producer pressure loss

5 bar

Demand

60 MW

Network pressure loss

6 bar

Δp over final consumer

0.6 bar

Static pressure

5.5 bar

Storage capacity

750 MWh

Pressure loss over storage

2 bar

53

4

RESULTS

The review of the storage system technologies resulted in a table consisting of
suggestions and limitations affecting the suitability of the storage technologies for
different purposes. In addition to this, an Excel tool has been prepared for studying
operational modes and more specifically how pressure levels and flows in the system
are affected by how the system is operated.
4.1

Techno-economic assessment

The key findings from the storage system review have been summarized in Table 6.
The table presents general design suggestions, limiting factors as well as limitations
for integration of the thermal storage. The purpose of the table is to give an overview
of the three storage technologies studied, which will ease the selection of a storage
technology. As the process parameters and requirements of the system that the storage
is integrated into are known, the table can be used to eliminate certain technologies.
Comments have also been added to some points in the table, for which further
clarifications were deemed necessary.
Even as the table presents clear suggestions, and in some cases limits, the design or
suitability of a technology is not always completely clear. This means that while one
factor would eliminate the use of a technology, it can be counteracted by incorporating
the use of another solution. As stated in Table 6, hydraulically coupled integration is
for instance only possible through use of pressurized storage if the network static
pressure exceeds 7 bar or is prone to fluctuations. This can, however, be counteracted
by using hydraulically decoupled integration, which then enables the possibility of
using one-zone and two-zone storage in high pressure networks.
Another similar case is the maximum storage temperature. A one-zone storage tank at
atmospheric pressure is limited to the boiling temperature of water at the given
pressure, which means that this technology is only suitable to store water at around 98
°C and below. Even as this is a very clear limitation it can be counteracted by bypassing the storage and thus regulating the temperature of the flow entering the storage
tank to 98 °C. Another solution for this is to incorporate an additional heat source to

54

the system, such as a fuel fired boiler, increasing the temperature to a desired level
after the storage. These solutions are however considered feasible only in cases where
the supply temperature requirement exceeds 98 °C during short periods of time. If this
is not the case, the use of one-zone storage will most likely result in a more
uneconomical solution.
Considering this, it is important to treat the factors presented in Table 6 as indicative.
They are to be used as guidelines for selection while keeping an open mind for different
options, such as a solution combined with a peaking boiler. It is also considered
important to cross-check the suggestions in the table, as the factors depend on each
other in some cases.
Something that is considered important but is not completely clear in the table is how
the storage can handle potential pressure fluctuations in a district heating network. As
presented in Figure 20, the return pressure to a secondary heat producer in a network
is prone to fluctuations, which means that there is no guaranteed static pressure for the
secondary producer. As a storage integrated as hydraulically coupled functions
through the differential pressure between the supply and return line, a varying pressure
in the return line would likely lead to unintentional charging and discharging. Due to
this, the conclusion was made that hydraulically coupled integration is not
recommended if there is a possibility for varying pressure in the return line to the heat
producer.
All things considered it can be concluded that the storage system selection will
eventually come down to the result of an economic evaluation of the system. Even as
the solutions can in many cases be combined to achieve a functioning system, the
economical aspect of the solution is also affected greatly. If the use of a one-zone
storage system, as an example, would require hydraulically decoupled integration due
to high network pressure levels or an additional by-pass due to occasionally high
supply temperature it could be more economical to use a pressurized storage system
instead. The use of this technology would in many cases make the mentioned problems
irrelevant.

55

Table 6. Techno-economic assessment; Table for comparison of storage systems.

Storage technology
One-zone
storage
Designed as

Design

Limiting
factors

Integration
method

Two-zone
storage

Pressurized
storage

Pressure-less vessel

Pressure-less vessel

Pressurized vessel

In accordance with EN14015

In accordance with EN14015

In accordance with PED

Optimal h/dratio

2:1 – 1:2

2:1 – 1:2

3:1 – 1:2

Reference plant median:
1.95:1

Reference plant median:
1.76:1

Reference plant median:
2.75:1

Suitable ΔT

30 – 40 °C

30 – 40 °C
75 °C [1]

50 – 55 °C

Temperature

< 98 °C

Upper zone < 98 °C
Lower zone < 135 °C

< 160 °C

Pressure

Atmospheric

Atmospheric
Pressurized [2]

Pressurized [3]
Feasibility in
accordance with
one-zone and twozone systems
Possible
regardless of
network pressure
level
Recommended for
networks with
fluctuating
pressure

Cost

Feasible for stores
> 2 500 m3

Hydraulically
coupled
integration

Possible in small
networks with low
and constant static
pressure

Feasible for stores [4]
> 2 500 m3
> 4 200 m3
> 6 000 m3
Possible in small
networks with low
and constant static
pressure

Hydraulically
decoupled
integration

Recommended for
networks with
varying or static
pressure over 7 bar

Recommended for
networks with
varying or static
pressure over 7 bar

[1] Suitable ΔT based on a budgetary offer received for a two-zone storage system.
[2] Lower storage zone is pressurized in relation to the tank height
[3] Pressurized based on required temperature or network static pressure.
[4] Depends on utilization of the storage volume as well as the required storage temperature.
References: Petersen & Aagaard (2004), Energiateollisuus (2006), Dinçer & Rosen (2011), Frederiksen & Werner
(2014), Cabeza (2015), Thomsen & Overbye (2016), Kraft (2018), Herwig, et al., (2018), Christidis (2019), Guelpa
& Verda (2019), and Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020a; 2020b; …;2020z)

56

The result of the economic assessment can be seen in Figure 22. The curves in the
figure indicate specific costs for all three storage technologies. This makes it possible
to estimate the cost of a storage system based on the required storage volume. In
addition to this, it is also indicated at what volume the cost for two-zone storage
exceeds the cost for pressurized storage. This makes it possible to evaluate the
feasibility of the technologies at low storage volumes.

Figure 22. Specific costs for the three thermal storage technologies covered in the thesis. Assumptions: One-zone
storage (Andersson, 2014); two-zone storage will be 1.8 times more expensive than one-zone storage if the entire
storage volume is utilized; two-zone storage will be 2.2 times more expensive than one-zone storage when only
utilizing the lower storage zone for storage at 115 °C; two-zone storage will be 2.7 times more expensive than onezone storage when only utilizing the lower storage zone for storage at 135 °C

In Figure 22 the cost for the two-zone storage technology is presented as three separate
curves. The curves represent the specific cost when utilizing the entire volume, the
specific cost when utilizing the lower storage volume at 115 °C and the specific cost
when utilizing the lower storage volume at 135 °C. The costs are presented as such
due the fact that the utilization of the storage depends on the temperature requirement
of the system that the storage is integrated into. This means that if there is no need for
98 °C water, which is the maximum storage temperature of the upper storage zone, it
is only possible to make use the lower storage zone. However, if there is use for the
98 °C water as well, utilization of the entire volume is possible. It is thus concluded
that if the utilization of the entire storage volume is possible, the cost per volume will
be lower, as indicated in Figure 22.

57

While previous cost estimates for two-zone storage have been prepared, it is
considered difficult to determine what the cost estimates presented in Figure 22 are
comparable to. In the budgetary offers based on which the estimates have been
prepared, the scope of supply is well specified. It is thus known what is included into
the cost of the storage system. However, figuring out what is included in the scope of
supply for costs indicated in literature is difficult. Most often there is no mention of
this, which makes it difficult to compare the results of the cost estimation in this thesis
to costs indicated in literature.
4.2

Tool for studying operating modes

The results of three essential cases calculated with the tool for studying operating
modes can be seen in Table 7. The cases presented in the table are operation at design
production and design demand, design production and no demand and no production
and design demand. Additional calculations can be found in Appendix 2.
Based on the design data from the budgetary offers as well as legitimate estimations
of pressure losses, the tool calculates flows and pressures for the predetermined offdesign cases. The cases are categorized as charging and discharging, with five different
off-design cases each. A case with calculations at design conditions has also been
added, which is categorized as stable, as no charging or discharging occurs. In Table
7, cases 1, 2 and 8 are presented. Flow charts for four off-design cases that are
considered essential can be found in Appendix 3. In addition to cases 1, 2 and 8, which
are presented in Table 7, case 4 is also considered essential. Case 4 represents
minimum production at no demand. These four cases form the cornerstones of the
operating modes, which is why they are considered essential.

58

Table 7. Three essential cases calculated with the tool prepared for studying operating modes.

Case 1

Case 2

Case 8

Design production
Design demand

Design production
No demand

No production
Design demand

Production units in
operation

6

6

0

Production unit load

100 %

100 %

0%

Produced heat

60 MW

60 MW

0 MW

Heat load

100 %

0%

100 %

Heat demand

6 MW

0 MW

60 MW

Plant production flow

173.2 kg/s

173.2 kg/s

0 kg/s

Production flow per
unit

28.9 kg/s

28.9 kg/s

0 kg/s

Heat consumer flow

173.2 kg/s

0 kg/s

173.2 kg/s

Storage flow

0.0 kg/s

173.2 kg/s

-173.2 kg/s

Net. pump inlet
pressure

5.50 bar

7.50 bar

3.50 bar

Net. pressure loss

6.60 bar

0.00 bar

6.60 bar

Net. pump Δp

6.60 bar

0.00 bar

8.60 bar

Net. pump outlet
pressure

12.10 bar

0.00 bar

12.10 bar

Header pressure loss

1.00 bar

1.00 bar

0.00 bar

Prod. pump inlet
pressure

4.50 bar

4.50 bar

0.00 bar

Production pump Δp

6.00 bar

8.00 bar

0.00 bar

Prod. pump outlet
pressure

10.50 bar

12.50 bar

0.00 bar

Plant pressure loss

5.00 bar

5.00 bar

0.00 bar

5.50 bar

5.50 bar

5.50 bar

5.50 bar

7.50 bar

3.50 bar

0.00 bar

2.00 bar

2.00 bar

Return line connection
point pressure
Supply line connection
point pressure
Storage Δp

59

5

ASSESSMENT OF RESULTS

Even as the results are largely based on previous research and recommendations in
literature, the topic of the thesis is regarded as one that requires some own
interpretation. There is always some uncertainty when it comes to the selection of the
most suitable storage system, and as usual the technologies have their own benefits
and drawbacks. The question of one of these outweighing the other is considered
project specific, as certain traits can be of higher importance depending on the project.
As an example, some might consider a perfectly functioning system of higher
importance than the most economic one. While these two combined would obviously
be the optimal outcome, it is not necessarily the case as there are so many factors to
take into consideration when selecting the suitable technology.
There also seems to be some inconsistency between sources regarding some of the
factors presented in Table 6. The most significant is the maximum storage temperature
for two-zone storage, stated in Table 6 to be 135 °C for the lower storage zone. The
maximum storage temperature of 135 °C has been suggested in a budgetary offer
provided to the commissioner by a supplier in 2017. However, Herwig, et al. (2018)
indicates a maximum storage temperature of 125 °C , while Kraft (2018) presents the
maximum storage temperature as above 100 °C for two-zone storage. Furthermore,
references by Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH (2020q; 2020r; 2020s; 2020t)
indicate realized storage temperatures of 115 °C, while Kraft (2018) states that projects
have been realized with storage temperatures of 120 °C. These types of inconsistencies
make it difficult to determine what the correct temperature is. At some point, however,
physical constraints will inevitably limit the maximum storage temperature, as
increased temperature requires increasing the height of the upper storage zone.
Nevertheless, it seems that realizing a project with a storage temperature of 135 °C is
possible based on the budgetary offer, which is why the maximum storage temperature
is presented accordingly in Table 6.
Despite the aforementioned, the overview presented through Table 6 and Figure 22 is
considered to aid the selection process immensely. The technical and economic
information presented in the results provides an insight on the applicability of the three
technologies assessed. It is considered that this satisfies the main purpose of the thesis,

60

which was to identify factors that will limit the suitability of using a certain storage
system for a process. Proper definition of the process of interest and proper
demarcation of the subject area also ensured that the technologies with the most
relevance for the commissioner were considered for the assessment.
As for the estimation of costs, it is considered to provide good indication as to how the
storage system cost varies with the required storage volume. However, the costs
indicated in Figure 22 should not be considered as absolute. The main reasons for this
are variations in costs during time, caused for instance by inflation and variations in
material costs. Furthermore, the way in which storage system costs are presented in
literature also varies greatly depending on the source. While some might indicate costs
for the storage system only, others might include additional costs such as groundwork,
engineering and additional equipment. Christidis (2019), for instance, presents costs
for the three technologies based on six previously realized projects. Christidis
calculates the specific costs for the technologies based on the total investment cost for
the project in question. This results in cost ranges of 280 – 640 €/m3 for one-zone
storage, 360 – 440 €/m3 for two-zone storage and 1 120 – 1 170 €/m3 for pressurized
storage. Kraft (2018) on the other hand, suggests that the cost ranges for the three
technologies are approximately 300 – 500 €/m3 for one-zone storage, 400 – 700 €/m3
for two-zone storage and 800 – 1 200 €/m3 for pressurized storage. However, it is not
mentioned over what volume range these costs are spread, or what the scope of supply
is for the indicated costs. The fact that it is often not mentioned what is included in the
indicated costs makes it difficult to prepare cost estimates. This also makes assessing
the correctness of the cost estimation very difficult, as it is hard to determine what
previous cost estimations the ones prepared in this thesis can be compared to. Despite
this, the costs presented in Figure 22 are considered to be in the same range as costs
indicated by Christidis and Kraft.
Kraft (2018) also presents a two-zone storage project in Heidelberg, Germany, for
which the investment cost is stated to be approximately € 15 million. Furthermore, it
is told that the storage vessel with groundwork represent approximately 30% of the
total investment cost, resulting in € 4 500 000. The total volume of the storage is 20
000 m3, which means that the specific cost of the storage vessel is 225 €/m3 if the entire
volume is utilized. In Figure 21 it can be seen that the specific cost of one-zone storage

61

at the corresponding volume is 125 €/m3. By multiplying this specific cost with the
calculated cost factor for two-zone storage when utilizing the entire storage volume,
the same specific cost of 225 €/m3 is achieved. This can also be read from Figure 22.
The tool for studying operating modes is considered a useful tool for preliminary
project specific calculations. The tool provides good indication as to how the system
behaves depending on changes in heat production and demand. This will prove to be
useful during project execution, as process parameters for essential operating scenarios
are easily calculated. The tool is thus considered to fulfil its intended purpose. More
precise simulations, such as dynamic modelling of the system, can then be carried out
with a more suitable program as projects proceed.
Calculations performed with the tool are considered a good starting point for dynamic
simulations. However, it is important to note that the tool represents a storage system
that is integrated as hydraulically coupled. Despite this, it is to some extent also
considered possible to perform calculations for a hydraulically decoupled system with
the tool as well. As stated by Thomsen & Overbye (2016), the main difference between
hydraulically coupled and hydraulically decoupled integration is the pump and valve
configuration between the storage and the network supply and return lines. Regardless
of the integration method, the function of the storage will be the same, with the
difference being two additional pumps charging and discharging the storage according
to demand. The most relevant process parameters are thus considered to be the same
regardless of the integration method.
The calculations performed with the tool are considered reliable provided that
legitimate design data are used. As all calculations are carried out based on these,
imprecise design data will inevitably result in errors in the calculations. There is also
a small uncertainty in the calculations for density and specific heat of water in case a
supply temperature of above 100 °C is used. As stated by Cabeza (2015), Equations
(3) and (4) are applicable for water up to 100 °C. The error at temperatures exceeding
100 °C is however considered negligible. In order to reach this conclusion, calculations
were performed at temperatures up to 150 °C and compared to table values for water
up to 150 °C. The comparison indicated a deviation of 3 kg/m3 for density at 150 °C
and a deviation of 0.02 kJ/kg*K for specific heat at 150 °C.

62

6

CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

All in all, the results achieved through this thesis are regarded as a good starting point
for the commissioner to carry out future projects with thermal storage. The
summarized review of storage technologies can be expected to result in significant
time savings, ensuring smoother project planning. In addition to this, the tool for
studying operating modes can be expected to ease the project execution phase of
projects with thermal storage.
It is important to heed possible uncertainties regarding some points in the summary,
as the ones discussed, and to keep an open mind for other solutions in addition to the
ones presented. As more projects with thermal storage emerge, the knowledge around
the subject will also develop. It is thus recommended to review the results presented
in the thesis from time to time, in order to streamline the suggestions and limitations.
Even as tank thermal storage is a mature technology, which means that factors such as
costs are unlikely to improve with time, different suppliers of storage systems might
also have different suggestions. This means that while one supplier might recommend
a certain solution, another supplier might find another solution more suitable. This
further highlights the need to keep an open mind regarding the selection of a storage
technology, and possibly to review them according to supplier suggestions.
Regarding the tool for studying operating profiles, an important development
suggestion would be to transfer it to a program more suitable for simulations of this
type. Preparing a model of the system in a tool such as Simulink would enable the
possibility of dynamic simulations, giving insight into how the system behaves with
varied operation during time. Currently, only static calculations are possible with the
tool, which means that the transition period from one operating mode to another is not
studied at all. However, when preparing the tool, it was considered that dynamic
simulation would be carried out in the later stages of projects while the prepared tool
is to be used to conduct preliminary calculations. In other words, the tool prepared for
the thesis is intended for general calculations while dynamic simulations are
considered more project specific.

63

SVENSK SAMMANFATTNING – SWEDISH SUMMARY
Tekno-ekonomisk utvärdering av tre metoder för lagring av värme
Inledning, ämnesmotivering och syfte
Den aktuella klimatkrisen har medfört målsättningar och krav för att såväl minska
koldioxidutsläpp som att öka energieffektiviteten för energisektorn. Ett av de främsta
målen är att minska bruket av fossila bränslen för energiproduktion och ersätta dessa
med förnybara energikällor. Trots att målsättningarna är väldefinierade för elsektorn
är det oklart hur energiövergången ska genomföras inom värmesektorn. Värmesektorn,
som sägs utgöra upp till hälften av den europeiska energiförbrukningen, bestod år 2017
till 75% av fossila bränslen, medan andelen förnybara energikällor enbart var 16%.
Detta ger en inblick i hur viktigt det är att fokus även sätts på värmesektorn gällande
minskning av koldioxidutsläpp. Strategier för att omstrukturera värmesektorn har
tagits fram av bland annat Europeiska kommissionen, men hinder såsom ovisshet och
bristfällig information försvårar verkställandet av dessa.
I strategierna framhävs sammankoppling av värme- och elsektorerna som en viktig
åtgärd i energiövergången. Det sägs att mängden slösad värme för tillfället är för stor,
och åtgärder för att minska detta är en av huvudpunkterna som lyfts fram av den
Europeiska kommissionen. En av de främsta existerande teknologierna för detta är
fjärrvärme, som redan används i stor utsträckning. Fjärrvärmens andel i värmesektorn
förväntas även ökas ytterligare, med upp till 50% fram till 2050 från det nuvarande
9%. Kravet på en ökning av andelen förnybar energi inom både el- och värmesektorn
kan dock medföra svårigheter att utöka bruket av fjärrvärme.
För tillfället produceras fjärrvärme till stor del av kraftverk vars typ av produktion kan
kallas baskraft. En stor del av dessa använder till exempel kol som huvudsakligt
bränsle, vilket strider mot målsättningen att minska användningen av fossila bränslen.
Genom att denna kolkraft fasas ut minskar då även potentialen för kontinuerlig
produktion av fjärrvärme, vilket kan ses som ett betydande problem inom
värmesektorn. Kravet på ökad mängd förnybar energi leder även till problem inom
elsektorn. Energikällor såsom vind- och solkraft är starkt varierande till sin natur,
vilket medför att elproduktion endast kan garanteras under gynnsamma förhållanden.

64

Detta leder till ett ökat behov av flexibel reservkraft i form av till exempel
snabbstartade och effektiva motorer och gasturbiner. Mängden installerade kraftverk
såsom dessa förväntas öka 13-faldigt fram till 2050.
Dessa nya kraftverk har även stor potential att användas till produktion av värme och
kan till viss del kompensera för avvecklade kraftverk som använder fossila bränslen.
De nya kraftverken producerar dock ofta elektricitet och värme enligt topp-laster och
under perioder med lägre produktion från förnybara energikällor. Detta leder i sin tur
till ytterligare svårigheter, i och med att el- och värmebehovet i många fall inte följs
åt. Det krävs således ytterligare teknologier för att kompensera för skillnader i behov.
En teknologi som har stor potential för detta är värmelagring, vilket innebär tillfällig
lagring av värme.
Värmelagring som teknologi har utvecklats märkbart under de senaste decennierna,
vilket innebär att det finns ett flertal olika metoder för lagring av värme. De olika
metoderna delas ofta upp enligt huvudkategorierna sensibel värmelagring, latent
värmelagring och kemisk värmelagring. Inom dessa huvudkategorier finns ytterligare
ett flertal metoder, såsom vattenlagring i tank och värmelagring genom fasförändring.
Även om teknologin bakom de olika metoderna i huvudsak är densamma är
tillämpningsområdena olika. En viss metods lämplighet styrs till stor del av systemet
till vilket värmelagret integreras. En utmaning är att identifiera för- och nackdelar med
de olika metoderna, vilket bör göras för att kunna välja den mest lönsamma metoden
för systemet ifråga. Ingen metod för värmelagring kan sägas passa alla ändamål bäst,
och en tekno-ekonomisk utvärdering rekommenderas för att möjliggöra valet av rätt
metod för rätt ändamål.
Huvudsyftet för denna avhandling är att identifiera viktiga faktorer som begränsar
användningen av en viss lagringsmetod för ett system. Detta är av intresse för
uppdragsgivaren och förväntas underlätta planeringen och genomförandet av framtida
projekt med värmelagring. Systemet av intresse är ett kraftvärmeverk bestående av
förbränningsmotorer. Kraftverk med förbränningsmotorer kan storleksmässigt variera
från under 10 MW upp till över 400 MW, men kraftvärmeverk av denna typ är oftast
under 100 MW. Detta är således avgränsningen som har beaktats i avhandlingen.

65

Utöver det förnämnda har det även ansetts viktigt att undersöka hur ett system med
värmelagring beter sig under olika driftlägen, med andra ord under varierande behov
och produktion av värme. Eftersom värmelagring är ett väldigt brett koncept har
avhandlingen avgränsats till den värmelagringsmetod som är mest relevant för
uppdragsgivaren; sensibel värmelagring med vatten som lagringsmedium.
Material och metoder
Identifieringen av de faktorer som begränsar en lagringsmetods lämplighet har till
största delen gjorts genom en grundlig litteraturöversikt. Det framkom vid ett tidigt
skede att de för uppdragsgivaren relevanta metoderna inom sensibel värmelagring
gällde kortsiktig lagring av vatten i olika typer av tankar. Utgående från detta
identifierades tre olika teknologier som är de främsta för denna typ av lagring; lagring
i tank med en zon, lagring i tank med två zoner och lagring i trycksatt tank. Utgående
från de tre teknologierna utfördes en ingående undersökning av eventuella
begränsningar, rekommendationer och för- och nackdelar.
I och med att valet av lagringsmetod bör göras utgående från en teknisk och ekonomisk
utvärdering utfördes även kostnadsuppskattningar för de tre främsta teknologierna. I
och med att lagring i tank med en zon för tillfället är den vanligaste metoden användes
tidigare

kostnadsberäkningar

för

den

teknologin

som

utgångspunkt

för

kostnadsuppskattningen. Kostnader för lagring i tank med två zoner och lagring i
trycksatt tank uppskattades då genom en beräknad faktor med referens till lagring i
tank med en zon.
Undersökningen av olika driftlägen genomfördes genom att konstruera ett verktyg för
beräkningar i Excel. Verktyget beräknar flöden, tryck och differentialtryck i systemet.
Verktyget gör detta utgående från inmatade designdata för systemet samt från aktuellt
värmebehov och mängden producerad värme. Detta ger en överblick över hur
systemets tryck och flöden påverkas av ändringar i behov och produktion.

66

Resultat
Resultaten av undersökningen sammanfattas i tabellform. I sammanfattningen
framkommer designrekommendationer, begränsande faktorer och begränsningar
gällande inkoppling av värmelagret. Som designrekommendationer presenteras
särskilda

designdirektiv

för

lagren,

optimal

dimensionering

och

lämplig

temperaturskillnad i lagret. Som begränsande faktorer identifierades maximal
lagringstemperatur, tryck och kostnader. Gällande inkoppling av värmelagret
behandlas två olika metoder, direkt inkoppling och indirekt inkoppling, för vilka
begränsningar presenteras.
Informationen i sammanfattningen möjliggör framförallt en smidigare process vid
valet av lagringsmetod. När krav och parametrar för ett system till vilket värmelagret
ska kopplas är kända kan sammanfattningen användas för att utesluta en eller två av
lagringsmetoderna. I vissa fall är det dock möjligt att undvika begränsningarna utan
att utesluta en lagringsmetod. Ett exempel på detta är den maximala
lagringstemperaturen som är begränsad till 98 °C för lagring i tank med en zon. Detta
innebär att en metod med möjlighet för högre lagringstemperatur är lämpligare ifall
den krävda lagringstemperaturen är över 98 °C. Trots att detta är en tydlig begränsning
kan det undgås genom att tillfälligt förbikoppla lagret. Detta rekommenderas dock
endast om den krävda temperaturen överskrider 98 °C endast under korta tidsperioder.
Eftersom kostnaden oftast är den främsta avgörande faktorn vid valet av lagringsmetod
sammanställdes kostnadsuppskattningarna även som en separat del av resultatet.
Kostnaderna presenteras som specifik kostnad per enhet lagringsvolym och
uppskattningarna visar lägre kostnader när lagringsvolymen ökar. Utgående från
kostnadsuppskattningarna är det möjligt att uppskatta lönsamheten för en
lagringsmetod vid en krävd lagringsvolym jämfört med de andra lagringsmetoderna.
Trots att kostnadsuppskattningen ger bra indikation på lagringsmetodernas specifika
kostnad är det viktigt att betrakta dem med viss försiktighet. Orsaken till detta är att
kostnader som framkommer i källor ofta är angivna på olika sätt, vilket gör det svårt
att jämföra kostnadsuppskattningar i föreliggande arbete med tidigare uppskattningar.
Verktyget som skapades för att undersöka olika driftlägen är ett bra verktyg för att
utföra preliminära beräkningar på ett system med värmelagring. Verktyget ger en bra

67

bild över hur systemet beter sig vid ändrad drift, vilket är till nytta under utförandet av
ett projekt med värmelagring. Det är dock enbart möjligt att utföra statiska beräkningar
med verktyget, vilket innebär att dynamiska simuleringar vid behov bör göras med ett
program anpassat för det. Vidare utveckling av arbetet kunde fokuseras på detta. Om
verktyget överfördes till ett program anpassat för dynamiska simuleringar kunde dessa
utföras utan statiska simuleringar. Genom detta skulle det bli ett mellansteg mindre
vid utförandet av projekt.
Med hjälp av resultaten i föreliggande arbete är möjligheterna till lyckade
värmelagringsprojekt i framtiden goda för uppdragsgivaren. Informationen i
sammanfattningen av lagringsmetoderna och kostnadsberäkningarna kan förväntas
resultera i sparad tid, i och med att de underlättar utförandet av projekt med
värmelagring märkbart. Utöver detta förväntas verktyget för undersökning av
driftlägen även underlätta utförandet av projekt med värmelagring. Det är viktigt att
även beakta andra möjliga lösningar än de som presenterats i avhandlingen och att
uppdatera resultaten enligt dessa. När fler projekt med värmelagring utförs ökas även
kunskapen inom området.

68

REFERENCES
Abad, F. et al., 2018. D2.1 Report on Storage Materials and Systems, Barcelona: WP2,
84 pp.
Agora Energiewende, 2017. Flexibility in thermal power plants - With a focus on
existing coal-fired power plants, Berlin: Agora Energiewende, 115 pp.
Agora
Energiewende,
2020.
Recent
electricity
data.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://www.agora-energiewende.de/en/service/recent-electricitydata/chart/power_generation/ [Accessed 7 November 2019]
Andersson, J., 2014. Thermal storage for hot water, [Internal slide presentation]
Vaasa: Wärtsilä Finland Oy, 11 pp.
Andersson, J. & Knookala, P., 2019. Wärtsilä Energy Business in a Decarbonised
Future. [Internal slide presentation] Vaasa: Wärtsilä Finland Oy, 42 pp.
Averfalk, H. et al., 2017. Large heat pumps in Swedish district heating systems.
Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviewes, pp. 1275-1284.
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020a. Heat accumulator Bruneck 1 und 2/Italy.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-bruneck/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020b. Heat accumulator Linz/Austria. [Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-linzaustria/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020c. District heating accumulator
Wels/Austria.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://bisaustria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-and-distribution/heat-accumulators/heataccumulator-wels/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020d. Heat accumulator Saarbrücken/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-saarbruecken/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020e. Heat accumulator Jena/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-jena-south-germany/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].

69

Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020f. Heat accumulator Salzburg/Austria.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-salzburg/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger
Industrial
Services
GmbH,
2020g.
Laas/Italy.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-laas/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020h. Heat accumulator Mannheim/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulatur-mannheim/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020i. Heat accumulator Freiberg/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-freiberg/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020j. Heat accumulator Ritten/Italy. [Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-ritten/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020k. Heat accumulator Bochum/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-bochum/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020l. Heat accumulator Düsseldorf. [Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-duesseldorf/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020m. Heat accumulator Bozen/Italy. [Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-bozen/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020n. Heat accumulator Torun/Poland.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-torun/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020o. Heat accumulator Gaisburg/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-gaisburg/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].

70

Bilfinger
Industrial
Services
GmbH,
2020p.
Heat
accumulator
Küssnacht/Switzerland.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://bisaustria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-and-distribution/heat-accumulators/heataccumulator-kuessnacht/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020q. Heat accumulator Nürnberg/Germany.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-nuernberg/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020r. Heat accumulator Kiel/Germany. [Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/district-heating-accumulator-kiel/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020s. Heat accumulator and pumps station
Duisburg/Germany.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://bisaustria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-and-distribution/heat-accumulators/heataccumulator-duisburg/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020t. Heat accumulator Heidelberg atmospheric 2-zone accumulator. [Online] Available at: https://bisaustria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-and-distribution/heat-accumulators/heataccumulator-heidelberg/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020u. Heat accumulator Bad Goisern/Austria.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/heat-accumulator-holzwaerme-bad-goysern/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020v. Pressure accumulator Graz/Austria.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/pressure-accumulator-graz/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020w. Heat accumulator AMAG
Ranshofen/Austria.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://bisaustria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-and-distribution/heat-accumulators/heataccumulator-amag-ranshofen/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020x. Pressure accumulator Simmering/AT.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/pressurized-accumulators/pressure-accumulatorsimmering-at/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].

71

Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020y. Pressure accumulator Ulm/DE. [Online]
Available
at:
https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/pressurized-accumulators/pressure-accumulator-ulmde/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bilfinger Industrial Services GmbH, 2020z. Pressure accumulator Diemen/NL.
[Online] Available at: https://bis-austria.bilfinger.com/en/references/energy-anddistribution/heat-accumulators/pressurized-accumulators/pressure-accumulatordiemen-nl/
[Accessed 17 January 2020].
Bird, L., Milligan, M. & Lew, D., 2013. Integrating Variable Renewable Energy:
Challenges and Solutions, Golden: National Renewable Energy Laboratory, 14 pp.
Cabeza, L. F. (ed.), 2015. Advances in Thermal Energy Storage Systems: Methods and
Applications, Cambridge: Woodhead Publishing, 612 pp.
Chaudry, M. et al., 2015. Uncertainties in decarbonising heat in the UK. Energy Policy
87, pp. 623-640.
Christidis, A. C., 2019. Termische Speicher zur Optimierung des Betriebs von
Heizkraftwerken in der Fernwärmeversorgung. Berlin: Technischen Universität
Berlin, 194 pp.
Dinçer, İ. & Rosen, M. A., 2011. Thermal Energy Storage: Systems And Applications,
Second Edition, Chichester: John Wiley & Sons, Ltd, 602 pp.
E.A., 2015. The Danish Experience with Integrating Variable Renewable Energy, 62
p.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://www.agoraenergiewende.de/fileadmin2/Projekte/2015/integration-variabler-erneuerbarerenergien-daenemark/Agora_082_Deutsch-Daen_Dialog_final_WEB.pdf
EB Business Intelligence, 2019. Bloomberg NEF: New Energy Outlook 2019 report
summary, [Internal document] Helsinki: Wärtsilä Oyj. 27 pp.
Ediger, V. S., 2019. An integrated review and analysis of multi-energy transition from
fossil fuels to renewables. Energy Procedia, pp. 2-6.
Energiateollisuus, 2006. Kaukolämmön käsikirja. Helsinki: Adato Energia, 566 pp.
Euroheat & Power, 2008. Guidelines for district heating substations, Brussels:
Euroheat & Power, 68 pp.
European Commission, 2016a. Towards a smart, efficient and sustainable heating and
cooling sector, Brussels: European Commission, 4 pp.
European Commission, 2016b. An EU Strategy on Heating and Cooling, Brussels:
European Commission, 13 pp.

72

Flinkerbusch, K., 2010. Bonus payments for electricity production from renewable
energy sources and the impact on the market participants' capacity choice, Münster:
Centrum für Angewandte Wirtschaftsforschung Münster, 11 pp.
Forni, A., 2018. The Future of CHP is More Flexible and Grid-Interactive, Chicago:
Guidehouse Inc., [Online] Available at: https://guidehouseinsights.com/news-andviews/the-future-of-chp-is-more-flexible-and-grid-interactive
[Accessed 19 December 2019]
Frederiksen, S. & Werner, S., 2014. Fjärrvärme och fjärrkyla. Lund: Studentlitteratur
Ab, 573 pp.
Gailfuss, M., 2016. Germany's new CHP Act explained. Power Engineering
International.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://www.powerengineeringint.com/decentralized-energy/districtenergy/germany-s-new-chp-act-explained/
[Accessed 11 December 2019]
Gibb, D. et al., 2018. Process integration of thermal energy storage systems Evaluation methodology and case studies. Applied Energy 230, pp. 750-760.
Guelpa, E. & Verda, V., 2019. Thermal energy storage in district heating and cooling
systems: A review. Applied Energy 252, pp. 1-22.
Herwig, A., Umbreit, L. & Rühling, K., 2018. Measurement-based modelling of large
atmospheric heat storage tanks. Energy Procedia 149, pp. 179-188
IEA, 2018. World Energy Outlook 2018, Chicago: International Energy Agency, 661
pp.
IEA, 2019. Global energy demand rose by 2.3% in 2018, its fastest pace in the last
decade. [Online] Available at: https://www.iea.org/news/global-energy-demand-roseby-23-in-2018-its-fastest-pace-in-the-last-decade
[Accessed 28 April 2020].
IREN, 2014. The heat storage in district heating systems: From environmental and
cost savings to higher flexibility of CHP plants - the Turin DH system, [Slide
presentation] Turin: IREN, 33 pp.
IRENA, 2019. Innovation Landscape for a Renewable-powered Future: Solutions to
Integrate Variable Renewables, Abu-Dhabi: International Renewable Energy Agency,
164 pp.
Joint Research Centre, 2016. The EU Strategy on heating and cooling. SETIS
magazine, pp. 11-13.
Kalaiselvam, S. & Parameshwaran, R., 2014. Thermal Energy Storage Technologies
for Sustainability: Systems design, assessment, and applications. Oxford: Elsevier,
444 p.

73

Kettig, F., 2016. Unlocking Optimum CHP Performance in Future Power Systems.
[Online] Available at: https://www.wartsila.com/twentyfour7/in-detail/unlockingoptimum-chp-performance-in-future-power-systems
[Accessed 19 December 2019]
Kraft, A., 2018. Großwärmespeicher - Bausteine der Energiewende, [Slide
presentation] Dresden: EEB ENERKO GmbH, 33 pp.
Kroposki, B., 2017. Integrating high levels of variable renewable energy into electric
power systems. Journal of Modern Power Systems and Clean Energy, pp. 831-837.
Kulkarni, G. N., Kedare, S. B. & Bandyopadhyay, S., 2008. Design of solar thermal
systems utilizing pressurized hot water storage for industrial applications. Solar
Energy 82, pp. 686-699.
Lervik, P., 1994. Värmetekniska tabeller, Turku: Åbo Akademi, 34 pp.
Lund, H. et al., 2014. 4th Generation District Heating (4GDH) Integrating smart
thermal grids into future sustainable energy systems. Energy, pp. 1-11.
Njoku, H., Ekechukwu, V. & Onyegegbu, S., 2014. Analysis of stratified thermal
storage systems: An overview. Heat and Mass Transfer 50, pp. 1017-1030
Paardekooper, S. et al., 2018. Heat Roadmap Europe 4: Quantifying the Impact of
Low-Carbon Heating and Cooling Roadmaps. Aalborg: Aalborg Universitetsforlag,
97 pp.
Patronen, J., Kaura, E. & Torvestad, C., 2017. Nordic heating and cooling: Nordic
approach to EU's Heating and Cooling Strategy. Copenhagen: Rosendahls, 110 pp.
Petersen, M. K. & Aagaard, J., 2004. Heat accumulators. News from DBDH 1/2004,
pp. 4-7.
Savolainen, J., 2019. Personal communication with business analyst, 28 October, 2019
Simon, F., 2019. Solar CEO: 'Heating electrification is one of the biggest mistakes of
the
energy
transition'
[Online]
Available
at
https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/interview/solar-ceo-heating-electrificationis-one-of-the-biggest-mistakes-of-the-energy-transition/
[Accessed 3 December 2019]
Singh, O., 2008. Applied Thermodynamics. Kanpur: New Age International Ltd., 965
pp.
Sinnott, R. K., 2005. Chemical Engineering Design. Oxford: Elsvier ButterworthHeinemann, 1065 pp.

74

Sørensen, P. A. & Schmidt, T., 2018. Design and construction of large scale heat
storages for district heating in Denmark. 14th International Conference on Energy
storage, 25-28 April, Adana: PlanEnergi, 15 pp.
Thomsen, P. & Overbye, P., 2016. Energy storage for district energy systems. In:
Avanced district heating and cooling (DHC) systems. Amsterdam: Elsevier Ltd., pp.
145-166.
UN, 2015. Paris Agreement. United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change. Decision 1/CP 21 in Paris. 36 p. [Online] Available at:
https://unfccc.int/sites/default/files/resource/docs/2015/cop21/eng/10a01.pdf
Wang, Z. et al., 2017. Experimental and numerical research of thermal stratification
with a novel inlet in a dynamic hot water storage tank. Renewable Energy, pp. 353371.
Werner, S., 2017. International review of district heating and cooling. Energy, pp. 617631.

75

APPENDICES
Appendix 1. Design data for example calculation

76

Appendix 2. Off-design case calculations performed based on design data

77

78

79

Appendix 3. Flow charts for four essential off-design cases

80

81

82

83

