Validation of a Screening Method for Voice Disorders

Jemima Rantanen, 38735
Master’s Thesis
Supervisors: Sofia Holmqvist-Jämsén, Daniel Fellman
& Greta Wistbacka
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Logopedics
Åbo Akademi University
2020

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY –
FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY
Abstract for Master’s thesis
Subject: Speech and language pathology
Author: Jemima Rantanen
Title of the work: Validation of a Screening Method for Voice Disorders
Supervisor: Sofia Holmqvist-Jämsén, Daniel Fellman and Greta Wistbacka
Abstract:
An optimal voice use is an important tool for verbal communication such as
expressing and sharing ideas, emotions and thoughts. Changes in the quality of voice
can be distressing and have a severe impact on a person’s quality of life, especially
for people in voice-demanding occupations. Because voice disorders have a negative
impact on well-being, communication, ability to work and the overall quality of life,
it is crucial to screen for voice problems at an early stage, preventing the
development from vocal symptoms to a voice disorder.
The aim of this thesis was to conduct a validation of a fast and easy screening
method, coined as Screen11. Apart from some modifications, Screen11 relies heavily
on eleven vocal symptoms used in several previous studies. This study investigated
the internal consistency, convergent validity and test-retest reliability of Screen11.
Additionally, it examined whether the eleven items loads sufficiently on the same
underlying factor measuring voice disorders using an exploratory factor analysis.
The voice patient group (n = 48) comprised of patients from TYKS phoniatric
department seeking help for their voice problems. For these voice patients, voicehealthy controls were recruited (n = 48) that were matched according to gender, age
and occupation. The participants answered Screen11, along with two previously
validated voice questionnaires, namely Voice Handicap Index (VHI) and Voice
Activity and Participation Profile (VAPP). The participants in the voice patient
group also received a retest of Screen11.
The results showed that Screen11 possessed good internal consistency, and
correlated sufficiently with VHI and VAPP. The test-retest correlation in Screen11
was close to strong, suggesting that Screen11 was relatively reliable across time. The
exploratory factor analysis showed that the items in Screen11 loaded on two separate
factors: voice symptoms and laryngopharyngeal symptoms.
Screening is a way to detect voice problems at an early stage, before a voice disorder
occurs. Due to the successful validation of Screen11, it could serve as a useful
addition to the toolbox of screening methods aimed at identifying possible voice
disorders at an early stage. Future studies on Screen11 could examine the most
optimal threshold in Screen11 for discriminating between those having visible
changes on the vocal folds compared to those with no visible changes on the vocal
folds.
Key words: screening, Screen11, voice disorders, vocal symptoms
Date: 24.4.2020
Pages: 25 + 6

ÅBO AKADEMI –
FAKULTET FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH TEOLOGI
Sammanfattning av avhandling pro-gradu
Ämne: Logopedi
Författare: Jemima Rantanen
Arbetets titel: Validering av en screeningmetod för röststörningar
Handledare: Sofia Holmqvist-Jämsén, Daniel Fellman och Greta Wistbacka
Sammanfattning:
En fungerande röst är ett viktigt redskap för verbal kommunikation, såsom att
uttrycka idéer, emotioner och tankar. Röststörningar kan vara mycket belastande och
ha långtgående konsekvenser för en individs livskvalitet, speciellt för personer inom
röstkrävande yrken. Eftersom röststörningar kan ha en negativ inverkan på
välmående, kommunikation, arbetsmöjligheter och hela livskvaliteten, är det viktigt
att hitta röstproblem i ett tidigt skede, för att förebygga att röstsymtomen utvecklas
till en röststörning. Exempelvis med screening kan röstproblemen hittas i ett tidigt
skede.
Syftet med avhandlingen var att validera en snabb och lätt screeningmetod för
röststörningar, Screen11. Screen11 är ett nytt frågeformulär baserat på elva symtom,
som har använts i flera tidigare studier. I denna studie undersöktes den interna
konsistensen, konvergenta validiteten och retest-reliabiliteten för Screen11, samt
med en exploratorisk faktoranalys ifall samtliga frågor laddade på samma
underliggande faktor som mäter röststörning.
Deltagarna bestod av röstpatienter och röstfriska kontrollpersoner.
Röstpatientgruppen (n = 48) bestod av patienter från ÅUCS foniatriska poliklinik
som sökt hjälp för sina röstproblem. Deltagarna i kontrollgruppen var röstfriska
personer, matchade med deltagarna i röstpatientgruppen enligt kön, ålder och yrke.
Deltagarna fyllde i Screen11 och ytterligare två tidigare validerade
röstfrågeformulär, Voice Handicap Index (VHI) och Voice Activity and Participation
Profile (VAPP). Deltagarna i röstpatientgruppen fyllde i även ett retest av Screen11.
Enligt resultaten hade Screen11 en bra intern konsistens och en tillräckligt stark
korrelation mellan VHI och VAPP. Retest-reliabiliteten var adekvat, vilket föreslår
att Screen11 är relativt reliabel över tid. Den exploratoriska faktoranalysen visade att
påståendena i Screen11 laddade på två olika faktorer: röstsymtom och halssymtom.
Screening är ett sätt att hitta röstsymtom innan de utvecklas till en röststörning. Den
lyckade valideringen av Screen11 i den här studien tyder på att frågeformuläret
kunde vara en användbar screeningmetod för att hitta eventuella röststörningar i ett
tidigt skede. Framtida studier med Screen11 kunde utvärdera det optimala
tröskelvärdet för att åtskilja mellan de personer som har synliga förändringar på
stämbanden och de som inte har synliga förändringar.
Nyckelord: screening, Screen11, röststörning, röstsymtom
Datum: 24.4.2020
Sidoantal: 25 + 6

Acknowledgements
To begin with I want to acknowledge the personnel of TYKS phoniatric department
for the cooperation and for being very helpful regarding the data collection.
Secondly, I want to thank all participants participating in this study. I also want to
say a warm thank you to my supervisors: Sofia, Daniel and Greta! You have given
valuable suggestions and ideas, always been available whenever I have had questions
or needed directions and, additionally, been great teachers during the whole process
of writing this thesis. Lastly I want to thank my friends, family and future colleagues.
You have been a great encouragement along the whole way and helped both in a
practical way and by being an important support. You have also made sure there are
always enough coffee breaks.

Table of content
1 Introduction .......................................................................................................... 1
1.1 Voice disorders and voice symptoms .............................................................. 2
1.2 Prevalence of voice symptoms and risk factors ............................................... 3
1.3 Screening for voice disorders ......................................................................... 5
1.3.1 Development of Screen11 ........................................................................ 6
1.4 Aim of the thesis ............................................................................................ 8
2 Method ................................................................................................................. 8
2.1 Questionnaires................................................................................................ 9
2.2 Participants and collection of data ................................................................ 11
2.3 Statistical analyses ....................................................................................... 14
3 Results ................................................................................................................ 14
3.1 Descriptive statistics ..................................................................................... 14
3.2 Internal consistency ...................................................................................... 15
3.3 Convergent validity ...................................................................................... 16
3.4 Test-retest reliability .................................................................................... 17
3.5 Exploratory factor analysis ........................................................................... 18
4 Discussion .......................................................................................................... 19
4.1 The validity of Screen11 .............................................................................. 20
4.2 Limitations of the study and future research ................................................. 22
4.3 Summary and conclusions ............................................................................ 25
References ........................................................................................................... 1
Swedish summary - Svensk sammanfattning
References
Appendix A
Appendix B
Appendix C

Jemima Rantanen

1

1 Introduction
An optimal voice use is an important tool for verbal communication such as
expressing and sharing ideas, emotions and thoughts (Merrill, Roy & Lowe, 2013).
The importance of a healthy voice use has increased over time, as most of the
occupations today are communication-based (Hanschmann, Lohmann & Bergen,
2011; Ruben, 2000). Therefore, in the 21st century the ability to communicate
effectively with the voice is for most people essential to make a living (Hanschmann
et al., 2011).
Changes in the quality of voice can be distressing and have a severe impact on a
person’s quality of life (QOF). Changes in the voice quality can have negative effects
on a person’s psychological well-being and social life, thus, affecting the whole QOF
(Smith et al., 1996; Ziwei, Zheng & Pin, 2014). Voice problems can also have
negative effects on work performance, especially in voice-demanding occupations
(Hagelberg & Simberg, 2015; Sala, Laine, Simberg, Pentti & Suonpää, 2001;
Simberg, Sala, Vehmas & Laine, 2005). Accordingly, voice problems in vocally
demanding occupations can have direct consequences for the ability to work and also
affect employment and the economy (Smith et al., 1996; Ruben, 2000).
Because voice disorders might have such a severe impact in all aspects of an
individual’s life, it would be essential to detect the voice disorder at an early stage
(Awan, Roy, Zhang & Cohen, 2016; Simberg, Sala, Laine & Rönnemaa, 2001).
Screening is a way to detect possible voice disorders already at an early stage (Awan
et al., 2016) and would also help enabling the most successful treatment. Periodic
screening for voice disorders would be advisable, especially in those environments
where the risk is high, so the possible voice disorders would be detected at an early
stage and correct treatment would be offered (Awan et al., 2016; Ghirardi, Ferreira,
Giannini & de Oliveira, 2013). Therefore, a screening method must be noninvasive
and inexpensive, according to Awan et al. (2016).

Jemima Rantanen

2

1.1 Voice disorders and voice symptoms
In previous literature there are several different definitions of what constitutes a
voice disorders. For instance, voice disorders can be defined as when a person is
experiencing an abnormal voice use, the voice is inappropriate in relation to age or
gender, it awakens attention or when the voice does not meet the to-be-required daily
needs (Definitions of Communication Disorders and Variations, 1993; Verdolini &
Ramig, 2001; Aronson & Bless, 2009). According to Ramig and Verdolini (1998),
the qualities of voice, such as loudness and pitch change due to a voice disorder.
Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Gray and Smith (2004), defined a voice disorder in their
study as “to be any time the voice does not work, perform, or sound as it normally
should, so that it interferes with communication”.
Another commonly used term is “voice symptoms”, which in contrast to the term
“voice disorders”, refers to complaints and characteristics that a person explains
regarding the voice problem (Colton, Casper & Leonard, 2011). Such symptoms can
be pain or soreness that the person feels in the throat region or along the neck, or
characteristics like a hoarse throat or an itchy feeling in the throat (Colton, Casper &
Leonard, 2011).
Voice disorders can be divided into different groups, for example in functional and
organic voice disorder. These categorizations may vary but they are often based on
etiology. According to the categorization of Verdolini, Rosen and Branski (2006),
functional voice disorders occur due to improper and extensive use of the vocal
mechanisms with lack of visible physical changes in the larynx (Aronson & Bless,
2009; Verdolini et al., 2006). Organic voice disorders show structural changes in the
vocal mechanisms (Aronson & Bless, 2009; Verdolini et al., 2006). Voice disorders
might overlap. The origin to an organic voice disorder, like nodules, can be
functional due to extensive improper use of the vocal tract that lead to trauma on the
vocal folds and, therefore, to an organic voice disorder (Aronson & Bless, 2009;
Ramig & Verdolini, 1998). The opposite might also be possible, when an organic
voice disorder leads to compensatory vocal behavior resulting in secondary
functional voice problems (Aronson & Bless, 2009).

Jemima Rantanen

3

Two individuals with similar level of dysfunction in voice could perceive different
handicap levels based on their expectations of the voice quality (Awan et al., 2016).
Depending on the vocal demands, and also personality, even small changes in the
voice quality can for some people have severe impacts on the level of disability,
while to others it might have little impact (Awan et al., 2016). Many individual
factors contribute to the severity of the dysfunction in a voice disorder, such as
health related factors and the medical conditions, stress, the adjustments the person
makes to the condition, and also the communication needs the person has (Aronson
& Bless, 2009; Mendoza & Carballo, 1998; Ramig & Verdolini, 1998; Verdolini et
al., 2006).

1.2 Prevalence of voice symptoms and risk factors
A study suggested that 7.5–25.5% of the general population in Finland experiences
vocal symtoms weekly or more often (Holmqvist, Santtila, Lindström, Sala &
Simberg, 2013). In the United States, voice disorders seem to occur among 6.2–7.8%
in the general adult population (Bhattacharyya, 2014; Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa,
Gray & Smith, 2004). A study among the general Swedish population showed a
prevalence of voice disorders among 16.9% of the population (Lyberg-Åhlander,
Rydell, Fredlund, Magnusson & Wilén, 2018). The highest prevalence of the voice
disorders were among the age group 65 years and older. This is in accordance to
other studies as well, that voice disorders become more common among elderly
people (de Araújo Pernambuco, Espelt, Balata & de Lima, 2015; Golub, Chen, Otto,
Hapner & Johns, 2006; Roy, Stemple, Merrill & Thomas, 2007).
Women tend to have a higher prevalence of voice symptoms than men and have also
shown more chronic voice disorders (Coyle, Weinrich & Stemple, 2001; Roy,
Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004; Roy, Merrill, Gray & Smith, 2005). The reason
behind more often occurring voice disorders among women than men, have been
explained by structural differences. Women have shorter and thinner vocal chords
than men and thus produce voice at a higher frequency, so there is more mechanical
stress and less tissue mass to soften the vibratory force (Roy et al., 2005; Roy,
Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004). It is also reported that among women of 40–59

Jemima Rantanen

4

years of age, voice disorders are more common than among younger women (Coyle
et al., 2001; Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004).
Frequent throat infections, asthma and other allergies, are risk factors for developing
problems with the voice (Baker, Baker & Le, 1982; Dogan, Eryuksel, Kocak, Celikel
& Sehitoglu, 2007; Ohlsson, Andersson, Södersten, Simberg & Barregård, 2012).
Studies have shown a more frequent experience of allergies, colds and laryngitis
among teachers than among non-teachers (Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al.,
2004). Other risk factors are for instance voice-demanding activities, smoking,
multiple chemical exposures, and vocal fold problems earlier in life (Ohlsson et al.,
2012; Roy et al., 2005). A twin study by Simberg, Santtila, Soveri, Varjonen, Sala
and Sandnabba (2009), shows that 65% of the variation between individuals in
occurrence of vocal symptoms are explained by non-shared environmental factors.
Thus, heredity could contribute to voice disorders, however, the main reason seems
to be environmental (Simberg et al., 2009; Roy et al., 2005).
Voice problems occur more often among people in voice demanding occupations,
such as teachers (e.g. Simberg et al., 2005), priests (e.g. Hagelberg & Simberg,
2015), day care center teachers (e.g. Sala et al., 2001) and actors (e.g. Wingate,
Brown, Shrivastav, Davenport & Sapienza, 2007), than people in other occupations.
Vocal symptoms among teachers and also teacher students have been vastly studied,
and the results show that vocal symptoms are common already among teacher
students even from the beginning of their education (Ohlsson et al., 2012), but the
frequency is much greater later in their career (Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al.,
2004). During their 2-year long practicum, 37% of German teacher students reported
two or more symptoms of voice disorders (Schiller, 2017). Among Norwegian
student teachers approximately 14.1% experience at least two vocal symptoms daily
or every week (Greve, Bryn & Simberg, 2018).
Professional voice users, such as singers and actors, have high demands on their
vocal mechanism and are at high risk of developing a voice disorder (Verdolini &
Ramig, 2001; Zeine & Waltar, 2002). Since their income depends highly on the
ability to produce voice, even a slight change in the vocal quality can significantly
disturb the functional and work-related quality of life (Wingate et al., 2007; Woo,

Jemima Rantanen

5

2015). Singers and actors usually have knowledge of adequate voice usage and,
hence, are more likely to recognize changes in the vocal quality at an early stage
(Jayakumar & Yasin, 2019; Wingate et al., 2007). Although voice disorders are
commonly short lasting, they still cause sick leave and, hence, affect work-related
activities and have a severe impact on the occupational life (Roy et al., 2005).

1.3 Screening for voice disorders
Screening for voice disorders is a way to detect a possible voice disorder, but
differentiates from assessing a voice disorder in the way that screening is often
applied to healthy people or people at risk for a voice disorder (Awan et al., 2016).
Screening often follows with diagnosing methods to verify the results and to provide
more detailed information if a voice disorder is detected (Awan et al., 2016), for
example with Voice Handicap Index (Jacobson et al., 1997) or Voice Activity and
Participation Profile (Ma & Yiu, 2001). Voice disorders should preferably be
detected and diagnosed at an early stage, to enable the most successful treatment and
prevent those from developing (Awan et al., 2016; Ghirardi et al., 2013; Simberg et
al., 2001), preferably before applying for a voice demanding occupation (Simberg et
al., 2001). According to Jardim, Barreto and Assunção (2007), it is appropriate to use
voice symptoms for screening purposes and, subsequently, gain an understanding of
how the symptoms affect the daily life of the individual.
Different kind of questionnaires or methods have been made for detecting a voice
disorder and measuring the severity of handicap the individual experiences due to
voice problems. The methods differ from each other in terms of what they focus on.
Some methods are for instance self-assessment questionnaires, while others are
retrospective methods, or focus on acoustic measures. It is valuable to measure both
the objective and the subjective aspects of the voice (Awan et al., 2016). Measuring
the objective acoustic aspects of the voice provides no understanding of the emotions
and the impact the changes in the voice has on the person’s life, work, social
activities and daily life (Hanschmann et al., 2011; Hogikyan & Sethuraman, 1999;
Ziwei et al., 2014).
The Voice Symptom Scale (VoiSS) (Deary, Wilson, Carding & MacKenzie, 2003)
and Screening Index for Voice Disorder (SIVD) (Ghirard et al., 2013) are examples

Jemima Rantanen

6

of screening methods developed to detect voice problems. VoiSS focuses on the
impairment the voice problems causes, the emotional aspects and the related physical
symptoms, whereas SIVD provides information about the vocal conditions and the
most frequent voice symptoms. Both are available in English, but not in Finnish.
Some acoustic screening methods are for example The Cepstral Spectral Index of
Dysphonia (CSIP) (Awan et al., 2016), Dysphonia severity index (DSI) (Wuyts et
al., 2000) and Acoustic Voice Quality Index (AVQI) (Maryn, De Bodt & Roy,
2010). CSIP uses cepstral and spectral acoustic-based measures to differentiate
between healthy voices and voice problems (Awan et al., 2016). DSI focuses on
gaining an insight of the perceived vocal quality using a combination of the highest
frequency, lowest intensity, maximum phonation time and jitter (Wuyts et al., 2000).
AVQI measures the severity of the voice problem in continuous speech and sustained
vowels (Maryn, De Bodt & Roy, 2010). Additionally, a subscale to Voice Handicap
Index called VHI Throat (VHI-T) can be used to measure a patient’s estimated throat
related symptoms (Lyberg-Åhlander, Rydell, Eriksson & Schalén, 2010).
1.3.1 Development of Screen11
Screen11 is a Finnish screening method for voice disorders based on voice symptoms
presented in many previous studies, mostly for teachers. In contrast to many other
screening methods, such as VOISS and SIVD, Screen11 focuses on the prevalence of
the given voice symptoms during a certain time. In a pioneering study by
Pekkarinen, Himberg and Pentti (1992), where changes in the vocal symptoms
among teachers were analyzed, the symptoms were then presented in a study by
Simberg, Laine, Sala and Rönnemaa (2000). The study by Simberg et al. (2000)
determined the prevalence of voice disorders among future teachers. A year later the
same authors conducted a study that introduced an easy and fast screening method
for health care professionals to capture those participants who are in need of voice
intervention (Simberg, Sala, Laine & Rönnemaa, 2001). This screening method used
the same symptoms as presented in Screen11. Simberg et al. (2001) studied the
prevalence of eight vocal symptoms in a sample consisting of 76 teacher students.
The eight vocal symptoms were the following: “Morning hoarseness”, “The voice
gets strained or tired”, “The voice gets low or hoarse while talking”, “Voice-breaks
while talking”, “To loose voice for at least a couple of minutes while talking”,
“Difficulty in being heard”, “Throat clearing or coughing while talking” and “Feel of

Jemima Rantanen

7

pain, tension or a lump in the throat” (Simberg, Sala, Laine & Rönnemaa, 2001). The
students were asked to answer how often they had experienced these symptoms
during the past 12 months. The answers were rated from 1 to 6, with 1 being “Every
day or most days”, and 6 being “No symptoms”. This screening method was found to
be easy to manage, fast to perform and required little recourses, as it was developed
to be (Simberg et al., 2001).
The same symptoms explained above were also used in a study investigating if the
prevalence of voice disorders among day care center teachers differed compared to
nurses (Sala et al., 2001). A study in 2004, determining the prevalence of voice
problems among teachers and teacher students, also used the same vocal symptoms
(Simberg, 2004). The study by Pekkarinen et al. (1992), was also repeated 12 years
later using the same vocal symptoms with 241 teachers (Simberg et al., 2005). The
results in Simberg et al. (2005) study showed that the vocal symptoms had increased
among teachers during a 12-year period. The symptoms have also been used in
studies worldwide, for example in a Brazilian study discussing a standardized
definition of voice disorder and studying the prevalence of voice disorders among
teachers (Jardim et al., 2007).
A decade later, Ohlsson, Andersson, Södersten, Simberg and Barregård (2012),
developed a screening method in their study, the content of which was highly similar
to that in Simberg et al. (2001). However, as none of the participants in the Simberg
et al. (2001) study reported experiencing two of the symptoms (i.e., morning
hoarseness and loss of voice), they were excluded from the version used in the
Ohlsson et al. study (2012). Ohlsson et al. (2012) titled their screening method
Screen6 because of the six symptoms it included.
Screen6, or different variations of it have been used in studies and also in clinical
practice. For example, Ohlsson, Andersson, Södersten, Simberg, Claesson and
Barregård (2016); Simberg et al. (2005); Sala et al. (2001); Fellman and Simberg
(2017) and Hagelberg and Simberg (2014) have used Screen6 or some version of the
Screen among other questionnaires in their study. However, there are some
shortcomings in the current versions that should be pointed out. Firstly, Screen6 has
double-barreled statements that are problematic as they have the potential to

Jemima Rantanen

8

bewilder participants, potentially also leading to response avoidance due to
confusion. For instance, in the question “Does your voice become strained or tired?”
(Ohlsson et al., 2012) it is impossible to conclude which of the two voice symptoms
(or both) the individual is referring to. Secondly, Screen6 lacks a careful examination
of its psychometric properties (i.e., whether it is valid and reliable). To tackle the
first shortcoming, the present study includes a version where the double-barreled
items have been divided into one symptom per item, including altogether eleven
items. To tackle the second shortcoming, this study conducted a proper validation of
the screening method and established the psychometric properties of Screen11.

1.4 Aim of the thesis
The purpose of this study was to conduct a validation of a retrospective screening
method, titled Screen11. Apart from some slight modifications, Screen11 relies
heavily on the vocal symptoms used in several previous studies (e.g. Jardim et al.,
2007; Ohlsson et al., 2016; Sala et al., 2001; Simberg, 2004; Simberg et al., 2005).
Because voice disorders have such a severe impact on well-being, communication,
ability to work and the overall quality of life, it is important to screen for voice
problems to prevent the development from vocal symptoms to a voice disorder and
to allow for an early intervention (Awan et al., 2016; Merrill et al., 2013; Murry,
Medrado, Hogikyan & Aviv, 2004; Ziwei et al., 2014). Screen11 was validated in a
two-step procedure. First, we examined its psychometric adequacy, second, we
examined the factor structure of the eleven items with the hypothesis that all items
would load sufficiently on the same common underlying factor measuring voice
problems.

2 Method
This study has been conducted in cooperation with the Turku University Hospital,
TYKS (Turun Yliopistollinen Keskussairaala). The Board for Research Ethics at Åbo
Akademi University approved the study and, furthermore, it was processed and
accepted by the Clinical Research Centre in Turku.

Jemima Rantanen

9

2.1 Questionnaires
The questionnaires used in this study were Screen11, the Finnish version of the
Voice Handicap Index (VHI) (Alaluusua & Johansson, 2003) and the Finnish version
of the Voice Activity and Participation Profile (VAPP) (Sukanen, Sihvo, Rorarius,
Lehtihalmes, Autio & Kleemola, 2007). The Screen11 questionnaire relies strongly
on the six vocal symptoms used in the Ohlsson et al. (2012) study. Specifically, it
includes the same items, but unlike Ohlsson et al. (2012), the double-barreled
questions were unpacked, so that each symptom formed a specific item in Screen11.
This modification resulted to eleven items describing one vocal symptom each (see
Table 1). The participants were asked to answer how often these symptoms had
occurred during the past 12 months. There were four possible answers: never,
seldom, every week, or every day. The answers were scored on a four-point scale, in
which never gave a score of zero, the answer seldom gave a score of one, every week
gave a score of two and every day gave a score of three. A sum score of these items
was calculated, yielding a core range of 0–33, where a higher value indicated more
voice problems.
Table 1
The Items in Screen11
Never Seldom Every week

Every day

1. The voice becomes strained
2. The voice becomes tired
3. The voice becomes hoarse
4. The voice becomes low while talking
5. The voice breaks while talking
6. Difficulties in being heard
7. A need to clear the throat while
talking
8. A need to cough while talking
9. A sensation of tension in the larynx
region
10. A sensation of lump in the throat
11. A sensation of pain in the larynx
region
Note. The items are freely translated from the Finnish version into English by the
author of this thesis.

Jemima Rantanen

10

The VHI questionnaire used in this study was a Finnish version, validated by
Alaluusua and Johansson (2003). VHI is a psychometrically robust indicatory of the
voice disability, or handicap. It was developed to reveal a variety of voice disorders
and to measure the psychosocial limitations the voice disorder has for the individual
(Jacobson et al., 1997). During the validation study, the participants reported
realizing the severity of their voice problems while answering the VHI questions.
The VHI consists of 30 items, with each item divided into three categories: physical,
emotional and functional aspects of voice, with 10 items in each category. A fivepoint scale presents the answers with the alternatives never, almost never, sometimes,
almost always and always. The alternative never results in a score of zero, almost
never one, sometimes two, almost always three, and always four, with 120 being the
highest possible score. In the validation of the Finnish VHI, the mean score in the
control group was 9.3 (SD = 7.7) and in the voice patient group 40.8 (SD = 19.1)
(Alaluusua & Johansson, 2003). According to a subjective self-evaluation of how
disordered the participants thought their voice were, the mean score for having a
slightly disordered voice was 33.4 (SD = 16.8) and for a severely disordered voice
52.2 (SD = 15.9) (Alaluusua & Johansson, 2003). The VHI has shown to be useful
for patients to understand the severity of their voice disorder and, therefore,
encouraged them for intervention (Jacobson et al., 1997).
VAPP is a self-assessing questionnaire with an emphasis to capture the perception of
voice problems, activity limitations and participation restriction (Ma & Yiu, 2001).
VAPP consists of 28 items that are divided into four subsections: impact of voice on
work, daily communication, social communication and emotion (Ma & Yiu, 2001).
The items in VAPP use a visual analogue scale, each scale comprehending a 10-cm
long straight line with the left end meaning not affected and the right end always
affected. The results are measured in millimeter from the left where on the line a
cross is marked. Finally, the results of all items are counted together, yielding a score
range of 0–280. In the validation of VAPP the mean scores were 13.48 (SD = 18.90)
in the control group and 114.12 (SD = 55.28) in the voice patient group (Ma & Yiu,
2001). In this study, the Finnish version of VAPP was used, which was validated by
Sukanen et al. (2007).

Jemima Rantanen

11

2.2 Participants and collection of data
The participants forming the voice patient group consisted of patients in the
phoniatric outpatient clinic of TYKS, who sought help for their voice problems (see
Table 2). Once the participants applied for an appointment to the phoniatrician, their
addresses were saved at the hospital. Then a letter was sent to the patients containing
information about the study and the three questionnaires. The letter also included a
return envelope for the questionnaires. No information about the addresses left the
hospital. The names of the patients were transformed to individual codes. In other
words, no names were revealed at any time during the study. All personal
information relevant for this study was kept according to the law of confidentiality at
Arken, Åbo Akademi University.
The letter included a cover letter with information about the research and the
questionnaires Screen11, the Finnish version of VHI (Alaluusua & Johansson, 2003)
and the Finnish version of VAPP (Sukanen et al., 2007). The patients were asked to
mail the questionnaires to the hospital in the return envelope before their
appointment. During their appointment they received a retest of Screen11. Between
the first and second assessment point of Screen11, the patients received no
intervention. After the first appointment, the phoniatrician wrote a diagnosis on the
Screen11 retest.
Table 2
Diagnosis in the voice patient group
Diagnosis
n
%
Functional voice disorder
11
6.05
Organic voice disorder
28
15.40
Neurologic
7
3.85
Other
9
4.95
Total
55
Note. Two laryngologists assessed the patients’ diagnosis. Thereafter, two
experienced speech and language pathologists categorized the patients into four
different groups based on the given diagnosis. Although 65 participants
completed the Screen11 questionnaire during the first assessment point, 10 of
them did not show up to the phoniatric examination. Thus, the n is 55.

Jemima Rantanen

12

When approximately half of the study sample had been collected, we noted that some
of the participants had left certain parts of the questionnaires unanswered. Some
participants might have forgotten to answer or missed some items, while others
might have found some items incompatible for their current life situations and,
therefore, left those items unanswered. Especially pensioners and students tended to
leave the items related to how the voice disorder affected their work unanswered.
Moreover, one participant left the comment “I don’t have a family” instead of
responding to the item “My family has difficulty hearing me when I call them
throughout the house” (Jacobson et al. 1997) in VHI. A few participants left all or
most questionnaires blank. Some participants answered a question between two
answers, for example between seldom and every week. In those cases, the more
severe answer was chosen. Hence, we modified the instruction letter halfway through
the data collection, where we made it clearer and emphasized that every item should
be answered in every questionnaire.
The participants in the control group were vocally healthy participants matched to
the participants in the voice patient group with respect to gender, age and occupation.
The occupations were divided into seven groups. The groups were teaching
professionals, health care professionals, childcare professionals, priests or lecturers,
pensioners, office workers and others. To be included in the study, the participant
had to be 18 years or older, should not have received any intervention for their voice
disorder during the past two years, not been diagnosed with a voice disorder less than
two years ago, or suffering from laryngeal cancer. The grouping criteria were taken
directly from a study made by Sukanen et al. (2007) where they conducted a Finnish
version of the VAPP questionnaire.
Because the participants were recruited from TYKS, all participants were from
Southwest Finland. The patients to TYKS come from Turku, Raisio, Loimaa, Sauvo
and the Uusikaupunki region. They all spoke Finnish and the questionnaires were in
Finnish. Most of the participants in the control group were also from the south west
of Finland, though a few were from other parts of Finland. The participants in the
control group were recruited through convenience sample.

Jemima Rantanen

13

The collection of the participants started in a master’s thesis study conducted by
Zenger (2019), in which the validation process of Screen11 started. The total number
of participants in this study was 129, with 65 in the voice patient group and 64 in the
control group. All items in all questionnaires had to be answered. In case the
participant had left some question unanswered, he or she was excluded from the
study. Additionally, the matched control group participant was also excluded. In
total, 33 participants were excluded and the total number of participants was 96, with
48 participants in each group. A majority or 74% of the participants were females,
whereas 26% were males. See Table 2 for gender distribution. The mean age in both
the voice patient and the control group were around 50 years. See Table 3 for the
participant distribution.
Table 3
Participant Distribution in the Voice Patient and the Control Group
Group
Voice patients
Controls

Total

Gender (n)
Female
35
36
71
Male
13
12
25
Age in years
Mean (SD)
49.25 (14.97)
49.58 (15.36)
Range
20–78
20–79
Occupation (n)
Teaching professionals
9
10
19
Health care professionals
3
2
5
Child care professionals
5
5
10
Pensioners
10
10
20
Office workers
4
3
7
Others
17
18
35
Total (n)
48
48
96
Note. The difference in number of participants among voice patients and controls
represented in each category differ because of exclusions and matching
difficulties.
The occupation groups were represented as following: 19 teaching professionals, 5
health care professionals, 10 child care professionals, 20 pensioners, 7 office
workers, and 35 others (see Table 3). There were no priests or lecturers among the
participants and, hence, the group priest and lecturers was excluded. The group

Jemima Rantanen

14

others consisted most of business people, sellers and students. There was a
difference in the number of participants in the same occupation group between the
voice patient and the control group, due to exclusions and difficulties with the
matching procedure.
One participant belonging to the control group had exceptionally high points in each
questionnaire compared to the other participants, which made the participant an
outlier. Therefore, the participant was excluded from the study. Due to extra control
group participants matched to those with missing data, there was one extra
participant who fulfilled the other criteria and was taken instead of the outlier.

2.3 Statistical analyses
The statistical analyses were performed with the Statistical Package for the Social
Sciences (Version 24.0; SPSS. Inc., Chicago, Illinois). To ensure that both groups
were similar with respect to age, gender and occupation, independent samples t-test
was conducted for the continuous variable age, and x2-tests for the categorical
variables gender and occupation. The internal consistency of Screen11 was examined
by an inspection of the item-level descriptives, item-total correlations (ITCs), and the
Cronbach α value. Pearson’s correlation coefficient was used to analyze the
convergent validity between all three questionnaires and the test-retest reliability of
Screen11. As one of the aims of this study was to explore how the items in Screen11
are interrelated on a latent level, we performed an exploratory factor analysis (EFA)
to examine the underlying factor structure of the 11 items. For interpretation of the
factor structure, an oblique rotation (i.e. Direct Oblimin) was used, since, in case the
results would suggest two or more separable factors in Screen11, we assumed that
these factors would be highly correlated (Field, 2013).

3 Results
3.1 Descriptive statistics
The present sample comprised of 71 females (voice patient group n = 35, control
group n = 36) and 25 men (voice patient group n = 13, control group n = 12) (see
Table 3). The voice patient group and the control group did not differ significantly

Jemima Rantanen

15

with respect to gender, tested with a Pearson’s Chi-Square test (χ2 = 0.054, df = 1, p
= .816).
The age distribution among the participants ranged between 20–79 years. The mean
age in the voice patient group was 49.25 (SD = 14.97) and in the control group 49.58
(SD = 15.36) (see Table 3). An independent samples t-test verified that the groups
did not differ significantly in terms of age (t(94) = –.108, p = 0.914).
There was no statistically significant difference between the voice patients and
controls with respect to occupation, χ2 = 0.424, df = 5, p = .995. The most
represented occupation groups were others (n = 35), pensioners (n = 20), and
teaching professionals (n = 19) (see Table 3).
The mean score among voice patients in Screen11 was 20.15 (SD = 5.70), in VHI
43.44 (SD = 17.84) and in VAPP 107.50 (SD = 59.83). Among controls the mean
score was 6.33 (SD = 4.12) in Screen11, 8.92 (SD = 8.22) in VHI and 10.02 (SD =
11.45) in VAPP. There was a statistically significant difference between the two
groups in Screen11 (t(94) = 13.607, p = < .001), VHI (t(94) = 12.173, p < .001) and
VAPP (t(96) = 11.086, p < .001).

3.2 Internal consistency
There was a moderate to strong correlation between all eleven items (Item Total
Correlations, r = .06–.80) (Field, 2013), see Table 4. The skew and kurtosis levels
were sufficient, which suggests that the item responses were normally distributed.
The internal consistency presented a value of Cronbach’s alpha α = .94, which
indicates that Screen11 possessed an excellent internal consistency. The questions
number 8 (A need to cough while talking) and 11 (A sensation of pain in the larynx
region), showed the lowest correlations to the other questions. None of the eleven
items would have increased the overall alpha value if deleted, which indicates that all
items are valuable (Field, 2013).

Jemima Rantanen

16

Table 4
Item-Total Statistics in Screen11

Item 1
Item 2
Item 3
Item 4
Item 5
Item 6
Item 7
Item 8
Item 9
Item 10
Item 11

Scale Mean if Item
Deleted
11.70
11.83
11.66
12.00
12.26
12.20
11.78
12.06
12.23
12.35
12.53

Corrected ItemTotal Correlation
.805
.794
.824
.786
.779
.774
.718
.591
.750
.717
.623

Cronbach's Alpha if
Item Deleted
.93
.93
.93
.93
.93
.93
.94
.94
.94
.94
.94

Note. Item 1: The voice becomes strained. Item 2: The voice becomes tired. Item 3:
The voice becomes hoarse. Item 4: The voice becomes low while talking. Item 5:
The voice breaks while talking. Item 6: Difficulties in being heard. Item 7: A need to
clear the throat while talking. Item 8: A need to cough while talking. Item 9: A
sensation of tension in the larynx region. Item 10: A sensation of lump in the throat.
Item 11: A sensation of pain in the larynx region.

3.3 Convergent validity
For examining the convergent validity of Screen11, we inspected how strongly the
total scores in Screen11 correlated with the total scores in VHI and VAPP (see Table
5). We also examined the correlation between Screen11 and the physical sub-section
of VHI (e.g. “I feel as though I have to strain to produce voice.” or “I use a great deal
of effort to speak.” (Jacobson et al., 1997)), assuming that this relationship would be
even stronger with respect to the item similarities between these questionnaires. The
correlation between Screen11 and VHI was strong, Pearson’s r(96) = .81, p < .001,
while it was moderate between Screen11 and VAPP, Pearson’s r(96) = .67, p < .001.
The correlation between the total scores for Screen11 and the physical symptoms of
VHI (VHI-P) was significant and strong, r(96) = .89, p < .001.

Jemima Rantanen

17

Table 5
Summary of Intercorrelations, Means and Standard Deviations for Scores in
Screen11, VAPP, VHI and VHI-P (N = 96)
Measure
1.
2.
3.
4.
**
**
1.Screen11 total
.67
.81
.89**
**
2.VAPP total
.89
.79**
3.VHI total
.93**
4.VHI physical
symptoms
Note. ** indicates that the correlation is significant, p < .001.

M
13.24
58.76
26.18
11.89

SD
8.53
65.09
22.18
9.01

3.4 Test-retest reliability
To examine whether the responses in Screen11 were consistent across time, we
performed a test-retest reliability analysis (see Table 6). Of the participants in this
study, 31 had received the second Screen11 and answered all items. The strength of
the test-retest correlation was close to moderate and statistically significant r(31) =
.491, p = .005. However, after inspecting the participants’ individual scores, we
noticed that one participant had a sum score of 32 in Screen11 at the first assessment
point, but only a sum score of 6 at the second point. Therefore, this participant was
excluded. The correlation between the remaining participants was close to strong,
r(30) = .768, p < .001, indicating an adequate level of test-retest reliability (Strauss,
Sherman & Spreen, 2006).
Table 6
Summary of Test-Retest Correlations, Means and Standard Deviations for
Scores in Screen11 and Retest of Screen11 (N = 30)
Measure
1.
2.
M
SD
**
1.Test total score
.77
21.07
5.19
2.Retest total score
19.83
5.17
Note. ** indicates that the correlation is significant, p < .001.
For one participant, the sum score in Screen11 decreased drastically from
assessment point 1 to assessment point 2 and, thus, was excluded from the
analysis.

Jemima Rantanen

18

3.5 Exploratory factor analysis
An exploratory factor analysis (EFA) including the eleven items in Screen11 was
computed to see if all items are loaded on the same factor. The Kaiser-Mayer-Olkin
measure of sampling adequacy was .880, demonstrating that the sample size was
appropriate (Field, 2013). Bartlett’s test of sphericity was statistically significant
(χ2(55, N = 96) = 863.137, p < 0.001). Furthermore, the diagonal values of the antiimage correlation matrix were all above 0.8, suggesting that the data was adequate
for EFA (Field, 2013). The results from the EFA yielded an extraction of two factors
with eigenvalues greater than one. The pattern matrix obtained can be seen in Table
7 (note that only factor loadings above .4 is shown).
Table 7
Pattern Matrix of the Screen11 Items
Items

Factor
1
.97
.79
.84
.74
.94
.77
.60
.43

1. The voice becomes strained
2. The voice becomes tired
3. The voice becomes hoarse
4. The voice becomes low while talking
5. The voice breaks while talking
6. Difficulties in being heard
7. A need to clear the throat while talking
8. A need to cough while talking
9. A sensation of tension in the larynx region
10. A sensation of lump in the throat
11. A sensation of pain in the larynx region
Percentage of variance
62.85
Eigenvalue
6.91
Cronbach's alpha
0.93
Note. Oblique rotation (direct oblimin) was used in the factor rotation.

2

.86
.83
.76
9.16
1.01
0.88

A closer inspection of the factors showed that the eigenvalue of the first factor was
6.91, accounting for 62.85% of the variance in the data. The eigenvalue in the second
factor was 1.007, explaining an additional 9.16% of the variance in the data. The first
factor in the pattern matrix comprised of eight items which showed excellent internal
consistency (α = 0.93). This factor captured voice symptoms and, thus, was labeled
Phonatory symptoms. The second factor comprised of 3 items that captured different

Jemima Rantanen

19

types of sensations in the larynx. This factor also showed good internal consistency
(α = 0.88) and was labelled Laryngopharyngeal symptoms.

4 Discussion
The aim of this study was to conduct a validation of a fast and easy screening
method, formulated as Screen11. Screen11 has been adapted from Screen6 (Ohlsson
et al., 2012), with the main difference between the two questionnaires being the
careful separation of all symptoms into separate items in Screen11. As the
psychometric properties of this questionnaire were unexplored, we examined the
internal consistency, convergent validity and test-retest reliability of Screen11.
Moreover, it was unclear how the eleven items in Screen11 were interrelated, which
prompted us to examine whether the items in the questionnaire loaded sufficiently on
the same underlying factor using an exploratory factor analysis.
The participants in the test group were patients from the phoniatric outpatient clinic
at TYKS seeking help for their voice problems. The participants in the control group
had a healthy voice and were matched controls with respect to gender, age and
occupation. This study included 96 participants in total, with 48 in both groups.
The prevalence of weekly or more often experienced vocal symptoms in the general
population in Finland has been reported to be between 7.5-25.5% (Holmqvist et al.,
2013). Among the general population 16.9% have reported a voice disorder in
Sweden, where the highest prevalence was among 65 years and older (LybergÅhlander et al., 2018) and 6.2-7.8% in the United States (Bhattacharyya, 2014; Roy,
Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004). Voice symptoms are more common among
women than men (Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004; Roy et al., 2005),
which can also be noticed in the overrepresentation of women in this study.
Pensioners were overly represented in this study. They were the most represented
group after the group others and comprised 21% (n = 20) of the participants.
Common causes for their voice problems were presbyphonia or vocal paresis. The
prevalence of voice disorders seems to increase with age and have been reported to
be more common among elderly people (de Araújo Pernambuco et al., 2015; Golub

Jemima Rantanen

20

et al., 2006; Lyberg-Åhlander et al., 2018; Roy et al., 2007). Due to physiological,
pathological, medical or functional changes, hoarseness is common among elderly
people (Lundy, Silva, Casiano, Lu & Xue, 1998; Lyberg-Åhlander et al., 2018).
Another overly represented group in this study was teaching professionals. It was the
third most represented group and comprised 20% (n = 19) of the participants.
Teachers’ voices have been extensively investigated in previous studies, showing
that teachers are at high risk of developing a voice disorder (e.g. Jardim et al., 2007;
Simberg et al., 2005; Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004). Teachers have to
speak loudly due to background noise and poor acoustic conditions, which is
suggested to be one reason to the overrepresented prevalence of voice disorders in
this occupational group (Pekkarinen et al., 1992).
Screening for voice disorders is a way to detect possible voice problems at an early
stage (Awan et al., 2016). Problems with the voice can have a severe impact on the
social life, psychological well-being, the ability to work and the overall quality of
life (Ziwei et al., 2014; Roy et al., 2005). Voice problems might lead to avoidance of
social situations or limitations in interactions (Smith et al., 1996). Therefore, it is
vital to detect possible voice symptoms at an early stage, before a voice disorder
occurs (Awan et al., 2016; Simberg et al., 2001). Screening for voice disorders would
be advisable especially for people in a voice-demanding occupation, since voice
problems are common among this population (Hagelberg & Simberg, 2015; Sala et
al., 2001; Simberg et al., 2005). Screening would be beneficial for this group even
before starting to work, since it has been shown that vocal symptoms occur already
during the education (Simberg et al., 2001). Thus, in case of a successful validation
of Screen11, it would provide a fast and easy screening method for an early detection
of possible voice problems.

4.1 The validity of Screen11
The external reliability of Screen11 was examined with a test-retest correlation
analysis. The test-retest correlation coefficient was close to strong (Field, 2013) in
this study after excluding an outlier with highly deviating Screen11 scores between
the first and the second assessment point. However, it should be pointed out that the

Jemima Rantanen

21

sample size in the test-retest correlation analysis was small (n = 30). Interestingly,
the mean score of the reported voice symptoms at the second assessment point (M =
19.83) was lower as compared to the mean score at the first assessment point (M =
21.07). It should also be noted that the time between the first and the second
assessment point varied from one day to almost two months across participants, with
an average of 21.11 days (SD = 16.02). Since the severity of voice symptoms may
fluctuate across time, it is possible that the high inter-individual time differences
between the two assessment points may have affected the test-retest reliability in the
present study.
The analysis indicates an excellent internal consistency in Screen11, revealing that
all items correlate well with each other. Questions 1–7 and 9–10 correlate strongly,
whereas items 8 and 11 correlate moderately. The results of the internal consistency
analysis demonstrate that all items are essential for the total results and further
suggests that no item should be removed (Field, 2013). Moreover, the item-total
correlations were not overly high, which indicates that the items do not measure too
similar aspects of voice symptoms.
As regards the convergent validity, Screen11 correlates strongly with VHI,
particularly with the physical domain of VHI. The correlation with VAPP is
moderate. Since VHI and VAPP are validated questionnaires for voice disorders, the
sufficient convergent validity with these questionnaires indicate that also Screen11
can be used as a questionnaire to capture voice problems. The particularly high
correlation with VHI-P indicates that Screen11 focuses mostly on the physical
aspects of voice symptoms. VHI and VAPP were used as comparisons in this study
because they are both questionnaires validated in Finnish.
Based on the exploratory factor analysis it would be beneficial to split the
questionnaire into two categories: a factor of voice symptoms, explaining 62.85% of
the variance, and a factor of throat symptoms, that explains 9.16 % of the variance.
Factor 1 includes items 1–8 and focuses on vocal symptoms and, therefore, could be
called phonatory symptoms. Factor 2 includes items 9–11 and focuses on laryngeal
sensations and, therefore, could be called laryngopharyngeal symptoms. The names
to the two factors are the same as Roy et al. used in their study (Roy, Merrill,

Jemima Rantanen

22

Thibeault, Gray et al., 2004). In future research it would be important to examine
whether especially the laryngopharyngeal symptoms could serve as important
indicators for whether a help-seeking voice patient is diagnosed with a voice disorder
or not. It has, for instance, been shown that frequent throat clearing, coughing and
sore throat are common symptoms of reflux (Koufman, Sataloff & Toohill, 1996),
whereas a strained voice, hoarseness, pain or tension in the throat and a tired voice
are symptoms of muscle tension disorder (Altman, Atkinson & Lazarus, 2005).
Future studies could also examine the correlation between the laryngopharyngeal
symptoms of Screen11 and the throat-related symptoms reported in VHI-T (LybergÅhlander et al., 2010).
Screen11 focuses on the physical aspects of voice and throat symptoms. It is open to
discussion if the questionnaire also should focus on work-related, emotional or social
aspects. However, Screen11 is supposed to be a fast and short screening method and,
therefore, the physical symptoms might be sufficient. Additionally, the symptoms
used in Screen11 have been used in studies for decades and have been the eleven
most frequently reported vocal symptoms (e.g. Simberg et al., 2000, Ohlsson et al.,
2012), which suggests that Screen11 captures the most essential aspects of vocal
symptoms. The physical symptoms contribute to an objective understanding of the
voice problems. To gain a better insight into how the voice symptoms affect daily
living and the quality of life, other questionnaires might be more accurate, or can be
used as complementary questionnaires.

4.2 Limitations of the study and future research
Some shortcomings in this study should be pointed out. The data collection process
was affected by missing data, which decreased the total sample size. Especially
pensioners and students tended to leave those questions unanswered that referred to
work-related life. Others might have accidentally missed some items, or found them
not to be compatible for their life situation. After realizing this, we made some
changes in the instruction letter to emphasize that every item should be answered. In
future studies, this should be taken into account and the instructions should be made
even clearer regarding answering all items.

Jemima Rantanen

23

The expectations on voice quality or the use of voice varies between occupations.
Therefore, the participants in the voice patient group and the controls had to be
matched not only according to gender and age, but also occupation. While collecting
the data for this study, we did not succeed in finding controls that exactly matched
the voice patients with respect to the aforementioned variables. There were some
extra controls, as they were matched with those with missing data. Those extra
controls were used instead of those matched controls who were difficult to find.
Consequently, the participant distribution in this study is uneven. However, as the
participant distribution regarding gender, age and occupation in the voice patient
group and the control group did not differ significantly, we are relatively confident
that these small differences can be ruled out for having any greater impact on the
prevalence of voice problems between the groups.
One factor affecting the participants’ participation in this study might have been that
the questionnaires were administered in a pencil and paper format send by mail. To
better streamline the process in future, it may be better to use electronic versions of
the questionnaires and send a link to the questionnaires to the patient’s e-mail. This
could motivate people to participate, since many people might find it faster and
easier to answer an electronic questionnaire that mailing a letter. However, not
everyone are used to using the Internet, which may cause people to refrain from
participating. This could leave out especially the older generations, since elderly are
most likely the people who might find electronic versions more inconvenient than
pencil and paper format. Other possibilities could be to give the questionnaires
directly to the patients at their first visit to the phoniatric department before their
doctor’s appointment, as was done in the study by Lyberg-Åhlander et al. (2010).
This would, however, mean that the patient would have to arrive at the hospital early
enough to have time to answer the questionnaires.
The wide variation of the time between the first and the second assessment point of
Screen11 might have decreased the test-retest reliability. Clearer instructions on
sending back the answered questionnaires in for example two weeks time could have
reduced the time variation. A better controlled time between the first and the second
assessment point might have increased the credibility of the results. Future studies
could take into consideration a more controlled time, for example by following the

Jemima Rantanen

24

example of Lyberg-Åhlander et.al (2010). In their study, the voice patient group
received the first questionnaire at the phoniatric department to be completed before
their first appointment. A week later the second questionnaire was sent to the
participants to be answered and returned in another week. The control group received
their second questionnaire at the same time as they were answering the first test to be
sent back in two weeks (Lyberg-Åhlander et al., 2010).
The question in Screen11 is formulated so that the participants are asked to report
how they have experienced the given symptoms during the last 12 months. However,
it is important to point out that voice symptoms may vary significantly during 12
months. An example of this shortcoming comes from one participant in the present
study, stating that the symptoms reported were the symptoms she/he experienced in
the last few weeks and that they were almost non-existent before that. In the study
made by Simberg et al. (2000), where similar symptoms than those in Screen11 were
used, the answers were divided into prevalence of the symptoms during the previous
month, the previous year, and the previous two years. In the study the prevalence of
vocal symptoms was highest during the previous month (Simberg et al., 2000).
Future studies could consider using the same distribution with Screen11.
Another limitation concerns the study sample. The controls were mostly collected
through convenience sample, since the criteria were so specific. Convenience sample
is usually not recommended for research purposes, since it might affect the whole
sample and contribute to biased answers (Kjellberg & Sörqvist, 2011). Convenience
sample might result in overrepresentation of some aspects in the populations while
underrepresentation in other aspects. Nevertheless, the convenience sample was the
most time effective and most practical way to collect the control participants in this
study.
In this study, the controls had healthy voices. However, there is no definition of
“healthy voice”. The controls did not have a professional analyzing their voices
before participating in the study. Healthy voice was defined in this study as a
“normal voice” with “no need for voice therapy”, as Sukanen et al. (2007) defined in
their study. Additionally, the controls did not have a diagnosed voice disorder and
were, in contrast to the voice patients, not seeking help for their voice problems.

Jemima Rantanen

25

There was also a significant difference in the mean scores in VHI and VAPP
between the controls and the voice patients, which could work as an indication that
the controls did have a healthy voice.

4.3 Summary and conclusions
Screening for voice problems at an early stage is preferable to accomplish prevention
or an early intervention (Awan et al., 2016; Ghirardi et al., 2013; Simberg et al.,
2001). Assessment of voice screening with questionnaires is not supposed to be used
as a voice disorder diagnostic method, or when a person already has sought help for
his or her voice (Awan et al., 2016). Rather, is a way to detect voice problems before
a voice disorder occurs (Awan et al., 2016; Simberg et al., 2001). Especially for
people in risk for developing voice disorders, a regular screening would be advisable,
such as teachers and other professions with high vocal load, or elderly people. In
case the results of Screen11 suggest a voice disorder, the evaluation should be
supplemented with additional questionnaires, for example VHI.
This study validated a fast and easy screening method for voice disorders, coined as
Screen11. According to the results Screen11 has an excellent internal consistency,
meaning that all items provide valuable information. Moreover, Screen11 shows
adequate convergent validity as it correlates sufficiently with previously validated
voice questionnaires. This also indicates that Screen11 can be used as a questionnaire
for voice screening. Furthermore, the analysis shows an adequate level of test-retest
reliability, suggesting that Screen11 is reliable across time. Employing an
exploratory factor analysis, the results also show that the items in Screen11 could be
divided into two categories called phonatory symptoms and laryngopharyngeal
symptoms. The present study contributes to the existing literature and extends it by
providing a careful examination of the psychometric properties of the widely used
Screen-paradigm in voice-related research (Pekkarinen et al., 1992; Simberg et al.
2001). Thus, Screen11 can be used as a short and easy screening method for health
care professionals to find possible voice problems already before onset of a voice
disorder. The next step is to examine the most optimal threshold in Screen11 for
discriminating between those having visible changes on the vocal folds compared to
those with no visible changes on the vocal folds.

Jemima Rantanen

1

Swedish summary - Svensk sammanfattning

Validering av en screeningmetod för röststörningar
1. Inledning
Rösten är ett viktigt redskap för verbal kommunikation, såsom att utrycka sina
tankar, känslor och idéer (Merrill, Roy & Lowe, 2013). Det har blivit viktigare att ha
en fungerande röst, då kommunikationsbetonade yrken har ökat (Hanschmann,
Lohmann & Bergen, 2011; Ruben, 2000). Förändringar i röstkvaliteten kan ha
negativa effekter på en individs psykiska välmående, sociala liv och
arbetsmöjligheter och följaktligen ha långtgående konsekvenser på en persons
livskvalitet (Smith m.fl., 1996; Ziwei, Zheng & Pin, 2014).
Definitionen på röststörning varierar men typiskt förekommande exempel på en
röststörning är då rösten inte klarar av de dagliga krav som den utsätts för och att
rösten är avvikande i relation till ålder och kön, vilket i sin tur påverkar
kommunikationen (Aronson & Bless, 2009; Definitions of Communication Disorders
and Variations, 1993; Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Gray & Smith, 2004; Verdolini &
Ramig, 2001). Röstkvaliteten, såsom volymen och tonarten, kan förändras till följd
av en röststörning (Ramig & Verdolini, 1998). Till skillnad från röststörning,
används också termen röstsymtom, vilket syftar på de karaktäristiska drag som rösten
förklaras med (Colton, Casper & Leonard, 2011). Dessa karaktäristiska drag kan
exempelvis vara en hes röst, en kliande känsla i halsen eller smärta i halsen eller
strupen. Röststörningar och röstsymtom är subjektiva upplevelser och således
upplever varje individ att röstproblem belastar livet i olika grad (Awan, Roy, Zhang
& Cohen, 2016).
Enligt en studie av Homlqvist, Santtila, Lindström, Sala och Simberg (2013)
förekommer röststymtom hos 7,5–25,5 % av befolkningen i Finland. Förekomsten av
röststörningar har rapporterats vara 16,9 % bland den allmänna befolkningen i
Sverige (Lyberg-Åhlander, Rydell, Fredlund, Magnusson, & Wilén, 2018) och 6,2–
7,8 % i USA (Bhattacharyya, 2014; Roy, Merrill, Thibeault, Parsa et al., 2004).
Förekomsten av röststörningar ökar bland äldre människor (de Araújo Pernambuco,
Espelt, Balata & de Lima, 2015; Golub, Chen, Otto, Hapner & Johns, 2006), på
grund av fysiologiska, medicinska, patologiska och funktionella förändringar

Jemima Rantanen

2

(Lundy, Carlos Silva, Casiano, Lu & Xue, 1998). Kvinnor drabbas av röststörningar
oftare än män, vilket har förklarats med anatomiska skillnader. Kvinnors
grundtonsfrekvens är högre än mäns på grund av kortare och tunnare stämband,
vilket utsätter stämbanden för mera mekanisk belastning (Roy, Merrill, Thibeault,
Parsa m.fl., 2004; Roy, Merrill, Gray & Smith, 2005). Resultatet från ett flertal
studier visar att röststörningar är vanliga speciellt bland människor som arbetar inom
röstkrävande yrken, såsom lärare (ex. Simberg, Sala, Vehmas & Laine, 2005),
präster (ex. Hagelberg & Simberg, 2015), barnträdgårdslärare (ex. Sala, Laine,
Simberg, Pentti & Suonpää, 2001) och skådespelare (ex. Wingate, Brown,
Shrivastav, Davenport & Sapienza, 2007). Problem med rösten i röstkrävande yrken
kan därför ha en direkt inverkan på arbetsförmågan och därmed även ekonomin
(Ruben, 2000; Smith m.fl., 1996).
Eftersom röststörningar har en så stor inverkan på hela livskvaliteten, är det viktigt
att hitta röstproblem i ett så tidigt skede som möjligt (Awan, Roy, Zhang & Cohen,
2016; Simberg, Sala, Laine & Rönnemaa, 2001). Screening av röststörningar är ett
sätt att upptäcka eventuella problem i ett tidigt skede och görs ofta med friska
personer eller personer med risk för att utveckla en röststörning, i motsats till när
röststörningar fastställs (Awan, Roy, Zhang & Cohen, 2016). Följaktligen är det
rekommenderat att utföra screeningar regelbundet, främst i de miljöer där risken för
röststörningar är hög, så att den bästa och effektivaste interventionen kan påbörjas
tidigt (Awan, Roy, Zhang & Cohen, 2016; Ghirardi, Ferreira, Giannini & de
Oliveira, 2013; Simberg, Sala, Laine & Rönnemaa, 2001). Screening borde därför
vara lätt, förmånligt och snabbt att utföra (Awan, Roy, Zhang & Cohen, 2016).
De röstsymtom som undersöks med Screen11 har använts i flera studier, främst i
studier om röststörningar hos lärare. Symtomen presenterades först i en studie av
Pekkarinen, Himberg och Pentti (1992), varefter de användes i en studie av Simberg,
Laine, Sala och Rönnemaa (2000). Ett år senare presenterade samma författare
symtomen i en screeningmetod med åtta symtom, vilken var avsedd att användas av
hälsovårdspersonal för att upptäcka eventuella personer med behov av
röstintervention (Simberg, Sala, Laine & Rönnemaa, 2001). Därefter har flera studier
använt dessa samma symtom, främst i studier med lärare och lärarstuderande (ex.

Jemima Rantanen

3

Jardim, Barreto & Assunção, 2007; Sala, Laine, Simberg, Pentti & Suonpää, 2001;
Simberg, 2004; Simberg, Sala, Vehmas & Laine, 2005).
Senare utvecklade Ohlsson, Andersson, Södersten, Simberg och Barregård (2012) en
screeningmetod, som var baserad på de symtom som använts i Simberg m.fl. (2001).
Eftersom två av de åtta symtomen i Simberg m.fl (2001) inte rapporterades av någon
deltagare i studien, slopades de i studien av Ohlsson m.fl. (2012). Screeningmetoden
fick därefter namnet Screen6 utifrån de sex symtom den innefattade. Screen6, eller
olika versioner av screeningmetoden, har därefter använts i flera studier och även i
kliniskt bruk (Fellman & Simberg, 2017; Hagelberg & Simberg, 2014; Ohlsson m.fl.,
2016; Sala, Laine, Simberg, Pentti & Suonpää, 2001; Simberg, Sala, Vehmas &
Laine, 2005; Simberg m.fl., 2009)Screen11, som den här avhandlingen avser
validera, bygger långt på röstsymtomen i Screen6 av Ohlsson m.fl. (2012) och
motsvarar den metoden med den skillnaden att samtliga påståenden är uppdelade i
elva enskilda symtom. Metoden mäter förekomsten av symtomen under de senaste
12 månaderna. Påståendena är följande (fri översättning från finska): 1. rösten blir
ansträngd, 2. rösten blir trött, 3. rösten blir hes, 4. rösten sjunker medan man talar,
5. rösten sviker medan man talar, 6. svårigheter att få rösten hörd, 7. behov av att
harkla sig medan man talar, 8. behov av att hosta medan man talar, 9. känsla av
spändhet vid struphuvudområdet, 10. känsla av att ha en klump i halsen och 11.
smärta vid struphuvudområdet.
1.2 Syfte
Det finns ett antal brister i de nuvarande versionerna av Screen6. För det första har
Screen6 vissa dubbla påståenden (ex. ”Känsla av spändhet eller smärta kring
struphuvudet, eller känsla av att ha en ’klump’ i halsen” (Simberg m.fl, 2001)), vilket
kan förvirra deltagarna och leda till felrapportering eller att de undviker att svara.
Därför utförde vi en uppdelning av dem så att varje påstående utgjorde endast ett
röstsymtom (därav orsaken till det ökade antalet frågor i Screen11 jämfört med
Screen6). För det andra har Screen6 aldrig genomgått en noggrann analys av de
psykometriska egenskaperna. Syftet med den här studien var således att uföra en
noggrann analys av screeningmetoden och etablera de psykometriska egenskaperna
för Screen11. I valideringsprocessen ingick analyser av den interna konsistensen av
samtliga påståenden i Screen11, korrelationen mellan Screen11 och andra

Jemima Rantanen

4

röstfrågeformulär, d.v.s. konvergent validitet, samt hur svaren i Screen11 håller sig
över tid, d.v.s. retest-reliabiliteten. Med hjälp av exploratorisk faktoranalys
undersöktes dessutom huruvida de elva påståendena laddar på samma underliggande
faktor som mäter röststörning. Hypotesen var att alla påståenden laddar på samma
faktor.

2. Metod
Studien har gjorts i samarbete med Åbo Universitets Centralsjukhus (ÅUCS).
Studien har blivit godkänd av forskningsetiska nämnden vid Åbo Akademi, varefter
den bearbetades och godkändes vid Åbo Clinical Research Center.
Frågeformulären som använts i denna studie var Screen11, finska versionen av Voice
Handicap Index (VHI) (Alaluusua & Johansson, 2003) och finska versionen av Voice
Activity and Participation Profile (VAPP) (Sukanen m.fl., 2007). VHI består av 30
påståenden, vilka är indelade i tre underkategorier med 10 påståenden var: fysiska,
emotionella och funktionella aspekter av rösten. VAPP betonar upplevelser av
röstproblem och begränsningar i aktiviteter och deltagande (Ma & Yiu, 2001).
Frågeformuläret VAPP är uppdelat i fyra underkategorier: röststörningens inverkan
på arbete, daglig kommunikation, social kommunikation och emotioner.
Deltagarna bestod av röstpatienter och kontrollpersoner. Deltagarna i
röstpatientgruppen var patienter från ÅUCS foniatriska poliklinik, som sökt hjälp för
sina röstproblem. Deltagarna i kontrollgruppen bestod av röstfriska personer som
matchades med deltagarna i röstpatientgruppen enligt kön, ålder och yrke.
Deltagarna var delade i sex olika yrkesgrupper, enligt studien av Sukanen m.fl.
(2007). Yrkesgrupperna var läraryrken, hälsovård, barnvård, pensionärer,
kontorsarbetande och övriga. Gruppen övriga bestod främst av studeranden och
affärsmän.

3. Resultat
Samplet bestod av 96 personer, med 48 personer i respektive grupp. Grupperna
skiljde sig inte statistiskt signifikant i variablerna könsfördelning (χ2 = 0,05, df = 1, p
= 0,82), åldersfördelning (t(94) = –0,11, p = 0,91) och yrkesgruppfördelning (χ2 =
0,42, df = 5, p = 0,995). Samplet bestod av 71 kvinnor och 21 män. De mest
representerade grupperna var övriga (n = 35), pensionärer (n = 20) och läraryrken (n

Jemima Rantanen

5

= 19). Åldersfördelningen varierade från 20 till 79 år, med medelåldern 49,25 i
testgruppen och 49,58 i kontrollgruppen.
Den interna konsistensen mättes med Cronbachs alfa och visade sig vara mycket bra
(α = 0,94). Korrelationen mellan påståendena var moderat till stark. Korrelationen
mellan samtliga frågeformulär (Screen11, VHI, VAPP) och underkategorin av VHI
med de fysiska symtomen (VHI-P), undersöktes med hjälp av Pearson’s r.
Korrelationen mellan Screen11 och VHI var stark (r(96) = 0,67, p < 0,001), liksom
korrelationen mellan Screen11 och VHI-P (r(96) = 0,81, p < 0,001). Korrelationen
mellan Screen11 och VAPP var moderat (r(96) = 0,89, p < 0,001).
För att undersöka ifall responsen i Screen11 var stabila över tid, gjordes en retestundersökning, där röstpatienterna efter en tid fyllde i frågeformuläret en gång till. Av
studiens sampel hade 31 deltagare fått Screen11 under två tillfällen och svarat på
samtliga påståenden. Resultatet tydde på en svag, men statistiskt signifikant
korrelation (r(31) = 0,491, p = 0,005). Det visade sig att en av deltagarna hade
värden som avvek mycket från de övriga med 32 poäng vid första tillfället och endast
6 poäng vid andra tillfället. Således togs detta ytterlighetsvärde bort från analysen.
Korrelationen mellan resultaten under första och andra undersökningstillfället var
med de resulterande deltagarna moderat och statistiskt signifikant (r(30) = 0,768, p <
0,001).
En exploratorisk faktoranalys gjordes för att undersöka ifall påståendena laddade på
en och samma faktor. Resultaten tydde på att påståendena laddade på två olika
faktorer: röstsymtom och halssymtom. Faktorn röstsymtom innefattade påståendena
1–8 och utgjorde 62,85 % av variationen, medan faktorn halssymtom innefattade
påståendena 9–11 och utgjorde 9,16 % av variationen.

4. Diskussion och slutsatser
Den starka interna reliabiliteten tyder på att samtliga påståenden i Screen11 bidrar
med viktig information. De höga korrelationerna mellan Screen11 och de sedan
tidigare validerade frågeformulären, VHI och VAPP, tyder på att Screen11 är ett
validt mått på graden av röstproblem. Resultaten från test-retest analysen visade att
svaren i Screen11 var relativt stabila över tid. Samplet som hade fyllt i samtliga

Jemima Rantanen

6

frågor i båda Screen11 frågeformulären, var dock liten (n = 30). Det bör också
påpekas att tiden mellan första och andra frågeformuläret varierade mycket mellan
deltagarna, vilket kan ha påverkat reliabiliteten. Den exploratoriska faktoranalysen
visar att påståendena i Screen11 laddade på två olika faktorer: röstsymtom och
halssymtom.
Röststörningar kan påverka livskvaliteten i stor grad. Därför är det viktigt med lätta
och snabba screeningmetoder för att upptäcka eventuella förändringar i rösten i ett
tidigt skede innan röstproblemen utvecklas till en röststörning. Screen11 är snabb att
utföra och lätt att använda och kunde därför användas som en potentiell
screeningmetod i kliniskt bruk av hälsovårdspersonal, exempelvis före en
talterapeutintervention, eller periodiskt inom röstkrävande yrken. Framtida studier
kunde undersöka tröskelvärdet i Screen11 för att åtskilja personer med synliga
förändringar på stämbanden och de utan synliga förändringar.

References
Alaluusua, S., & Johansson, M. (2003). Äänihäiriöiden aiheuttama psykososiaalinen
haitta ja sen kuntoutuminen. Voice Handicap Index’n suomennoksen
kokeilututkimus [Unpublished master’s thesis]. University of Helsinki.
Altman, K. W., Atkinson, C., & Lazarus, C. (2005). Current and emerging concepts
in muscle tension dysphonia: a 30-month review. Journal of
Voice, 19(2), 261–267.
Aronson, A., & Bless, D. (2009). Introduction to Clinical Voice Disorders in A.,
Aronson, & D., Bless (Ed.) Clinical voice disorders (4th ed., pp.1–9).
New York, NY: Thieme Medical Publisher.
Awan, S. N., Roy, N., Zhang, D., & Cohen, S. M. (2016). Validation of the cepstral
spectral index of dysphonia (CSID) as a screening tool for voice
disorders: development of clinical cutoff scores. Journal of Voice, 30(2),
130–144.
Baker, B. M., Baker, C. D., & Le, H. T. (1982). Vocal quality, articulation and
audiological characteristics of children and young adults with diagnosed
allergies. Annals of Otology, Rhinology & Laryngology, 91(3), 277–280.
Bhattacharyya, N. (2014). The prevalence of voice problems among adults in the
United States. The Laryngoscope, 124(10), 2359–2362.
Colton, R. H., & Casper, J. K., and Leonard, R. (2011). Understanding Voice
Problems: A Physiological Perspective For Diagnosis and Treatment.
Coyle, S. M., Weinrich, B. D., & Stemple, J. C. (2001). Shifts in relative prevalence
of laryngeal pathology in a treatment-seeking population. Journal of
Voice, 15(3), 424–440.
de Araújo Pernambuco, L., Espelt, A., Balata, P. M. M., & de Lima, K. C. (2015).
Prevalence of voice disorders in the elderly: a systematic review of
population-based studies. European Archives of Oto-RhinoLaryngology, 272(10), 2601–2609.
Deary, I. J., Wilson, J. A., Carding, P. N., & MacKenzie, K. (2003). VoiSS: a
patient-derived voice symptom scale. Journal of psychosomatic
research, 54(5), 483–489.
Definitions of Communication Disorders and Variations. (1993, January 1).
Retrieved October 17, 2018, from https://www.asha.org/policy/RP199300208/
Dogan, M., Eryuksel, E., Kocak, I., Celikel, T., & Sehitoglu, M. A. (2007).
Subjective and objective evaluation of voice quality in patients with
asthma. Journal of Voice, 21(2), 224–230.

Fellman, D., & Simberg, S. (2017). Prevalence and risk factors for voice problems
among soccer coaches. Journal of Voice, 31(1), 121.e9–121.e15.
Field, A. (2013). Discovering statistics using IBM SPSS statistics (4th ed.). London:
Sage.
Ghirardi, A. C. D. A. M., Ferreira, L. P., Giannini, S. P. P., & de Oliveira, M. D. R.
D. (2013). Screening Index for Voice Disorder (SIVD): development and
validation. Journal of Voice, 27(2), 195–200.
Golub, J. S., Chen, P. H., Otto, K. J., Hapner, E., & Johns, M. M. (2006). Prevalence
of perceived dysphonia in a geriatric population. Journal of the American
Geriatrics Society, 54(11), 1736–1739.
Greve, K., Bryn, E. K., & Simberg, S. (2018). Voice Disorders and Impact of Voice
Handicap in Norwegian Student Teachers. Journal of Voice.
Hagelberg, A. M., & Simberg, S. (2015). Prevalence of voice problems in priests and
some risk factors contributing to them. Journal of Voice, 29(3), 389.e11–
389.e18.
Hanschmann, H., Lohmann, A., & Berger, R. (2011). Comparison of subjective
assessment of voice disorders and objective voice measurement. Folia
Phoniatrica et Logopaedica, 63(2), 83–87.
Hogikyan, N. D., & Sethuraman, G. (1999). Validation of an instrument to measure
voice-related quality of life (V-RQOL). Journal of voice, 13(4), 557–
569.
Holmqvist, S., Santtila, P., Lindström, E., Sala, E., & Simberg, S. (2013). The
association between possible stress markers and vocal symptoms.
Journal of Voice, 27(6), 787.e1-787.e10.
Jacobson, B. H., Johnson, A., Grywalski, C., Silbergleit, A., Jacobson, G.,
Benninger, M. S., & Newman, C. W. (1997). The voice handicap index
(VHI): development and validation. American Journal of SpeechLanguage Pathology, 6(3), 66–70.
Jardim, R., Barreto, S. M., & Assunção, A. Á. (2007). Voice disorder: case definition
and prevalence in teachers. Revista Brasileira de Epidemiologia, 10(4),
625–636.
Jayakumar, T., & Yasin, H. M. (2019). A Preliminary Exploration of Vocal Usage in
Prospective Professional Voice Users (PPVUs): Students of the Alimah
Course. Journal of Voice. Article 0892-1997.
https://doi.org./10.1016/j.jvoice.2019.11.012.
Kjellberg, A. & Sörqvist, P. (2011). Val av försökspersoner och generaliserings
problemet. In A., Kjellberg & P., Sörqvist (Ed.) Experimentell metodik
för beteendevetare (1st ed., pp. 201–222). Lund, Studentlitteratur AB.

Koufman, J., Sataloff, R., & Toohill, R. (1996). Laryngopharyngeal reflux:
consensus conference report. Journal of voice, 10, 215–216.
Lundy, D. S., Silva, C., Casiano, R. R., Lu, F. L., & Xue, J. W. (1998). Cause of
hoarseness in elderly patients. Otolaryngology—Head and Neck
Surgery, 118(4), 481–485.
Lyberg-Åhlander, V., Rydell, R., Eriksson, J., & Schalén, L. (2010). Throat related
symptoms and voice: development of an instrument for self assessment
of throat-problems. BMC Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders, 10(1), 5.
Lyberg-Åhlander, V., Rydell, R., Fredlund, P., Magnusson, C., & Wilén, S. (2018).
Prevalence of Voice Disorders in the General Population, Based on the
Stockholm Public Health Cohort. Journal of Voice, 33(6), 900–905.
Ma, E. P., & Yiu, E. M. (2001). Voice activity and participation profile: assessing the
impact of voice disorders on daily activities. Journal of speech,
language, and hearing research, 44(3), 511–524.
Maryn, Y., De Bodt, M., & Roy, N. (2010). The Acoustic Voice Quality Index:
toward improved treatment outcomes assessment in voice
disorders. Journal of communication disorders, 43(3), 161–174.
Mendoza, E., & Carballo, G. (1998). Acoustic analysis of induced vocal stress by
means of cognitive workload tasks. Journal of Voice, 12(3), 263–273.
Merrill, R. M., Roy, N., & Lowe, J. (2013). Voice-related symptoms and their effects
on quality of life. Annals of Otology, Rhinology & Laryngology, 122(6),
404–411.
Murry, T., Medrado, R., Hogikyan, N. D., & Aviv, J. E. (2004). The relationship
between ratings of voice quality and quality of life measures. Journal of
voice, 18(2), 183–192.
Ohlsson, A. C., Andersson, E. M., Södersten, M., Simberg, S., & Barregård, L.
(2012). Prevalence of voice symptoms and risk factors in teacher
students. Journal of Voice, 26(5), 629–634.
Ohlsson, A. C., Andersson, E. M., Södersten, M., Simberg, S., Claesson, S., &
Barregård, L. (2016). Voice disorders in teacher students—A prospective
study and a randomized controlled trial. Journal of Voice, 30(6),
755.e13–755.e24.
Pekkarinen, E., Himberg, L., & Pentti, J. (1992). Prevalence of vocal symptoms
among teachers compared with nurses: A questionnaire
study. Scandinavian Journal of Logopedics and Phoniatrics, 17(2), 113–
117.
Ramig, L. O., & Verdolini, K. (1998). Treatment efficacy: voice disorders. Journal
of Speech, Language, and Hearing Research, 41(1), 101–116.

Roy, N., Merrill, R. M., Gray, S. D., & Smith, E. M. (2005). Voice disorders in the
general population: prevalence, risk factors, and occupational
impact. The Laryngoscope, 115(11), 1988–1995.
Roy, N., Merrill, R. M., Thibeault, S., Gray, S. D., & Smith, E. M. (2004). Voice
disorders in teachers and the general population. Journal of Speech,
Language, and Hearing Research, 47(3), 542–551.
Roy, N., Merrill, R. M., Thibeault, S., Parsa, R. A., Gray, S. D., & Smith, E. M.
(2004). Prevalence of voice disorders in teachers and the general
population. Journal of Speech, Language, and Hearing Research, 47(2),
281–293.
Roy, N., Stemple, J., Merrill, R. M., & Thomas, L. (2007). Epidemiology of voice
disorders in the elderly: preliminary findings. The Laryngoscope, 117(4),
628–633.
Ruben, R. J. (2000). Redefining the survival of the fittest: communication disorders
in the 21st century. The Laryngoscope, 110(2), 241–241.
Sala, E., Laine, A., Simberg, S., Pentti, J., & Suonpää, J. (2001). The prevalence of
voice disorders among day care center teachers compared with nurses: a
questionnaire and clinical study. Journal of Voice, 15(3), 413–423.
Schiller, I. (2017). Prevalence of voice disorders among teachers at the beginning of
their career. Retrieved from https://core.ac.uk/display/84067788.
Simberg, S. (2004). Prevalence of vocal symptoms and voice disorders among
teacher students and teachers and a model of early intervention
[Doctoral dissertation, University of Helsinki]. Researchgate.
Simberg, S., Laine, A., Sala, E., & Rönnemaa, A. M. (2000). Prevalence of voice
disorders among future teachers. Journal of voice, 14(2), 231–235.
Simberg, S., Sala, E., Laine, A., & Rönnemaa, A. M. (2001). A fast and easy
screening method for voice disorders among teacher
students. Logopedics Phoniatrics Vocology, 26(1), 10–16.
Simberg, S., Sala, E., Vehmas, K., & Laine, A. (2005). Changes in the prevalence of
vocal symptoms among teachers during a twelve-year period. Journal of
Voice, 19(1), 95–102.
Simberg, S., Santtila, P., Soveri, A., Varjonen, M., Sala, E., & Sandnabba, N. K.
(2009). Exploring genetic and environmental effects in dysphonia: a twin
study. Journal of Speech, Language, and Hearing Research, 52(1), 153–
163.
Smith, E., Verdolini, K., Gray, S., Nichols, S., Lemke, J., Barkmeier, J., ... &
Hoffman, H. (1996). Effect of voice disorders on quality of life. Journal
of Medical Speech-Language Pathology, 4(4), 223–244.

Strauss, E., Sherman, E. M. S., & Spreen, O. (2006). A compendium of
neuropsychological tests: Administration, norms, and commentary.
Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press.
Sukanen, O., Sihvo, M., Rorarius, E., Lehtihalmes, M., Autio, V., & Kleemola, L.
(2007). Voice Activity and Participation Profile (VAPP) in assessing the
effects of voice disorders on patients’ quality of life: Validity and
reliability of the Finnish version of VAPP. Logopedics Phoniatrics
Vocology, 32(1), 3–8.
Verdolini, K., Rosen, C. A., & Branski, R. C. (2006). Classification manual for voice
disorders–I. Mahwah. LEA.
Verdolini, K., & Ramig, L. O. (2001). Occupational risks for voice
problems. Logopedics Phoniatrics Vocology, 26(1), 37–46.
Wingate, J. M., Brown, W. S., Shrivastav, R., Davenport, P., & Sapienza, C. M.
(2007). Treatment outcomes for professional voice users. Journal of
voice, 21(4), 433–449.
Woo, P. (2015). Evaluation and management of the dysphonic patient. In: Fried M.,
Tan M., eds. Clinical Laryngology–The Essentials. New York: Thieme,
15–27.
Wuyts, F. L., Bodt, M. S. D., Molenberghs, G., Remacle, M., Heylen, L., Millet, B.,
... & Heyning, P. H. V. D. (2000). The dysphonia severity index: an
objective measure of vocal quality based on a multiparameter
approach. Journal of Speech, Language, and Hearing Research, 43(3),
796–809.
Zeine, L., & Waltar, K. L. (2002). The voice and its care: survey findings from
actors' perspectives. Journal of Voice, 16(2), 229–243.
Zenger, A. (2019). Validation of a fast and easy screening method for voice
disorders. [Master’s thesis, Åbo Akademi University]. Doria.
Ziwei, Y., Zheng, P., & Pin, D. (2014). Multiparameter voice assessment for voice
disorder patients: a correlation analysis between objective and subjective
parameters. Journal of Voice, 28(6), 770–774.

Jemima Rantanen

1

Appendix A - Screen11 questionnaire

SCREEN-11
Päivämäärä:__________________________________________________________
Syntymäaika:_________________________________________________________
Sukupuoli:___________________________________________________________
Ammatti:____________________________________________________________

Arvioi, kuinka usein Sinulla on viimeisten kahdentoista kuukauden aikana esiintynyt
seuraavia äänioireita, rastittamalla [x] ruutu. Rastita vastauksesi kuhunkin alla
olevaan väittämään huolellisesti. Muistathan vastata jokaiseen väittämään.

Äänioire

Ei
koskaan

Harvoin

Viikoittain Päivittäin

1. Ääni rasittuu
2. Ääni väsyy
3. Ääni käheytyy
4. Ääni madaltuu puhuessa
5. Ääni pettää puhuessa
6. Ääntä on vaikea saada kuuluviin
7. Puhuessa tulee tarve rykiä
8. Puhuessa tulee tarve yskiä
9. Kurkunpään seudulla tuntuu
jännittyneisyyttä
10. Palan tunnetta kurkussa
11. Kurkunpään seudulla tuntuu
kipua

Foniatrisen tutkimuksen tulokset (lääkäri täyttää):
____________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________

Jemima Rantanen

2

Appendix B – Voice Handicap Index questionnaire

Voice Handicap Index - VHI
Päivämäärä:_______________________

On monia sanontoja, jolla ihmiset kuvailevat ääntään ja äänen vaikutusta elämään.
Laita rasti [x] kohtaan, joka kuvaa kuinka usein koet samaa.

Oire

Ei
Ei juuri Joskus Melkein
koskaan koskaan
aina

1

F1

2

P2

3

F3

4

P4

5

F5

6

F6

7

E7

8

F8

9

E9

10

P10

11

F11

12

F12

13

P13

14

P14

Ääneni vuoksi
ihmisten on vaikea
kuulla minua.
Minulta loppuu ilma
kun puhun.
Ihmisten on vaikea
ymmärtää puhettani
meluisassa
huoneessa.
Ääneni vaihtelee
päivän mittaan.
Perheelläni on
vaikeuksia kuulla
minua, kun puhun
heille asunnon
toiselta puolelta.
Käytän puhelinta
harvemmin kuin
haluaisin.
Olen puhuessani
jännittynyt ääneni
vuoksi.
Välttelen
ryhmätilanteita
ääneni vuoksi.
Ääneni tuntuu
ärsyttävän ihmisiä.
Minulta kysellään:
”Mikä ääntäsi
vaivaa?”
Ääneni vuoksi puhun
harvemmin ystävien,
naapureiden tai
sukulaisten kanssa.
Ihmiset pyytävät
minua toistamaan,
kun puhumme
kasvotusten.
Ääneni kuulostaa
käheältä tai
narisevalta.
Minusta tuntuu, että
joudun
ponnistelemaan
tuottaakseni ääntä.

Aina

Jemima Rantanen

3

Appendix B continues

Oire

Ei
koskaan

15

E15

16

F16

17

P17

18

P18

19

F19

20

P20

21

P21

Ääneni on huonompi
iltaisin.

22

F22

Ääniongelmani vuoksi
menetän tuloja.

23

E23

Ääniongelmani
huolestuttaa minua.

24

E24

25

E25

26

P26

En ole kovin
seurallinen
ääniongelmani vuoksi.
Ääneni saa minut
tuntemaan itseni
vajavaiseksi.
Ääneni pettää kesken
puhumisen.

27

E27

28

E28

29

E29

30

E30

Mielestäni muut
ihmiset eivät ymmärrä
ääniongelmaani.
Ääniongelmani
rajoittavat
henkilökohtaista ja
sosiaalista elämääni.
Ääneni selkeyttä on
vaikea ennustaa.
Yritän saada ääneni
kuulostamaan
erilaiselta.
Tunnen jääväni
keskustelujen
ulkopuolelle ääneni
vuoksi.
Puhuminen on minulle
työlästä.

Minua vaivaa, kun
ihmiset pyytävät
toistamaan.
Kiusaannun, kun
ihmiset pyytävät minua
toistamaan.
Ääneni vuoksi tunnen
itseni kyvyttömäksi.
Häpeän
ääniongelmaani.

Ei juuri
koskaan

Joskus

Melkein
aina

Aina

Jemima Rantanen

4

Appendix C – Voice Activity and Participation Profile questionnaire
Voice Activity and Participation Profile – VAPP
Päivämäärä:________________________________
POTILAAN OMAT KOKEMUKSET ÄÄNIHÄIRIÖSTÄÄN
Vastaa laittamalla viivaan rasti (X) sille kohdalle, joka vastaa kokemustasi.
Rasti vasemmalla merkitsee, että äänesi on aina hyvä,
rasti oikealla merkitsee, että äänesi on koko ajan huono. Muistathan vastata jokaiseen
kysymykseen.
1. Millainen äänesi on nyt?
Normaali
huono

Hyvin

ÄÄNIHÄIRIÖN VAIKUTUS TYÖNTEKOON
2. Vaikuttaako äänihäiriö työhösi?
Ei

Suuressa määrin

3. Oletko ajatellut viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana työn vaihtamista
ääniongelmasi takia?
En
Koko ajan
4. Lisääkö ääniongelma työpaineitasi?
Ei

Koko ajan

5. Onko äänesi huonous vaikuttanut tulevaisuuden urasuunnitelmiisi viimeksi
kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana?
Ei
Koko ajan
ÄÄNIHÄIRIÖN VAIKUTUS PÄIVITTÄISEEN KOMMUNIKOINTIIN
6. Pyydetäänkö sinua äänesi huonouden takia toistamaan, mitä sanoit?
Ei
Koko ajan
7. Oletko kertaakaan viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana huonon äänesi takia
vältellyt puhumista toisille?
En
Hyvin usein

Jemima Rantanen

5

Appendix C continues
8. Onko ihmisten äänesi huonouden takia vaikea ymmärtää puhettasi puhelimessa?
Ei
Hyvin usein
9. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana äänesi huonouden takia
vähentänyt puhelimen käyttöä?
En
Hyvin usein
10. Vaikuttaako äänihäiriösi kommunikointiin hiljaisessa ympäristössä?
Ei
Suuressa määrin
11. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana vältellyt äänesi huonouden takia
keskustelua hiljaisessa ympäristössä?
En
Hyvin usein
12. Vaikuttaako äänihäiriösi kommunikointiisi meluisassa ympäristössä?
Ei
Suuressa määrin
13. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana vältellyt äänesi huonouden takia
keskustelua meluisassa ympäristössä?
En
Suuressa määrin
14. Vaikuttaako äänihäiriösi viestisi ymmärrettävyyteen ryhmätilanteissa?
Ei
Suuressa määrin
15. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana äänesi huonouden takia vältellyt
ryhmäkeskusteluja?
En
Suuressa määrin
16. Vaikuttaako ääniongelma viestisi perille menoon?
Ei

Suuressa määrin

17. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana koskaan vältellyt puhumista
äänesi huonouden takia?
En
Suuressa määrin
ÄÄNIHÄIRIÖN VAIKUTUS SOSIAALISEEN KOMMUNIKOINTIIN
18. Vaikuttaako ääniongelmasi sosiaaliseen aktiivisuuteesi?
Ei

Suuressa määrin

Jemima Rantanen

6

Appendix C continues
19. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana vältellyt sosiaalista toimintaa
äänesi huonouden takia?
En
Suuressa määrin
20. Ärsyttääkö ääniongelmasi perhettäsi, ystäviäsi tai työtovereitasi?
Ei
Suuressa määrin
21. Oletko viimeksi kuluneen puolen vuoden aikana äänesi huonouden takia vältellyt
keskusteluja perheesi, ystäviesi tai työtovereidesi kanssa?
En
Suuressa määrin
ÄÄNIHÄIRIÖIDEN VAIKUTUS TUNTEISIIN
22. Oletko ääniongelman takia hermostunut?
En

Suuressa määrin

23. Oletko ääniongelman takia ahdistunut?
En

Suuressa määrin

24. Onko itsetuntosi ääniongelman takia huono?
Ei

Suuressa määrin

25. Oletko ääniongelmasi takia huolestunut?
En

Suuressa määrin

26. Oletko ääniongelman takia tyytymätön?
En

Suuressa määrin

27. Vaikuttaako ääniongelmasi persoonallisuuteesi?
Ei

Suuressa määrin

28. Vaikuttaako ääniongelma kuvaan, joka sinulla on itsestäsi?
En

Suuressa määrin

Jemima Rantanen

Pressmeddelande
En snabb metod för att hitta röststörningar
Pro gradu-avhandling i logopedi
Fakultet för humaniora, psykologi och teologi, Åbo Akademi
Screening av röststörningar är ett sätt att upptäcka eventuella problem med rösten i ett
tidigt skede. En pro-gradu avhandling av Jemima Rantanen gick ut på att göra en
validering av en screeningmetod, Screen11. Resultaten av den lyckade valideringen
tyder på att Screen11 kunde fungera som ett potentiell screeningmetod, exempelvis av
hälsovårdspersonal, för att hitta röststörningar
Enligt studien är problem med rösten speciellt vanligt hos exempelvis lärare och äldre
människor. Problem med rösten kan ha negativa effekter på sociala livet och
arbetsförmågan. Rantanen indikerar att Screen11 är lätt och snabbt att utföra och skulle
därför kunna fungera som en effektiv screeningmetod för att hitta röstproblem i ett tidigt
skede.
I studiens sampel deltog sammanlagt 96 personer, varav hälften var patienter med
röstproblem från ÅUCS foniatriska poliklinik och andra halvan röstfriska
kontrollpersoner. Data samlades in med frågeformulär.
Ytterligare information fås av:
Jemima Rantanen
Logopedi/Åbo Akademi
0400 366452
jemima.rantanen@abo.fi
Sofia Holmqvist-Jämsén
Universitetslärare i logopedi
Logopedi/Åbo Akademi
sofia.holmqvist@abo.fi

