Julia Zhigulina

A Framework for creating gamified
on-the-job training.

Master’s Thesis in Information Systems
Supervisor: Anna Sell
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and
Economics
Åbo Akademi University
Turku 2020

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Subject: Information Systems
Author: Julia Zhigulina (julia.zhigulina@abo.fi)
Title: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Language: English
Supervisor: Anna Sell
Abstract: The main purpose of this thesis is to review how gamification could be
integrated together with corresponding motivational theories in on-the-job training in
order to increase employees’ motivation in the training process for increased expected
learning outcomes. This study presents the framework for creating on-the-job training
while emphasising the importance of flow experience as a design principle, various
user types and corresponding motivational theories by applying several game
mechanics. The choice for this topic is due to the lack of academic literature on
gamification in the working context especially in on-the-job trainings, while the
necessity of improvement of user’s motivation in participation in such trainings is
already well established. Among baseline theorises applied for the framework are: the
flow theory, FODEM and experiential gaming model, they were combined with
various motivational theories, description of game mechanics and studies on user’s
types. Taking into account the blurry boundaries of the framework intersections,
including business return on investments, user experience design, behavioural science,
the best way to evaluate an artefact was to apply the method «Demonstration of the use
of the artefact with one or several real examples», which assesses two criteria - goal
and efficacy by absolute relativeness of evaluation in the form of analysis and logical
reasoning. In this thesis, we created the baseline for a new onboarding on-the-job
training following four fundamental steps of the framework for a specified narrowed
list of employees, establishing the list of user experience characteristics to be
transferred to the user interface designers and programmers. To evaluate the
framework model from the user’s perspective, we conducted a series of interviews, all
results were recorded, summarised and analysed for any similarities and shared ideas.
Details about the framework and different evaluations are reported in this paper.
Keywords: on-the-job training, gamification, employee’s motivation, framework for
creating training
Date:
Number of pages: 60

2

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Table of Contents:
Chapter 1. Introduction
1.1. Research objective
1.2. Research questions and the structure of the thesis
1.3. Research method
1.4. Description of the framework
1.5. Evaluation method and target users’ group
Chapter 2. Literature review
2.1. Defining gamification
2.1.1. Applications of gamification
2.1.2. Game mechanics
2.2. The motivation for on-the-job training
2.2.1. Main constraints of e-learning materials. Theory of gamified learning
2.3. Motivational theories
2.3.1. Human needs and flow experience
2.3.2. Core drives for user’s motivation within a gamified experience
2.4. Users’ types
2.4.1. 4 Players’ types
2.4.2. Stages of mastery
Chapter 3. Constructive research - a framework for the gamified
on-the-job training
3.1. Research objectives and approach
3.2. The framework for creating on-the-job training
3.3. Framework evaluation - the creation of on-the-job onboarding training
3.3.1. Framework discussion with the target group of users
Chapter 4. Conclusion
References

4
4
5
6
7
8
9
9
10
15
17
19
20
20
25
29
29
30
35
35
36
37
42
51
53
56

3

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Chapter 1. Introduction
1.1. Research objective
In case a company intends to develop, it should create a working team, consisting of
highly motivated and involved employees. One of the critical points for continuous
growth is on-the-job training, which helps to enhance human capital within the
company, providing indisputable support for management to improve the company’s
effectiveness. It is highly recommendable for the training to be well prepared in
advance, be variable regarding methods and techniques, and adaptable to numerous
cases. In case the initial interest in on-the-job training lies in the field of managed
success and profitability of the company governed by the top management, the final
users of this training content are employees. Therefore, it is crucial to identify relevant
skills and challenges to increase their engagement in the training process initially and to
improve their workability in skills developing, behavioural adaptation and competence
enhancement.
During the author’s ten years of working experience in global international companies
with headquarters in the USA and EU, she was faced with difficulties and insufficient
training for employees. New team members lacked a feeling of belonging to the
company, identification to the team, and social integration, as well as organisation’s
goals, philosophies, structure were only partly understood and not often taken into the
practice during their future work. Moreover, the dropout rate was close to 50% within
the first two years, keeping the trend of the same mean values in that labour market’s
sector. Those, unsatisfactory results led to the company’s profit loss, customer’s
dissatisfaction, and, even having market-leading technologies, exceptional engineering
and development centres, these enterprises had to pay fines and penalties for work
defects due to incorrect employees actions. Most of the mistakes, after negotiations and
lessons learned sections, were identified as issues done due to non-compliance with the
company’s instructions, procedures and policies. Therefore, enterprises were receiving
their profit not through employees’ commitment to develop and improve business, but
despite of their lower incentives. That working experience made the author think of
possible changes in the business, specifically in on-the-job training, as it will be further
presented in this study, highly motivated personnel, who believes in the company’s
mission and is committed to following it, could be a mover and an initiator of positive
changes, driven by the enterprise’s success. Consequently, management has to hire
appropriate knowledgeable employees, create on-the-job training with learning-relevant
effective instructional methods and make those users be motivated to participate in the
training environment actively.
This study emphasises the need for integration of business needs, behavioural science
and game design to be able to create meaningful and motivational training. The primary
purpose of this research is to present a conceptual framework for defining and analysing

4

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
the methods to be used when developing on-the-job training, the psychological aspects
to be kept in mind to customise the content and adjust its difficulty to each user.
Since 2010, the popularity of gamification has grown continuously. In general, this
approach includes design of gamification methods in various contexts inducing
experiences familiar from games to support different activities and behaviours (Huotari
& Hamari, 2017; Deterding et al., 2011). Game-based tools have brought success in
educational contexts, providing support when developing comprehensible digital
learning environments and engaging learning tools.
Bearing in mind this increasing trend we have considered it relevant to analyse the
gamification from an on-the-job training perspective to define possible solutions for
employees’ engagement in the training process for increasing expected learning
outcomes and the personnel’s motivation and commitment to pursue their careers at a
specific company.

1.2. Research questions and the structure of the thesis
The combination of on-the-job training with gamified educational tools formed the field
of interest for this study. What factors impact employees’ motivation in on-the-job
training? Could game mechanics increase employees’ motivation in on-the-job training?
Altogether they formed the primary purpose of this thesis by presenting a framework
model for creating on-the-job training while emphasising the importance of flow
experience as a design principle, various user types and corresponding motivational
theories by applying several game mechanics.
This study is divided into four chapters, beginning with the introduction to the topic of
this thesis. Relevant research method description, motivation for the research, research
problems as well as the structure of the study are described in this part. The second
chapter forms the theoretical basis for constructing a framework. In the literature
review, the term «gamification» is presented, including its applications, real-life
examples of serious games and games beyond entertainment. The motivation for on-thejob training is discussed from a business perspective, covering possible companies’
goals and challenges. We analyse the main problems of e-learning materials and provide
the most recent research on the effectiveness of gamified training within the working
environment. The second chapter describes gamification and motivational theories,
discussing:
1) how gamified tools could influence the way employees think in terms of learning,
including psychological barriers and problems that preclude successful on-the-job
training;
2) whether gamified training could increase the perceived learning within a company’s
members and motivate personnel to pursue ongoing development; and
3) whether there are any limitations in terms of gamification sustainability.

5

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
The third chapter introduces the design science research with the final artefact
framework for creating a gamified on-the-job training, as well as an evaluation of this
framework for creating on-the-job onboarding training. In chapter four, we used those
evaluation results to revise the framework concerned as the primary outcome of this
thesis. In the final chapter, all the threads are gathered together, and outcomes are
compiled with further research steps in the field of gamification from behaviour science
and UX design perspectives.

1.3. Research method
This research was carried out in two phases related to the necessary activities of designscience: building and evaluating (March and Smith, 1995). In this thesis, design science
is equated with constructive research with the movement from the initial state to the
final state to construct a new artefact. Based on March and Smith’s (1995) definitions of
four types of artefacts, we decided to adhere to their model. Thus, the main focus of this
thesis is on developing the experiential framework model for creating on-the-job
training. The long-term goal is to theorise the constructed framework model and provide
a tool or a map for other researchers to test and validate the experiential framework for
creating trainings.
Currently, academic literature lacks a formal list of the evaluation of artefacts in
information systems design science research, compared to other research methods, and
associated sets of evaluation methods and evaluation criteria are fragmented in the
literature. However, after reviewing previous studies (March and Smith, 1995; Simon,
1996; Gregor and Jones, 2007; Prat et al., 2014;), we decided to follow the research
done by Prat et al. (2014). By varying the values of the four characteristics of evaluation
criteria they presented (a form of evaluation, secondary participant, level of evaluation
and the relativeness of evaluation), multiple generic evaluation methods can be defined.
Taking into account the blurry boundaries of the frameworks intersections, including
business ROI, user experience design, behavioural science, and adjusting them to the
possible evaluation methods (Prat et al., 2014), we decided that the best way to evaluate
an artefact is to apply the method «Demonstration of the use of the artefact with one or
several real examples». This method assesses two criteria - goal and efficacy by
absolute relativeness of evaluation in the form of analysis and logical reasoning. By
demonstrating the use of the information system artefact/model in one or several real
examples is a common way to verify an artefact’s efficacy. In this thesis, we will create
the baseline for a new onboarding on-the-job training following four fundamental steps
of our framework for a specified narrowed list of employees, establishing the list of user
experience characteristics to be transferred to the user interface designers and
programmers regarding further steps.

6

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

1.4. Description of the framework
The primary purpose of this thesis is to present a framework model for creating on-thejob training while emphasising the importance of flow experience as a design principle
(Csikszentmihalyi, 1975). Various users’ types and corresponding motivational theories
are applied as a toolkit in an Octalysis framework with eight core drives for user
motivation and related game mechanics (Chou, 2016). All those theories have already
been utilised, separately in many studies, but in this thesis, they are combined in a
meaningful way to support business companies in meeting their goals for on-the-job
training by applying game design aspects.
One of the main challenges of designing on-the-job web-based training is the low level
of users’ motivation and, as a consequence, there is an insufficient level of perceived
learning. Unfortunately, both our own working experience and background literature
confirm that web-based training is currently used as an information distributor only, not
taking into consideration users’ needs and feelings, which also include motivation and
engagement to participate in the training environment. In order to archive a higher level
of user motivation, distinct toolkits and design solutions need to be utilised while
creating such training. We, therefore, decided to introduce gamified methods to meet
those challenges. Generally, games satisfy the basic requirements of learning
environments by providing an engaging experience.
Our main task for this thesis was to introduce the framework model that supports
business while creating on-the-job training to increase employees’ motivation and
loyalty to the company. The framework includes four key steps: 1) tasks, 2) methods, 3)
outcomes, 4) risks.
The experiential framework model can be used to design and analyse gamified training;
nevertheless, the model works only as a link between motivational theories and game
design and does not provide the means to a whole game design project. Several issues
should be considered when designing on-the-job training that is not included in the
framework. The company should also pay attention to the learning material, storyline,
graphics and sound, and various combinations of skills/challenges within the path
between boredom and anxiety, in the zone of proximal development, to keep the user’s
feeling of flow.
The first step intends to identify the goals and challenges within a training environment,
including four types of tasks: 1) attitudes and feelings, 2) knowledge of the
organisation, 3) knowledge of the job, 4) other. Based on this input, the framework
requires the user to fulfil the following steps 2–4, by adding corresponding core drives,
game mechanics, identification of desired outcomes in the cross-sections of four
characteristics — psychological, technical, pedagogical and other — and finally,
analysing possible subsequent risks, such as anti-core drives or wrong outcomes.
Keeping in mind the cyclical nature of the framework, the fourth step within the first
evaluation round is not the end-phase. In order to implement changes in the chosen

7

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
gamified methods, it requires the user to rectify all the results by returning to the
methods mentioned in Section Two. Within the following evaluation round, the user
may finalise the desired methods and assess the corresponding risks. In case they are
negligible to a company, the framework directs the user to the final stage of the process,
which is a ready-to-use description for user interface designers and programmers.
The author wants to stress that the proposed framework model does not aim to provide
one solution for creating training. Admittedly, however, it will help the business to ask
similar questions, in order to rectify their needs and to determine the possible and
desired outcomes, as well as the primary user type and its core drives for engagement
and motivation, also keeping in mind the obvious risks based on their solutions.
Generally, if the user is directed by the framework and follows the steps, he/she
contributes essential data to the creation of a learning environment, while also gaining
knowledge about motivational theories, gamified systems and their outcomes, which
could be used more widely as a design principle in the different contexts of the
business.

1.5. Evaluation method and target users’ group
This research was carried out in two phases according to the required activities of
design science research: building an artefact and evaluating it. The final state, therefore,
is the construction of an artefact – a framework for creating on-the-job training. For this
design science research, we decided to evaluate the framework applying the method
«Demonstration of the use of the artefact with one or several examples». The
assessment criteria are – achieving goals and efficacy through an absolute relativeness
of evaluation in the form of analysis and logical reasoning, as a demonstration of the
use of an artefact/model in one or several real examples. It is a common way to verify
an artefact’s efficacy in design science research.
Driven by an idea to ease and support better development of training for new
employees, which includes highly motivational and valuable content and user
experience, we made a final decision on specific training to evaluate the framework –
deliver a baseline to create an onboarding on-the-job training, which could probably
become a useful tool for business in order to decrease development costs and workload,
and at the same time improve employees’ loyalty to the company and reduce the
turnover of newly recruited personnel via applying on-the-job training.
In the second chapter, we introduce different user types and the corresponding
motivational theories. We decided to narrow down the labour list to a specified type of
users, which would be the subject matter for our evaluation. The baseline to create such
a list included recent studies on the proportion of such employees. The list includes
Millennials, socialisers, and new employees. Keeping in mind this focus group, we first
created a list of possible challenges within companies and goals for onboarding training,
followed by suitable gamified methods, and then discussed possible outcomes and risks.

8

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Finally, we summarised all these findings to propose further solutions and development
steps.

Chapter 2. Literature review
2.1. Defining gamification
In 2008, the term «gamification» originated in the digital media industry. In 2010, the
popularity of gamification increased resulting in various ways of application within
educational contexts, which brought about different interpretations for one approach serious games, educational games, gamification. We will study them further regardless
of any distinctions in terminology.
Over the last few years, marketing and consultancy sectors have been promoting
gamification as a potential source of revenue. Gabe Zichermann and Cristopher
Cunningham’s book Gamification by Design: Implementing Game Mechanics in Web
and Mobile Apps (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011) was one of the most popular ones
in a business context. Zichermann’s website www.gamification.co has also contributed
to defining gamification. According to Jane McGonigal, gamification is not only a new
goldmine for designers and business people, but it is also a tool that has the power to
change the world (McGonigal, 2011). She defines gamification as a concept where users
not only solve puzzles within the frames of digital games but also regulate social and
political issues. Gamification enables excellent changes for a generation of social
entrepreneurs and marketing experts in perfect and timely combination with the reevaluation of participatory practices (Fuchs, Fizek, Ruffino, Shrape (Eds.), 2014).
Gamification refers to a design approach of enhancing services and systems with
affordances for experiences similar to those created by games (Huotari & Hamari, 2012;
Koivisto, Hamari, 2019). These “gameful” affordances aim at supporting and
motivating the user toward the behaviour that the gamified system is targeting, such as
healthy behaviours and exercise. At the same time, the experiences created by games
refer, e.g. to senses of enjoyment, flow, autonomy, mastery and accomplishment, that
are considered to be induced by games and gameplay (Koivisto & Hamari, 2019).
Describing gamification as a concept, researchers Huotari Kai and Juho Hamari
conclude that gamification at its core refers to a system design that aims to promote the
purposefulness of a system to reach benefits. Gamification has three parts: design,
psychological and behavioural outcomes (Huotari & Hamari, 2012).

Figure 1. Abstracted elements from the definitions of gamification (Huotari & Hamari
2012).

9

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

In figure 1, mentioned above, motivational affordance states for users needs and stimuli,
which affects users’ psychological outcomes, seeking for several behaviour changes. On
an overarching level, gamification comprises of three main elements: the affordances
implemented to a system or service lead to psychological outcomes, and these gameful
experiences further lead to behavioural outcomes (Hamari et al., 2014). The affordances
refer to the various elements and mechanics that structure games and aid in inducing
gameful experiences within the systems. The psychological outcomes refer to
psychological experiences such as competence, autonomy and relatedness, enjoyment
and engagement, which games and gamification are commonly considered to promote
(Koivisto, Hamari, 2019). The behavioural outcomes of gamification refer to behaviours
and activities, such as continued or increased physical activity in the context of exercise
gamification, or increased learning results in the context of education. It becomes
evident in the white-paper Gamification 101 by the company Bunchball, one of the
victorious proponents of gamification techniques, which states: “At its root,
gamification applies the mechanics of gaming to non-game activities to change people’s
behaviour” (Bunchball, 2010).
Juho Hamari (2015), in his Doctoral Dissertation on Gamification: Motivations &
Effects states that further possible steps to review identified patterns in gamification is
the notion of using technology to change people’s behaviour towards a desired goal.
One of such areas is on-the-job training, that will be reviewed in this study, bearing in
mind the idea of adoption of gamified tools in the learning and training processes and
their influences on social and business life. We analyse ambitious implications of gamebased technologies and ways they could change our behaviour and discuss further
directions in this field based on various articles related to the gamification of education
and learning.

2.1.1. Applications of gamification
Any advertising campaign has a goal behind it – to receive reactions from customers,
consisting of four steps: attention, interest, desire and action (AIDA) (Fuchs, Fizek,
Ruffino, Schrape (Eds.), 2014). In other words, only if there is a desire, and if the
consumer is capable of attaining the product, may he or she perform the purchase.
Gamification processes, however, provide a more direct way of adjusting the behaviour
and, therefore, the loyalty of the consumer. We can take as a simple example the
frequent-flyer programs, that could be assumed as a primal form of gamification. Niklas
Schrape, in his article “Gamification and governmentality”, provides a profound
description of such successful examples (Fuchs, Fizek, Ruffino, Schrape (Eds.), 2014).
Star Alliance introduced Miles & More’s programme by Lufthansa in 1993, which
changed the nature of the customers’ cards and flying experience. Already in 2011, the
programme counted more than twenty million participants worldwide. Miles &

10

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
More changed the airport area to an extremely hierarchical field for social contests
about status and privilege, making it the very source of identity. Passengers receive
points for their flights, which will be recalculated in miles. Award miles or status
miles could be collected in order to obtain a higher hierarchy level - starting from
frequent-flyer status (level 1) to senator status (level 2) and finally to member of the
elected HON-circle (level 3). The moving force is not the small benefits themselves, but
the exclusiveness of the status for its owner. The structure of status cards, exclusive
areas and privileges create an artificial hierarchy within the social space of the airport.
An important thing related to gamification in comparison to the traditional way of
demonstrating loyalty and preferences is the fact that gamified applications attain a
visible history of product usage (Fuchs, Fizek, Ruffino, Schrape (Eds.),
2014). Frequent-flyer programmes and status cards visually display a personal history of
product usage. Furthermore, special status of a passenger is measured in miles and
materialised in cards and stars, transforming consumption from simple one-time action
to a process with its own history and visible publicity.
One of the leading companies in the field of gamification, Bunchball, states that the
promise of status makes all the difference. Gamification techniques, for example, in
frequent-flyer programmes are strategic instruments to manipulate people’s behaviour
related to products or services and create a personal history with one’s commitment to
frequently using their services. “And they [the passengers] will go out of their way to
stick with the vendor where they have the most points and status – even when
disappointed with the actual service” (Bunchball, 2010).
In terms of a person’s loyalty and behaviour change, the world and society could be
transformed by the way the airport changed - people do not have to be illuminated but
simply measured and motivated by points and badges in order to make them fitter,
happier, and more productive.
People are no more disciplined to behave correctly on their own. However, they could
receive, for example, points and stars for their past behaviour to be motivated to
continue in the favoured way. Miles & More’s programme with its senators' lounge is a
materialisation of positive feedback. Therefore, gamification could be applied to make
the world a better place, as stated in writings by Jane McGonigal (2011): “What if we
decided to use everything we know about game design to fix what is wrong with
reality?” For McGonigal, gamification holds the potential to motivate every individual
to behave more responsibly, to solve problems, and behave in a better way. According to
Evgeny Morozov (2013) in his book To Save Everything, Click Here, the gamified trash
BinCam take pictures of dumped waste, post them online, provide awards points for
correct separation, while exposing unwanted behaviour. For Morozov, it is an example
of «solutionism» – the belief that technological innovations could identify situations
and problems to be solved.
The current European Commission’s programme Horizon2020, which includes
«Advanced Digital Gaming/ Gamification Technologies» in non-leisure context

11

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
(European Commission, 2014), states that “Digital games can [... .] make a real change
in the life of a large number of excluded groups, enhancing their better integration in
society” (ibid.). Therefore, gamification is applied as a tool to reach political goals. The
European Commission reports that these techniques “show potential in addressing
issues of policy concern, including wellness and ageing, education and employability of
poor learners, improved quality of training and skill development in industry, and civic
participation” (Centeno, 2013). People feel free, but initially, their behaviour is
monitored and scored/regulated. This idea is common to computer games, where
choices are limited, but gameful experience provides the player with the deception of
freedom.
In 2014 a group of researchers conducted a literature review of empirical studies on
gamification and published a paper Does Gamification Work?, which included their
findings on that topic (Hamari, Koivisto & Sarsa, 2014). The majority of the reviewed
studies (24) yielded positive effects from gamification. Some of the articles showed
partially positive results and discussed why some of those results could not be reached.
For instance, the most extensive studies in the review reported that gamification might
not be effective in a utilitarian service setting. However, engagement by gamification
depends on several factors, such as the motivations of users or the nature of the
gamified system. The understanding of the contextual factors would benefit from
considering the following theoretical perspectives: (1) the social environment: theory of
planned behaviour states that the voluntariness of carrying out a task is one of the main
antecedents for attitude formation and behaviour; (2) the nature of the system: is the
system in question utilitarian or hedonic; and (3) the involvement of the user: is it
cognitive or affective (Hamari, Koivisto & Sarsa, 2014).
Experimental conditions could test the impact of the context of the gamified system. By
implementing particular motivational affordances and holding them constant while
varying the nature of the underlying service could give insight into how the context
affects the outcomes of the gamification. In some cases, the results of gamification
could be short-term, being only a novelty effect for users. However, in some studies, the
removal of gamification led to detrimental effects for engaged users, possibly due to
loss aversion from losing badges and points that they have already earned. Hamari et al.
(2014) also mentioned that, although gamification is often touted as a marketing
strategy, none of those studies were conducted in a marketing segment. Nevertheless,
the dependent variables across the studies showed increased quality of the system and
service, acting as a significant marketing driver.
One of the practical applications of gamification lay in the field of user-computer
interaction. Many kinds of interaction with computers require some calibration. The
need for calibration arises out of individual user differences, and environmental and
situational changes. For example, a user’s performance with a new input device may
need to be tested in order to choose an optimal control-to-display ratio. Calibration, or
the lack of it, may have substantial effects on the success of an interaction with a

12

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
computer system, including poor performance with an input device, missed signals due
to non-detected stimuli, and selection errors. However, because calibration is a tedious
process, users often skip it. Gutwin et al. (2011) tested three calibration games in order
to rectify whether the game mechanics could enrich user’s motivation and engagement
in the calibration process. Their observations suggest that the performance increased
significantly comparing to non-gamified environment, as well as a time to complete for
all users and within every gamified calibration process (Gutwin et al., 2001). The
improved performance may have been caused by people trying harder in the game,
which consequently, helped to produce more accurate data since it did a better job of
encouraging people to try their hardest at the tasks. However, researchers conclude that
their evidence on results only shows that people performed differently in the gamified
calibration environments, not why those differences occurred. Those changes may be
caused by differences in the presentation of the stimuli, or interaction affects with other
game elements. The way to get the user’s perception is to obtain their views, that
suggest a motivating effect of the game’s rewards and encouragements within gamified
calibration environments.
We mentioned the calibration process as one of the applications of gamification due to
the various systems and trainings that have addressed calibration, including
technologies for interactive touch, 3D sound, location-sensing technology, eye-tracking,
heads-up displays, glove-based input, personalised colour displays, and physiological
sensing – for detecting emotional states. As far as our study focuses on on-the-job
training, many of those technologies, due to a company’s specifics, may be applied in
the training environment.
In 2019, one of the leading gamification companies, TalentLMS, turned to almost 600
employees in their survey on gamification at work, the age ranging from 18 to 69, with
a mean age of 37 years. In order to provide sufficient qualitative results on the benefits
of gamification for the company, we decided to include a summary of their key findings,
focusing on those correlating with our research topic, on-the-job training (TalentLMS,
2019).
• Employees say gamification makes them feel more productive (89%) and happier
(88%) at work;
• 33% would like more gamified elements in their employee training software;
• 83% of employees who used gamified training within working environment felt
motivated, while 61% of those who received non-gamified training felt bored and
unproductive;
• 89% believe they would be more productive if their work were gamified;
• 78% of users stated that gamification in the recruiting process would make the
company more desirable for employees.
Concerning the final finding, Pfau Richard (1998) stated that the orientation could be
taken even before the first working day. Taking business needs into account should be
reasonable to decrease the timing as much as possible and at the same time improve its

13

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
productivity, for example, by using gamification in the training environment. As a
result, according to the respondents’ answers, it would make a company more desirable
for employees. It could have various outcomes for users, starting with increased
employees’ loyalty, level of perceived learning, readiness to develop and grow within
the company, and, finally, decreased rate of absence, and increased production and
quality.
Among other key findings, as opposed to the above mentioned positive results of
gamified training, the majority of people who receive non-gamified training scored low
levels of motivation (28%) and valued their training as being boring (49%) and
unproductive (12%). According to the survey, e-learning gamification makes 83% of
users feel motivated, and only 13% feel bored or unproductive (TalentLMS, 2019).
The research also covered a question on which types of training employees would like
to have gamified. Respondents mentioned that 30% would gamify corporate compliance
training, 18% training on products and services, and 16% technical skills development
training. In the next chapter, we will introduce the most significant workforce,
Millennials, for whom one of the highest priority is to improve skills and personal
development within the company (Deloitte, 2016). All three pieces of training, which
are listed as a desired step for gamification, are among Millennials’ high priority, given
a supporting confirmation about the reasonability of application gamified solutions in a
working environment. The gamification survey reports that nine out of ten employees
feel happier when they use gamified software at work.
As an additional benefit, gamified experience boosted competition and easiness among
89% of the users; the same percentage clearly stated that gamification makes them
productive at work. In our study, we could apply this result as a possible outcome of
successful on-the-job training that increases users’ technical knowledge of the
company’s software, systems, products and services, as well as psychological outcomes,
comprising better social integration and identification with the organisation and team
mates.
Turning our review to the educational field, it would be reasonable to mention one of
the empirical literature reviews in gamified education and learning which was
conducted by a group of researchers in 2018 (Majuri, Koivisto & Hamari, 2018) as well
as all studies to-date with the term ‘gamification’ in the field of education. The literature
search was conducted in 2015 and resulted in 807 hits. Based on further filtering
procedures, 270 studies were identified as full, empirical research papers and only 128
papers were identified as studies in the field of education and learning. Their findings
indicate that most studies were related to the implemented affordances and
psychological outcomes. Results of this empirical literature review mainly reported
promising positive feedback. However, there were also mixed experiences and
outcomes, therefore, the authors suggested that future research should also address
different learning styles in addition to user’s personality and demographic

14

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
characteristics in the gamification solutions and study design (Majuri, Koivisto &
Hamari, 2018).
The findings mentioned above in gamified education and learning corroborate the
findings of a study by Koivisto J. and Hamari J. (2019). They researched and analysed
273 empirical papers. The authors stated that the behavioural outcomes reflect the
popularity of education as the primary domain for the study of gamification; course or
assignment grades, and other forms of measuring academic performance are those
behavioural outcomes that are more frequently studied. Among the most significant
results reported in the identified controlled experimental quantitative studies (Koivisto
& Hamari, 2019) were the following: 1) while positive research findings are frequent
(28.7% of the papers), a clear majority of the studies still report somewhat mixed
results, i.e. the papers report negative or inconclusive results in addition to positive
results; 2) mixed but mainly positive results were reported in nearly half (47.0% of the
papers); 3) entirely negative results were reported in 2 of the 66 quantitative
experimental studies. By grouping the results by content, the largest domain was in the
field of education/learning. Most of the studies reported positive results (35.7%).
Mixed, but mostly positive results received a very similar result (32.1%). The next most
significant domains (health/exercise and crowdsourcing) also showed mixed but mostly
positive results. For the rest of the domains, the number of studies in each domain were
three or less, so no meaningful conclusions could be drawn (Koivisto & Hamari, 2019).

2.1.2. Game mechanics
In this subchapter, we briefly review game mechanics, and, as our research focuses on a
specific field of application of gamification, we will later narrow the list of game
mechanics, specifying only those motivating employees to participate actively in the
gamified on-the-job training. According to Huotari and Hamari (2017), incorporating
the engagement and enjoyment of the gameful process into activities outside games is at
the core of what is commonly called gamification. The potential of gamification lies in
the restructuring of tasks and activities with game elements and gameful affordances. It
may be reached by dividing a larger whole into subtasks with clear goals and providing
direct feedback for accomplishments, reframing an activity by establishing a meaningful
narrative, or by gathering a social community to provide support (Koivisto & Hamari,
2019).
In 2019, Koivisto J. and Hamari J. conducted a literature review consisting of 273
papers on gamification and game mechanics, aiming to analyse psychological and
behavioural outcomes, as well as the most frequently applied game mechanics.
Altogether, 47 different affordances were identified in the 273 studies (see table 1).

15

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Table 1. Affordances studied in the empirical research papers (Koivisto & Hamari,
2019).
For a better visual representation, they were grouped into five type-based subgroups: 1)
progression-oriented, 2) social-oriented, 3) immersion-oriented, 4) real-world-related,
and 5) miscellaneous. The most commonly used game mechanics are the various forms
of points and scoring as well as different forms of challenges, clear goals, achievements
and leaderboards. According to Zagal et al. (2005), in games’ design points,
achievements and leaderboards have been categorised as goal metrics that provide
performance feedback to the player. Most likely, their popularity in gamified
implications originates from their applicability to various types of existing systems
(Koivisto & Hamari, 2019). The results of the study also analysed the affordances of
these game mechanics employed. However, in many cases, several gamified methods

16

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
were applied, making it impossible to identify which of the affordances they employed
or test the system as a whole environment and affordances in correlation with it. The
study’s limitations in gamification have already been mentioned by Hamari et al.
(2014). In the literature, among the most studied affordances are points, badges and
leaderboards (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011; Chou, 2016). However, Chou (2016)
suggested analysing game mechanics through the lens of games in order to understand
how to combine different game mechanics and techniques to form desired and joyful
experiences for everyone. He created an octagonal-shaped framework called Octalysis,
which includes a significant number of various game mechanics he assessed by
analysing video games. Some of the already mentioned game methods are split into
several specific mechanics with the description of their applications, which makes the
framework an accessible and affordable toolkit for game designers and developers of
any gamified environment.
However, it would be reasonable to mention that most gamification designs are
currently focused only on achievement-oriented mentalities and corresponding
motivations. Nevertheless, research on the motivations to play games (Koivisto &
Hamari, 2019) indicates that the motivators of user behaviour are diverse, including
achievement-related methods, social aspects and role play. Such technologies as
augmented reality could offer additional future directions for gamified methods.
Furthermore, according to Koivisto and Hamari (2019), neither the theoretical nor the
empirical issues of the overall gamification context are complete; the determinants
behind the gamification affordances are currently not well analysed. The issues of the
adoption of gamification, demographic factors and user perception have to be
considered while implementing gamification. Therefore, in our research on gamification
we expand its focus on such aspects that precede the effects of gamification on human
behaviour and motivation, including user types, stages of mastery, multi-generational
workforce and various motivational theories.

2.2. The motivation for on-the-job training
Once the employee enters the company, business is oriented to keep him longer. Among
the first employee’s experiences within the company is the onboarding process which
includes on-the-job training. We decided to review how onboarding training could help
to increase their loyalty to a company, reduce turnover, and how these investments of
company’s capital could additionally benefit the business? Why is the orientation
training so significant and what kind of profits and benefits could it create for the
company? By analysing those aspects, we could create the background for a powerful,
competitive and complete orientation training framework for new employees, which
increases their motivation, perceived learning and loyalty to a company.

17

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Providing employees with on-the-job orientation training could be seen as the best
investment of a company’s capital, as its benefits could include the following list of
advantages for the business:
1. Reduce turnover of new employees;
2. Increase employees’ loyalty to the company;
3. Increase production;
4. Improve quality of the work;
5. Decrease the number of mistakes done by employees;
6. Decrease the absence rate;
7. Improve subgroups’ relationships and better inter and intracompany
relationships;
8. Improve customer service;
9. Reduce the onboarding time for new employees;
10. Improve the safety and ergonomics of the workplace.
This list briefly introduces the most visible benefits from implementing orientation
training for the company’s employees, but they could be adjusted based on the
company’s specifics and business/ department’s related unique features.
According to Richard H Pfau (1998), all employees should be oriented or introduced
when they join an organisation, are transferred within it or are promoted. Nowadays, in
many companies, this orientation is poorly organised, and their poor practice has, in
fact, lower productivity, customers’, employees’ satisfaction and perceived learning.
Providing a list of documents to a new employee to read through could be seen as
negligence, as it does not provide a positive impact on the company, in the most neutral
case, the employee does not have sufficient knowledge, contrasting with the worst case,
where an employee loses his loyalty and interest in the company’s development and
business in general.
The first days on the job can have a significant effect on an employee. This affect can be
either positive or negative depending on what happens during that time, and as was
shown in the Deloitte’s survey above, the trend is rather disturbing nowadays. A new
employee is anxious, is in an unfamiliar place and does not know quite well what the
organisation will demand (Pfau, 1998). However, during this initial period, most
employees are enthusiastic and eager to learn. Thus, the goal of the supervisor and
manager is to keep and develop this commitment to learn, develop and maintain their
willingness to succeed. Orientation training also provides the company with the chance
to shape employee attitudes and increase his interest in staying.
It is worth mentioning that training starts even before the employee enters the company,
already during the recruitment process HR department introduces the company’s goals,
policies, and culture. Therefore, it is typically a general orientation for the position he is
applying for. To avoid disappointment, this part should be well performed. The next step

18

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
is conducted after the first or second day and should be well conducted, meaning that
the process should not be rushed.

Figure 2. Time spent orienting new employees (Pfau R.H., 1998).
Figure 2 shows that the orientation could be as long as three months; however, it
accounts for workload and the company’s capital investment in new employees before
they can start working productively. Therefore, from a business perspective it is
necessary to decrease the time as much as possible, while improving productivity
simultaneously - i.e. employees’ loyalty, perceived learning, readiness to develop and
grow within the company, decrease the number of mistakes, the rate of absence,
increase production and quality.

2.2.1. Main constraints of e-learning materials. Theory of gamified
learning
Even though gamification could improve user experience and be applied wisely to
increase users’ motivation and engage them in specific targeted behaviours, it has its
limitations, or more pertinently, it has some preconditions. Therefore, in this subchapter,
we would like to describe the theory of gamified learning, shown in figure 3, and point
out critical issues to the success of any gamified training.!
According to Richard Landers (2015), critical to the success of any gamification is that
the instructional content already in place should be sufficient. The goal of gamification
should not be to!replace!instruction, but instead to!improve!it. If the educational content
does not already provide users with the desired learning level, the gamification of that
content will not cause learning by itself. By gamifying any course in a teaching
environment, such as a university, the instructor intends to gain a more significant

!

!

19

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
number of assignments that have been completed with greater enthusiasm. In order to
increase the efficacy of this approach, effective instructional methods must already be
used for those assignments; otherwise, the students will be motivated to increase their
participation in irrelevant learning tasks (Landers, 2015).

Figure 3. Theory of gamified learning. D-> " -> B and A->C->B are mediating
processes. The influence of " on A->B is a moderating process. Directional arrows
indicate theorised path of causality (Landers, 2015).
We assume that the same is applicable for the gamified training environment because it
falls under the description of 'a serious game', which is defined by Michael and Chan
(2005) as “a game in which education (in its various forms) is the primary goal, rather
than entertainment”. These two definitions of serious games and the gamification of
learning overlap significantly. The training of employees is considered to be in a nongame context; therefore, gamification could be a motivational toolkit to engage users in
specific targeted training, while initially, the training content itself should be an
effective instructional method. If a course were of low quality (e.g. if it did not
incorporate valid pedagogical techniques and had a poor instructional design), the
addition of gamification would not affect the learning. In this case, none of the
gamifying elements would change the level of perceived learning.!
The author wants to stress that the primary goal of this study is to present a framework
for creating on-the-job training, which will help a business to ask questions in order to
rectify their needs, possible and desired outcomes, primary user type and its core drives
toward engagement and motivation. However, we are not analysing the instructional
design and training educational content, presuming that they are already learningrelevant effective instructional methods.!!

2.3. Motivational theories
2.3.1. Human needs and flow experience!
Game design is a new field that has connections to both psychology and system
thinking. As the user plays the leading role, the player’s motivation drives the final
result, once the company understands his motivation, it starts building a successful
!

!

20

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
gamification experience. Combining the desire and predictability of success, games
could be a great motivator in improving the user’s life. Nevertheless, to analyse this
topic, relative theoretical studies on people’s motivation and intrinsic and extrinsic
motivation are discussed. Later we will analyse player’s types and cover various of
mastery, as well as game mechanics.
Abraham Maslow (1943), in his work, «A Theory of Human Motivation» studied the
hierarchy of human needs, which is usually presented in the following way as shown in
figure 4 (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011).!

Figure 4. Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011).!
His research focuses on people’s needs and their satisfaction; the person will not be
interested in the higher-level needs until previous levels are satisfied. In other words,
while he is in a state of starvation, he is not motivated in belongings or self-esteem,
until his initial needs are met. Only then will he be motivated to move further in this
hierarchy. The pattern mentioned above could be well applied for the player’s
motivations in a gamified experience. Our study will later review different game
mechanics and their correlations to the layers from Maslow’s pyramid.!
Another aspect of understanding player motivations is by questioning where motivation
comes from. From a psychological perspective, our motivations could be intrinsic and
extrinsic. Intrinsic motivations are those that derive from our core self and are not based
on the world around us. Conversely, extrinsic motivations are driven by our entourage
and rewards, such as the desire to make money. (Gamification by design, Gabe

!

!

21

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Zichermann and Christopher Cunningham). In terms of gamified motivational design, it
is worth mentioning Daniel Pink’s book Drive (Pink, 2011), where he designates money
as a weak reward for completing complex tasks. His study shows that money could not
be introduced as a motivator for people performing creative and complex tasks.
Therefore, he claims that monetary rewards are not an appropriate motivator for creative
ideas and even in some situations, demotivate the user.
On the contrary, a suitable reward for creativity is long-term social status. Replacement
of intrinsic motivation with an extrinsic reward could be easily achieved, but in some
cases, such rewards crushes intrinsic motivation, which never returns. If a player is
intrinsically motivated, but he’s not good at his job, why would we want to preserve his
intrinsic desire? Over-justification generally does not negatively affect players with
excellent performance or strong personal motivation, though some rewards can be seen
as manipulative or harmful if used in the wrong context (Zichermann & Cunningham,
2011). Extrinsic reward drags into a loop, once the company gave it once, it will have to
keep doing it in the longterm.
Many advert campaigns employ loyalty programs, reward, coupons, which apply for
goal-driven extrinsic motivation, that in fact is easier to implement in comparison with
making the activity itself joyful, creative and involving. When a user is offered a
reward, his involvement reduces, as it shifts the focus to money, and the brain - into
market mode. While free, non-payable activity promotes a flexible and dynamic mind
for creative and innovative ideas. Trying to motivate people with rewards, a company
makes employees lose some social altruism and generosity, acting as a calculator to
achieve a higher reward, it does not matter if the company is offering money or gifts,
the same rules apply. Extrinsic motivation should be used wisely and only in the
discovering phase of action before the user’s first try and later transferred into intrinsic
rewards and motivation.
Mentioning increasing difficulty levels of the game and sufficient competitiveness for
users would be useful to describe the research made by a psychologist Mihaly
Csikszentmihalyi (1991), who found that utilising high degrees of skills in challenging
tasks results in deep concentration, absorption, or immersion which he named flow. This
feeling lies between anxiety and boredom while experiencing involving and
motivational tasks that are on the player’s motivational level. Figure 5 below shows that
flow is reached when the user’s skills are correlated with his challenges, once the skill
improves the challenge increases as well. Generally, flow states that only challenging
tasks, which are correctly optimised would have a positive effect on the user as they
keep him engaged in the process. Furthermore, in case of exceeding user’s skills, it will
encourage him to deepen engagement and as a result will increase perceived learning,
e.g. in educational games.

22

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Figure 5. Flow theory (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011).
The subjective experience of flow is enhanced by certain experiential conditions or
properties of the task. The most central condition for flow experiences to occur is that
the individual uses a high level of skill to meet a significant challenge (Hamari et al.,
2016). Usually, the challenge-skill set is high and well balanced, which drives the user
to a challenging goal. There are different combinations of correlations between high and
low challenges against skills, which could be described as follows: (a) apathy, resulting
from a low challenge and low skill; (b) relaxation, resulting from high skill but low
challenge; (c) anxiety, resulting from a high challenge but low skill; and (d) flow,
resulting from high challenge combined with high skill. Among all of them, only flow
motivates the user to increase his level and transfer from novice to visionary (Strati,
Shernoff &Kackar, 2012). Previous research conducted by Webster et.al (1993) has
shown that the flow experience has a positive effect on learning because during such
balanced activities, from a psychological perspective, a person is so involved in the task
that nothing outside distracts him.!
In the book,!The Art of Game Design A Book of Lenses,!Jesse Schell (2014) introduced
the updated flow graph (figure 6) with a repeating cycle of increasing challenges,
followed by a reward, the power shifts up and down with easy to achieve and
challengeable tasks, providing both excitement and relaxation. Nevertheless, all these
cycles still remain in the path between boredom and anxiety, in the zone of proximal
development.!!
In the article! Digital game-based learning Towards an experiential gaming
model!Kristian Kiili (2005) introduced a Framework of Flow experience in computermediated environments (figure 7), that comprises different factors of each stage of flow
and components of the PAT - person, artefact, task - model.!

!

!

23

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Figure 6. Adjusted Flow graph (Schell, J., 2008).

Figure 7. Framework of flow in computer-mediated environments (Kiili, 2004) .
The PAT model was first presented by Finneran and Zhang (2003). They studied the
possibilities to experience flow within the interaction with a computerbased-activity and what influences flow: the person, the task or the use of artefacts
(Finneran & Zhang, 2003). The framework links different concepts in one merged figure
to summarise the flow antecedents based on the PAT model, dimensions of flow, and its
consequences. Among such implications are increased learning (Skadberg & Kimmel,
2004), Increased exploratory behaviour (Webster, Trevino & Ryan, 1993), an
acceptance of information technology (Ghani, 1991) and perceived behavioural control.
Therefore, all factors - person, task and artefact - should be analysed when developing a
training, education application or software. As flow experience provides the balance
between challenges and tasks, good usability of an educational resource increases the
!

!

24

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
value of flow and user’s attention in the task, where the best outcome is a perfect
correlation between artefact, task and person’s differences.!

2.3.2. Core drives for user’s motivation within a gamified experience
As was already mentioned in chapter two, Abraham Maslow’s pyramid proposes five
levels of needs that drive human activities, ranging from physiological needs to the need
for self actualisation. According to the theory, the user must satisfy psychological and
safety needs before processing to a more complex one (Zichermann & Cunningham,
2011). However, in order to enrich this theory from the gamification’s point of view, YuKai Chou (2016), adjusted this pyramid of needs and added a list of core drives that
promote a desired user’s behaviour within a gamified environment (see figure 8).
Human-focused design, or gamification, according to Chou (2016), works for increasing
human motivation and optimisation of a person’s behaviour. The core function of
human-focused design lay in the field of human motivation as opposed by «functionfocused» applications, that focus on the finished work. This concept tries to
analyse! why! people participate in gamified experiences, instead of answering the
question of!what!are the main components of the game. Chou (2016) proves that not the
game elements, such as badges or points, make the game breathtaking but the core idea
behind them, or as he calls it!core drive,!which influences user’s behaviour.

Figure 8. Adjusted Maslow's pyramid of needs (Chou, 2016).
As was mentioned above, figure 8 provides a visual representation of eight core drives
that motivate user interaction within the game environment and could be applied in our
study as a toolkit for the framework for creating on-the-job training.!

!

!

25

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
The first core drive is epic meaning and calling. The person is motivated to create or to
be engaged in something, that has a meaning for society or a group of people. Many
games apply this core drive in the first few minutes, describing a catastrophe and that
the player is the only person who could rescue society. The same applies to nonprofitable applications, websites, like Wikipedia, where they work without any financial
benefits or public recognition. They are driven by an idea more significant than they are,
contributing knowledge for further generations. This core drive is a necessary part of
the onboarding phase of the user’s experience. The company has to engage the
employee to the company’s goals and mission, describing why he should be a part of
this team; not promoting its products, but a definite vision worth following. In other
words, epic meaning and calling relates to a compelling general vision or a goal.
The second core drive is development and accomplishment. People are motivated by
completing a target and reaching a goal. It could be an educational plan, working goals
or sport results, showing our development within a specific time. Points, badges and
leaderboards are applied precisely to meet this core drive, making them the most
commonly used gamified technics in the media and advertisement. To provide a sense of
accomplishment, games award users with badges and medals, making users feel proud
of themselves, but only if skills and challenges correspond correctly. If everyone can get
a medal, it becomes useless. As was described in chapter two, flow emerges in the space
between anxiety and boredom, where the user feels enjoyment. According to Kristian
Kiili (2005), the flow experience characterised by the following dimensions (figure 7 in
chapter 2):
1. Time distortion;
2. Loss of self-consciousness;
3. Merging of action and awareness;
4. Concentration;
5. Telepresence;
6. Sense of control.
Combing together core drive two and the flow experience, we integrate an enjoyment in
the activity or task, making the player feel successful for reaching the goal.
Yu-Kai Chou provides an example from the field of web development which
successfully applies core drive two - an online auction site ebay.com, that enables users
to sell their goods to the rest of the world. Its success lays in the quick understanding of
the impact of gamification in the design of an online auction with achievement symbols,
win-state and proactive actions to bid against competitors. The user could achieve a
gamified spirit by placing a final bid, that enables him to compete and win an item (the
Win-state). Similar research was conducted by Chen et al. (1999), the authors applied
flow experience in the context of web testing and the possible impact of flow theory on
web design. According to their results, close to 40% of users (from N = 304 participants
in total) experienced flow in web-related activities, that utilised flow aspects in their
design. We could assume, that ebay.com makes users experience the flow, as soon as a

26

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
buyer succeeds with the bid, acquiring an item in the competitive environment that
provides him a Win-state.
The next core drive three is the empowerment of creativity and feedback. It promotes a
user’s inner willingness to create something new, to influence the environment around
him in the desired manner. However, it could be rather hard to implement this core drive
in practice. This core drive provides the developer the possibility to implement in the
gamified environment different levels and endless collaborative play options, even in a
low challenge gameplay, a user could apply innovative ways to illustrate his inner
creativity and be continuously engaged. The empowerment of creativity provides users
with a choice between different playing styles: safer and longer vs riskier, with the
possibility to end the game faster. According to Deci and Ryan (2000), «intrinsically
motivated behaviour will most likely result from motivational needs for competence,
autonomy and relatedness[…]. Where an autonomy refers to the freedom of choosing
what challenges to undertake». These motivational needs, including autonomy, are
commonly used in gameplay (Ryan, Rigby & Przybylski, 2006). This dynamic play is
often applied in the most profitable and popular games, as meaningful choices allow
people to feel empowered by their preferences and strategies. Generally, providing users
with meaningful choices, the environment gives them a vision of the full autonomy,
which often becomes a more significant motivator even more than monetary rewards.
According to Jesse Schell (2008), this can be accomplished by 1) adding constraints to
players choices, 2) incentivising players to make particular choices that meet the
player’s goals, 3) creating an interface that guides the user towards the Desired Actions,
4) adding visual designs to attract the player’s attention, 5) providing social guidance
(often through computer-generated characters in the game), and 6) music control that
affects player behaviours.
The fourth core drive is ownership and possession, which acts as a powerful motivator
for users, providing them with emotional comfort and a feeling of welfare. This core
drive involves virtual assets, such as internal currencies, which could be compared to a
collection of stamps or points in and outside the gameplay. Those points could be used
in the game’s economy or traded with other users in the system and beyond the game.
The second subtype of points is status points, we have discussed them in chapter two by
introducing Star Alliance’s Miles & More Program, which changed the nature of the
customer’s cards and flying experience. Passengers earn points for their flights which
will be recalculated in miles. Award miles or status miles could be collected in order to
get a higher hierarchy level - starting from frequent-flyer status (level 1) to senator
status (level 2) and finally to member of the elected HON-circle (level 3). Therefore,
passengers are willing to collect those miles in order to receive a special status card.
Interestingly, such programs as Miles & More visually display a personal history of
product usage, his preferences and choices in a company’s products and services, which,
makes it possible to personalise the product to user’s needs. It is known as the Alfred
Effect, when users feel that the service is personalised for their needs and would choose

27

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
it, rather than others, on the market - making tailoring a great marketing opportunity for
companies to win customers. Another market example with tailoring services is Netflix,
that predicts which movies the user would like to watch depending on his previous
experiences within their service and adjust his searching results accordingly. (Ha, 2014).
According to Nobel Prize laureate Daniel Kahneman (2013), as soon as the person starts
owning something, he promptly respects it as a more valuable item beyond other assets,
which he doesn’t own. The same affect applies when we just imagine the item as our
own. James Heyman tested that theory on the auction sites, such as ebay.com, which we
have already mentioned in core drive two, and verified that the longer the user owns the
highest bid for an item, the more actively he acts in order to purchase it because he
already imagines it as his asset (Heyman, Orhun, Ariely, 2004).
The fifth core drive is social influence and relatedness. This refers to the person behind
the social interactions, such as mentorship, competition and companionship, i.e. social
connections. The fifth core drive could be assumed a one of the most prolonged
motivators for users to be the team members; and also implies the way we perceive
social standards and social norms, and how they impact on our decisions and could
change our behavioural models. The community could have some «social norming»,
which makes users compare their behaviour with the standards within a specific team
and adjust them to fit the group’s standards, even if the team will never recognise what
they have applied. The leadership within a company and a team also applies to the
social influence and relatedness but is more focused on core drive one (epic meaning),
as opposed by team members that are mostly motivated by core drive five. The
leadership promotes motivation for the group using goals and visions, while team
members have a moral and ethical obligation not to fail the group.
Scarcity and impatience is the sixth core drive. When a user faces difficulty in obtaining
an asset immediately, his passion for having it increases. Our brain searches for items
which are unique, rare and hard to obtain, limitations make them more valuable for us.
For any user, the value of an asset could be a determinant of its quality, impacting its
perceived value. This core drive correlates well with the flow theory, introduced in
chapter two. In the correlation with the scarcity and impatience, the flow could be seen
from the perspective of the user’s passion for achieving a complicated target.
The seventh core drive is the unpredictability and curiosity, which applies uncertainty in
activities granting a level of opportunity for the desired result. Most activities that add a
chance to win a prize automatically draw people’s attention, making an activity
«funny», referring to their intrinsic motivation and thought «could I be lucky?».
Nowadays, many marketing companies deploy such technics to engage users with their
brand and service, for example, by providing a prize for the desired action, which could
differ depending on the campaign and the goal of the marketing program. Desired
actions could be «likes» on social media pages, «shares» to friends and colleagues,
which in turn give a chance to win a promotional gifts, such as gift cards, free services
or items.

28

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
The eighth and final core drive is loss and avoidance. This motivates the user through
the feeling of lost opportunities. When he has a fear to lose something significant, for
example, money, coins, invested time and efforts, and attends to prevent these
circumstances, making him act in the desired way. Common coupons with limited usage
time act in the same way, moving the user to purchase an item at a discounted price
within a limited timeframe. This core drive implies the theory that people are more
likely to adapt their behaviour to avoid a loss than to receive a profit. In his book, Nobel
Prize winner Daniel Kahneman (2013) states that humans are twice as loss-averse
compared to seeking a profit. In other words, we take the risk only if a possible benefit
would be double the visible risk of loss. Nevertheless, the feeling of loss and avoidance
only has a short-term effect, and it should be well analysed and combined with other
core drives; otherwise, it could be counterproductive. Combination of this core drive
with the ownership and possession is a popular technique used by many e-commerce
web pages, where users are awarded some discounts or prizes for their attendance with a
limited expiration time, and in order to save them, customers have to sign in or make a
purchase.

2.4. Users’ types
2.4.1. 4 Players’ types!
People are different, and skills/challenges sets are unique for most of them. So the
general motivational rules are applied but with some amendments on a personal level,
because the better the company knows the user, the easier it is to design a successful
gamified experience that will drive him to a desirable result.

Figure 9. 4 Player’s types (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011).

!

!

29

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
One of the works covering player’s types is written by Richard Bartle, who identified
four players’ types, which are described in figure 9 above (Zichermann & Cunningham,
2011).
Player’s type

Description

Explorer

Explorers want to see new things and discover new secrets. They
are not as bothered about points or prizes. For them, discovery is
the prize. Explorers are fine with repetitive tasks as long as they
eventually “unlock” a new area of the game.

Archiver

Achievers are all about points and status. They want to be able to
show their friends how they are progressing. They like to collect
badges and put them on display. This is the type of person who
responds particularly well to incentive schemes such as Air Miles,
where every additional mile collected is an achievement in its
own right.

Socialiser

The vast majority of players are Socialisers. That’s almost 80% of
people who play games. Socialisers experience fun in their games
through their interaction with other players. Socialisers are happy
to collaborate in order to achieve bigger and better things than
they could on their own.

Killer

Killers are similar to Achievers in the way that they get a thrill
from gaining points and winning status too. What sets them apart
from Achievers is that the Killers want to see other people lose.
They’re highly competitive, and winning is what motivates them.

Table 2. Player’s types (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011).
It is essential to mention that no one is exclusively a specific type from the list above,
instead combines several types. Furthermore, the person’s player type may change a few
times within a life period, affecting his motivation to interact in a gamified experience.
According to the book Gamification by design by Gabe Zichermann and Christopher
Cunningham (2011), the majority of people, more than 70%, are socialisers, explorers
and achievers each makes about 10% of the population, and killers account for 5%.

2.4.2. Stages of mastery
We have now described four players’ types, but obviously, each of them has a different
level of proficiency or «stages of mastery». In the late 1980s, Dreyfus performed
research analysing the stages of mastery. Figure 10 shows these stages as a mountain to
climb.

30

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Figure 10. Stages of mastery (Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011).
Dreyfus found five core levels: the first one -! Novice! - a person who, faced with the
experience for the first time, and a tool, platform seems to have little meaning. Novice
is followed by the! Problem solver, who on the contrary to him has some information
already and tries to find solutions, instructions and contact persons to receive
information. An Expert occupies the third level, the player already knows non-obvious
data for a simple user, such as a specific number, timings, forms. He steps into the next
level -! Master! - when he believes that he understands the procedure and controls the
process, he could even identify himself with the system and process, keeping in mind
his experience and knowledge in this field. The fifth level is a!Visionary, who not only
uses the system proficiently but is also enthusiastic in improving it. Surprisingly, no user
is expected to become a! visionary, in case the player accepts his level and prefers to
remain a!problem-solver!or!expert. The same applies to the gamified experience - once
the user is satisfied, he could quit the system at any time. It highlights the necessity to
provide the design to different levels of competencies, starting from!novice!and moving
to! visionary, thinking about gamified training, the first focus initially should be on
the!novice!and!problem-solving!levels; otherwise, most users cannot apply the tool until
they get proficient. Of course, the company must not lose the task for elder gamified
experience, but there is no need to start designing it without a specific necessity
(Zichermann & Cunningham, 2011). In chapter two, we introduced the frequent-flyer
programs, which could illustrate this as an example. When United Airlines’ Mileage
Plus frequent-flyer program began in the 1980s, it was not conceived that players would

!

!

31

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
ever reach the million-mile flown mark. United Airlines discovered that those users who
passed one million miles, reduced or stopped playing altogether. This meant that the
most loyal player simply gets out of the game because without a continuation nothing
motivated them to play. United Airlines added a three-million-mile reward and returned
their loyal players, keeping the challenges’ level in the game competitive enough for
them.

2.4.3. The multi-generational workforce
Currently, there are four distinct generations at work, including the Silent Generation
(born between 1928 and 1945), the Baby Boomer generation (born between 1946 and
1964), Generation X (born between 1965 and 1982) and the Millennial generation (born
between 1983 and 2001), which will grow to 75% by 2025 (Morrell, 2018). From
psychological and practical perspective younger and older employees have different
motivations and drives to knowledge achievement; the older workers with sufficient
working experience and knowledge are more oriented to the present and are more
selective with their resources used (Zabiboni et al., 2013). At the same time, younger
employees are more future-oriented and are interested in knowledge creation due to
possible impacts on their careers and increasing opportunities to obtain other
employment applying this experience.!
A group of researchers (James et al., 2011), observed that older employees are often less
engaged in education, waiting for their retirement, and are more focused on social
emotions.

Figure 11. Tasks and skills impact on older and younger employees (Zabiboni et al.,
2013).
!

!

32

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
The article Predicting employee engagement in an age-diverse retail workforce by
James et al., (2011), shows how some factors can affect employees, according to their
age differences, including supervisor support and recognition, schedule satisfaction, job
clarity, career development and promotion. All of them promote the motivation of
employees but have various impacts on older and younger employees (Pitt-Catsouphes,
& Matz-Costa, 2008). The details are given in figure 11.!
Moreover, tasks and skills diversity has an impact on employees, more negative
relations with younger employees relates to a task’s variety, where skills diversity has a
higher impact on older personnel. It is shown in figure 12.!

Figure 12. Summary of factors affecting employee engagement in older and younger
employees (James et al., 2011).
However, our research analyses on-the-job training for employees, from whom the
younger generation, Millennials present the most significant workforce nowadays,
therefore we will further review this group of employees in details.!
According to terminology, Millennials represent people who were born after 1983. The
alarmingly low loyalty levels by Millennials to companies proves a challenge to any
!

!

33

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
organisation employing them. Millennials no longer have the potential to shape the
fortunes of their organisations; many are already in positions to do so (Deloitte, 2016).!
Deloitte conducted one of the studies on this topic in 2016. Their research included
participants from 29 countries around the globe, who were born after 1983, have
obtained a college or university degree, are employed full-time, and predominantly
work in large (100+ employees), private sector organisations. The research opens
another lens through which motivation and loyalty of employees are perceived. These
perceptions help to introduce a broader picture to answer questions related to our
research and formulate a valuable framework solution. Nowadays, companies have to
take into consideration not only the psychological aspects of motivation but also the
existing tendency of unusually high turnover of employees. According to Deloitte’s
survey, if Millennials have the opportunity to move to another company, they will leave
their current employer - 44 per cent in only two years, two of every three - within four
years, and the alarming thing is that only 16 per cent of Millennials will stay in a
company longer than five years. For Millennials in senior positions, this tendency is
relatively the same. Figure 13 shows critical areas, including improving the skills,
income, and “satisfaction levels” of employees; creating jobs; and impacting positively
on users’ goods and services.!

Figure 13 . The perception of priority by Millennials (Deloitte, 2016).
Deloitte’s findings on Millennial turnovers corroborates with findings conducted by
Gallup. Gallup’s study examined workplace engagement and showed that only 29% of
Millennial workers reported being engaged, while 16% reported being actively
disengaged (Adkins, 2015). Millennials do not appear to value the role of work in their
lives, defined as work centrality, as much as previous generations. Within one of the

!

!

34

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
studies, conducted by Monitoring the Future, they determined the key differences
existed between high school seniors from each generation concerning attitudes toward
work centrality, leisure and rewards. Their results showed that Millennial employees’
attitudes differ in the workplace, compared to their Generation X and Baby Boomer
managers (Morrell, 2018). For Millennials, personal leisure time is more important than
the rankings from previous generations, having the highest score on wanting a job with
more than two weeks vacation and the lowest rank within three generations in
willingness to work overtime.
Concerning rewards, findings from Monitoring the Future showed that Millennials were
less inclined toward receiving both extrinsic and intrinsic rewards than Generation X
(Morrell, 2018). However, both studies conducted by Gallup and Deloitte found that
Millennials rank overall compensation behind 1) development and advancement
opportunities, 2) quality of manager, 3) quality of management, and 4) exciting work
(Deloitte, 2016). Therefore, companies should search for the right combination of
rewards, including both extrinsic and intrinsic, to recruit, motivate and retain Millennial
employees. These solutions should be customised to the employee for maximum
effectiveness, independently of his generation.

Chapter 3. Constructive research - a framework for the gamified
on-the-job training
Thus, so far we have mentioned and discussed different theories related to user’s
motivation based on 1) their needs, 2) player type, 3) stage of mastery, 4) correlation of
his skills and challenges in a training environment, 5) influence of his age, and 6) level
of loyalty to a company. In this study, we want to introduce a framework that will help
companies to implement successful on-the-job training which is personalised based on
the aspects mentioned above. While organising the structure of this study, we were
faced with a confusing topic related to the borders and the sphere of influence where
such a framework will be applied. As the above theories show, people’s motivation
correlates with the behavioural science and the way one is motivated to a desired action.
However, when starting to create a framework applying game mechanics we were
automatically shifted to the UX - user experience design, as the practical implications of
those theories end with the user - computer interaction in a training environment
(according to a specified and narrowed research question). Each lens of motivational
theories provides a specific practical solution for our framework, forming ideas on how
to implement it in a better way. As we are not planning to produce a specific design
solution, we stayed focused on the user experience only, not including UI - user
interface design, which will be the further development step for possible research.
Furthermore, we are not just creating a fun and gameful experience, instead, a businessfocused solution to decrease turnover, improve employees’ loyalty to a company,
increase work quality, improve subgroup’s relations with an enterprise, and other

35

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
possible business goals and needs. We assume that we will provide a solution for a
business, focusing on the specific needs of the company. Therefore, while designing a
user experience, the company should take into account business return on investments
(ROI), as a performance measure to evaluate the efficiency of an investment. The
definition of these three elements provides a picture of the sphere of influence of the
research’s framework we intend to introduce.
We could summarise, that previous subchapters have covered these three topics in detail
by discussing behavioural science, attainable business goals for on-the-job onboarding
training and existing core drives with corresponding game mechanics. Therefore, it is
time to present the framework for creating on-the-job training, taking into consideration
already mentioned core drives for employee’s motivation and suitable game mechanics
to accomplish them and, additionally, introducing previous studies that act as the
background models for the framework.

3.1. Research objectives and approach
This research was carried out in two phases related to the necessary activities of design
science: building and evaluating (March and Smith, 1995). In this statement, designscience is interpreted as constructive research with the movement from the initial state
to the final phase, aiming at constructing a new artefact. According to Lainema (2003),
the term artefact is used to describe something that is human-created, while March and
Smith (1995) differentiate four types of artefacts: constructs, models, methods and
instantiations. Prat et al. (2014), in their study about artefact evaluation in information
system design-science research, argued that design science in information systems lacks
a systematic list of evaluation criteria for artefacts, and that an associated set of
evaluation methods and evaluation criteria is fragmented in the literature. Therefore,
researchers created a list of information system artefact evaluations, which we will
adhere to in this study.
Simon (1996) views design artefacts as systems with their functions, goals and
evolution. Gregor (2010) also considered IT artefacts to be systems, as their
components include: 1) purpose - the concept of a goal, 2) scope - frontier with the
environment, 3) form - structure, 4) function - the activity of the artefact, 5) artefact
mutability - evolution (Gregor and Jones, 2007). From our point of view, information
system artefacts relate to the categories model and method from March and Smith’s
typology mentioned above and comply with the system dimensions theory followed by
Gregor. Such an outlook gives us a holistic approach to an artefact’s evaluation, its
criteria and dimensions.
Based on the classification mentioned above, we assume that the primary artefact of our
study is a ready-to-use framework for creating on-the-job onboarding training and
related knowledge. We settled upon following the classification provided by March and
Smith (1995) and evaluation methods established by Prat et al. (2014).

36

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
As discussed in chapter 3 this study, we will introduce a framework that might help
companies implement a successful personalised on-the-job training which is based on
various motivational theories. The structure of that artefact appears to be unique since it
is three-dimensional. The dimensions are the following: user experience design,
behaviour science and business ROI. Each lens of motivational theories provides a
specific practical solution for better functioning of our framework, business goals
impact tasks of the training, and the user experience design acts as a tool kit to
implement them in practice. Applying March and Smith’s methodology, we assume that
our artefact lies in the field of information system design science intending to evaluate
and develop a framework for on-the-job training development which reflects the
primary outcome of this thesis.
To find a suitable evaluation method, we addressed the study carried out by Prat et al.
(2014). Within various techniques, they indicate quantitative and qualitative forms of
evaluation (Cleven et al., 2009), analysis and logical reasoning or formal proof (Hevner
et al., 2004). Quantitative assessment leads to a measured or perceived numeric value.
Its objectivity characterises a measure (metric). Perceived value may be estimated
directly or through items. By varying the conditions of the four characteristics of the
evaluation criteria (a form of evaluation, secondary participant, level of assessment, and
relativeness to evaluation), multiple generic evaluation methods can be defined. Various
features can also specify a process. Based on the list of possible evaluation methods,
and given blurred lines between the framework’s intersections, we assume that the best
way to evaluate the effectiveness of an artefact is to apply the process «Demonstration
of the use of the artefact with one or several real examples». This method assesses two
criteria - goal and efficacy - in the form of analysis and logical reasoning.
Demonstrating the use of the information system artefact in one or several real
examples is a common way to verify the artefact’s efficacy. We will apply it in our
research by creating a new on-the-job onboarding training following four critical steps
of our framework for a specified narrowed list of employees, creating a list of user
experience characteristics to be further transferred into the user interface design.

3.2. The framework for creating on-the-job training
While presenting the PAT model in chapter two, we also mentioned that all factors person, task and artefact - should be analysed when developing a training, education
application or software. As flow experience provides the balance between challenges
and tasks, good usability of an educational resource increases the value of flow and the
user’s attention in the task, where the best outcome is a perfect correlation between
artefact, task and personal characteristics.

37

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Figure 14. Experiential gaming model (Kiili, 2005).
Figure 14 introduces the theory presented by Kristian Kiili (2005) in his research on
digital game-based learning. The author analysed educational games by integrating
educational theory, game design aspects, and the flow theory, resulting in the creation of
the experiential gaming model. The model consists of an ideation loop, an experience
loop and a challenging bank. The task of the first section is to sustain the user’s
motivation by providing appropriate challenges to him and successfully enforce flow
experience. After the ideation phase, the player tests solutions in the experience loop
and observes the outcomes of his chosen actions. The game should be usable and
provide clear goals and appropriate feedback to the user in order to facilitate! the
flow! experience (Kiili, 2005). The author stated that online learning environment
comprehension is facilitated by applying conversational tools, rational tutorials and
computer-based tutors. Only one solution leads to results, and gaming strengths are
connected to those schemata, one-sided activity may become exhausting for the user,
reducing his motivation in the long run. Generally, the task of the ideation loop is to
initiate creative solutions to be tested within the experience loop.
The trick of gameful experience is the increased likelihood of experience!flow as far as
the skills and challenges of the user are matched to each other. However, it is always
difficult to predict how quickly the user’s skills develop and match them to similar
challenges. One solution is to design training that is personalised to the user’s level or
provide the employee with the possibility to choose a corresponding level of difficulty.
The focused attention implied in the form of game features aims to support reflective

!

!

38

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
thinking and knowledge construction by focusing the attention of players to relevant
information from a learning point of view. The training environment should help the
user to focus on relevant information, reduce the excessive cognitive load and increase
the relevant cognitive load needed for knowledge construction (Kiili, 2005).
In our study, this gaming model provides a meaningful baseline for developing our
framework for creating on-the-job training. However, as it lacks any specific tools and
methods to gamify the training, we decided to apply the Octalysis framework (Yu-kai
Chou, 2016), which describes various gamified solutions, as a tool kit to establish
specific terms of game mechanics, core drives for the user’s motivation and concepts of
human-focused design.
The framework creation started with the initial review of a formative development
method for digital learning environments in learning communities (FODEM) created by
Jarkko Suhonen (2005). His idea was to provide a three-step method to create digital
learning tools and environments using FODEM: (1) needs analysis, (2) implementation,
and (3) formative evaluation. First, needs analysis specifications are defined. Secondly,
implementation, fast prototyping in authentic learning settings is emphasised. Thirdly,
formative evaluation is used to evaluate the use of the environment. We assume that the
structure of FODEM allows the development process and corresponding technical
design environment to be developed. However, FODEM does not analyse in detail the
first step, and the way the user’s motivation could be enriched; therefore, we see some
limitations before the model could be transferred to the next phase - technical design
environment. We focused our attention on that phase and created a framework for users,
such as HR, business managers and those responsible for a successful training
implementation within the business environment to increase one’s motivation and
loyalty to the company. The framework includes four key steps: 1) tasks, 2) methods, 3)
outcomes, and 4) risks.
The experiential framework model can be used to design and analyse gamified training.
However, the model works only as a link between motivational theories and game
design and does not provide the means to a whole game design project. Several issues
should be considered when designing on-the-job training that is not included in the
framework. Among steps and benchmarks introduced in the framework, the company
should also pay attention to the learning material, storyline, graphics and sound, various
combinations of skills/challenges within the path between boredom and anxiety, in the
zone of proximal development, to keep the user’s feeling of flow.
As mentioned in chapter three, we operate in the intersection within business ROI, user
experience design and behavioural science, wherefore, as a baseline for the framework
the initiator should provide business goals that management intends to reach. Within the
list of the company’s desired tasks and possible challenges, we intend to split the
enormous variations of answers into four sections: 1) attitudes and feelings, 2)
knowledge of the organisation, 3) knowledge of the job, 4) other. The initial intent for
such separation is to guide the inexperienced user within the framework to ease his job,

39

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
reducing the number of the evaluation cycles in the further steps. The framework shows
the correlation of tasks and outcomes, but they are split into two separate steps with a
methods key point in between, reasoning this solution with the logic behind both of
them. The first step intends to identify the goals and challenges within a training
environment, while the third step is focused on the user’s inner feelings (psychological
outcomes), perceived learning (technical and pedagogical outcomes), socialisation
(psychological and pedagogical outcomes), and other. Therefore, tasks from the first
step could have a connection to one or many outcomes depending on the viewing
perspective.
Based on initial input on the company’s tasks, the framework requires the user to fulfil
the following steps 2-3-4, by adding corresponding core drives, game mechanics,
identification of desired outcomes in the cross sections of four characteristics psychological, technical, pedagogical and other - and, finally, analysing possible
subsequent risks, such as anti-core drives or wrong outcomes. Keeping in mind the
cyclical nature of the framework, the fourth step within the first evaluation cycle is not
the end phase and requires the user to rectify all results by returning to section two
repeatedly and enter changes to the chosen gamified methods. In the following
evaluation cycle, the user may finalise desired methods to be applied and assess
corresponding risks as being negligible for a company that, conversely, will move the
framework to the final stage of the process - a ready-to-use description for the user
interface designers and programmers. Figure 15 visualises the steps mentioned above
with an easy-to-follow colourful map that guides the user toward a desired result.

40

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Figure 15. Framework for creating on-the-job training.

!

!

41

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

3.3. Framework evaluation - the creation of on-the-job onboarding
training
The theoretical framework has to be proven and tested within a working environment,
firstly, by identifying any weak points to be changed and, secondly, by reinvigorating it
in real-life conditions. Driven by the relentless pursuit of an idea to facilitate and
support better development of trainings for employees, which includes highly
motivational and valuable content and user experience, we wanted to create a useful
tool for business to decrease development costs and workload, and at the same time
improve employees’ loyalty to the company and reduce the turn-over of newly recruited
personnel.
Once the employee enters the company, his first working experience, among others, is
the onboarding process which includes on-the-job training. The issue of the importance
of onboarding training was introduced in chapter 2, describing business benefits and the
list of advantages for the enterprise, identifying such training as one of the most
beneficial investments of a company’s capital. According to Richard H. Pfau (1998), all
employees should be oriented or introduced when they join an organisation and
transferred within it or be promoted. Today, in many companies, this orientation is
poorly organised, and their practice has resulted in lower productivity, and insufficient
customer and employee satisfaction and decreased expected learning outcomes.
However, by applying our framework, we anticipate that these challenges will be
solved. The evaluation of this framework demanded a thorough financial and business
approach from the managerial perspective to tackle the company’s goals for on-the-job
training. As identified in chapter two Motivational theories, a target group of users
should be determined to personalise their experience. Therefore, we decided to narrow
down the list of labour to a specified type of users, which would act as the subject for
our evaluation. The selection criteria for this list were defined under the relation of the
specified employees and the whole personnel. It is essential to mention that among all
the theories, there is a countless list of various characteristics and segregations.
However, due to the study’s size limitations, we will focus only on the previously
described motivational theories and features analysed before. Therefore, the narrowed
down list will include Millennials, socialisers, new employees. Given this focus group,
we created a list of possible challenges within a company and goals for onboarding
training and listed them in table 3. We realise this list is by no means exhaustive, as
different sectors of the economy and even departments within one enterprise may have
various visions and open tasks for such training.

42

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

1. TASKS
Attitudes and Feelings

Knowledge of
the Organisation

Knowledge of the
Job

Other

Welcome new
employees and help
them to feel at home.

To acquaint new
employees with
the
organisation’s
background,
goals,
philosophies,
management
style, structure,
products, and
services.

To communicate
from the start of
employment what
the organisation
expects in terms of
work performance
and behaviour.

Acquaint
newcomers with
their fellow
employees.

Put the employee at
ease.

To present
information on
organisational
policies,
procedures,
compensation
practices, and
benefits.

Deliver essential
information on the
employment
relationship.

Orient newcomers
to their physical
surroundings so
that they can
function
effectively.

To promote the
personal well-being of
beginning workers.

Give newcomers
an understanding
of the rules and
conditions under
which they will
work.

To transmit the
Promote two-way
culture of the
communication.
system to beginning
workers.

To reduce the common
anxiety of new
employees and help
them feel a part of the
organisation.

To give new
employees
accurate and
useful
information
about the
organisation, the
employee
services it offers,
and the
personnel
policies that will
affect them as
well as all other
employees.

To impress upon
new employees the
importance of their
roles in ensuring
complete customer
satisfaction.

Assimilate the
employee into the
organization.

43

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

1. TASKS
Develop in new hires a
feeling of belonging
together and a sense of
satisfaction in being
members of the
organisation.

To satisfy
mandated
requirements
created to
introduction and
certification.

Maintain the
motivation of new
hires, or their desire to
succeed, at the same
level, or higher than
that at which they
joined the
organization.
Develop positive
perceptions about the
organisation.
To promote in new
employees positive
attitudes about their
jobs and the
organization.
Build an identification
with the organisation.
Bring about a
commitment of new
hires to organisational
goals.
Develop in new hires
an acceptable
conformity to the
organisation’s formal
and informal rules of
behaviour.
Establish high
performance
expectations.
Confirm the
employee’s decision to
join the organisation.

44

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

1. TASKS
To increase the
retention of promising
beginning workers.
To encourage a spirit
of inquiry in new
employees show them
how to learn, and assist
them in the acquisition
of additional
knowledge.
To convey to
employees the
importance of their
jobs to the overall
success of the
company and to make
them feel a part of the
team from the first day
of work.
Table 3. Tasks. (Adjusted from Pfau, 1998).
Table 3 lists company’s tasks for on-the-job onboarding training. They are divided into
four intersections, corresponding to their background: 1) attitudes and feelings, 2)
knowledge of the organisation, 3) knowledge of the job, 4) other. As mentioned before,
this list hardly covers all possible challenges and goals, but it provides an apparent list
with a clear structure, easily adjustable for any enterprise, based on its needs.
Depending on the cumulative number of chosen goals in the table, the user has to
identify which core drives are dominant and wisely apply the number of gamified
methods aiming at those specific goals. According to our tasks, among all of the
challenges we assume the most valuable and essential are - attitudes and feelings,
therefore, we aim for the following core drives for on-the-job onboarding training: core
drive one - epic meaning and calling, core drive three - empowerment of creativity and
feedback, core drive five - social influence and relatedness, core drive seven unpredictability and curiosity. As far as the definition and the list of core drives belong
to Yu-Kai Chou and his Octalysis framework, we assume that it would be reasonable to
add the visual representation of the chosen core drives in the form of the original
Octalysis Framework picture (figure 16), as well as the list of possible game mechanics
to be applied. However, it is not necessary to apply them all at once, but rather the list
should be narrowed down based on the company’s resources, available labour,
timeframe and further business circumstances.

45

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

Figure 16. Core drives and game mechanics for onboarding on-the-job training
(Adjusted from Chou, 2016).
In the previous chapter, we discussed that intrinsic motivation is derived with the help
of core drives 3,5,7. Therefore, the actionable way to add intrinsic motivation into the
training is to think about how to implement those core drives. The onboarding process
for an employee is the right time to introduce the epic meaning and calling, keeping in
the mind the low level of loyalty to the company in our target group, for example, by
adding a story about the significance of the experience and why the user is unique for
this task or challenge like most games apply. However, unnecessary long text or video
should be avoided when introducing the topic. What most studies suggest is a 1-min
animated video or a sliding storyboard that has 3-4 images along with 1-3 sentences,,
allowing users to absorb information at their own pace.
As our target group consists of Millennials, socialisers and new employees, the fifth
core drive social influence and relatedness is among those mostly demanded. As we
have stated before, possible business include: 1) create a feeling of belonging together
and a sense of satisfaction in being members of the organisation; 2) develop an

!

!

46

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
acceptable conformity to the organisation’s formal and informal rules of behaviour; 3)
to convey to employees the importance of their jobs to the overall success of the
company and to make them feel a part of the team from the first day of work. In order to
facilitate these tasks, experienced employees should establish a mentorship for
newcomers within a training environment, that applies various methods from core drive
five. It is much better to foster collaborative play within the desired action, where users
can help each other, socialise, and grow together. Another option is to add more group
quests where users can work together, apply their unique knowledge, and accomplish
tasks collectively, which in fact would make the activity itself more joyful and
motivating to all team members.
In many cases, it is reasonable to introduce some mystery or unpredictability in order to
motivate experienced users to participate in the training, like in a popular TV series
every episode is intriguing by a continuously built feeling of suspense, which leads
users to continually think about what will come next and prevents user’s drop out. Some
of the game mechanics imply variable reward, which is likely to build positive
anticipation and unpredictability. Of course, the reward itself is extrinsic motivation, but
when it is variable, it involves intrinsic excitement, a company should also take into
account the action to obtain rewards, it has to be relatively short and easy.
Furthermore, empowerment of creativity and feedback makes the process more
“playful” and generates ever-green mechanics that keep the user engaged. The user
experience design should allow users to make meaningful choices to craft their own
experiences, choose different paths to obtain various power-ups that work together
towards different goals, and optimise the combination of such paths. Invoking the flow
theory and allowing users to personalise their training in the preferred way to strategise
and optimise the combination of skills and challenges, the training’s environment keeps
the path between boredom and anxiety, in the zone of proximal user’s development.
Among many implications of flow theory in practice are increased learning (Skadberg
& Kimmel, 2004), increased exploratory behaviour (Webster 1993), an acceptance of
information technology (Ghani, 1991) and perceived behavioural control. Most of them
are shown in the list of possible challenges and tasks (table 3), therefore, contributing to
a sufficient level of flow for the specific user will implicate the outcomes as mentioned
above.
Following the four-step framework model, we are automatically transferred to the third
step – outcomes. Table 4 summarises outcomes based on their origin - 1) psychological,
2) technical, 3) pedagogical, 4) other.

47

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

3. OUTCOMES
Psychological

Technical

Pedagogical

Other

Get introduced to Get information T o a c q u a i n t n e w Reduced dropout rate
company’s mission about Company’s employees with the
and goals

Software and o r g a n i s a t i o n ’ s
applications

background, goals,
philosophies,
management style,
structure, products, and
services.

Develop in new

G e t k n o w l e d g e o n Improved and faster

hires a feeling of

Company,

belonging together

products, commitment ti

m a i n onboarding process

the Customer and
Company’s history
Build

an

G e t a r e v i e w o f Effective

identification with

company’s procedures introduction to the

the organisation

and instructions

and employees

physical
surroundings to
promote successful
functionality

Social integration

Improved knowledge of
Company’s Software
and applications
necessary for a job

Table 4. Outcomes.
We should mention that under outcomes, we analyse the user’s level of perception, not a
company’s level. For example, the improved knowledge of a company’s software and
applications necessary for the position, on the user’s level will indirectly impact the
outcomes on the company’s level by reducing the number of mistakes within the
working process, decreasing working hours and raising productivity. As we focus on

48

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
user’s motivation by applying this framework and in order to avoid confusion and
misinterpretation, we include in the list only outcomes relevant for the employee, not
the company. The same approach is applied to the perception’s level of risks, taking into
consideration the indirect gains or losses for the enterprise at the final stage.
In this evaluation, we focus on the on-the-job onboarding training and from the game’s
perspective, it is one of the initial steps of a gamified experience - discovery and
onboarding phases. Both of them introduce the training environment, company, tasks
for the new employee and therefore, should be designed and developed correspondingly.
According to Yu-Kai Chou (2016), to attract the user into an experience, it is better to
use extrinsic rewards, and later turning to intrinsic rewards to ensure their long term
engagement. It would make users enjoy the activity itself, focusing on relishing the
experience without thinking about gains and benefits (extrinsic rewards). The London
School of economics, after many studies, stated that financial incentives might reduce
intrinsic motivation and diminish ethical or other reasons for complying with workplace
social norms such as fairness. As a consequence, the provision of incentives can result
in a negative impact on overall performance (Irlenbusch, 2009). The experience in
onboarding training should involve playful, fun activities, affecting user’s creativity and
keeping his mind in a flexible and dynamic condition, otherwise with offered rewards
one’s mind turns to complete a task, reducing the playful creativity and overall
performance.
Therefore, the combination of extrinsic and intrinsic motivations should be well
analysed to avoid anti-motivational effect on the user, focusing on intrinsic motivation
and user’s creativity, even though it is much harder to implement. Epic meaning and
calling used as a core drive one could be one of those ever-green game mechanics and
intrinsic motivator for the user, as it applies as a background the humanity and cocreation (as well as the same-named game mechanics), involving the user in the
company’s mission.
One of the game mechanics under core drive social influence and relatedness is
competition, which needs to be thoroughly analysed while implementing competitions
in the workplace. Unclear or dysfunctional workplace competition would lead to daily
stress instead of increased user’s motivation automatically harming an enterprise. The
stressful environment could lead to increased burnout and dropout rate. One of such
examples is an employee’s promotion based on rankings among his peers.
Therefore, workplace competition could be a destructive instrument on the one hand.
Conversely, collaborative team dynamics are much more motivational, where the entire
company stays competitive against the industry giants that are stagnant and competing
internally, for example, by applying a collaborative group quest as a game mechanic.
Group quest is an opposed action to an individualised leaderboard, where collaborative
play helps preserve and improve a positive corporate culture, as well as support and
encourage the development of talent and skills. At the same time, it increases

49

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
competitive strength where it matters – outside the marketplace. Group quests are very
useful in collaborative play as well as viral marketing because it requires group
participation before any individual user can achieve the Win-State.
After the first evaluation round, we could also provide some already proven gamified
methods that could be useful for creating on-the-job training for our target group of
users. Below we describe a few of them in this subchapter to give the reader a broader
vision of possible solutions.
In order to meet psychological outcomes stated in table 4 above, including 1)
developing a feeling of belonging together; 2) social integration, and such pedagogical
outcomes as 1) get a review of company’s procedures and instructions, the company
could imply mentorship. It is a powerful tool in every medium of activity that requires
sustained motivation, such as on-the-job training. Mentorship could provide directional
guidance, emotional support and reduce time-consuming actions. This practice has
endured for centuries and confirms its benefits and efficacy in the onboarding phase of
members joining the organisation, and a mentor helps new employees connect with the
culture and working environment. For the experienced users (according to the theory on
stages of mastery, being presented in the second chapter) this method could be
beneficial, as it keeps them engaged during the whole process. In terms of on-the-job
training, we could imply this tool as a gamified method for improved core drive five social influence and relatedness. It would help new employees and in turn would receive
accumulated mentorship hours, that are exchangeable on extrinsic or intrinsic rewards.
Within this collaborative play, the users not only learn and socialise but also grow
together. Also, consider adding in more Group Quests where users can work together,
utilise their unique strengths, and accomplish tasks together. It frequently makes an
experience more intrinsically motivating and enjoyable.
Among ever-green gamified methods are those related to empowerment of creativity
and feedback. It could be archived by adding constraints to player choices, create an
interface that guides the user towards desired actions, add visual and audio support to
attract the user’s attention to the training environment. Users could personalise the level
of difficulty and decide on their own whether to play it safe or to take a risk. Variability
of levels’ difficulty is one of those options that could also attract experienced users in
the gameful experience, promoting mentorship as a mediated result. By using
techniques that are designed for curiosity and unpredictability, companies can drive
their users to engage with training and retain them much longer. However, by giving a
choice to personalise the level of difficulty, the enterprise should still guide the user
toward desired actions and exclude stumbling situations, when the users cannot figure
out what to do.
Curiosity could be accomplished by using a mystery box gamified method when the
user expects a reward, but its content is unknown, building positive anticipation and

50

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
unpredictability. Keeping in mind that a reward itself is extrinsic, the company should
better add a layer of intrinsic excitement to it, focusing on curiosity first.
We have identified beneficial gamified methods that could be implied for creating onthe-job training, even within this list the question lies in how to implement, not only the
method itself, such as quests and competition, for example. Therefore, in practice, a few
evaluation circles should be brainstormed before the final state can be reached, and the
model could be transferred to user interface design stage.

3.3.1. Framework discussion with the target group of users
To evaluate the framework model from the user perspective, we decided to conduct a
series of five interviews with five people, including three university students with
different working experiences, one worker with secondary education with five years of
employment history and one middle-level manager with ten years of working
experience in international companies. All of them are Millennials and socialisers; three
out of five users will start their working careers this year. The author of the study
presented them the framework for creating on-the-job training and asked the same list of
open-questions; all interviews were held separately with each participant and took one
to two hours in total. All results were recorded, summarised and analysed for any
similarities and shared ideas. The most relevant and useful comments for further studies
are listed here using the user’s quotations and author’s analytics at the end.
All five participants stated that they clearly understood the meaning, goal and outcomes
of the framework, and they would recommend applying it in the working environment.
As far as they also fall within our target group of users (Millennials, socialisers, new
employees), we asked them about their perception of such kinds of gamified training.
All five users replied that they would prefer to use gamified training in their working
environment rather than simple e-learning materials and that it would increase their
loyalty to the employer’s enterprise. This result correlates with the Deloitte survey
(Deloitte, 2016) and the gamification survey conducted by TalentLMS (TalentLMS,
2019) presented in chapter two, which confirms the assumption that gamification should
be introduced in on-the-job training to increase user’s motivation and engagement.
TalentLMS showed their results with the key findings corresponding to the received
feedback, where almost nine in ten employees feel happier when they use gamified
software at work, and as the additional benefit of gamified experience is boosted,
competition and easiness among 89% of the users creates more productivity at work.
TalentLMS involved almost 600 millennial employees, with an average age of 37 years,
in their survey on gamification at work. By using gamified software instead of a
theoretical model, they could examine the gamified solutions from a practical
perspective. In contrast, we received an expected response and reaction to the gamified
training from users in the interviews, based on their expectations.

51

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
The form of the framework, colour palette, links and directions are easy to follow and
understandable. The easiest step for three participants was the fourth step, namely the
risks, as they had some information in that regard from their own work-life experience
and university studies. The other two users expressed their full understanding of the
business goal and task creation steps. All participants agreed that the second step,
namely, the methods, seemed to be the most difficult to implement as it required
additional knowledge on various subjects, such as behaviour science, user experience
design, motivational theories, gamified methods and previous market’s solutions.
While discussing various gamified methods, one student stated that: "group quests
would enrich the trainee’s experience and help me to socialise with my teammates, and
it would be easier for me to keep in contact by applying social networking at the
beginning of the online training platform than by real-life communication". Four out of
five participants within reasonable methods for socialisation stated that mentorship
applied to enrich user experience is a perfect solution and would be highly ranked by
them.
As far as the framework connects businesses with programmers and developers, a few
questions were related to the manager’s thinking, and the user was asked to think as a
middle-level manager to analyse his further actions based on the framework. One
participant mentioned: “Assuming that I am a manager and want to implement such
training, this means that I should exactly know my personnel, which is not mandatory
correct; therefore, I will lack knowledge of the psychological characteristics of my
personnel and therefore could apply the wrong core drives and game mechanics.” She
further stated that there is a necessity to “extend the framework covering user types of
analytics for those managers who lack knowledge on their personal, psychological
education, background and understanding of motivational theories”.
The middle-level manager from the HR department stated that the framework could
have a visible impact on the training’s development process, but from her perspective
“to connect business managers and programmers/ designers in the negotiation phase an
experienced person or a team with the knowledge in the question of gamification,
motivational theories and user experience design would be of great help to apply the
framework correctly and to avoid any additional evaluation rounds. It will lead to a
reduction of costs».
Other valuable feedback relates to different levels of authority in international
companies, stating that those accountable for the development and implementation of
training are not mandatory aware about company’s business tasks; therefore, the first
step will be split in time and within accountability. One participant asked if it would be
possible to extend the evaluation circle to include negotiation on tasks and goals on the
second and further rounds, as those responsible for training development and suitable
game mechanics are not mandatorily accountable for the detection of business goals and
needs. «It could happen that the process will be split in time after each evaluation round

52

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
to receive feedback from all accountable employees within teams, which makes the
process time and money consuming».
All of the participants agreed that from a management perspective, they would assume
to get predefined solutions for different users’ groups, as well as survey results on
previous successful gamified training, including the list of outcomes with percentages
and identified risks to be avoided in their companies.

Chapter 4. Conclusion
In this research, web-based learning software and applications, including on-the-job
training, are analysed from the perspective of users’ motivation to join this endeavour,
rather than their learning content, or purely entertaining activities. The thesis presents
the construction process of the framework model that can be used to create on-the-job
training in a way to make them user-focused, providing the feeling of flow and enriching
users’ experience with motivational gamification methods. The framework helps
designers and programmers infer the underlying logic of training with the game, moving
from purely declarative knowledge to gamified solutions that emphasise creative
problem-solving, knowledge creation and adaptation of information. Among other
benefits, we observe the increasing social interaction, identification with the
organisation and employees, higher commitment to the company’s goals and missions
combined with an increased sense of loyalty for the company.
The principal objective of this thesis was to introduce the framework model that would
support business while creating on-the-job training, aiming at increasing employees’
motivation and loyalty for the company. The framework includes four key step: 1)Tasks,
2) Methods, 3) Outcomes, 4) Risks, and was presented in the third chapter with clear
descriptions of every of the above-mentioned development key points. Generally, the
framework could be used to design and analyse gamified trainings; however, the model
serves only as a liaison between motivational theories and game design and does not
provide the means to a whole game design process. Several issues should be considered
when designing on-the-job training that are not included in the framework, as they lie
beyond the scope of this research - including learning material, storyline, graphics,
sound and various combinations of skills/challenges in the path of flow experience.
Critical to the success of any gamification in educational or training environment is the
effective instructional content, because the gamification itself cannot replace instruction,
but instead improve it. Various studies in the educational field confirm such limitations
of gamified education, providing partially positive or mixed results. The root cause of
mixed or opposing outcomes may derive from insufficient instructional content,
achievement-oriented methods or improper evaluation of motivational aspects. The
adoption of gamification, demographic factors and user’s perception have to be
considered while implementing gamification.

53

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
In the third chapter of this paper, the experiential framework was studied through onthe-job onboarding training. The framework turned out to be a useful tool in analysing
business needs in this sector, as well as various factors that motivate employees to
actively participate in the training environment and determining possible risks that
could cause demotivation of the personnel. This framework’s implementation in
onboarding training processes provides us with a good starting point to further develop
this theory as well as evaluate and measure the framework’s efficacy and applicability,
going beyond on-the-job training.
In the first evaluation, we conducted several interviews to present the framework to
users and get their perception on the framework’s applicability. All participants stated
that they clearly understood the meaning, goal and outcomes of the framework and
would recommend for their working environment. Moreover, they have suggested some
practical solutions that could enrich the framework, for example, the insertion of
predefined solutions for different users’ groups.
We assume that the first evaluation should be extended to measure the level of
effectiveness of the final product - onboarding training, created based on this
framework. For instance, there are two types of data needed to be collected to obtain a
better understanding of how well an onboarding program operates. The first is
quantitative, and the second is qualitative. Quantitative data is numeric information that
can be easily tracked and measured. This information is supposed to reflect the changes
in retention rates and productivity as long-term measurements, and number of trainings
completed, as well as total hours within the training environment, number of
publications in local social networking systems, leaderboards rates, which are shortterm measurements, that are easier to attain. It helps obtain insights as to what is
working and what is not. Qualitative data is information that can be observed rather than
counted. This information can be gathered by conducting interviews and surveys.
Asking employees about their thoughts and feelings about their onboarding experience
allows us to better understand the feedback and emotions behind the numbers. Together
this information can give one a comprehensive picture of how effective the onboarding
program is currently and if any areas need to be improved.
Further evaluations could also have another way of perception. Instead of creating a
new training based on the framework, the study could examine already existing training
systems and try to validate which tasks the enterprise had, what core drives they applied
successfully, which outcomes they have received based on that training environment
and, most importantly, what are the possible upgrading options for enhancement of their
employees’ motivation. Both evaluations in the future would help bring this study to the
next level, focusing on various solutions for extending the framework to enrich its
usability and applicability, as well as add new dimensions to make it possible to apply
the model to changeable user types.
This study used several previous gaming models, as well as the formative development
method for digital learning environments in learning communities and a list of game

54

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
mechanics from the Octalysis framework. However, keeping in mind the growing trend
of gamification’s popularity, this list of possible game mechanics is continuously
expanding, providing us with a baseline for further tools in creating trainings. Such
technologies as augmented reality could offer future directions for gamified solutions
going beyond the diversity of experiences that game mechanics currently can afford.

55

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training

References
Adkins, A. (2015). Majority of US employees not engaged despite gains in 2014.
Retrieved March 1, 2020, from https://news.gallup. com/poll/181289/majorityemployees-not-engaged-despite-gains-2014.aspx.
Bunchball. (2010). “Gamification 101: An Introduction to the Use of Game Mechanics
to Influence Behavior.” Retrieved October 10, 2019, from http://www.bunchball.com/
sites/default/files/downloads/gamification101.pdf.
Centeno, C. (2013). JRC Scientific and Policy Reports: The Potential of Digital Games
for Empowerment and Social Inclusion of Groups at Risk of Social and Economic
Exclusion: Evidence and Opportunity for Policy. Luxembourg: Publications Office of
the European Union.
Chen, H., Wigard, R. & Nilan, M.S. (1999). Optimal experience of web activities.
Computers in Human Behaviour, 15, 585-608.
Chou, Yu-kai. (2016). Actionable Gamification: Beyond Points, Badges, and
Leaderboards. Fremont (CA) : Octalysis Group.
Cleven, A., Gubler, P. and Hüner, K. M. (2009). Design alternatives for the evaluation
of design science research artifacts. Proc. of DESRIST'09, Philadelphia, PA, pp. 1-8.
Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1991). Flow: The psychology of Optimal Experience. New York:
Harper Perennial.
Deci, E. L., and Ryan, R. M. (2000) The ‘what’ and ‘why’ of goal pursuits: Human
needs and the self-determination of behaviour, Psychological Inquiry 11(4): 227-268.
Deloitte. (2016) The 2016 Deloitte Millennial Survey. Retrieved December 10, 2019
from https://www2.deloitte.com/content/dam/Deloitte/global/Documents/AboutDeloitte/gx-millenial-survey-2016-exec-summary.pdf.
Deterding, S., Sicart, M., Nacke, L., O’Hara, K., & Dixon, D. (2011). Toward a
definition. Proceedings of the CHI 2011 Gamification Workshop, Vancouver, British
Columbia, Canada.
Deterding, S., Dixon, D., Khaled, R., & Nacke, L. (2011). From game design elements
to gamefulness: defining gamification. In Proceedings of the 15th international
academic MindTrek conference, Tampere, Finland, September 28–30, pp. 9–15.
European Commission. (2014). “Founding Opportunities.” Retrieved November 20,
2019, from https://ec.europa.eu/research/participants/data/ref/h2020/wp/2014_2015/
main/h2020-wp1415-leit-ict_en.pdf.
Finneran, C.M., Zhang, P. (2003). A person-artefact-task (PAT) model of flow
antecedents in computer-mediated environments. International Journal of HumanComputer Studies, 59, 475-496).

56

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Fuchs, M., Fizek, S., Ruffino, P., Schrape, N. (Eds.). (2014). Meson press, Hybrid
Publishing Lab, Leuphana University of Lüneburg, Germany.
Ghani, J.A. (1991). Flow in human-computer interactions: test of a model. In J. Carey
(ED.), Human factors in management information systems: emerging theoretical bases.
Ablex, New Jersey: Publishing Corp.
Ghani, J. & Deshpande, S. (1994). Task characteristics and the experience of optimal
flow in human-computer interaction. The Journal of Psychology, 128, 381-391.
Gregor, S. (2010). Building theory in a practical science. In Information systems
foundations: the role of design science (Eds Gregor, S. and Hart, D.). Australian
National University Press, Canberra, Australia, 51-74.
Gregor, S. and Jones, D. (2007). The anatomy of a design theory. Journal of the
Association for Information Systems, 8 (5), 312-335.
Gutwin, C., Flatla, D.R., Nacke, L.E., Bateman, S., Mandryk, R.L. (2011). Calibration
Games: Making Calibration Tasks enjoyable by adding Motivating Game Elements.
Retrieved March 1, 2020, from https://www.researchgate.net/publication/
220877091_Calibration_Games_Making_Calibration_Tasks_Enjoyable_by_Adding_M
otivating_Game_Elements.
Ha, A. (2014). Netflix’s Neil Hunt Says Personalised Recommendations Will Replace
The Navigation Grid. TechCrunch. Retrieved December 10, 2019 from http://
techcrunch.com/2014/05/19/netflix-neil-hunt-internet-week/.
Hamari, J. (2015). Gamification - Motivations & Effects. Aalto University publication
series Doctoral Dissertations, 11/2015.
Hamari, J., Koivisto, J., Sarsa, H. (2014). Does gamification Work? A literature Review
of Empirical Studies on Gamification. 47th Hawaii International Conference on System
Science.
Hamari, J., Shernoff, D., Rowe, E., Coller, B., Asbell-Clarke, J., Edwards T. (2016).
Challenging games help students learn: An empirical study on engagement, flow and
immersion in game-based learning. Computers in Human Behaviour 54 (2016) p.
170-179.
Hevner, A. R., March, S. T., Park, J. and Ram, S. (2004). Design science in information
systems research. MIS Quarterly, 28 (1), 75-105.
Heyman, J., Orhun, Y., Ariely, D. (2004). Auction Fever: The effect of Opponents and
Quasi-endowment on Product Valuations. Journal of Interactive Marketing.
Huotari, K., Hamari, J. (2012). Defining Gamification - A Service Marketing
Perspective. In Proceedings of the 16th International Academic Mindtrek Conference,
Tampere, Finland, October 3-5, 2012. Association for Computing Machinary (ACM).
17-22.

57

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Huotari, K., & Hamari, J. (2017). A definition for gamification: Anchoring gamification
in the service marketing literature. Electronic Markets, 27(1), 21–31.
Irlenbusch, B. (2009). LSE: When Performance-Related Pay Backfires. London School
of Economics and Political Science.
James, J. B., Mckechnie, S., & Swanberg, J. (2011). Predicting employee engagement in
an age-diverse retail workforce. Journal of Organizational Behavior, 173-196.
Järvinen, P. (2004). On research methods. Tampere: Juvenes-Print.
Kahneman, D. (2013). Thinking, Fast and Slow. Farrar, Straus and Giroux. New York,
NY.
Killi, K. (2005). On educational Game Design: Building Blocks of flow experience.
Tampere University of Technology. Publication 571. Thesis for the degree of Doctor of
Philosophy.
Kiili, K. (2005). Digital game-based learning: Towards an experiential gaming model.
Internet and Higher Education 8, 13-24.
Koivisto, J., Hamari, J. (2019). The rise of motivational information systems: A review
of gamification research. International Journal of Information Management 45 (2019),
191-210.
Lainema, T. (2003). Enhancing organisational business process perception Experiences from construction and applying a dynamic business simulation game. Ph.D.
Thesis, Turku School of Economics and Business Administration, Series A-5:2003.
Landers, R.N. (2015). Developing a Theory of Gamified Learning: Linking Serious
Games and Gamification of Learning. Simulation & Gaming, p. 1-17.
Majuri, J., Koivisto, J., Hamari, J. (2018). Gamification of education and learning: A
review of empirical literature. Published in Proceedings of the 2nd International
GamiFIN Conference (GamiFIN 2018) pp. 11-19.
March, S. T. and Smith, G. F. (1995). Design and natural science research on
information technology. Decision Support Systems, 15 (4), 251-266.
McGonigal, J. (2011). Reality is Broken: Why Games Make Us Better and How They
Can Change the World. New York: Penguin Press.
Michael, D., & Chen, S. (2005). Serious games: Games that educate, train, and inform.
Boston, MA: Thomson Course Technology.
Morrell, D.L. (2018). Millennial Motivation Issues Related to Compensation and
Benefits: Suggestions for Improved Retention. Compensation and Benefits Review, Vol.
50(2), p. 107-113.

58

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Morozov, E. (2013). To Save Everything, Click Here. Technology, Solutionism and the
Urge to Fix Problems That Don’t Exist. London, New York: Penguin.
Pfau, R.H. (1998). Employee Orientation. Guidelines for Action. P 33-36. The
Workforce Training Group.
Pink, H. D. (2011). Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us. Penguin
Press.
Pitt-Catsouphes, M., & Matz-Costa, C. (2008). The multi-generational workforce:
Workplace flexibility and engagement. Community, Work & Family, 215-229.
Prat, N., Comyn-Wattiau, I. & Akoka, J. (2014). Artifact evaluation in Information
Systems Design Science Research - a Holistic view. PACIS 2014 Proceedings.
Ryan, R. M., Rigby, C. S., and Przybylski, A. (2006). The motivational pull of video
games: A self- determination theory approach, Motivation and Emotion 30(4): 344-360.
Schell, J. (2014). The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses, Second Edition. A K
Peters/CRC Press; 2 edition (November 6, 2014).
Simon, H. (1996). The sciences of the artificial. 3rd edition. The MIT Press, Cambridge,
MA.
Skadberg. Y.X., Kimmel. J.R. (2004). Visitors’ flow experience while browsing a web
site: its measurement, contributing factors, and consequences. Computers in Human
Behaviour, 20, 403-422.
Strati, A. D., Shernoff, D. J., & Kackar, H. Z. (2012). Flow. In R. Levesque (Ed.),
Encyclopedia of adolescence (pp. 1050e1059). New York: Springer.
Suhonen, J. (2005). A formative development method for digital learning environments
in sparse learning communities. Ph.D. Thesis, University of Joensuu.
TalentLMS. (2019). The 2019 Gamification at Work Survey. Retrieved December 10,
2019 from https://www.talentlms.com/blog/gamification-survey-results/?aff=eli#33%
% 2 0 w o u l d % 2 0 l i k e % 2 0 m o r e % 2 0 g a m e like%20features%20in%20their%20employee%20training%20software.
Webster, J., Trevino, L. K., & Ryan, L. (1993). The dimensionally and correlate of flow
in human - computer interaction. Computer in Human Behaviour. 9, 411-426.
Zagal, J. P., Mateas, M., Fernandez-Vara, C., Hochhalter, B., & Lichti, N. (2005).
Towards an ontological language for game analysis. Proceedings of International
DiGRA Conference: Changing Views - Worlds in Play (Vancouver, Canada, June 16–
20, 2005).
Zaniboni, S., Truxillo, D. M., & Fraccaroli, F. (2013). Differential effects of task variety
and skill variety on burnout and
turnover intentions for older and younger
workers. European Journal of Work and Organizational Psychology, 306-317.

59

Julia Zhigulina: A framework for creating gamified on-the-job training
Zichermann, G. (2012). “The Code of Gamification Ethics.” Gamification.co, December
10. http://www.gamification.co/2012/12/10/code-of-gamification-ethics/.
Zichermann, G. & Cunningham C. (2011). Gamification by Design. Sebastobol:
O’Reilly Media.

60

