Melanie Rydgren

Humanoid robots in healthcare – a quantitative study about
students’ attitudes

Master’s Thesis
CARING SCIENCE
Author: Melanie Rydgren
Supervisors: PhD student
Malin Andtfolk, Assoc. Prof.
Linda Nyholm
Department of Caring Science,
Faculty of Education and
Welfare Studies
Åbo Akademi University
2020

Melanie Rydgren

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY

Faculty of Education and Welfare Studies,
Department of Caring Science

Author:
Supervisors:

Melanie Rydgren
PhD student Malin Andtfolk, Assoc. Prof.
Linda Nyholm

Master’s thesis
CARING SCIENCE

Humanoid robots in healthcare – a
quantitative study about students’ attitudes

Keywords:

Humanoid robot, robotics, students, attitude,
robot attitude scale

May 2020

Pages: 59

Appendices: 1

This master’s thesis explores humanoid robots in healthcare. The thesis has taken part of the data from
an ongoing project, the Pepper-project, at the Department of Caring Science at Åbo Akademi University
in Vaasa. The aim of this study was to explore what attitudes students from the healthcare sector have
towards humanoid robots in healthcare. The research questions were (1) What attitudes do students from
the healthcare sector have towards humanoid robots in healthcare? and (2) What benefits can a
humanoid robot have in healthcare contexts according to students from the healthcare sector? The
theoretical framework for this study was two ethical models that addressed both the ethical core of
caring, as well as the study’s objective.
This study had a quantitative approach, where both quantitative and qualitative data were collected with
a questionnaire. The Pepper-project collected data from 264 participants, of which 57 of the participants
were students and therefore included in the study. The questionnaire included items from the Robot
attitudes scale (RAS) developed by Broadbent et al. (2012). The collected data was analyzed with
statistical analysis methods and qualitative content analysis. The statistical analysis included descriptive
statistics, linear regression, Spearman rank correlation, and binary logistic regression. Some of the data
were considered qualitative and were therefore analyzed through qualitative content analysis by
Graneheim and Lundman (2004).
The results in this study show that students from the healthcare sector have positive attitudes towards
humanoid robots in healthcare. The participants considered the robot to be interesting and had neutral
attitudes towards the complexity of the robot. The statistical analyses showed low or non-significant
results. The qualitative data showed that students believe that humanoid robots can assist care personnel,
as well as support patients cognitively, physically, and socially. The results also showed that students
have some concerns about humanoid robots in healthcare. The conclusion for this study was that
students saw potential for humanoid robots in healthcare, which bodes well as it is recommended to
increase the amount of technology and robotics in healthcare.

Melanie Rydgren

ÅBO AKADEMI
Författare:
Handledare:

Fakulteten för pedagogik och
välfärdsstudier
Enheten för vårdvetenskap
Melanie Rydgren
Doktorand Malin Andtfolk, docent Linda
Nyholm

Magisteravhandling
VÅRDVETENSKAP

Humanoida robotar i vården – en
kvantitativ studie om studerandes attityder

Sökord:

Humanoid robot, robotics, students,
attitude, robot attitude scale

Maj 2020

Sidoantal: 59

Bilagor: 1

Denna magisteravhandling behandlar humanoida robotar i vården. Avhandlingen har tagit del av data
från ett pågående projekt, Pepper-projektet, vid vårdvetenskapliga enheten vid Åbo Akademi i Vasa.
Syftet med denna studie var att utforska studerande från hälsovårdssektorns attityder mot humanoida
robotar i vården. Frågeställningarna var (1) Vilka attityder har studerande från hälsovårdssektorn mot
humanoida robotar i vården? samt (2) Vilken nytta kan en humanoid robot medföra vårdkontexter enligt
studerande från hälsovårdssektorn? Den teoretiska utgångspunkten för denna studie var två etiska
modeller som behandlar den etiska grunden i vårdandet samt studiens mål.
Avhandlingen hade ett kvantitativt tillvägagångssätt. Både kvantitativa och kvalitativa data samlades in
med en enkätstudie. Data från enkätstudien innefattade svar från 264 deltagare, varav 57 av deltagarna
var studerande och därmed inkluderade i studien. Enkäten innehöll objekt från the Robot attitude scale
(RAS) utvecklad av Broadbent et al. (2012). Data som samlats in från enkätstudien bearbetades med
statistiska analysmetoder samt kvalitativ innehållsanalys. Den statistiska analysen innefattade
beskrivande statistik, linjär regression, Spearmans rangkorrelation, samt binär logistisk regression. Det
kvalitativa data analyserades med hjälp av kvalitativ innehållsanalys av Graneheim och Lundman
(2004).
Resultatet visar att studerande från hälsovårdssektorn hade positiva attityder mot humanoida robotar i
vården. Deltagarna ansåg att roboten var intressant och deltagarna var neutralt inställda mot robotens
komplexitet. De statistiska analyserna gav endast låga eller non-signifikanta resultat. De kvalitativa data
visade att studerande anser att humanoida robotar kan assistera vårdpersonal samt stöda patienter
kognitivt, fysiskt och socialt. Det framkom även att studerande ser utmaningar med humanoida robotar
i vården. Slutsatsen i den här studien var att studerande såg potential för robotik i vården, vilket bådar
gott då det rekommenderas en ökning av teknologi och robotik i vården.

Melanie Rydgren

Table of contents
1

INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................ 1

2

BACKGROUND .................................................................................................. 5

3

4

2.1

Health robotics ............................................................................................. 6

2.2

Humanoid robots ......................................................................................... 9

PREVIOUS STUDIES ........................................................................................ 11
3.1

Public attitudes .......................................................................................... 12

3.2

Healthcare personnel’s attitudes ................................................................ 14

3.3

Students’ attitudes ..................................................................................... 16

THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK ...................................................................... 18
4.1

Ethical models ........................................................................................... 19

4.2

Ethical guidelines ...................................................................................... 21

5

STUDY AIM AND RESEARCH QUESTIONS ................................................ 22

6

DESCRIPTION OF THE STUDY PROCESS ................................................... 23
6.1

Design and context .................................................................................... 23

6.2

Study sample and participants ................................................................... 23

6.3

Data collection and material ...................................................................... 25

6.4

Data analysis .............................................................................................. 27
6.4.1 Statistical analysis ............................................................................ 27
6.4.2 Qualitative content analysis ............................................................. 29

7

ETHICAL CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................ 31

8

RESULTS ........................................................................................................... 33
8.1

Statistical analysis ..................................................................................... 33
8.1.1 Descriptive statistics......................................................................... 33
8.1.2 Correlations ...................................................................................... 37
8.1.3 Binary logistic regression................................................................. 37

8.2

Qualitative content analysis ....................................................................... 38
8.2.1 Assisting care personnel ................................................................... 39
8.2.2 Supporting patients .......................................................................... 39

8.3
9

Challenges with humanoid robots in care.................................................. 40

DISCUSSION ..................................................................................................... 42
9.1

Study results in relation to previous studies .............................................. 43

Melanie Rydgren
9.2

Study results in relation to the theoretical framework............................... 46

10 METHODOLOGICAL CONSIDERATIONS ................................................... 49
11 CONCLUSION ................................................................................................... 52
12 SWEDISH SUMMARY ..................................................................................... 55
REFERENCES........................................................................................................... 60
FINLAND’S ACTS AND DECREES ....................................................................... 71
Tables:
Table 1: Search strategy ............................................................................................. 11
Table 2: Background information about participants................................................. 25
Table 3: Comparison of the independent variables .................................................... 34
Table 4: Binary logistic regression predicting likelihood of positive attitudes ......... 38
Table 5: Main categories and sub-categories ............................................................. 39
Figures:
Figure 1: Means of the items on the Robot attitude scale .......................................... 35
Appendices:
Appendix 1: Questionnaire

Melanie Rydgren

1

1

Introduction

In Finland, there are various challenges in the healthcare sector. According to the
Finnish Government (2019), the percentage of elderly in the Finnish population has
increased while nativity has decreased. This means that fewer people are active in the
workforce and support the Nordic welfare model. According to Kataja (2016), the
amount of registered nurses is decreasing, which puts more pressure on the healthcare
sector. In recent years, the Finnish tabloids have published alarming articles about
health departments shutting down and flaws found in care. The Helsinki University
Hospital’s labor and maternity ward in Porvoo was shut down in 2016 (Helsinki
University Hospital, 2016), the psychiatric ward in Parainen closed its doors due to
merging (The Hospital District of Southwest Finland, VSSHP, 2015) and the Vaasa
Central Hospital was at risk for losing its full-scale emergency unit, but the
government decided to keep the unit after years of negotiations (Ministry of Social
Affairs and Health, 2019). The Finnish National Supervisory Authority for Welfare
and Health, Valvira, has in year 2019 published articles about flaws in the care of the
elderly. The flaws concerned lack of nursing staff, lack of physicians, inadequate
storage and handling of medications, and issues concerning leadership (Valvira, 2019).
For the society to continue to develop sustainably, the growing costs in care must be
stalled and challenges in the society must be handled (Finnish Government, 2019).
The Finnish Government is planning a reform of the Finnish social- and healthcare
sector. According to the Government Action Plan (2019), the aim is to “promote
wellbeing, reduce inequalities, restructure health and social services and reform the
structure of social security” (p. 38). One method to reach these aims according to the
Government Program is by introducing new technologies to healthcare contexts
(Finnish Government, 2019). The Ministry of Social Affairs and Health also published
recommendations for securing the quality in aged care, where they suggest an increase
in robotics in healthcare (Ministry of Social Affairs and Health, 2017). Dumouchel
and Damiano (2017) describe a robot as an artificial worker that can work
independently and adjust its functions to the environment. Robots are designed to do
tasks that humans are capable of doing and robots can replace humans’ work input.
Robotics can be used in different areas in healthcare, for example at hospitals, in

Melanie Rydgren

2

nursing homes, at clinics, and in the patients’ homes. One type of robot that is
considered to be suitable for healthcare contexts is humanoid robots. Winfield (2014)
writes that humanoid robots are robots designed to resemble humans, as they can have
a face, arms, and eyes. Humanoid robots can have sensors or other systems that make
it possible for them to communicate with humans and move autonomously.
Kataja (2016) suggests that new technology can be beneficial for society and health
organizations, as it can make the care-path more efficient when technology can give
surgeons the opportunity to do less invasive procedures. This means fewer days for
the patients in hospitals and therefore a smaller cost for society. Dumouchel and
Damiano (2017) argue that if a robot is compared to a regular human worker, there are
aspects that could be improved by a robot. From a financial perspective, the robot is
more affordable than a human worker. The robots do not need payment, pension or
occupational health care. One of the flaws with humans is that humans are prone to
make mistakes, whilst a robot could be a safer and more reliable alternative. The robots
today do not have emotions in the same way as humans, so robots would not feel
dissatisfied with their work. Robots also work more efficiently than humans and work
on a more precise level, without getting distracted. Robots would not have a personal
life that could affect their work performance, which makes it possible for robots to
work constantly without getting tired and having coffee breaks. From a legal
perspective, breaks and other legal rights that human workers have would not have to
be compulsory for robots in the workplace. Riek (2017) argues that purchasing a robot
is a cost for the health organization, as well as maintenance of the robot and training
personnel to use the technology. The costs might also increase if the robot does not
function properly, and instead of helping the personnel, it produces more work.
Dumochel and Damiano (2017) and Wallach and Allen (2009) both present other
considerable aspects with robotics, as there is a general concern of robots having total
autonomy and acting in an immoral way. According to multiple researchers, humans
are not capable of producing truly autonomous machines in the present.

Melanie Rydgren

3

According to the Finnish Business and Policy Forum EVA (2016), robots are able to
ease nurses’ workload by 20 %. Of a nurse’s five-day workweek, approximately three
days are used for direct patient care. Robots could give nurses a chance to place their
resources on the human contact rather than on tasks that do not give added value to the
patient. Some of the nurses’ work tasks can even be considered dangerous or harmful
for the nurse and could be easily done by a robot. Documentation and assessments
could be assisted by a robot. The results from a study by Papadopoulos et al. (2018)
show that healthcare personnel saw advantages with humanoid robots in healthcare, as
the robot could help moving patients, monitor patients’ mood and vital signs,
encourage social activities between patients and remind patients to take medicines.
EVA (2016) also suggests positive outcomes for patients, as robotics could give
patients the opportunity to live home for a longer time. A study by Pino et al. (2015)
shows that patients see robots as a cognitive tool with functions to serve as a reminder
of appointments and the robot could help in locating lost items. Patients also believed
a robot to be useful as a device of communication, as well as assisting in daily tasks
and healthcare duties. The robot could entertain patients and prevent risks. The results
in the studies by Papadopoulos et al. (2018) and Pino et al. (2015) show concerns about
robotics in healthcare, such as privacy and autonomy issues. The healthcare personnel
in the study by Papadopoulos et al. (2018) suggested that health organizations should
avoid using robots in all care activities. The personnel were concerned that robots
could be a risk for the health of personnel and patients. The cost of the robot was also
seen as an issue. The patients in Pino et al.:s (2015) study expressed a fear of robots
becoming too humanlike and replacing humans. The patients also believed that a robot
could easily become useless if it did not have a clear purpose in healthcare.
Conclusively, both studies showed both positive and negative attitudes towards
robotics in healthcare.
This thesis was a part of an ongoing project at the Department of Caring Science at
Åbo Akademi University in Vaasa. The project is called the Pepper-project and is
financed by Högskolestiftelsen i Österbotten and Åbo Akademi University scholarship
fund. Högskolestiftelsen i Österbotten is a trust fund that supports and initiates research
projects in Ostrobothnia in Western Finland. The project explores the attitudes and
perceptions of multiple stakeholders concerning humanoid robots in healthcare. These

Melanie Rydgren

4

stakeholders include patients, students, healthcare personnel, teachers, relatives, and
other personnel working in the healthcare sector. Other than exploring attitudes and
perceptions, the Pepper-project aims to test the humanoid robots in the care of the
elderly and strives to create programs that can support the mental and physical welfare
of the elderly. The study illustrates the opportunities and challenges that might appear
in introducing more technology in care contexts. The study is important as Revenäs
and Derneborg (2019) imply that the prognosis shows that the caring facilities are
becoming denser with technical appliances.
A stakeholder that has not been thoroughly researched are students. Students are the
workers of the future and should, therefore, have a say in what technology is
introduced in care contexts. Students’ attitudes are important to research, as students
represent a group of people that have had technology present a large portion of their
life. As students are soon-to-be healthcare professionals, the students will be the ones
that will implement the robots in their work and to the healthcare sector. This master’s
thesis explores humanoid robots from students’ perspectives, by focusing on their
attitudes towards humanoid robots in healthcare. Pickens (2005) argues that attitudes
can be described as the way people behave, feel, and think about a specific subject.
The students included in this study were from the healthcare sector, with a bachelor’s,
master’s, or doctoral degree. The attitudes of the students were collected through a
survey study. The data collection was performed in a hospital and a university. The
survey study lasted for three weeks in November-December 2018. The collected data
was analyzed with statistical analysis methods and qualitative content analysis. The
statistical analysis included descriptive statistics, linear regression, Spearman rank
correlation, and binary logistic regression. Some of the data was considered qualitative
and was therefore analyzed through qualitative content analysis. As there is a lack of
research on students’ attitudes towards humanoid robots in healthcare, this paper may
be of value for future research and development of the new health system in the
society.

Melanie Rydgren

2

5

Background

Gunadson et al. (2012) describe welfare technology as a term mostly used in the
Nordic countries. Welfare technology is the technology used to support the different
welfare services that the countries offer to their citizens. Services from health-, social,
education- and employment-sectors are all included in the welfare society services.
Welfare technologies include the technologies that are used by both the people who
need service as well as the people that provide services. The technologies improve the
services and make services more efficient.
Health technology is the welfare technology that focuses on the health sector
(Gudnason et al., 2012). Health technology includes all the data systems and software,
as well as all the medical devices used in managing sickness and health. (Ahonen et
al., 2016; Ministry of Employment and the Economy, 2014). eHealth is a general term
for all the electronic devices and services that support health (Ahonen et al., 2016;
European Comisson, 2014). The European Commission (2014) describes eHealth as
tools with information and communication technology (ICT) that support or enhance
the data transmission between patients and healthcare providers, as well as data
transmission between providers. eHealth can have a positive impact on treatments,
diagnosis, preventive measures, monitoring, and administration, by creating networks
of health information. The purpose of eHealth is to improve the health of the citizens
in the EU countries, as well as improving quality and access to health services.
Ahonen et al. (2016) describe that the umbrella term eHealth includes the terms
mHealth and wHealth. mHealth includes all wireless devices, such as mobile phones
or other portable devices. The wireless devices have the function to follow up the
patient’s wellbeing through apps and collect important data of the user. The device can
be connected to different measurements, such as blood pressure, electrocardiogram,
and blood glucose levels. Because of mHealth-products, it’s easier for an everyday
person to measure their vital values, which also aids the care professional by providing
all a large amount of data of the patient without the need for multiple procedures. There
is also wearable technology, wHealth that consists of activity bracelets and clothes
with sensors that can monitor different values in the body of the wearer. wHealth can
also be sensors that is put directly on the skin. Freestyle Libre (Abbott diabetes care,

Melanie Rydgren

6

2019) is a wHealth product that measures the body’s glucose-level continuously
without the constant need of blood samples by pricking the fingertip. Freestyle Libre
is commonly used by patients with diabetes. With the help of wHealth, both patients
and care professionals can follow up on the wearer’s health status (Ahonen, Kinnunen,
& Kuori, 2016).
Another advanced technology in the welfare context is robotics. Dumouchel and
Damiano (2017) describe a robot as an artificial worker that is different from a
machine. A machine is simpler than a robot, with usually one specific function. A
machine is an object that can only function when used by a human. As opposed to a
machine, a robot can function independently and adjust its functions to the
environment. Robots are designed to do tasks that humans are capable of doing and
robots can replace humans’ work input. According to Riek (2017), a robot’s function
can range from completely autonomous to teleoperated. Robotics can be used in
different areas in healthcare, for example at hospitals, in nursing homes, at clinics, and
in the patients’ homes.
2.1

Health robotics

Kataja (2016) discusses that there are health robots for different purposes, such as
robots for logistics and surgeries, service robots, and socially assistive robots. In care
facilities, robots can be used in transporting beds, medical devices, and products that
are needed in different care procedures. Healthcare personnel often spend a significant
amount of their work time on fetching objects, which is a task that could easily be done
by a robot. Robots can also be used in surgeries. The surgical robot Da Vinci is used
in multiple Finnish cities, such as Helsinki, Turku, Tampere, and Oulu. The robot is
controlled by a physician during surgery. According to Riek (2017), a robot could
provide the physician with a better view during a procedure and minimize the surgery’s
invasiveness. Kataja (2016) writes that because of the surgery’s minimal invasiveness,
the need for blood transfusion is reduced and patients recover faster from procedures.
The robot can also improve occupational health as it gives the surgeon a better
ergonomic position at work. There is also robotics that helps patients with paresis to
move and rehabilitate, as well as robotic limbs that can replace amputated or lost body
parts. Bionic limbs are advanced technology still in development. APC Prosthetics
(2019) describes bionic limbs as a type of prosthesis that is more integrated in the

Melanie Rydgren

7

human body than a regular, stiff prosthetic limb. The prosthesis is more lifelike and is
designed to have the same functions as the replaced limb by being connected to
muscles, bones, or the nervous system. Kataja (2016) implies that bionic limbs can
replace arms or legs. Nowadays there are bionic implants that can replace eyes.
Kataja (2016) also describes another type of health robotics, service robots, which are
designed to assist humans physically or socially. There are approximately 500 different
service robots. There are service robots that can assist humans by doing household
chores and assist with medication. According to Maalouf et al. (2018), a service robot
can also assist with mobility, provide feeding assistance, and monitor patients’ vital
values and wellbeing. Some service robots can carry and bathe patients. Fischinger et
al. (2016) describe the service robot Hobbit, which is designed to assist patients living
at home by fetching objects, clearing messy floors, and entertaining patients. The robot
increases safety at home by detecting and assisting in emergent situations. Another
type of service robot is the telepresence-robot. Kristofferson et al. (2013) discuss that
telepresence-robots are controlled by a caregiver with the help of a mouse or a
touchpad. With the robot, the caregiver can connect with a patient from a distance.
Through the cameras on the robot and the control system, the caregiver and patient can
see and hear each other. The caregiver’s picture is projected on a screen on the robot.
Some telepresence-robots, for example the Giraffe-robot, are designed so that the
caregiver can control the robot’s movements which enable telepresence use in the
home environment.
According to Maalouf et al. (2018), the socially assistive robots are service robots that
interact with humans on a social or emotional level. Socially assistive robots can
resemble humans, animals, or objects. Dumochel and Damiano (2017) and Wada and
Shibata (2007) imply that the robots that resemble animals are often used for
therapeutic purposes. The robots are designed to replace a pet as pets are often not
allowed in care facilities. Animal-like robots have been developed in multiple
companies, and can have the appearance of ordinary household pets, such as dogs and
cats, but also more uncommon or even fictitious animals. One of the most popular
animalistic robots is the PARO-robot. PARO was created by Takanori Shibata, a senior
research scientist at the National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science and
Technology in Japan. PARO is an animal-like robot that is designed to look like a seal.

Melanie Rydgren

8

PARO is mostly used in elderly care as well as in the care of children. The robot is not
able to move around autonomously, and the robot has characteristics that resemble the
characteristics of pets. PARO has visual, tactile, balance, and audio sensors. The
robot’s functions include blinking with its eyes, making seal noises and moving its tail
and flippers. With the audio sensors, the robot is able to recognize and react if
somebody greets it or calls it by its name. It can also recognize its owner’s voice.
PARO can sense when it is being stroked or if a human is interacting with it. PARO is
used in healthcare as it is proven to support patients’ mental and psychological health,
by calming down patients and reducing depression. According to Kataja (2016),
PARO can also be a conversation starter among patients and how patients interact with
the robot can give useful information to care personnel about the patients. A Swedish
equivalent to PARO is the robot-cat called Justocat, which has similar functions as
PARO but can make catlike noises and purrs when a person strokes it.
Many health robots are designed to assist humans physically or cognitively. According
to Riek (2017), safety is an important part of designing a robot in healthcare contexts.
The robot used in healthcare should be approved and based on evidence-based science.
Riek (2017) argues that some of the people that are meant to use robotics are in a
vulnerable position and might have reduced physical or cognitive functions. The safety
of the robot becomes more important because of this, as the user relies on the robot
and might not be able to recover if any harm is done. The physical aspect of harm is a
common research question in studies, but the possible cognitive harm has not been
addressed as frequently. Riek (2017) recognizes that a disability or illness can have a
stigma, and states that a robot might make a disability or illness more visible. The
robot might enhance the differences between healthy humans and humans that have
succumbed to illnesses. This might prevent patients from using the device. The design
of a robot’s functions must also be taken into careful consideration, as technology in
one care setting might not work in another care setting. For example, an emergency
department is remarkably different from a clinic and might, therefore, have different
demands. Even cultures and ways of work might differ noticeably between similar care
settings. Dumouchel and Damiano (2017) argue that even though there are clear
benefits with robotics in healthcare, there is also a fear of losing control of robots.
Eriksson (2014) discusses a phenomenon called singularity; when the human
intelligence becomes inferior to the intelligence of the technology. The technology

Melanie Rydgren

9

humans created starts to create new technology by itself, which results in a massive
growth in advanced technology. Some researchers believe singularity to occur in 2050,
while others say it might take more than 100 years before that breaking point is
reached.
2.2

Humanoid robots

According to Winfield (2014), a humanoid robot is a robot with human-like features.
The shape of the robot is similar to the human body, as the robot has a face, eyes, and
arms. Some humanoid robots can communicate with humans. The robot can
communicate with speech and gestures. Humanoid robots look like machines because
of the visible metal and plastic and is not developed to look exactly like a human.
Androids and geminoids on the other hand are robots developed with a bigger focus to
look like humans, with artificial skin and hair. Riek (2017) mentions that the
acceptability of a robot in healthcare is influenced by the robot’s appearance, as well
as the functions and behavior of the robot. According to Dumouchel and Damiano
(2017), a human can feel more comfortable with a robot that resembles a human. The
roboticist Masahiro Mori argues that a robot can only resemble a human to a certain
extent before a human feels discomfort (Mori, 1970). This phenomenon is called “the
Uncanny Valley”.
Akhtaruzzaman and Shafie (2010) suggest that the world’s first humanoid robot was
designed by Leonardo da Vinci in 1495, but it is unclear if the robot was ever
manufactured. The robot is usually referred to as da Vinci’s robotic knight and it was
designed to perform basic human-like movements. The robot could move its arms,
head, and jaw, as well as sit down. Marsh (2018) argues that one of the world’s first
humanoid robots with the ability to speak was manufactured by Westinghouse Electric
Company. The robot was called Elektro the Moto-man and was introduced for the first
time in 1939 at the New York World Fair. The robot was 2.1 meters tall and weighed
118 kg. The Elektro-robot was able to walk, talk, respond to commands, and smoke
cigarettes.
After the Elektro-robot, there has been produced many different humanoid robots for
different areas of context. According to Papadopoulos et al. (2018), the humanoid
robots designed for the care contexts are usually able to give information to patients

Melanie Rydgren

10

and personnel, monitor vital signs, give cognitive support to patients and provide
telecommunication. The French humanoid robot Kompaï is also able to support
mobility, as it has handles similar to a walker (Kompaï robotics, 2019). The Kompairobot, as well as the humanoid robots Guide and Cafero, have touchscreens to interact
with humans. According to Katevas (2001), the German equivalent to Kompaï is the
humanoid robot Care-O-Bot that is designed specifically for the home environment.
One of the leading companies focused on robotics is SoftBank Robotics. SoftBank
Robotics is a Japanese-French company that develops robotic solutions and services
to different areas, for example retail, tourism, healthcare, finance, and education. The
company strives to increase security and comfort in humans’ lives. NAO is the first
humanoid robot developed by SoftBank Robotics. Zorarobotics (2019) and van den
Heuvel et al. (2017), describe the NAO robot as a 58cm robot, which is designed to
interact and entertain humans. Zora is another name for the NAO robot, the only
difference is that Zora has a simpler software that is designed to fit into care contexts.
Softbank Robotics also presents another humanoid robot named Pepper. Both NAO
and Pepper have artificial intelligence and can have conversations with humans by
speech recognition, by reading the emotions on the human’s face and by interpreting
gestures. Other than speaking, the Pepper-robot can also communicate via
touchscreen, which is placed on the robot’s chest. Pepper is programmed to speak up
to 15 languages. The robot is 120cm tall and has arms that mimic the human
movements. Pepper has a face with two eyes, which is where most of the sensors are
located. The robot has no legs but is able to move around autonomously with its base
with wheels. The Pepper-robot had been used in over 70 countries and over 2000
companies have adopted Pepper as an assistant. According to Softbank Robotics, the
Pepper-robot is suitable in care contexts as it has the ability to communicate with
humans, which can reduce a patient’s anxiety. The Pepper-robot can educate patients,
provide information, lead exercise programs and entertain. The robot can improve the
care quality, as it can collect data of the patients, assist the healthcare personnel and
make administrative processes more efficient. (Softbank Robotics, 2019).

Melanie Rydgren

3

11

Previous studies

A review of the existing research about the subject was conducted. The review shows
the amount of research made about robots, in the specific context, about the specific
stakeholders. The review consists mainly of research articles from the years 20112019. Two articles from 2008 were included, as they gave more content to the review.
The researcher strived to include new articles, but because of the lack of articles in the
subject, older articles were included. A large-scale public research report published by
the European Commission in 2015 was included. To describe the search, a table was
made to clarify the search strategy. (Table 1)
Table 1: Search strategy
Search words

Humanoid robots OR robotics OR socially assistive robots,
experiences OR attitudes OR perceptions OR opinions OR
thoughts OR feelings, healthcare OR care OR health,
students OR young people OR teenagers,

Databases

EBSCO (CINAHL, Medline, PsycArticles, PsycInfo),
PubMed, SpringerLink, Wiley

Inclusion criteria

Peer-reviewed, fulltext, English, academic journal, article

The databases used in the review of previous research were EBSCO (which includes
CINAHL, Medline, PsycArticles, PsycInfo), PubMed, SpringerLink, and Wiley. The
search options were limited to peer-reviewed articles from academic journals, written
in English with full text available. The words used in the search were humanoid robots,
robotics, or socially assistive robots. To find articles with the right point of view, the
words experiences, attitudes, perceptions, opinions, thoughts, and feelings were used
to limit the search. To find the articles from the right context, the search was limited
with the words healthcare, care, and health. Students, young people, and teenagers
restricted the search to the chosen stakeholder.

Melanie Rydgren

12

The review showed a good amount of articles concerning health– and social care
personnel’s’ attitudes on humanoid robots. However, the review shows that there is a
lack of research about students’ attitudes. The review resulted in 25 articles, of which
three articles concerned public attitudes, 16 articles on healthcare personnel’s attitudes,
and six articles that studied different students’ attitudes towards different types of
robotics. Articles from the public’s perspective were included in the review, as it
shows the general assumption of humanoid robots from people that do not have a
career in the healthcare sector. This gives an overview of where society stands
concerning the subject and society’s readiness for robotics. Articles about the
healthcare personnel’s attitudes were included in the review, as the attitudes of
personnel might influence the attitudes of students from the healthcare sector. Students
are supervised and instructed by healthcare personnel while doing internships. The
initial training of new personnel in workplaces in healthcare is usually done by the
regular personnel. Because of this, the attitudes and culture of a workplace is often
inherited by the soon-to-be personnel. All the articles together give a good base for
this study and show where research is strong and what knowledge gap there is.
3.1

Public attitudes

According to public research published by the European Commission (2015), 64 % of
Europeans have a positive attitude towards robots. The results show that 73 % of the
participants from Finland have a positive attitude towards robots and the majority had
not used robots (81 %). 89 % of the Europeans and 93 % of the Finnish participants
believed that robots require careful management. 85 % of the Europeans and 89 % of
the Finnish participants agree that robots can aid humans in dangerous or difficult
tasks. 72 % of the Europeans and 86 % of the Finns thought robots would be good for
society, as it may help people. 70 % of the Europeans and 56 % of the Finns believe
that robots will steal jobs.
Previous studies from scientific journals found in this review, show various results
about the attitudes on robotics in healthcare. In a study made by Tuisku et al. (2019),
they researched the public opinion on robots in healthcare by analyzing comments on
articles about health robotics in the media. The result showed both positive and
negative attitudes. The majority of the comments were negative. The positive
comments considered robots functioning well as an assistant to humans, supporting

Melanie Rydgren

13

patients’ independence, and giving students the possibility to practice different care
procedures before entering the workforce. Increased care quality and increased human
interaction were also positive aspects of robotics in healthcare. The negative comments
considered the general fear against robots and robots taking over jobs, as well as
making healthcare inhumane. The robots were considered to be too expensive. A
human was preferred in healthcare over a robot, as a robot was not seen beneficial
compared to a human. There was a fear of the technology failing and adding more
work for care personnel as personnel have to supervise the robot. Some comments also
discussed the nursing profession, questioning why healthcare personnel want a higher
salary and more tools, when the profession has existed in many years and managed
without tools. The public opinions were afterward commented by healthcare
personnel, who believed the public information about the robot was inadequate and
therefore a reason why the comments were so negative. As a counterbalance, a study
made by Turja et al. (2018) showed that the general Finnish population was more
positive toward robotics than healthcare personnel.
Previous studies found in this subject, generally separate health care personnel’s and
patients’ attitudes toward robotics in a care context, with few studies about students’
attitudes. A study made by Noury et al. (2019) showed that robotics and autonomous
systems, RAS, in health and social care contexts can have an impact on patients’
independence, social health, and rurality. The data was retrieved from focus groups
mixed with different stakeholders; patients, students, and personnel from health and
social sectors. RAS could impact independence by supporting the daily life of patients
with cognitive impairments, chronic conditions, or patients that need 24/7 support.
RAS was seen as a tool to remind patients to take their medicines, support patients in
household chores and daily activities, assist patients moving around, as well as monitor
and entertain patients. The RAS could the patient’s support social health by interacting
with the patient, encouraging social interaction between people, and making video
calls. The RAS could impact rural challenges, such as distances to care facilities. RAS
could help patients in rural areas get treatments, medications, or contact with
healthcare personnel via video contact.

Melanie Rydgren
3.2

14

Healthcare personnel’s attitudes

Previous studies on personnel from the healthcare sector show that many have positive
attitudes about robotics in healthcare (Broadbent et al., 2016; Tuisku et al., 2019; Zsiga
et al., 2013). Studies show that healthcare personnel believe robots can give social
support to patients. Social support includes the robot-patient interaction but also
creating opportunities for interaction between patients (Alaiad & Zhou, 2014;
Broadbent et al., 2012; Darragh et al., 2017; Göransson et al., 2008; Pino et al., 2015;
Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014). Home care personnel did not believe that a robot can
reduce loneliness and were worried that a robot would instead increase loneliness
(Rantanen et al., 2018). Other than social support, robots were also seen as suitable
tool for entertaining patients (Broadbent et al., 2016; Pino et al., 2015; Wolbring &
Yumakulov, 2014). Some care personnel also discussed the robot’s ability to give
cognitive support to patients with memory disorders (Alaiad & Zhou, 2014; Darragh
et al., 2017; Pino et al., 2015; Rantanen et al., 2018). Personnel also mentioned that
the robot could prevent risks and perform different practical, health-related functions
(Alaiad & Zhou, 2014; Bedaf et al., 2016; Broadbent et al., 2016; Jenkins & Draper,
2015; Pino et al., 2015; Zsiga et al., 2013). These functions could be assisting the
patient and raising alarm in emergencies. Although home care personnel believed that
a robot can help patients exercise, they did not believe a robot could assist patients
living at home or help with household chores (Rantanen et al., 2018). A robot was also
seen as a helpful tool to monitor patients’ mood or vital signs (Alaiad & Zhou, 2014;
Broadbent et al., 2016; Darragh et al., 2017; Lee et al., 2018), as it can function 24/7
(Bedaf et al., 2017). The healthcare personnel had mixed views on robotics in their
workspace (Hebesberger et al., 2017), as some thought health robots would not make
much difference in their work (Broadbent et al., 2016; Göransson et al., 2008), while
other care personnel believed that a robot can ease their work (Lee et al., 2018; Pino
et al., 2015) and give more variety in their workspace (Tuisku et al., 2019). Some
nurses believed that by delegating some of the simpler tasks to a robot, it could give
them more time to focus on the essential nursing work (Lee et al., 2018).

Melanie Rydgren

15

There is a fear of losing control of a robot or having technical problems with robots.
One of the care personnels’ most important tasks is to protect patients’ safety. Care
personnel fear the robot could harm both them and their patients (Lee et al., 2018; Pino
et al., 2015; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014). Some personnel had worries that the
robot would break confidentiality by not protecting patients’ personal data (Pino et al.,
2015; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014). A majority of home care personnel believed
that a robot can improve the safety of patients that live at home (Rantanen et al., 2018).
Care personnel in Pino et al.:s (2015) study saw challenges in the use of robots, both
for themselves as well as their patients. Patients with dementia and other memory
disorders can have difficulties in learning how to use a new technological tool because
of their lowered cognitive abilities. Nurses can have issues using robots in their work
because of the lack of instructions or experience with technology (Pino et al., 2015;
Tuisku et al., 2019). Home care personnel believed they were competent enough to
use or to learn how to use a robot (Rantanen et al., 2018). Some care personnel also
pointed out in the study by Tuisku et al. (2019) that a robot can be easy to use in
comparison with other more advanced technology that is already implemented in care
facilities. The financing of the robot was also seen as a challenge when new technology
can be expensive (Pino et al., 2015; Winkle et al., 2019), but some personnel pointed
out that some organizations have money for technological development or money from
a will to finance new technology (Tuisku et al., 2019).
In a study by Latikka et al. (2018), the results show that the confidence the personnel
have on their technical abilities correlates with the acceptance of robotics. Interest in
technology and development was also seen as important for a higher level of
acceptance. The majority of care personnel expressed that the robot should not replace
humans and the human touch. (Pino et al., 2015; Rantanen et al., 2018; Tuisku et al.,
2019; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014). In a study by Pino et al. (2015), the results show
that the robot’s appearance, social abilities, and functions are important. The robot
should not have too human-like features, as it may confuse the patient, especially
patients with memory diseases. Another important aspect was that the robotic solutions
must measure up to the needs that patients and personnel have.

Melanie Rydgren
3.3

16

Students’ attitudes

According to the European Commission’s (2015) report on public research, 77 % of
students in Europe have a positive attitude towards robots. In a study by Kristoffersson
et al. (2011) about the social telepresence robot Giraff and nursing students, it was
discovered that nursing students believe that the appearance and design of the robot is
important. A robot in care contexts should be steady, stable, and reliable. The nursing
students believed that a robot could help patients in social interactions and make care
procedures more efficient. The robot was also seen as a helpful tool for patients that
cannot get to the hospital or other care facilities. The nursing students were worried
about the patient’s integrity being affected, as well as a decrease in care quality. The
nursing students feared that the care would become less personal with a robot. A
similar result was found in a study about the nursing education by Sampsel et al.
(2014). In this study, they studied a remote presence robot as a part of the clinical
education, where the teacher was educating nursing students at a distance. The teacher
appeared on a screen on the robot. The students enrolled in the nursing program
believed the robot was useful and effective, as they could multitask. The students
struggled with the technology when the robot did not work properly.
Physiotherapy students were positive about humanoid robotics and believed that there
are many possibilities with robotics in healthcare (Tuisku et al., 2019). Similarly, in a
study by Tobis et al. (2017), occupational therapy students believed that a humanoid
robot might help the healthcare personnel to collect information about the patient and
raise the alarm if the patient needs urgent care. The robot could be useful in healthcare
as a monitor of the patient’s vital values. An individualized robot would be preferred
in care, as every patient has different needs and difficulties. Both occupational therapy
students and physiotherapy students believed that a humanoid robot can support the
relationship between the personnel and the patient (Tobis et al., 2017; Tuisku et al.,
2019). According to the study by Tobis et al. (2017), the robot could give the personnel
more time to interact with patients. The robot was not seen as suitable as a companion
for patients, as the robot should not replace humans. The students believed that the
robot could not reduce patient’s loneliness. The robot was recommended as an
assistant to the patient and could motivate the patient to connect with friends and
family. The students described that there is a risk in using robotics with elderly

Melanie Rydgren

17

patients, as the robot could passivate the patient. The students were also concerned that
elderly patients are not prepared for interacting with robots.
According to a study by Nomura et al. (2008), students from the Department for Social
Sciences and the Department of Natural Science and Engineering in Japan, Korea, and
the United States, believed that a humanoid robot could have practical tasks in their
societies. Japanese students believed a humanoid robot could be suitable in nursing,
education, and social work. The students from Korea and the United States did not
fully agree with this statement. Korean students believed the robot to be more suitable
for tasks related to the medical field in life-and-death situations. Students from the US
saw the robot more as a tool to replace humans in difficult tasks or environments, as
they assumed the robot to have low emotional capacity. Japanese students thought the
robot could be useful in social interactions, as they believed the human-robot
interaction to be equivalent to a human-human interaction. In a study by Desideria et
al. (2019) they studied psychology students and the emotional differences in humanhuman interaction and human-robot interaction. They found that the students
interacted with a social robot in a similar way as they interacted with other humans.
Statistically the difference between the different interactions was insignificant.
This review of previous research in about robots in healthcare showed six articles that
concerned students’ attitudes on robotics. The articles considered attitudes on different
types of robotics, as there was not a sufficient amount of studies on attitudes on
humanoid robots. Most of the students in the previous studies were students from the
healthcare sector. As there is a lack of studies about healthcare students’ attitudes on
humanoid robots, this study will be of value for future research.

Melanie Rydgren

4

18

Theoretical framework

Ethics is a fundamental term that is visible throughout care contexts. Ethics is
important for this study, as technology in care should be utilized in a way that is
beneficial for the patient and the care process (Ministry of Social Affairs and Health,
2010). Technology should always be used with respect to the patient’s vulnerability
and dignity. Sandman and Kjellström (2018) describe ethics as a phenomenon that
concerns the human’s values and norms, as well as striving to do what is good and
righteous. Ethics can be described as how to treat other people, how to solve conflicts,
and what is believed to be acceptable. Ethics is present in caring, as caregivers are
constantly facing ethical dilemmas that they need to address. Eriksson (2018) describes
ethos as a phenomenon when humans live their ethics, when the theories of ethics have
been integrated and have become a fundamental value in a human’s way of thinking
and acting.
Ethics is an important aspect of the nursing profession, as it protects the patient’s
dignity. Dignity is an important term concerning the respect of others and is closely
connected to integrity. Edlund (2002) describes dignity as the unmeasurable human
value every person has. Every human has two levels of dignity; an absolute dignity
and a relative dignity. The absolute dignity is the innermost worth of a human that
cannot be offended or removed. The absolute dignity is always present in a human,
and the relative dignity might not always be present. The relative dignity is different
from the absolute dignity, as it is affected by outer elements and suffering. The relative
dignity can also be divided into inner and outer relative dignity, where the inner dignity
concerns the inner ethical stance and the outer dignity is more esthetic as it is present
in a human’s behavior in different situations. If a human has succumbed to a disease,
the relative dignity is affected while the absolute dignity is consistent. But even if the
relative dignity is insulted, it can always be built up again. According to Eriksson
(2018), insulting a human’s dignity will create suffering, where the human feel deep
unhappiness and shame. This is why it is important that technology implemented in
healthcare is carefully used with the respect to the patient’s vulnerability and dignity
(Ministry of Social Affairs and Health, 2010).

Melanie Rydgren
4.1

19

Ethical models

Beauchamp and Childress (2009) have created an ethical model for caring that divides
ethics in care into four principles; Autonomy, Non-maleficence, Beneficence, and
Justice. These principles can be used as a basis for decision-making in care and can
stand as an argument for or against arrangements in care contexts. These ethical
principles are also presented in the ethical model by Mahoney (2019). Mahoney’s
ethical model suggests six key ethical principles when implementing and developing
technology for patients and caregivers. The key ethical principles include Respect of
persons, Autonomy and consent, Beneficence, Non-maleficence, Justice and
distributional fairness, and Privacy and confidentiality.
The first ethical principle in Mahoney’s (2019) ethical model is Respect of persons.
This principle concerns how technology should be applied into care contexts. The
patients or end-users of the technology should have the opportunity to express their
opinion and make choices that impact the technology’s design. Patients should be
informed about the technology’s functions, as well as risks and benefits of the
technology. A study by Mahoney et al. (2015) shows that individualization of the
technology is important and one-fits-all solutions should be avoided. According to
Baldwin (2005), for technology to suitable for care contexts, the technology should be
developed by involving the end-users and including the values and interests of the
involved stakeholders in the design. Technology should also avoid stigmatization of
patients’ challenges.
Autonomy and consent is the second principle in Mahoney’s (2019) ethical model.
Mahoney implies that consent is an important aspect in developing technology that is
safe for care contexts. According to the ethical model by Beauchamp and Childress
(2009), the principle for autonomy considers how humans have the right to be
independent and take part in decisions that affect their lives. The principle of autonomy
is both a right and an obligation, as people have the right to be independent but are
also obligated to respect the independence of others.

Melanie Rydgren

20

Beneficence, the do-good principle, is present in both ethical models mentioned in this
chapter. Beauchamp and Childress (2009) state that beneficence regards how humans
should strive to help each other rather than hurt each other. People have a moral
obligation to prevent harm and should strive to strengthen the good in the world.
Mahoney (2019) argue that humans should strive to maximize benefits and minimize
harm. According to the study by Mahoney et al. (2010), beneficence is supported if
technology matches the end-user’s needs. It is of importance to address the problem
and develop a solution, rather than first creating a product and afterwards searching
for a problem that the created product can solve.
Non-maleficence is also present in both ethical models developed by Beauchamp and
Childress (2009) and Mahoney (2019). According to Beauchamp and Childress
(2009), non-maleficence is one of the most fundamental principles. Non-maleficence
considers the respect for other humans, as killing, harming or offending other people
should be avoided. People should avoid causing physical or emotional discomfort to
other humans. This principle differs from the Beneficence principle, as the Nonmaleficence principle focuses on removing harm before it happens, and the
Beneficence principle focuses on the act of doing good and repairing damages.
Mahoney (2009) gives a technological perspective on non-maleficence. The
technology in care contexts must be safe for humans to use, as well as tested and
reliable. Maintenance of the technology is also important. Developers should minimize
the technology’s intrusiveness and obtrusiveness, by carefully integrating technology
into the patient’s environment and daily routines. The functions of the technology
should be easy for the user to understand to prevent false expectations. Baldwin (2005)
suggests that technology can be considered harmful if it increases the isolation of the
users.
Justice and distributional fairness is the fifth principle in the ethical model by Mahoney
(2019). Beauchamp and Childress (2009) discuss that the Justice principle regards how
every human should be considered equals and treated in a just and rightful way.
Mahoney (2019) expresses that technology is often designed for young people with
high education and high incomes. The high price of the technology affects the just and
fairness of healthcare. In research, vulnerable people have in a historical aspect been

Melanie Rydgren

21

overrepresented in studies, as they are often asked to participate in studies that make
the responsibility in research disproportional according to The Belmont Report (1979).
Non-abandonment is also an important aspect when testing technology in care
contexts. Researchers must make sure that the patients do not get too attached and start
to depend on the technology. In this way the patients are not harmed when removing
the technology.
Privacy and confidentiality is the last principle in the ethical model by Mahoney
(2019). It is an ethical duty for healthcare units to protect the patient’s private
information and respect the patient’s right to decide who gets access to their data.
Hacking is often a concern when dealing with technology and because of this
healthcare units must have sufficient safeguards that prevent the risk of leakage of
patient data.
4.2

Ethical guidelines

The principles in both the ethical model by Beauchamp and Childress (2009) and the
ethical model by Mahoney (2019), present the moral obligations of humans that are
important in the daily human life and especially important in care contexts (Sandman
& Kjellström, 2018). The Ministry of Social Affairs and Health publish ethical
guidelines for the care facilities in Finland. The Finnish legal system makes sure that
the autonomy of patients is secured, as healthcare providers must get consent from the
patient when making decisions concerning the patient and before starting treatments
of the patient (Act of the status and rights of patients 17.8.1992/785). Because of laws
protecting the patients, society can make sure that no patients are harmed or overseen
in their vulnerable position as a patient. According to Kataja (2016), the care of a
patient should not continue if the patient disapproves of the intended care plan. The
Finnish legal system also secures the safety of technology in care contexts through the
law of products and equipment in healthcare (Lag om produkter och utrustning för
hälso- och sjukvård 24.6.2010/629). This law also states that healthcare personnel is
obligated to ensure that they have the appropriate training and experience with a
product before using it. Fimea (Finnish medicines agency) is the official agency that
supervises and develops technology in healthcare contexts in Finland.

Melanie Rydgren

5

22

Study aim and research questions

The aim of this study was to describe what attitudes students from the healthcare sector
have towards humanoid robots in healthcare.
The research questions for this study where the following:
(1) What attitudes do students from the healthcare sector have towards humanoid
robots in healthcare?
(2) What benefits can a humanoid robot have in healthcare contexts according to
students from the healthcare sector?

Melanie Rydgren

6

23

Description of the study process

This chapter presents the different stages of the study process. The study is mostly
based on a quantitative method, with both quantitative and qualitative data. The data
was analyzed with both statistical analyses and qualitative content analysis.
6.1

Design and context

This study had a quantitative approach, with both quantitative and qualitative data.
According to Billhult (2017), quantitative methods are preferred in studies that strive
to describe phenomena through structured measurements or observations. Quantitative
methods can be used when the researcher wants to compare or find correlations
between variables. Quantitative studies can provide new knowledge to the society and
can also be used to verify results in previous studies. This method was seen as suitable
for this study, as the aim was to describe the attitudes that students have towards
humanoid robots in healthcare. As there is a lack of research on students and humanoid
robots, this study could provide more knowledge on the subject.
The data was collected with a questionnaire. According to Billhult (2017), surveys are
recommended when exploring amounts and correlations. With a questionnaire the
researcher can collect a large amount of data from many people in an effective way.
The result’s reliability is influenced by the number of participants that have filled in
the questionnaire. Both Billhult (2017) and Nyberg and Tidström (2012) argue that the
larger the sample is, the more reliable the results are. As the study’s purpose was to
explore students’ attitudes towards humanoid robots in healthcare, the data was
collected from locations where students could be found.
6.2

Study sample and participants

The Pepper-project’s data that this thesis took part of, consisted of data from multiple
stakeholders. The data was collected from 264 participants, of which 57 were students.
As this study explored the attitudes of students, all the 207 participants who chose a
different answer than students or researchers in the questionnaire were excluded. The
participants included in the study were students from the healthcare sector. The
participants had a bachelor’s, master’s, or doctoral degree. Researchers were included

Melanie Rydgren

24

as students, as they represent doctoral students. Other employed researchers were
considered personnel. Children and vulnerable people were excluded from this study.
The study focused on age-groups from 15 years and higher. There was no application
for ethical approval for research on younger age-groups. Data were only collected from
people that were willing to participate in the study and fill in the questionnaire.
Questionnaires that were not answered correctly or incomplete were excluded from
the study.
Background information about the participants is presented in Table 2. Of the 57
participants, 93 % were female and 7 % were male. Most of the participants were 30–
39 years old (21 %), 3.5 % chose the category 15–19 years old, 26.3 % chose the
category 20–29 years old, 17.5 % chose the category 40–49 years old and 15.8 % chose
the category 50–59 years old. The participants could choose categories with higher
age-groups, but none of the participants in this study were over 59 years. Most of the
participants listed Swedish as their first language (57.9 %), while 31.6 % listed Finnish
as their first language. The remaining 10.6 % of the participants chose the option
“other”, as their first language was not Swedish or Finnish. 64.9 % of the participants
had a lower education and 35.1 % had a higher education. Lower education included
comprehensive school, vocational education, higher vocational education, and upper
secondary school. Higher education comprised of students that were in a university or
university of applied sciences. The educational groups were divided into lower and
higher education to make the data more concise as the specific educational levels were
not of significant importance for the study. (Table 2).

Melanie Rydgren

25

Table 2: Background information about participants

Gender

Age

First language

Education

Woman
Man
15–19 years
20–29 years
30–39 years
40–49 years
50–59 years
Swedish
Finnish
Other
Lower education
Higher education

Read or heard of humanoid robots
before
Yes
No
Met humanoid robot before
Yes
No

n=57
53
4
2
15
21
10
9
33
18
6
37
20

%
93
7
3.5
26.3
36.8
17.5
15.8
57.9
31.6
10.6
64.9
35.1

50
7
7
50

87.7
12.3
12.3
87.7

The questionnaire included two questions about the participant’s background with
humanoid robots. One of the questions was ”Have you read or heard about humanoid
robots before?”. Most of the participants answered that they had read or heard about
humanoid robots before (87.7 %), while 12.3 % of the participants had not. The second
question was “Have you met a humanoid robot before?”. Most of the participants
answered that they had not met a humanoid robot before (87.7 %), while 12.3 % of the
participants answered that they had. (Table 2).
6.3

Data collection and material

The data was collected with a questionnaire. Another researcher (M.A.) developed the
questionnaire and performed the data collection. The data collection lasted for 3 weeks
in November-December in 2018. The questionnaire was handed out in a hospital in
Western Finland and during a health science conference at a University in Western
Finland. Information about the study was presented in the hospital’s newsletter a
month before the data collection started. The humanoid robot Pepper was standing by
the entrance in the hospital for a couple of weeks and by the entrance of the conference
for a couple of days. The humanoid robot greeted the participants in Swedish, Finnish
and English. Two researchers (M.A., L.N.) informed the participants about the study,

Melanie Rydgren

26

handed out the questionnaire to participants, and answered questions from the
participants about the robot. The participants got the opportunity to meet and interact
with the humanoid robot Pepper during the data collection. The data was collected
from students, teachers, patients, relatives, caregivers, physicians, researchers, other
personnel, and others. Participants were randomly selected and participating in the
study was voluntary and anonymous.
The questionnaire was made up of 18 questions and one open question (Appendix 1).
The questionnaire was available in Swedish, Finnish and English. Seven of the
questions concerned the participant’s background. The background questions were
independent variables (age, gender, education, language, met robot, heard of robots,
reason for visit). The questionnaire included items from the Robot attitude scale (RAS)
created by Broadbent et al. (2012). The scale measured the attitudes towards robots.
The scale was reliability tested with a Cronbach’s alpha of 0.94. The scale contained
eleven items with a five-point rating. The items were the following; FriendlyUnfriendly,

Useful–Useless,

Trustworthy–Untrustworthy,

Strong–

Fragile,

Interesting–Boring, Advanced–Basic, Easy to use–Hard to use, Reliable–Unreliable,
Safe–Dangerous, Simple–Complicated and Helpful–Unhelpful. The scores of the scale
were all summed together to create a total score. The total score shows either positive
or negative attitudes towards robotics (Broadbent et al., 2012). The last question in the
questionnaire was an open question, where the participants could comment on what
they believe a robot could do in healthcare contexts.
Billhult (2017) implies that the number of participants must be large enough so that
the researcher is able to make different statistical analyses. According to Pallant
(2010), a study with 30 participants is seen as a small sample and a study with over
100 participants is reffered to as a large sample. As there were 57 participants included
in this study, the study sample can be considered average or slightly below average.
Therefore, no more data was collected for this study after the data collection was over.

Melanie Rydgren
6.4

27

Data analysis

The methods used in this study included statistical analyses and qualitative content
analysis. The majority of the data was quantitative and was analyzed with statistical
methods of analysis. The last sector in the questionnaire was an open question, where
the participants could write what they thought a humanoid robot could do in healthcare
contexts. The data from the open question was qualitative and was therefore studied
with qualitative content analysis by Graneheim and Lundman (2004).
6.4.1

Statistical analysis

The statistical analysis included descriptive statistics and analytical statistics. SPSS
(statistical package for the social sciences) version 25 was used in all statistical
analyses in this study. The data from the questionnaire was transferred from physical
paper sheets into Microsoft Excel. The data in the Excel-file was transferred into the
SPSS-program, where the data was processed, organized, coded, and prepared for
analyses. All the data was transferred and coded in the same way throughout the study.
To provide an overview of the participants’ backgrounds, descriptive statistics were
conducted. According to Billhult (2017), descriptive statistics summarize the data as a
whole and create numbers that describe the participants. This gives an overview with
compact information of the data to the reader. According to Polit et al. (2001), tables
and figures make the data more visible and easier for the reader to understand. The
data in this study was formed into tables that include important values and scores, as
it gives a good overview of the data.
After the descriptive statistics were made, new variables were created for the analytical
statistics. Age-groups and education levels were made dichotomous. The age-groups
were the following: 15–19 years, 20–29 years, 30–39 years, 40–49 years, and 50–59
years. The questionnaire included more age groups, but the participants in this study
were not older than 59 years or younger than 15 years. The age-groups were
compressed into two groups; 15–39 years, and 40 years and higher. The age-groups
were compressed this way because of similar responses in the respective groups. The
education levels were also made into two categories; Lower education and Higher
education. Participants in the new category Lower education had chosen the following

Melanie Rydgren

28

options: comprehensive school, folk high school, vocational education, higher
vocational education or upper secondary school. Participants in the new category
Higher education had chosen the option university or university of applied sciences.
The educational groups were divided into lower and higher education to make the data
more concise as the specific educational levels were not of significant importance for
the study.
After the data was organized and made dichotomous, the analytical statistics were
conducted. To analyze correlations between dependent and independent variables, the
data were analyzed with linear regression analysis and Spearman rank correlation
analysis. According to Pallant (2011), correlation analyses explore the relationship
between variables and can determine how strong the relationship between variables is.
Linear regression was used to analyze multicollinearty between the variables.
Multicollinearty must be checked before performing analytical statistics, as it might
affect the result of the study. According to Munro (2001), a test of multicollinearty can
show if the independent variables have high or low intercorrelation. If the variables
have a high correlation, the determination of which of the independent values has had
what effect on the dependent values is difficult. This makes it hard to make conclusions
and evaluate the results. According to Pallant (2011), the Spearman rank correlation is
a common method used to find correlations between variables that are ordinal or
ranked data. Rank correlation is also a common method used in health literature. As
the study only has ordinal and nominal data, Spearman rank correlation was seen as a
suitable method to use.
Binary logistic regression was used to detect statistically significant values between
variables. According to Munro (2001), binary logistic regression as a method of
analysis can help the researcher predict if the variables affect the probability of a
certain outcome. According to Pallant (2011), logistic regression can assess the
likelihood of one variable being the reason for a particular result. The odds ratio is a
part of the logistic regression and measures the relative risk of the study.

Melanie Rydgren
6.4.2

29

Qualitative content analysis

The questionnaire handed out during data collection included an open question.
Participants could write their own opinions on what a humanoid robot could do in
healthcare contexts. Of the 57 participants, 27 chose to write a comment. The
comments were 1-2 sentences long and some participants only wrote one word. The
comments were written in Swedish, Finnish and English. All the comments were
translated into English before the analysis was executed.
The qualitative data was analyzed with an inductive, qualitative content analysis by
Graneheim and Lundman (2004). In a qualitative content analysis, the data can be
organized into different sections. The sections in this study were meaning units,
condensations, codes, sub-categories, and main categories.
The data from the open question was transferred from the physical paper sheets into a
computer. The data was inserted into a table with the previously mentioned sections.
The meaning units included words and sentences that answer the research questions.
The meaning units were chosen after reading through the data multiple times, which
made the researcher more familiar with the data (Danielson, 2017). The meaning units
were marked with various colors that represent different themes in the material.
After the meaning units were formed, the sentences were made into condensations.
The condensations make the information more compressed and show different areas
of content in the data according to Danielson (2017). The condensations consisted of
one or few words from the meaning units. The reseacher focused on keeping the
content of the meaning units present as Graneheim et al. (2004) have emphasized. The
coding of the data gave labels to topics that were similar (Danielson, 2017). The coding
of the data was performed after the condensations were finished. Many of the codes
were synonyms and were transformed into sub-categories and main categories.
According to Graneheim et al. (2004), the main categories and sub-categories give an
overview of the data, as it combines content that is related to each other. Before the
sub-categories and main categories were formed, the data was re-read as a whole, to
make sure that no aspects were mistakenly excluded. After this analysis, the researcher
formed five sub-categories and two main categories that answer the research questions

Melanie Rydgren

30

about students’ attitudes, as well as the estimated benefits of humanoid robots. The
main categories and sub-categories of this study are presented as a table in the study
results in Chapter 8 (Table 6).

Melanie Rydgren

7

31

Ethical considerations

All researchers in Finland are recommended to follow the Finnish Advisory Board on
Research Integrity’s (TENK) ethical principles when conducting research. In the
guidelines (TENK, 2019), it is stated that research should be evaluated by an ethics
committee to prevent risks. An ethical review should be carried out before the data
collection has started. This study applied for an ethical approval from the Board for
Research Ethics at Åbo Akademi University (FEN) and from the hospital in western
Finland where the data collection was performed. The research was approved before
the data collection was conducted.
Research can be seen as acceptable, reliable, and valid when it follows the responsible
conduct of research. A study should use methods for data collection, assessment-, and
research that are conformed to scientific research and are ethically sustainable.
Accuracy, meticulousness, and integrity should be present in the whole research
process and implemented in the documentation, presentation, and evaluation of the
research results. A proper list of references and the researcher referencing correctly
are vital parts of the research, to respect the work of other researchers and to avoid
plagiarism. The research process should be described thoroughly, so the reader can
easily follow the trail of the research and reproduce the research and get the same
results. (Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity, 2012).
The study is carefully and thoroughly conducted by having a strong theory and method
base, as suggested in the research guidelines. The study has a clear structure that makes
the research easy to comprehend and reproduceable. The methods used in this study
are described and intertwined with the description of the research process. Previous
knowledge from other researchers have been referenced throughout the text and a
reference list is provided at the end of the paper. The study presents all the results from
the data, without twisting or manipulating the results.
According to Kjellström (2017), humans are often used as a source to create
knowledge in research. Because of this, ethics is an important part of the research
process. The ethical guidelines can help the researcher make sure that participants do
not get harmed in the study process. This includes physical and psychological harm

Melanie Rydgren

32

according to TENK (2019). However, some strain or emotional discomfort is allowed
if it is similar to a situation that could occur in everyday life. All unnecessary harm
should always be avoided. The researcher should respect the participant’s dignity and
autonomy, while following the Finnish constitution (The Constitution of Finland
11.06.1999/731). TENK (2019) also argues that the researcher should inform the
participant about the study and participating in the study should be voluntary. No
minors or people in a vulnerable position were involved in the study. Participating in
the study was voluntary and the participants were informed of the research before
filling out the questionnaire. The participants were allowed to refuse to participate and
discontinue participation whenever they wanted during the research process. The
participants were randomly selected and anonymous, as no names were collected.
None of the participants were intentionally harmed, hurt or excluded because of their
gender or ethnic background. The data was collected from different places and from
different groups of people, which makes the data untraceable and the participants could
not be identified. The physical paper questionnaires were stored in a locked room.
According to Kjellström (2017), a study should have a clear purpose and be beneficial
to the society, the individual and the profession. This study aims to explore the
attitudes towards humanoid robots in healthcare. The study will benefit the individual,
as people get a chance to speak their minds and impact the technological development
in healthcare contexts with their opinions. As the purpose of this study is to produce
more knowledge about attitudes towards humanoid robots in healthcare, the results
will be beneficial for research and the nursing profession. These benefits are presented
in the conclusion of the study in Chapter 11.

Melanie Rydgren

8

33

Results

This chapter presents the results of the study. As the questionnaire consisted of
background questions, the RA-scale, and an open question, the study resulted in both
quantitative and qualitative data. The data from the background questions and the RAscale was considered quantitative and was therefore analyzed with statistical methods
of analysis. The answers on open question in the questionnaire consisted of sentences
and words. The data from the open question were therefore considered qualitative. The
qualitative data was analyzed with the qualitative content analysis.
8.1

Statistical analysis

The statistical methods of analysis include descriptive statistics, analysis of
correlations through linear regression analysis, Spearman rank correlation analysis,
and binary logistic regression analysis. These tests were chosen as they proved to be
suitable for the data in this study.
8.1.1

Descriptive statistics

The study shows that students from the healthcare sector have positive attitudes
towards humanoid robots in healthcare. The highest possible score in the RA-scale
was 55 and the lowest possible score was 11. The higher the scores are, the more
negative the attitudes are towards robots. The participants in this study scored low
points on the RA-scale with the total mean score 28,13 (SD= .56), which equals
positive attitudes. Table 3 shows the mean, median, and standard deviation of the
independent variables opposed to the RA-scale. The lowest possible score was 1 and
the highest possible score was 5. The score 3 equals neutral attitudes. The lower the
score is of the mean and median, the more positive the participants were towards
humanoid robots in healthcare. The mean score of the total data was 2.56, which
indicates that the attitudes towards humanoid robots are positive, as 1 equals high
positive attitudes and 5 equals high negative attitudes. The median for the data was
2.55, with the SD= .56.

Melanie Rydgren

34

Table 3: Comparison of the independent variables
RAS (n=57)

Mean

Median

Total
2.56
2.55
Gender
Female
2.55
2.55
Male
2.66
2.73
Age
15-19
2.95
2.95
20-29
2.59
2.64
30-39
2.63
2.73
40-49
2.38
2.36
50-59
2.43
2.27
First language
Swedish
2.61
2.64
Finnish
2.49
2.50
Other
2.47
2.45
Education
Lower
2.55
2.64
Higher
2.58
2.50
Read or heard of humanoid robots before
Yes
2.54
2.55
No
2.68
2.73
Met humanoid robot before
Yes
2.52
2.64
No
2.56
2.55

SD
.56
.56
.72
.58
.72
.47
.39
.66
.62
.43
.65
.63
.43
.56
.58
.44
.58

The female participants in this study had a lower mean than the male participants,
which shows that women were slightly more positive towards robots. Female
participants scored the mean 2.55 and male participants scored the mean 2.66. Table 3
shows that participants aged 15–19 had the highest mean score of all the age-groups
with a mean at 2.95, which indicates neutral attitudes towards robots as 3 equals neutral
attitudes. The participants aged 40–49 had the most positive attitudes of all the agegroups according to the mean score on the RA-scale (2.38). Participants aged 20–29
scored 2.59 on the RA-scale and participants from 30–39 scored slightly higher with a
mean score at 2.63. The oldest age-group (50–59) got a mean score at 2.43.

Melanie Rydgren

35

The participants who listed Swedish as their first language had the highest mean score
(2.61) of all the language-groups, the participants with Finnish as their first language
scored 2.49. The participants who chose the option “Other” had the lowest mean score
(2.47) and therefore the most positive attitudes of all the language-groups. The data
shows that the level of education had no significant statistical difference in the attitudes
towards humanoid robots. The mean scores differed by 0.03. Participants with a higher
education had the mean score 2.58 and participants with lower education had the mean
score 2.55.
The data shows that participants who had read or heard of humanoid robots prior to
the study had slightly more positive mean scores (2.54) than participants who had not
(2.68). Meeting a humanoid robot before filling in the questionnaire did not have a
significant difference, as the mean scores only differed by 0.04.
The mean of the RA-scale as a whole show what aspects of the robot the participants
were most positive and negative towards. The value 1 equals a very positive attitude,
the value 5 equals a very negative attitude and the value 3 shows a neutral attitude
towards an item. The figure below shows that the participants lowest score was 1.86
and highest score was 2.98. The participants had either positive or neutral attitudes
towards humanoid robots in healthcare (Figure 1).

Helpful - Unhelpful
Simple - Complicated
Safe - Dangerous
Reliable - Unreliable
Easy to use - Hard to use
Advanced - Basic
Interesting - Boring
Strong - Fragile
Trustworthy - Untrustworthy
Useful - Useless
Friendly - Unfriendly

Mean

1

2

3

Figure 1: Means of the items on the Robot attitude scale

4

5

Melanie Rydgren

36

The items in the RA-scale were the following; Helpful– Unhelpful, Simple–
Complicated, Safe–Dangerous, Reliable–Unreliable, Easy to use–Hard to use,
Advanced–Basic, Interesting–Boring, Strong–Fragile, Trustworthy–Untrustworthy,
Useful–Useless, and Friendly–Unfriendly. The items that had the lowest scores, and
therefore the most positive attitudes, were the items Interesting–Boring, Friendly–
Unfriendly, Helpful– Unhelpful, Safe–Dangerous, and Useful–Useless. The item with
the lowest mean was Interesting–Boring. This shows that the participants thought the
humanoid robot was more interesting than boring (1.86). The item Friendly–
Unfriendly got the mean score 2.11, which shows that the participants believed that
humanoid robots are friendly. The mean score for Helpful–Unhelpful was 2.37, which
suggests that the participants were positive, but slightly towards neutral towards robots
being helpful in healthcare contexts. The mean score for Safe–Dangerous gave a
similar result, as the mean was 2.44. This implies that the participants thought the robot
was safe. The item Useful–Useless got the mean score 2.46, which suggests that the
participants thought the robot was useful in healthcare, but the participants were
slightly leaning towards neutral attitudes towards the phenomena.
The items that were ranked with higher mean scores were Advanced–Basic (2.67),
Reliable–Unreliable (2.75), Trustworthy–Untrustworthy (2.79), Strong– Fragile
(2.84), Easy to use–Hard to use (2.86) and Simple–Complicated (2.98). The means of
these items still show positive attitudes, but slightly more neutral than the previous
items with lower mean scores. The item with the highest mean score was Simple–
Complicated (2.98). This suggests that the participants were neutral towards a
humanoid robot being simple or complicated in healthcare. Still, the score was closer
to 1 than 5, which suggests that the participants perceived the robot as more simple
than complicated. None of the participants chose the most negative score (5) on the
items Helpful–Unhelpful, Safe–Dangerous, Advanced–Basic, and Strong–Fragile.

Melanie Rydgren
8.1.2

37

Correlations

Spearman rank correlation analysis and linear regression analysis were conducted to
analyze the correlations between the variables. The linear regression analysis was used
to test multicollinearity between variables. The data met the assumption of collinearity,
which indicated that multicollinearity was not a concern in this study. The
multicollinearity statistics show that the variables had a low correlation, as the VIFvalues were <10 and 1-𝑅 2 = <1 (Munro, 2001). As the test confirms that
multicollinearity was not a problem in this study, the variables were approved, and
other statistical analyses were proceeded.
Spearman rank correlation analysis showed that the correlation between the variables
was low or non-significant. The variable with the strongest correlation was age, where
participants above 40 years were 5 % more likely to have positive attitudes towards
robotics (r= -0.231, sig. 0.084). Another low correlation was found concerning
participants first language, as the participants with Swedish as their first language were
1 % more likely to have negative attitudes towards robotics (r= 0.103, sig. 0.447).
8.1.3

Binary logistic regression

Binary logistic regression was conducted to determine if the predictor variables would
affect the results of the study. The binary logistic regression analysis showed no
significance in the data. The model showed an 11.2 % Naegelkerke R-square of the
variance of the attitudes towards the use and benefits of humanoid robots. The Hosmer
and Lemeshow Goodness of fit test gave a chi-square value of 4.894 and sig. value of
.429. As Pallant (2011) states, a sig. value higher than .05 states that the model is
supported. This shows that binary logistic regression is a suitable method for the data,
although it does not give any statistically significant results.

Melanie Rydgren

38

Table 4: Binary logistic regression predicting likelihood of positive attitudes
Sig.

Odds Ratio (95 % CI)

Gender

0.495

2.344 (0.203-27.107)

Age over 40 years

0.116

2.638 (0.787-8.840)

Education

0.594

1.479 (0.351-6.234)

Swedish-speaking

0.556

1.905 (0.223-16.282)

Finnish-speaking

0.799

1.338 (0.142-12.574)

Read

0.435

2.029 (0.343-11.989)

Met

0.304

0.375 (0.058-2.439)

Constant

0.530

0.462

Table 5 shows the results of the binary logistic regression analysis. The results
disclosed that none of the independent variables made a unique statistically significant
variance contribution to the model, as none of the sig. values were <.05 and odds ratio
values contain the value of 1 (Pallant, 2011).
8.2

Qualitative content analysis

Of the 57 participants in the study, 27 answered the open question in the questionnaire.
Most comments (70.4 %) showed different tasks suitable for humanoid robots in
healthcare and some comments (29.6 %) mentioned different challenges. The results
from the quality content analysis was divided into two main categories and five subcategories.
The challenges with humanoid robots in healthcare that appeared in the data did not
answer the research questions and were therefore removed from the qualitative content
analysis. The comments were included in the analysis of the data as they gave more
value to the study when describing challenges with humanoid robots in healthcare. The
challenges are presented in Chapter 8.3.

Melanie Rydgren

39

Table 5: Main categories and sub-categories
Sub-category

Main category

Care activities
Information management

Assisting care
personnel

Cognitive assistance
Physical assistance
Social assistance

Supporting patients

The main categories were Assisting care personnel and Supporting patients. Both main
categories included multiple sub-categories that described the substance of the main
category. The sub-categories were care activities, information management, cognitive
assistance, physical assistance, and social assistance.
8.2.1

Assisting care personnel

The participants believed the robot could help healthcare personnel in their work. The
robot was considered suitable to educate patients, as well as store and give information.
One participant answered that the robot could “help in care procedures, as for instance
wound assessment”. Other than assisting in care procedures, assisting healthcare
personnel in documentation, medication and monitoring was also seen as possible
tasks for the robot. The robot could also activate patients and assist personnel in
moving the patients as one participant pointed out the importance of “unburdening the
back and body of the caregiver”.
8.2.2

Supporting patients

The analysis showed that the robot could be a suitable tool to assist patients
cognitively. The robot could function as the “patient’s memory” and remind patients
to take their medications. One participant also commented that the robot could function
as a motivator, as it could ”motivate clients to do different activities and daily chores
with the help of speech and hand gestures […]”. Entertainment was a common task
that a humanoid robot was suitable for in healthcare contexts. The robot could play
games with patients and “entertain people waiting (for example in the queue to the
emergency room)”. The robot was seen as suitable as “a person that makes people

Melanie Rydgren

40

sing” and also as “entertainment […] in the care of elderly and children”. One
participant commented that the robot could be “used for games and entertainment, but
nothing else”.
Physical assistance was seen as another suitable task for a humanoid robot. The robot
could fetch objects to people as well as transport patients. Activating patients and
having exercise programs were possibilities seen by the participants as the robot could
do “[…] light exercises with the clients with its hands”. The robot was also seen as “a
tool for other everyday activities”. Safety was also mentioned as an important aspect
and the robot could “[…] be a safety measure if it would react to, for example,
movement”.
The results showed that participants thought the robot could support patients socially.
The robot was seen as a tool to reduce loneliness amongst elderly people. The robot
was seen as a friend to “keep company when the caregiver is not able to be beside the
patient”. Both people with memory disorders and children were mentioned as potential
patient groups. For patients with memory disorders, the robot could be more suitable
than a human in the aspect of patience, as one participant pointed out that “a person
with a memory disorder often ask the same questions from one day to the next, the
robot has the energy to respond”. Children as a patient group was seen suitable as the
robot could assist children with autism to communicate.
8.3

Challenges with humanoid robots in care

8 of the 27 comments in the qualitative data were negative and showed challenges with
humanoid robots in healthcare. The robot was considered hard to use and the
maintenance of the robot was too time-consuming. One participant thought that the
robot was too expensive and commented that ”a robot costs about 1 million right now.
What could not one do with that million to recruit and increase the salary for human
caregivers”. Some participants said that they believed that a robot could not do
anything in healthcare contexts as “[…] the human brain always wins”. Another
participant was also hesitant to robotics in healthcare, but commented that he/she ”[…]
believe that humanoid robots will be more suitable in 15–20 years when the elderly

Melanie Rydgren

41

have lived with technology for a longer time than the elderly have now”. One
participant commented that ”attachment to a robot is scary”.

Melanie Rydgren

9

42

Discussion

The purpose of this study was to explore the attitudes of students from the healthcare
sector towards humanoid robots in healthcare. Previous studies show that Europeans
and the Finnish general population have positive attitudes towards robotics in
healthcare (European Comission, 2015; Turja et al., 2018). Previous studies on
personnel from the healthcare sector show that many have positive attitudes about
robotics in healthcare. (Broadbent et al., 2016; Tuisku et al., 2019; Zsiga et al., 2013).
These results correlate with this study, as the RA-scale gave the total mean score 28.13,
which equals positive attitudes. The result from the statistical analysis gave no
statistically significant result, except for low correlations between the RA-scale scores
on age and language. Participants over 40 years old were 5 % more likely to have
positive attitudes towards robotics and participants with Swedish as their first language
were 1 % more likely to have negative attitudes towards robotics. Both the students
from previous studies and from this study show mostly positive attitudes towards
humanoid robots in healthcare. Despite this, Tuisku et al.:s (2019) study about public
opinions on robotics in healthcare, showed mostly negative attitudes.
The quantitative data and qualitative data show similar results, as the quantitative data
shows positive attitudes and most of the qualitative data were positive. 19 comments
from the qualitative data were positive, while eight comments were negative. A
humanoid robot being helpful is presented in both the quantitative data and the
qualitative data. The quantitative data showed a positive mean score of 2.37 and the
qualitative data presented plenty of areas where the robot could be helpful, such as
assisting care personnel and giving physical, social, and cognitive support to patients.
This also correlates with the perceived usefulness of the robot shown in the
quantitative data, where the data showed a mean score of 2.46 for the item UsefulUseless. In the qualitative data, one participant did not believe the robot could do
anything in healthcare contexts.
The quantitative data show that a humanoid robot is perceived as friendly (2.11), which
was also commented on in the qualitative data when the robot was suggested to be a
companion for patients and a cure for loneliness. The most positive item from the
quantitative data was Interesting-Boring with the mean score 1.86. The mean score

Melanie Rydgren

43

correlates with the qualitative data, as one of the robot’s areas of use was for
entertainment, which implies that the robot is interesting enough to entertain people.
The quantitative data suggested that humanoid robots are easy to use (2.86), while the
qualitative data presents one participant that believed the robot was too hard to use.
The item with the highest mean score and therefore the item that the participants had
the most negative attitudes towards was Simple-Complicated (2.98). The mean score
for the item Simple-Complicated implies that the participants had neutral attitudes
towards humanoid robots in healthcare. The qualitative data show that a humanoid
robot could increase the safety of a patient, which correlates with the quantitative data
item Safe-Dangerous with a mean score of 2.44. Another participant commented that
attachment to the robot is scary, which is different from the mean score. The comment
might also suggest a concern for robots’ trustworthiness and reliability, which both
had positive mean scores in the quantitative data. The comment about the bad timing
of robotics in healthcare suggests that the robot is too advanced for its time, which
correlates with the quantitative data item Advanced-Basic mean score 2.67. The
quantitative item Strong-Fragile (2.84) was not commented on in the open question,
but one comment concerned the maintenance of the robot.
9.1

Study results in relation to previous studies

In a study done by Tuisku et al. (2019), the public opinion was that robots could
increase the quality of care and assist humans. Students believed that caregivers could
be supported by robots and make their work more efficient (Desideria et al., 2019;
Kristoffersson et al., 2013; Sampsel et al., 2014; Tobis et al., 2017). The healthcare
personnel had mixed views on robotics in their workspace (Hebesberger et al., 2017),
as some of the personnel thought that robots would not make much difference in their
work (Broadbent et al., 2016; Göransson et al., 2008), while other care personnel
believed that a robot could ease their workload (Lee et al., 2018; Pino et al., 2015) and
give more variety to their workspace (Tuisku et al., 2019). Some nurses believed that
by delegating some of the simpler tasks to a robot, it could give them more time to
focus on the essential nursing work (Lee et al., 2018). A robot was also seen as a
helpful tool to monitor a patient’s mood or vital signs (Alaiad & Zhou, 2014;
Broadbent et al., 2016; Darragh et al., 2017; Lee et al., 2018), as it can function 24/7

Melanie Rydgren

44

(Bedaf et al., 2017). This partially correlates with the findings in this study, where the
qualitative content analysis showed that students saw many opportunities where robots
could assist care personnel. In the statistical analysis, students also considered robots
as helpful and useful.
Cognitive assistance was one of the sub-categories in the qualitative content analysis,
as students believed that a robot could remind patients to take medications, serve as
patients’ memory, and motivate patients to do activities. Previous studies show that
public attitudes are similar to students’ attitudes, as a study by Noury et al. (2019) also
mentioned the robot serving as a reminder to patients. Cognitive assistance was
mentioned in the previous studies with students by Tobis et al. (2017), where robots
were seen as a tool to motivate patients to be socially active. Previous studies of care
personnel also mentioned the robot’s ability to give cognitive support to patients with
memory disorders (Alaiad & Zhou, 2014; Darragh et al., 2017; Pino et al., 2015;
Rantanen et al., 2018). Entertainment was not an aspect that previous studies about
students had mentioned, although this study had multiple comments about the robot’s
ability to entertain patients. In the statistical analysis, the students were also the most
positive towards robots being interesting. In the study by Noury et al. (2019), the
public opinion was that a robot can entertain humans. This was also supported by
healthcare personnel, as previous studies on healthcare personnel’s attitudes show that
a robot was seen as a suitable source of entertainment in healthcare contexts
(Broadbent et al., 2016; Pino et al., 2015; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014).
Psychical assistance was another sub-category in the qualitative content analysis in
this study. Students that participated in this study believed that a robot can assist
patients by fetching objects, securing patients’ safety, transporting patients, doing
chores, and performing exercise programs for patients. This also correlates with the
perceived helpfulness and usefulness of robots reported in the statistical analysis.
Previous studies show that the general public believed robots could assist humans
(Tuisku et al., 2019), perform daily chores and help patients to move around (Noury
et al., 2019). Physical assistance was not discussed in the previous studies with
students. Healthcare personnel saw robots as a tool for preventing risks and doing
different practical, health-related functions, such as assisting the patient and raising

Melanie Rydgren

45

alarm in emergencies (Alaiad & Zhou, 2014; Bedaf et al., 2016; Broadbent et al., 2016;
Jenkins & Draper, 2015; Pino et al., 2015; Zsiga et al., 2013). Although home care
personnel believed that a robot can help patients exercise, they did not support robots
assisting patients living at home or helping patients by doing household chores. Still,
a majority of home care personnel believed that a robot can improve the safety of
patients that live at home (Rantanen et al., 2018).
Social assistance was mentioned in both previous studies with students and in the
results in this study, as robots were seen as a tool to assist in social interactions
(Kristoffersson et al., 2011; Nomura et al., 2008; Tobis et al., 2017; Tuisku et al.,
2019). The result in this study showed that students believed that a robot is friendly
(2.11) and could function as a companion to the patient, which is contradicted in the
previous study done by Tobis et al. (2017). The results in the study by Tuisku et al.
(2019) show that the general public believes that a robot could increase social
interaction between humans. This is supported by the study made by Noury et al.
(2019), where results show that a robot could interact with a human, but also create
environments for interaction between patients. Healthcare personnel also show
positive opinions on robots supporting patients from a social aspect, by interacting
with humans and creating opportunities for interaction between patients (Alaiad &
Zhou, 2014; Broadbent et al., 2012; Darragh et al., 2017; Göransson et al., 2008; Pino
et al., 2015; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014). Home care personnel did not believe that
a robot could reduce a patient’s loneliness and were worried that a robot would instead
increase the feeling of loneliness (Rantanen et al., 2018).
In this study students showed concerns towards a robot being too expensive, too timeconsuming, scary, and difficult. Still, the participants rated the robot as safe (2.44),
trustworthy (2.79) and reliable (2.75) on the RA-scale. More neutral, but still positive
attitudes were found towards the robot being simple (2.98). In a study done by Tuisku
et al. (2019), the public opinion was that robots might enhance the risk of increasing
the workload of healthcare personnel, the robot taking over jobs and care becoming
more inhumane. The study also showed challenges that the participants mentioned,
such as technical difficulties. Similar results were found in previous studies with
students, where students discussed the technical struggles and elderly not being

Melanie Rydgren

46

prepared for technology this advanced (Tobis et al., 2017; Sampsel et al., 2014). The
statistical analysis in this study showed a contradictory result, as the students believed
the robot to be easy to use (2.86) and strong (2.84). Previous studies with students also
showed concerns about a possible decrease in care quality (Kristoffersson et al., 2011),
passivation of patients (Tobis et al., 2017) and risk of negative impact on patient’s
integrity (Kristoffersson et al., 2011). “Robots should not replace humans” was a
statement from Tobis et al.:s study (2017). The statement correlates with most of
healthcare personnel’s opinions on robotics (Pino et al., 2015; Rantanen et al., 2018;
Tuisku et al., 2019; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014). Previous studies in the subject
with care personnel present the fear that the robot could harm both them and their
patients (Lee et al., 2018; Pino et al., 2015; Wolbring & Yumakulov, 2014) and the
fear of data breach of the patient’s sensitive information (Pino et al., 2015; Wolbring
& Yumakulov, 2014). The statistical analysis in this study shows a contradictory
result, as the students rated the robot as safe (2.44). Care personnel saw technical
challenges in the use of robots for themselves as well as their patients, as they might
not be competent enough to use the new technology (Pino et al., 2015; Tuisku et al.,
2019). Home care personnel believed that they were competent enough to use or to
learn how to use a robot (Rantanen et al., 2018). The care personnel in the study by
Tuisku et al. (2019) also pointed out that robots are easy to use in comparison with
other more advanced technology. The students in this study rated robots as advanced
(2.67) and easy to use (2.86). The financial aspect was also an issue when the new
technology is expensive for society (Pino et al., 2015; Tuisku et al., 2019; Winkle et
al., 2019), which the students in this study also mentioned in the qualitative data.
9.2

Study results in relation to the theoretical framework

The theoretical framework for this study consisted of two ethical models, one by
Beauchamp and Childress (2009) and the other one by Mahoney (2019). Beauchamp
and Childress (2009) created a model for ethics in care that consisted of four principles.
The principles were Autonomy, Beneficence, Non-maleficence, and Justice. The
ethical model by Mahoney (2019) concerned principles for implementing and
developing technology in the care context. The principles in this ethical model were
Respect of persons, Autonomy and consent, Beneficence, Non-maleficence, Justice

Melanie Rydgren

47

and distributional fairness, Privacy and confidentiality. These ethical principles should
be taken into consideration when viewing the results in this study.
The principle Respect of persons expresses the importance of involving different
stakeholders in the development and implementation of new technology in healthcare
contexts, by giving stakeholders the opportunity to express their opinions. The purpose
of this study is to explore the attitudes of a stakeholder towards humanoid robots. The
result of this study supports this principle, as it will provide the attitudes of students
towards robots for future research. The Autonomy and consent-principle addresses that
technology in care contexts should be safe and the patient’s independence and opinions
should be respected. The participants in this study rated the humanoid robot as safe
(2.44) and strong (2.84), which the principle also implies. The opinions of the
participants were respected, as all the collected data was analyzed and presented in his
study.
The Beneficence-principle, concerns helping rather than hurting and technology
matching the needs of the primary users. The participants in this study rated the
humanoid robot as helpful (2.37), interesting (1.86) and useful (2.46). In the qualitative
data the participants also saw many practical tasks that the robot could do, such as
assisting care personnel and patients. The robot was also seen as a source of
entertainment. This result implies that a humanoid robot is beneficial, as it is
considered helpful and useful by students. The principle with similar an object, the
Non-maleficence principle, addresses how caregivers and technology should not be
harmful or cause discomfort. This is supported in the results in this study as the
students believed the humanoid robot to be friendly (2.11). There were still some
concerns that appeared in the qualitative content analysis, where participants were
scared of humans’ attachment to robots and saw the robot as too hard to use, which
implies that there was some discomfort with robotics in healthcare. This does not
correlate with the quantitative data that presents the robot as easy to use (2.86) and
simple (2.98). The Non-maleficence principle also addresses how technology should
be safe and reliable, in which the data in this study support as the robot was considered
reliable and safe.

Melanie Rydgren

48

The fifth principle, Justice and distributional fairness, concerns equality and treating
others just and rightfully. The cost of the robot can be seen as a violation of this
principle, which is a concern that also appeared in the qualitative data. This study
concerned students’ attitudes, which makes the research fairer as it distributes research
to a stakeholder that has not been studied frequently in this context. This principle also
addresses the possible attachment to the robot, but the risk of participants’ attachment
to the robot during the data collection was low as the data was only collected a few
hours a day. The Privacy and confidentiality-principle is supported in the results in this
study, as the participants believed the robot to be reliable (2.75) and trustworthy (2.79).
The humanoid robot in this study did not collect any data from the participants.

Melanie Rydgren

49

10 Methodological considerations
This study had a quantitative approach. Before the data was collected and analyzed, a
background-study in the subject was conducted to get a good knowledge base to start
from. The background consisted of scientific research and publications from hospitals,
ministries, and the government of Finland. After the background knowledge was
compiled, the researcher began to collect articles for the review of previous research.
Early in the search process, the researcher found that there is not a sufficient amount
of research available on students’ attitudes about humanoid robots in healthcare.
Because of this, the researcher included articles from the general public and from
healthcare personnel’s perspective. After the review of the previous research was
completed, the researcher searched for theories that could be suitable for the study aim
and research questions. As ethical aspects were present throughout the articles in the
review, the researcher chose two ethical models consisting of principles that are
present in care contexts, to support the study. The chosen ethical models by
Beauchamp and Childress (2009) and Mahoney (2019) address both the ethical core
of caring, as well as the study’s context and objective.
According to Mårtensson and Fridlund (2017), the quality of a quantitative study is
based on the reliability and validity of the research. The validity of a study shows if
the measuring instrument in use was valid and if chosen methods gave a result that
explains the phenomenon it was intended to explain. Reliability regards how reliable
the measuring instrument was and if the contained result can be reproduced in a way
that provides the same results. No tests of validity were yet to be made for the RAscale, which can be seen as a weakness in this study. The study had high reliability as
the participants were randomly selected and the questionnaires were the same for every
participant, except for a language difference. According to Trost and Hultåker (2016),
a quantitative study’s reliability can be measured through four components;
congruence, precision, objectivity, and constancy. The congruence in this study is
visible as the RA-scale items are similar but offer different nuances of the subject. The
precision in this study was high, as the questions in the questionnaire had clear answer
alternatives that represented different groups, which makes the collected data precise.
The data could only be interpreted in one way. One researcher (M.A.) transferred all
the data from physical paper sheets into Microsoft Excel. Another researcher (M.R.)

Melanie Rydgren

50

transferred the data into SPSS and coded the data. In this way the objectivity was high,
as all the data was transferred and coded in the same way throughout the study. The
questionnaire was answered for a short period of time, which equals a high constancy
as the participants’ attitudes did most likely stay the same during the data collection
period.
The questionnaire and data collection were done by another researcher (M.A.). The
questionnaire was standardized, as the questions were the same for every participant.
The only variety in the questionnaire, was the language. The questionnaire was
translated by an employed translator at the university. The questionnaire had seven
questions about the participant’s background, the RA-scale with eleven items, and an
open question. The questions were structured, where all the questions had alternatives
to choose from, except for one open question where the participants could write a
comment about humanoid robots. The background questions gave a good overview of
the differences between the participants. The background question concerning age
divided the participants into groups, which limited the options of statistical tests for
the data. A continuous variable could have given more freedom of choice according to
Trost and Hultåker (2016). RA-scale gave a good overview of the students’ attitudes,
but the scale has not frequently been used in other studies which gave an uncertainty
on the scale’s quality. This should be taken into consideration when viewing the data
and the results. The open question at the end of the questionnaire gave more value to
the study and showed more nuances of the attitudes.
The data collection was done in a university and a hospital. Researchers (M.A., L.N.)
were present to answer questions and handed out the questionnaire. Researchers being
present and presenting the study is important to motivate the participants to answer
properly according to Trost and Hultåker (2016). The data collection was randomized,
which is preferred when exploring a phenomenon in a population. One of the study’s
weaknesses is the response rate. According to Mårtensson and Fridlund (2017), a study
with a high response rate has a higher reliability. Factors that could have had an impact
on the response rate could be the locations where the data collection was made or the
restricted data collection period. As the study results show that some participants were
scared of the robot, fear might also be a factor.

Melanie Rydgren

51

The methods for analyzing data were statistical analyses and qualitative content
analysis. The statistical analyses included descriptive statistics, correlations, and
binary logistic regression analysis. Before choosing the methods for statistical
analyses, multiple methods were tested. Binary logistic regression analysis gave a
result with the most value to the study. Most of the variables for the linear regressionand logistic binary regression analyses were dichotomized. According to Trost and
Hultåker (2016), dichotomization can be considered a risk for the study’s results,
because it can cover up correlations and the researcher might lose statistically
significant data. The researcher and supervisors decided to dichotomize some of the
variables, as it was necessary for the analyses. The dichotomizations in this study were
performed in a way that no significant data in the study’s interest was lost. Groups that
had similar data were combined. The presentation of results was clear and consisted
of tables and figures to make the data more visible. The data was not twisted by the
researcher and the results present the data as it is. The result was compared with the
previous studies and theoretical framework, which gave more value to the study.

Melanie Rydgren

52

11 Conclusion
This study showed that students from the healthcare sector have positive attitudes
towards humanoid robots in healthcare. The participants scored low points on the RAscale and got the total mean score 28.13 (SD= .56), which equals positive attitudes.
The majority of the comments in the qualitative data were positive. The result from
the quantitative data shows that none of the participant’s background variables had
significant correlations, except for low correlations between the RA-scale scores on
age and language. Participants over the age of 40 years were 5 % more likely to have
positive attitudes towards robotics, and participants with Swedish as their first
language were 1 % more likely to have negative attitudes towards robotics. The lack
of high significance between variables might imply that attitudes are individual and
not related to any demographical variable. As not many of the participants had met a
humanoid robot before, the lack of their experience might make it hard to have a strong
opinion on the subject. This might explain why some participants gave more neutral
answers. The item that the participants scored the lowest mean score on, and therefore
had the most positive attitudes towards, was Interesting-Boring. The item with the
highest mean score, and therefore the item which the participants had the most negative
attitudes towards, was Simple-Complicated.
The qualitative data resulted in two main categories; Assisting care personnel and
Supporting patients. The qualitative data also showed concerns that students have
towards humanoid robots in healthcare contexts. Both the quantitative and qualitative
data show that students believe the robot to be interesting, helpful, useful, friendly,
and safe. More neutral attitudes were expressed towards the robot being easy-to-use,
simple, advanced, and strong. Some challenges, such as costs and attachment to the
robot, were expressed in the qualitative data, even if the RA-scale proved that the
majority of the attitudes toward humanoid robots were positive.
As the purpose of this study was to produce more knowledge about attitudes towards
humanoid robots in healthcare, the study will be beneficial for research and the nursing
profession. The results in this thesis present possible implications in clinical praxis,
education, and leadership. Concerning clinical praxis, the results in this study, as well
as previous studies, show that robotics could support the healthcare personnel in their

Melanie Rydgren

53

work. The nursing profession can benefit from the study, as the implementation of
robots in healthcare contexts impacts their work and a robot might give them more
time for interacting with patients instead of paperwork. The result might even be
beneficial when developing and implementing new technology. As more technology
is implemented into the healthcare sector, the caregivers meant to use the product
might not have the appropriate training or technical understanding to use the product
(Riek, 2017). Revenäs and Derneborg (2019) imply that risks in care can be reduced
if the healthcare personnel have enough experience with and knowledge about new
technology. More experience and knowledge can enhance the quality as well as safety
in care. The lack of training or technical understanding implies that the education
sector might need to consider more technology training in the nursing education.
Kristoffersson et al. (2011) suggest that technology should be introduced earlier in
education to increase acceptance. This study gives an insight into how students from
the healthcare sector perceive humanoid robots, which might be of value concerning
leadership, as leaders have to know what benefits and challenges humanoid robots can
have in their specific context. Ultimately the study will also be beneficial to society,
as the result may impact decisions concerning robotics and technology in healthcare.
Future research concerning humanoid robots in healthcare contexts is recommended,
as a larger sample would provide more statistically significant results. Multiple
stakeholders could be compared to find interesting similarities and differences. An
interesting aspect would be to study the behavior between students and robots, and to
explore how well suited the robot is in different contexts. The interaction between a
human and a robot is also a field that needs more research. To involve multiple
stakeholders, it would be an idea to create environments where all stakeholders can
meet and develop products together.
It is important for authorities and developers to have knowledge about how many
possibilities robotics in healthcare can present, but also understand the challenges that
have to be addressed before implementing technology into healthcare contexts. As the
attitudes in this study were positive, society might be able to live up to the
recommendations by the Finnish Government and The Ministry of Social Affairs and
Health to implement more robotics in healthcare. The positive attitudes found in this

Melanie Rydgren

54

study bode well, as the results can help society develop the new health system, as well
as support society in maintaining the welfare system.

Melanie Rydgren

55

12 Swedish summary
Humanoida robotar i vården – en kvantitativ studie om studerandes
attityder

Enligt den finländska regeringen (2019) har andelen äldre i den finländska
befolkningen ökat medan nativiteten har minskat. Färre människor är aktiva i
arbetslivet och stöder den nordiska välfärdsmodellen. Enligt Kataja (2016) har antalet
registrerade sjukskötare minskat, vilket lägger en större press på sjukvården. Under de
senaste åren har finländska tidningar publicerat oroande artiklar om brister som
framkommit i vården samt vårdenheter som avslutat sin verksamhet (VSSHP, 2015;
HUS, 2016; Valvira, 2019). Den finländska regeringen planerar en reform av socialoch hälsovårdssektorn. Enligt regeringens handlingsplan (2019) är syftet med
reformen att " främja välfärden och minska ojämlikheten och att reformera
strukturerna inom social- och hälsotjänsterna och den sociala tryggheten" (s. 38). I
regeringsprogrammet (2019) framförs det att en metod för att nå dessa mål är att införa
ny teknik i hälso- och sjukvården. Social- och hälsovårdsministeriet (2017) föreslår
även en ökning av robotik inom hälso- och sjukvården. Dumouchel och Damiano
(2017) beskriver en robot som en konstgjord arbetare som kan fungera självständigt
och anpassa sina funktioner till miljön. Robotar är utformade för att utföra uppgifter
som människor kan utföra. På så vis kan robotar ersätta människans arbetsinsats. Enligt
Riek (2017) kan robotik användas inom olika områden inom sjukvården, till exempel
på sjukhus, i vårdhem, på mottagningar och även i patientens hem. En typ av robot
som kan vara lämplig för vårdkontexter är humanoida robotar. Winfield (2014) skriver
att humanoida robotar är robotar designade för att efterlikna människor. Humanoida
robotar kan ha sensorer eller andra system som gör det möjligt för dem att röra sig
autonomt eller kommunicera med människor.
Denna avhandling är en del av ett pågående projekt vid enheten för
vårdvetenskap vid Åbo Akademi i Vasa. Projektet undersöker attityder till och
uppfattningar om humanoida robotar i vården bland patienter, studerande,
vårdpersonal, lärare, anhöriga och annan personal som arbetar inom hälso- och
sjukvårdssektorn. En aktör som inte har studerats lika ingående som de övriga
ovannämnda är studerande. Eftersom studerande är blivande personal inom hälso- och

Melanie Rydgren

56

sjukvården, kommer studerandena vara de personer som implementerar robotarna i sitt
arbete och därmed även i hälso- och sjukvårdssektorn. Syftet med denna studie var att
utforska studerande från hälsovårdssektorns attityder mot humanoida robotar i vården.
Frågeställningarna för studien var (1) Vilka attityder har studerande från
hälsovårdssektorn mot humanoida robotar i vården? samt (2) Vilken nytta kan en
humanoid robot ha i vården enligt studerande från hälsovårdssektorn? Avhandlingen
hade ett kvantitativt tillvägagångssätt. Både kvantitativa och kvalitativa data samlades
in genom en enkätstudie. Datainsamlingen varade i tre veckor i November–December
2018. Enkäten delades ut på ett sjukhus i Västra Finland och under en
hälsovetenskaplig konferens vid ett universitet i Västra Finland. Sju av frågorna i
enkäten berörde deltagarnas bakgrund (ålder, kön, utbildning, språk, träffat robot, hört
om robotar och orsak till besök). Deltagarnas bakgrundsinformation beskrivs i Tabell
2. Enkäten hade elva objekt från the Robot attitude scale (RAS) skapad av Broadbent
et al. (2012). Deltagarna poängsatte objekten från ett till fem. Den sista frågan i
enkäten var en öppen fråga där deltagarna kunde kommentera vad de tror att en robot
kan göra i vården.
Resultat
Resultatet för denna studie visar att studerande från hälsovårdssektorn hade positiva
attityder mot humanoida robotar i vården. De statistiska analyserna gav endast låga
eller non-signifikanta resultat. Deltagarna fick låga poäng på RA-skalan och det totala
medelvärdet 28.13 (SD = .56), vilket motsvarar positiva attityder. Medelvärdet för
objekten på skalan som en helhet var 2.56, vilket indikerar att attityderna mot
humanoida robotar var positiva. (Tabell 2).
De kvinnliga deltagarna i denna studie fick medelvärdet 2.55 och manliga
deltagare fick medelvärdet 2.66, vilket innebär att kvinnor var något mer positiva mot
robotar än vad män var. Tabell 2 visar att deltagarna i åldern 15–19 hade neutrala
inställningar till robotik (2.95). Deltagarna i åldern 40–49 år hade de mest positiva
attityderna av alla åldersgrupper (2.38). Data visade att modersmål och
utbildningsnivå inte hade någon signifikant statistisk inverkan på attityderna mot
humanoida robotar. Data visar att deltagare som hade läst eller hört om humanoida
robotar före studien hade något mer positivt medelvärde (2.54) än övriga deltagare.
Att ha träffat en humanoid robot före studien hade ingen signifikant inverkan på
attityderna. I Figur 1 beskrivs RA-skalans objekt. Data visar att deltagarna tyckte att

Melanie Rydgren

57

den humanoida roboten var intressant (1.86), vänlig (2.11), hjälpsam (2.37), säker
(2.44) och användbar (2.46). Deltagarna ansåg även att roboten avancerad (2.67),
tillförlitlig (2.75), pålitlig (2.79), hållbar (2.84), lätt att använda (2.86) och enkel
(2.98). De sistnämnda medelvärdena visar att deltagarna hade mer neutrala
inställningar mot objekten, men attityderna var ändå positiva.
Korrelationer analyserades med Spearmans rangkorrelationsanalys och linjär
regressionsanalys. Den linjära regressionsanalysen visade att multikollinearitet inte
var ett problem i denna studie. Spearmans rangkorrelationsanalys visade att
korrelationen mellan variablerna var låga eller icke-signifikanta. Deltagare över 40 år
var 5 % mer benägna att ha positiva inställningar till robotik (r = -0.231, sig. 0,084).
Deltagare med svenska som modersmål var 1 % mer benägna att ha negativa attityder
mot robotik (r = 0.103, sig. 0.447). Den binära logistiska regressionsanalysen visade
ingen statistisk signifikans i data. Modellen visade 11.2 % Naegelkerke R-Square av
variationen i attityderna mot humanoida robotar. Hosmer and Lemeshow Goodness of
fit-testet gav chi-två värdet 4.894 och sig. värdet .429 (Tabell 5).
Av de 57 deltagarna i studien svarade 27 på den öppna frågan i enkäten.
Majoriteten av kommentarerna (70.4 %) beskrev olika arbetsuppgifter som skulle vara
lämpliga för humanoida robotar och 29.6 % av kommentarerna nämnde utmaningar
med humanoida robotar. Resultaten från den kvalitativa innehållsanalysen delades in
i två huvudkategorier och fem underkategorier (Tabell 6). Utmaningarna som
deltagarna uttryckte besvarade inte studiens forskningsfrågor. Kommentarerna ingick
i studiens analys av data eftersom de gav ett mervärde till studien. Den första
huvudkategorin i den kvalitativa innehållsanalysen var att roboten kan fungera som en
assistent för vårdpersonal. Roboten kunde hjälpa personal vid vårdåtgärder,
informationshantering, läkemedelshantering och monitorering av patienter. Roboten
ansågs även som lämplig för att utbilda patienter. Den andra huvudkategorin var att
roboten kunde stöda patienter kognitivt, fysiskt och socialt. Roboten kunde påminna
patienter att ta sina mediciner. En deltagare kommenterade att roboten kunde
”motivera klienter till olika aktiviteter och dagliga sysslor [...]”. Roboten ansågs kunna
underhålla patienter i väntrum. Deltagarna ansåg att roboten kunde aktivera patienter
samt transportera patienter och föremål. Roboten beskrevs som ett verktyg för att
skapa trygghet och motverka ensamhet bland äldre. Roboten beskrevs som en vän som
kan ”hålla sällskap när vårdgivaren inte kan vara bredvid patienten”.

Melanie Rydgren

58

Åtta kommentarer beskrev utmaningar med humanoida robotar i vården.
Roboten ansågs vara svår att använda och skötseln av roboten var för tidskrävande. En
deltagare tyckte att roboten var för dyr. En deltagare ansåg att en robot inte kunde göra
någonting alls i vården eftersom "[...] den mänskliga hjärnan vinner alltid". En annan
deltagare kommenterade att ”[…] robotar kommer att vara mer lämpliga om 15-20 år
när äldre har levt med teknik i större utsträckning än de äldre nu”. En deltagare
kommenterade att ”anknytningen till en robot är skrämmande”.
Slutsats
Denna studie visar att studerande från hälsovårdssektorn har positiva attityder mot
humanoida robotar i vården. Deltagarna fick låga poäng på RA-skalan med det totala
medelvärdet 28,13 (SD = .56), vilket motsvarar positiva attityder. Majoriteten av
kommentarerna i studiens kvalitativa data var positiva. Resultatet från de kvantitativa
data visar att deltagarnas bakgrundsvariabler inte hade signifikanta korrelationer,
förutom låga korrelationer mellan RA-skalans poäng för ålder och språk. Avsaknaden
av hög statistisk signifikans mellan variabler kan innebära att attityder är individuella
och inte relaterade till någon demografisk variabel. De kvalitativa data resulterade i
två huvudkategorier: assistent till vårdpersonal och stöd för patienter. Studerande
beskrev även utmaningar med humanoida robotar i vården. Både de kvantitativa och
kvalitativa data visar att studerandena tycker att roboten är intressant, användbar,
vänlig och säker. Studerande förhöll sig mer neutralt till att roboten var lätt att använda,
enkel, avancerad och hållbar. Vissa utmaningar, såsom kostnader och anknytning till
roboten, uttrycktes i studiens kvalitativa data även om resultatet från RA-skalan visade
att attityderna mot humanoida robotar mestadels var positiva.
Resultaten i denna studie, liksom tidigare studier, visar att robotik kan stöda
vårdpersonalen i deras arbete. I takt med att mer teknik implementeras i hälso- och
sjukvårdssektorn kan de vårdgivare som ska använda produkten ha bristfällig kunskap
i att använda produkten (Riek, 2017). Det kan innebära att utbildningssektorn bör
överväga mer teknisk utbildning i vårdutbildningen. Denna avhandling ger en inblick
i hur studerande från hälsovårdssektorn uppfattar humanoida robotar, vilket kan vara
värdefullt för ledarskap eftersom ledare bör veta vilka fördelar och utmaningar
humanoida robotar kan ha i deras specifika sammanhang. Eftersom attityderna i denna
studie var positiva, öppnar det möjligheten för att implementera mer robotik i hälsooch sjukvårdssammanhang enligt rekommendationerna från den finländska regeringen

Melanie Rydgren

59

samt social- och hälsovårdsministeriet. De positiva attityderna i denna undersökning
bådar gott, eftersom resultaten kan hjälpa samhället att utveckla det nya hälsosystemet
och upprätthålla välfärdssystemet i samhället.

Melanie Rydgren

References
Abbott Diabetes Care. (2019). Freestyle diabetes. Retrieved November 27, 2019, from
Freestyle Libre: https://freestylediabetes.fi/tuotteemme/freestyle-libre
Ahonen, O., Kinnunen, U.-M., & Kuori, P. (2016). Sähköiset terveyspalvelut
hoitotyössä. In Suomen sairaanhoitajaliitto, Hoitotyön vuosikirja: Teknologia
sosiaali- ja terveydenhuollossa (pp. 11-30). Helsinki: Fioca oy.
Akhtaruzzaman, M., & Shafie, A. A. (2010). Evolution of Humanoid Robot and
Contribution of Various Countries in Advancing the Research and
Development of the Platform. Gyeonggi-do: International Conference on
Control, Automation and Systems.
Alaiad, A., & Zhou, L. (2014). The determinants of home healthcare robots adoption:
An empirical investigation. International Journal of Medical Informatics, 83,
825–840.
Al-Taee, M., Kapoor, R., Garrett, C., & Choudhary, P. (2016). Acceptability of robot
assistant in management of type 1 diabetes in children. Diabetes technology
and therapeutics.
Andersson, C., Haavisto, I., Kangasniemi, M., Kauhanen, A., Tikka, T., Tähtinen, L.,
& Törmänen, A. (2016). Robotit töihin: Koneet tulivat - mitä tapahtuu
työpaikoilla? Helsinki: Finnish Business and Policy Forum EVA.
APC Prosthetics. (2019). Bionic Limbs. Australian Academy of Science. Retrieved
December

16,

2019,

from

https://www.science.org.au/curious/people-

medicine/bionic-limbs
Arman, M., & Rehnsfeldt, A. (2011). Vårdande som lindrar lidande. Stockholm:
Liber.
Arman, M., Dahlberg, K., & Ekebergh, M. (2015). Teoretiska grunder för vårdande.
Stockholm: Liber.
Astell, A., & Semple, J. (2019). Can robots, apps, and other technologies meed the
future global demands of dementia? In F. Jotterand, M. Ienca, T. Wangmo, &
B. Elger, Intelligent assistive technologies for dementia (pp. 48-70). New
York: Oxford University Press.
Baldwin, C. (2005). Technology, dementia, and ethics: Rethinking the issues.
Disability Studies Quarterly , 25(3), 1-29.

Melanie Rydgren
Beauchamp, T., & Childress, J. (2009). Principles of biomedical ethics. New york:
Oxford university press.
Bedaf, S., Draper, H., Gelderblom, G.-J., Sorell, T., & de Witte, L. (2016). Can a
service robot which supports independent living of older people disobey a
command? The views of older people, informal carers and professional
caregivers on the acceptability of robots. International Journal of Social
Robotics, 8, 409-420.
Bedaf, S., Marti, P., Amirabdollahian, F., & de Witte, L. (2017). A multi-perspective
evaluation of a service robot for seniors: the voice of different stakeholders.
Disability and rehabilitation: assistive technology, 1-8.
Beran, T., Ramirez-Serrano, A., Vanderkooi, O., & Kuhn, S. (2015). Humanoid
robotics in health care: An exploration of children's and parents' emotional
reactions. Journal of health psychology, 20(7), 984-989.
Beuscher, L., Fan, J., Sarkar, N., Dietrich, M., Newhouse, P., Miller, K., & Mion, L.
(2017). Socially assistive robots: Measuring older adults perceptions. Journal
of gerontology nursing, 12, 35-43.
Billhult, A. (2017). Bortfallsanalys och beskrivande statistik. In M. Henricson,
Vetenskaplig teori och metod - Från idé till examination inom omvårdnad (pp.
265-283). Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Billhult, A. (2017). Enkäter. In M. Henricson, Vetenskaplig teori och metod - Från idé
till examination inom omvårdnad (pp. 121-132). Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Billhult, A. (2017). Kvantitativ metod och stickprov. In M. Henricson, Vetenskaplig
teori och metod - Från idé till examination inom omvårdnad (pp. 99-110).
Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Broadbent, E., Kerse, N., Day, K., & Macdonald, B. A. (2012). Attitudes towards
health-care robots in a retirement village. Australasian Journal on Ageing,
31(2), 115-120.
Broadbent, E., Kerse, N., Peri, K., Robinson, H., Robins, B., Jayawardena, C., . . .
Amor, M. (2016). Benefits and problems of health-care robots in aged care
settings: A comparison trial. Australian journal on Ageing, 35(1), 23-29.
Broadbent, E., Kuo, I. H., Lee, Y. I., Rabindran, J., Kerse, N., Stafford, R., &
Macdonald, B. A. (2010). Attitudes and Reactions to a healthcare robot.
Telemedicine and e-health, 16(5), 608-613.

Melanie Rydgren
Caleb-Solly, P., Dogramadzi, S., Ellender, D., Fear, T., & van den Heuvel, H. (2014).
A Mixed-Method approach to evoke creative and holistic thinking about robots
in a home environment. International conference on human-robot interaction
(pp. 374-381). Bielefeld: Institute of electrical and electronics engineers.
Coco, K., Kangasniemi, M., & Rantanen, T. (2018). Care personnel's attitudes and
fears toward care robots in elderly care: a comparison of data from the care
personnel in Finland and Japan. Journal of nursing scholarship, 50(6), 634644.
Danielson, E. (2017). Kvalitativ innehållsanalys. In M. Henricson, Vetenskaplig teori
och metod - Från idé till examination inom omvårdnad (pp. 285-300). Lund:
Studentlitteratur.
Darragh, M., Ahn, H. S., Macdonald, B., Liang, A., Peri, K., Kerse, N., & Broadbent,
E. (2017). Homecare robots to improve health and well-being in mild cognitive
impairment and early stage dementia: Results from a scoping study. Journal of
the American Medical Directors Association, 18(12).
Desideria, L., Ottavianic, C., Malavasi, M., di Marzioa, R., & Bonifaccia, P. (2019).
Emotional processes in human-robot interaction during brief cognitive testing.
Computers in Human Behavior, 90, 331–342.
Draper, H., Sorell, T., Bedaf, S., Sverre Syrdal, D., Gutierrez-Ruiz, C., Duclos, A., &
Amirabdollahian, F. (2014). Ethical Dimensions of Human-Robot Interactions
in the Care of Older People: Insights from 21 Focus Groups Convened in UK,
France and the Netherlands. International Conference of social robotics (pp.
135-145). Sydney: Springer international publishing.
Dumouchel, P., & Damiano, L. (2017). Living with robots. Cambridge: Harvard
University Press.
Edlund, M. (2002). Människans värdighet, ett grundbegrepp inom vårdvetenskapen.
Åbo: Åbo Akademi Universiy.
Eriksson, H. (2014). Vårdvetenskap och postmodernitet : en introduktion. Lund:
Studentlitteratur.
Eriksson, K. (2018). Vårdvetenskap - Vetenskapen om vårdandet om det tidlösa i tiden.
Stockholm: Liber AB.
European Comission. (2012). Public attitudes towards robots. Luxenbourg: European
union.

Melanie Rydgren
European comission. (2015). Special Eurobarometer 427: Autonomous Systems.
European comission.
European Comission. (2018). The 2018 Ageing Report - Economic & Budgetary
Projections for the 28 EU Member States (2016-2070). Luxenbourg: European
Union.
European Comisson. (2014). eHealth Action Plan 2012-2020: Frequently Asked
Questions.

Brussels.

Retrieved

from

https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/MEMO_12_959
Finnish advisory board on research integrity. (2012, November 14). Responsible
conduct of research and procedures for handling allegations of misconduct in
Finland.

Retrieved

May

10,

2019,

from

http://www.tenk.fi/sites/tenk.fi/files/HTK_ohje_2012.pdf
Finnish Government. (2019, October 17). Government Action Plan. Inclusive and
competent Finland – a socially, economically and ecologically sustainable
society. Helsinki, Finland. Retrieved from http://urn.fi/URN:ISBN:978-952287-791-8
Finnish Government. (2019, December 10). Programme of Prime Minister Sanna
Marin’s Government 10 December 2019. Inclusive and competent Finland – a
socially, economically and ecologically sustainable society. Helsinki, Finland.
Retrieved from http://urn.fi/URN:ISBN:978-952-287-811-3
Finnish national board on research integrity TENK. (2019, March). The ethical
principles of research with human participants and ethical review in the human
sciences

in

Finland.

Helsinki,

Finland.

Retrieved

from

https://www.tenk.fi/sites/tenk.fi/files/Ihmistieteiden_eettisen_ennakkoarvioin
nin_ohje_2019.pdf
Fischinger, D., Einramhof, P., Papoutsakis, K., Wohlkinger, W., Mayer, P., Panek, P.,
. . . Vincze, M. (2016). Hobbit, a care robot supporting independent living at
home: First prototype and lessons learned. Robotics and autonomous systems,
75, 60-78.
Frennert, S., Östlund, B., & Eftring, H. (2012). Would Granny Let an Assistive Robot
into Her Home? International conference of social robotics (pp. 128-137).
Berlin: Springer international publishing.

Melanie Rydgren
Frennert, S., Östlund, B., & Eftring, H. (2013). What Older People Expect of Robots:
A Mixed Methods Approach. International conference of social robotics (pp.
19-29). Springer international publishing.
Fuji, S., Date, M., Nagai, Y., Yasuhara, Y., Tanioka, T., & Ren, F. (2011). Research
on the possibility of humanoid robots to assist in medical activities in nursing
homes and convalescent wards. 7th International Conference on Natural
Language Processing and Knowledge Engineering (pp. 459-463). Tokushima:
IEEE.
Graneheim, U. H., & Lundman, B. (2004). Qualitative content analysis in nursing
research: concepts, procedures and measures to achieve trustworthiness. Nurse
Education Today, 24(2), 105-112.
Gudnason, M., Harrikari, M., Lagercrantz, H., Simic, N., Svensson, H., Gerd, V., . . .
Winterberg, E. (2012). Fokus på velfærdsteknologi. Dronninglund: Nordens
välfärdscenter.

Retrieved

from

https://nordicwelfare.org/wp-

content/uploads/2017/10/Velfc3a6rdsteknologi_enk.pdf
Göransson, O., Pettersson, K., Larsson, P., & Lennernäs, B. (2008). Personals attitudes
towards robot assisted health care - a pilot study in 111 respondents. Medical
and care compunetics 5, 137, 56-61.
Hebesberger, D., Koertner, T., Gisinger, C., & Pripfl, J. (2017). A long-term
autonomous robot at a care hospital: A mixed methods study on social
acceptance and experiences of staff and older adults. International Journal of
Social Robotics, 9(3), 417–429.
Helsinki University Hospital. (2016, December 13). Porvoon sairaalan synnytykset
siirtyvät HUS:n muihin sairaaloihin 21.12.2016. Helsinki, Finland. Retrieved
from

https://www.hus.fi/hus-tietoa/uutishuone/Sivut/Porvoon-sairaalan-

synnytykset-siirtyv%C3%A4t-HUS-n-muihin-sairaaloihin-21-12-2016-.aspx
Jenkins, S., & Draper, H. (2015). Care, monitoring, and companionship: Views on care
robots from older people and their carers. International Journal of Social
Robotics, 7(5), 673–683.
Kataja, M. P. (2016). Robotiikka tarvitsee lisää osaajia. In Suomen sairaanhoitajaliitto,
Hoitotyön vuosikirja: Teknologia sosiaali- ja terveydenhuollossa (pp. 57-72).
Helsinki: Fioca oy.
Katevas, N. (2001). Mobile robotics in healthcare. Amsterdam: IOS Press.

Melanie Rydgren
Kjellström, S. (2017). Forskningsetik. In M. Henricson, Vetenskaplig teori och metod
- Från idé till examination inom omvårdnad (pp. 57-80). Lund:
Studentlitteratur.
Kompaï robotics. (2019). Kompaï the robot. Retrieved December 17, 2019, from
Kompaï robotics: https://kompairobotics.com/robot-kompai/
Kristoffersson, A., Coradeschi, S., & Loutfi, A. (2013). A Review of Mobile Robotic
Telepresence. Advances in Human-Computer Interaction, 1-17.
Kristoffersson, A., Coradeschi, S., Loutfi, A., & Severinson-Eklundh, K. (2011). An
Exploratory Study of Health Professionals’ Attitudes about Robotic
Telepresence Technology. Journal of Technology in Human Services, 29(4),
263–283.
Latikka, R., Turja, T., & Oksanen, A. (2018). Self-efficacy and acceptance of robots.
Computers in human behavior, 93, 157-163.
Lee, J.-Y., Song, Y. A., Jung, J. Y., Kim, H. J., Kim, B. R., Do, H.-K., & Lim, J.-Y.
(2018). Nurses' needs for care robots in integrated nursing care services.
Journal of advanced nursing, 74, 2094-2105.
Louie, W.-Y. G., Li, J., Vaquero, T., & Nejat, G. (2014). A Focus Group Study on the
Design Considerations and Impressions of a Socially Assistive Robot for
Long-Term Care. The 23rd IEEE International Symposium on Robot and
Human Interactive Communication, (pp. 237-242). Edinburgh.
Maalouf, N., Sidaoui, A., Elhajj, I. H., & Asmar, D. (2018). Robotics in Nursing: A
Scoping review. Journal of nursing scholarship, 50(6), 590-600.
Mahoney, D. (2010). An evidence-based adoption of technology model for remote
monitoring of elders' daily actitivies. Ageing International, 36(1), 66-81.
Mahoney, D. F. (2019). Developing assistive technologies for persons with alzheimer's
disease and their carers. In F. Jotterand, M. Ienca, T. Wangmo, & B. Elger,
Intelligent assistive technologies for dementia (pp. 203-220). New York:
Oxford University Press.
Mahoney, D., LaRose, S., & Mahoney, E. (2015). Family caregivers' perspectives on
dementia-related dressing difficulties at home: The preservation of self model.
Dementia, 14(4), 494-512.
Marsh, A. (2018, September 28). Elektro the Moto-Man had the biggest brain at the
1939

world's

fair.

IEEE

Spectrum.

Retrieved

from

Melanie Rydgren
https://spectrum.ieee.org/tech-history/dawn-of-electronics/elektro-themotoman-had-the-biggest-brain-at-the-1939-worlds-fair
Mendell, J. S., Palkon, D. S., & Popejoy, M. W. (1991). Health managers' attitudes
toward robotics and artificial computer intelligence: An empirical
investigation. Journal of Medical systems, 15(3), 197-204.
Ministery of social affairs and health. (2019, October 7). Vaasan sairaalaan laaja
ympärivuorokautinen päivystys. Retrieved from Finnish Government:
https://valtioneuvosto.fi/artikkeli/-/asset_publisher/1271139/vaasansairaalaan-laaja-ymparivuorokautinen-paivystys
Ministry of employment and the economy. (2014). Terveysalan tutkimus ja
innovaatiotoiminnan kasvustrategia. TEM raportteja 12/2014.
Ministry of Social Affairs and Health. (2010). Teknologia ja etiikka sosiaali- ja
terveysalan hoidossa ja hoivassa. Helsinki.
Ministry of Social affairs and health. (2017, June 26). Kvalitetsrekommendation för
att trygga ett bra åldrande och förbättra servicen 2017–2019. Helsinki, Finland.
Retrieved from http://urn.fi/URN:ISBN:978-952-00-3961-5
Mori, M. (1970). The Uncanney Valley. 7(4), 33-35. (K. F. MacDorman, & T. Minato,
Trans.) Energy.
Munro, B. H. (2001). Statistical Methods for Health Care research (4 ed.).
Philadelphia: Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Mårtensson, J., & Fridlund, B. (2017). Vetenskaplig kvalitet i examensarbete. In M.
Henricson, Vetenskaplig teori och metod - Från idé till examination inom
omvårdnad (pp. 421-438). Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Nomura, T., Suzuki, T., Kanda, T., Han, J., Shin, N., Burke, J., & Kato, K. (2008).
What people assume about humanoid and animal-type robot: cross-cultural
analysis between japan, korea and the united states. International journal of
humanoid robotics, 5(1), 25-46.
Noury, G. A., Bradwell, H., Thill, S., & Jones, R. (2019). User-defined challenges and
desiderata for robotics and autonomous systems in health and social care
settings. Advanced robotics, 33(7-8), 309-324.
Nyberg, R., & Tidström, A. (2012). Skriv vetenskapliga uppsatser, examensarbeten
och avhandlingar. Lund: Studentlitteratur.

Melanie Rydgren
Orejana, J. R., MacDonald, B. A., Ahn, H., Peri, K., & Broadbent, E. (2015).
Healthcare Robots in Homes of Rural Older Adults. International conference
of social robotics (pp. 512–521). Springer international publishing.
Pallant, J. (2011). SPSS Survival Manual. A step by step guide to data analysis using
SPSS (4 ed.). Sydney: Open University Press.
Papadopoulos, I., & Koulouglioti, C. (2018). The influence of culture on attitudes
towards humanoid and animal-like robots: an integrative review. Journal of
Nursing scholarship, 50(6), 653-665.
Papadopoulos, I., Koulouglioti, C., & Ali, S. (2018). Views of nurses and other health
and social care workers on the use of assistive humanoid and animal-like robots
in health and social care: a scoping review. Contemporary Nurse, 54(4-5), 425442.
Pickens, J. (2005). Attitudes and perceptions. In N. Borkowski, J. Gordon, J. Pickens,
K. L. Guo, Y. Sanchez, R. DeYoung, . . . P. D. Maxwell, Organizational
behavior in health care. Sudbury: Jones and Bartlett Publishers.
Pino, M., Boulay, M., Jouen, F., & Rigaud, A.-S. (2015). "Are we ready for robots that
care for ur?" Attitudes and opinions of older adults toward socially assistive
robots. Frontiers in aging neuroscience, 7(141).
Polit, D. F., Tatano Beck, C., & Hungler, B. P. (2001). Essentials of nursing research:
Methods, appraisal and utilization. Philadelphia: Lippincott Williams &
Wilkins.
Prakash, A., & Rogers, W. A. (2015). Why Some Humanoid Faces Are Perceived
More Positively Than Others: Effects of Human-Likeness and Task.
International journal of social robotics, 7, 309-331.
Pripfl, J., Körtner, T., Batko-Klein, D., Hebesberger, D., Weninger, M., & Gisinger,
C. (2016, 5 25). Social service robot to support independent living Experiences from a field trial. Zeitschrift für gerontologie und geriatrie, pp.
282-287.
Rantanen, T., Lehto, P., Vuorinen, P., & Coco, K. (2018). The adoption of care robots
in home care - A survey on the attitudes of Finnish home care personnel.
Journal of clinical nursing, 27, 1846-1859.
Revenäs, H., & Derneborg, M. (2019). Medicintekniska produkter – grundläggande
kunskap för vårdpersonal. Stockholm: Liber AB.

Melanie Rydgren
Riek, L. D. (2017, November). Healthcare Robotics. Communications of the ACM,
60(11), pp. 68-78.
Robinson, H., Macdonald, B. A., Kerse, N., & Broadbent, E. (2013). Suitability of
healthcare robots for a dementia unit and suggested improvements. JAMDA,
14, 34-40.
ROSE consortium. (2017). Robotics in Care Services: A Finnish Roadmap. Helsinki:
Academy of Finland.
Sampsel, D., Vermeersch, P., & Doarn, C. R. (2014). Utility and Effectiveness of a
Remote Telepresence Robotic System in Nursing Education in a Simulated
Care Environment. Telemedicine and e-Health, 20(11), 1015-1020.
Sandman, L., & Kjellström, S. (2018). Etikboken - Etik för vårdande yrken (2 ed.).
Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Shadish, W. R., Cook, T. D., & Campbell, D. T. (2002). Experimental and quasiexperimental designs for generalized casual interference (4 ed.). Boston:
Houghton Mifflin.
Sitzman, K., & Watson, J. (2017). Watson's caring in the digital world: A guide for
caring when interacting, teaching and learning in cyberspace. New York:
Springer publishing company.
Smarr, C.-A., Mitzner, T. L., Beer, J. M., Prakash, A., Chen, T. L., Kemp, C. C., &
Roger, W. A. (2014). Domestic Robots for Older Adults: Attitudes,
Preferences, and Potential. International journal of social robotics, 6, 229-247.
Softbank robotics. (2019). About us. Retrieved November 06, 2019, from Softbank
robotics: https://www.softbankrobotics.com/emea/index.php/en/pepper
Softbank Robotics. (2019). NAO the humanoid and programmable robot. Retrieved
November

26,

2019,

from

Softbank

robotics:

https://www.softbankrobotics.com/emea/en/nao
Softbank Robotics. (2019). Pepper the humanoid and programmable robot. Retrieved
November

06,

2019,

from

Softbank

robotics:

https://www.softbankrobotics.com/emea/index.php/en/pepper
Streiner, D. L., Norman, G. R., & Cairney, J. (2015). Health measurement scales - A
practical guide to developement and use (5 ed.). Oxford: Oxford University
Press.
Sääskilahti, K., Kangaskorte, R., Pieskä, S., Jauhiainen, J., & Luimula, M. (2012).
Needs and User Acceptance of Older Adults for Mobile Service Robot. 2012

Melanie Rydgren
IEEE RO-MAN: The 21st IEEE International Symposium on Robot and Human
Interactive Communication, (pp. 559-564). Paris.
The Hospital District of Southwest Finland, VSSHP. (2015, May 19). Tiedote
Varsinais-Suomen sairaanhoitopiirin hallituksen kokouksesta 19.5.2015.
Retrieved from The Hospital District of Southwest Finland, VSSHP:
http://www.vsshp.fi/fi/sairaanhoitopiiri/media-tiedotteetviestinta/tiedotteet/Sivut/Tiedote-Varsinais-Suomen-sairaanhoitopiirinhallituksen-kokouksesta-19.5.2015.aspx
Tobis, S., Cylkowska-Nowak, M., Wieczorowska-Tobis, K., Pawlaczyk, M., &
Suwalska, A. (2017). Occupational Therapy Students’ Perceptions of the Role
of Robots in the Care for Older People Living in the Community. Occupational
Therapy International, 2017(2), 1-6.
Trost, J., & Hultåker, O. (2016). Enkätboken (5 ed.). Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Tuisku, O., Pekkarinen, S., Hennala, L., & Melkas, H. (2019). "Robots do not replace
a nurse with a beating heart" - The publicity around a robotic innovation in
elderly care. Information Technology and People, 32(1), 47-67.
Turja, T., Van Aershot, L., Särkikoski, T., & Oksanen, A. (2018). Finnish healthcare
professionals' attitudes towards robots: Reflections on a pupulation sample.
Nursing Open, 5, 300-309.
US department of health and human services. (1975). The Belmont Report: Ethical
principles and guidelines for protection of humans subjects of research.
Retrieved from https://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/regulations-and-policy/belmontreport/read-the-belmont-report/index.html
Wada, K., & Shibata, T. (2007). Living With Seal Robots—Its Sociopsychological
and Physiological Influences on the Elderly at a Care House. IEEE
Transactions on robotics, 23(5), 972-980.
Wallach, W., & Allen, C. (2009). Moral Machines - Teaching robots right from wrong.
New york: Oxford university press.
Valvira. (2019, December 11). Puutteita vanhustenhuollon palveluasumisen
lääkäripalvelujen

järjestämisessä.

Finland.

Retrieved

from

https://www.valvira.fi/-/puutteita-vanhustenhuollon-palveluasumisenlaakaripalvelujen-jarjestamisessa
Valvira. (2019, April 23). Valviralta valvontamääräys Esperi Care Oy:lle – epäkohdat
ja puutteet korjattava kaikissa vanhustenhuollon yksiköissä. Helsinki.

Melanie Rydgren
Retrieved from https://www.valvira.fi/-/valviralta-valvontamaarays-espericare-oy-lle-epakohdat-ja-puutteet-korjattava-kaikissa-vanhustenhuollonyksikoissa
Valvira. (2019, March 18). Valviran ja aluehallintovirastojen tarkastyskäynnit
vanhusten hoivakodeissa - samanlaiset ongelmat toistuivat monin paikoin.
Finland.

Retrieved

from

https://www.valvira.fi/-/valviran-ja-

aluehallintovirastojen-tarkastuskaynnit-vanhusten-hoivakodeissasamanlaiset-ongelmat-toistuivat-monin-paikoin
Van Aershot, L., Turja, T., & Särkikoski, T. (2017, 12 15). Roboteista tehokkuutta ja
helpotusta hoitotyöhön? Työntekijät empivät, mutta teknologia ei pelota.
Yhteiskuntapolitiikka, pp. 630-640.
van den Heuvel, R. J., Lexis, M. A., & de Witte, L. P. (2017). Robot ZORA in
rehabilitation and special education for children with severe physical
disabilities: a pilot study. International Journal of Rehabilitation Research,
40(4), 353–359.
Vandemeulebroucke, T., Dierckx de casterlé, B., & Gastmans, C. (2018). How do
older adults experience and percieve socially assistive robots in aged care- a
systematic review of qualitative evidence. Aging and mental health, 2, 149167.
Wiklund Gustin, L., & Bergbom, I. (2017). Vårdvetenskapliga begrepp i teori och
praktik (2 ed.). Lund: Studentlitteratur.
Winfield, A. (2014). Robotik. Fri tanke förlag.
Winkle, K., Caleb-Solly, P., Turton, A., & Bremner, P. (2019). Mutual shaping in the
design of socially assistive robots: a case study on social robots for therapy.
International journal of social robotics, 1-20.
Wolbring, G., & Yumakulov, S. (2014). Social Robots: Views of Staff of a Disability
Service Organization. International journal of social robotics, 20, 457–468.
Wu, Y.-H., Cristancho-Lacroix, V., Fassert, C., Faucounau, V., de Rotrou, J., &
Rigaud, A.-S. (2016). The Attitudes and Perceptions of Older Adults With
Mild Cognitive Impairment Toward an Assistive Robot. Journal of applied
gerontology, 35(1), 3-17.
Wu, Y.-H., Fassert, C., & Rigaud, A.-S. (2012). Designing robots for the elderly:
Appearance issue and beyond. Archives of gerontology and geriatrics, 54, 121126.

Melanie Rydgren
Xu , Q., Ng, J. S., Tan, O. Y., & Huang, Z. (2015). Needs and attitudes of Singaporeans
towards home service robots: a multi-generational perspective. Universal
access in the Informatics society, 14(4), 477–486.
Ya-huei, W., Wrobel, J., Cornuet, M., Kerhervé, H., Damnée, S., & Rigaud, A.-s.
(2014). Acceptance of an assistive robot in older adults: a mixed-method study
of human–robot interaction over a 1-month period in the living lab setting.
Clinical Interventions in Aging, 9, 801–811.
Zorarobotics. (2019). Nao for Zora. Retrieved November 28, 2019, from Zorabots:
https://zorarobotics.be/index.php/en/zorabot-zora
Zsiga, K., Edelmayer, G., Rumeau, P., Peter, O., Toth, A., & Fazekas, G. (2013). Home
care robot for socially supporting the elderly: focus group studies in three
European countries to screen user attitudes and requirements. International
journal of rehabilitation research, 36(4), 375-378.

Finland’s acts and decrees
The Constitution of Finland 11.06.1999/731. www.finlex.fi [retrieved: 20.02.2020]
Lag om produkter och utrustning för hälso- och sjukvård 24.06.2010/629.
www.finlex.fi [retrieved: 03.03.2020]
Act

on the status

[retrieved:19.03.2020]

and rights

of

patients

17.8.1992/785.

www.finlex.fi

Melanie Rydgren
Appendix 1: Questionnaire

Undersökning om humanoida robotar i vård och omsorg
Vi, forskare vid vårdvetenskapen i Vasa, är intresserade av Dina
uppfattningar och attityder gällande användning av humanoida robotar i
vården. Du behöver inte skriva namn på enkäten, Dina svar kommer
därmed vara helt anonyma. Ta god tid och svara så ärligt Du kan.
Bakgrundsinformation om Dig
Kryssa i ett alternativ:
Kön:
Kvinna
Man
Annat
Ålder:
15-19
20-29
30-39
40-49
50-59
60-69
70-79
80-89
90Vad är Ditt modersmål?
Svenska
Finska
Engelska
Annat Vad:_______________

Melanie Rydgren

Du befinner dig här som:
Patient
Anhörig
Vårdare
Läkare
Studerande
Forskare
Lärare
Annan personal, vad:_____________
Annat,
vad:_____________
Vilken skolutbildning har Du? Ange högsta utbildning:
Folkskola
Mellanskola
Folkhögskola
Yrkesskola, Facklig skola
Högre yrkesutbildning
Studentexamen
Universitets- eller högskoleutbildning
Har Du tidigare läst eller hört om humanoida robotar?
Ja
Nej
Har Du tidigare träffat en humanoid robot?
Ja
Nej

Melanie Rydgren

Vänligen ringa in det nummer som bäst motsvarar Dina åsikter.
Gällande användning av humanoida robotar i vård och omsorg, uppfattar
jag robotar som:
1

2

3

4

vänliga
1

ovänliga
2

3

4

användbara
1

2

3

4

2

3

4

2

3

4

2

3

4

2

3

4

2

3

4

2

3

4

hjälpsamma

5
farliga

2

3

4

enkla
1

5
otillförlitliga

säkra
1

5
svåra att använda

tillförlitliga
1

5
grundläggande

lätta att använda
1

5
tråkiga

avancerade
1

5
ömtåliga

intressanta
1

5
opålitliga

hållbara
1

5
oanvändbara

pålitliga
1

5

5
komplicerade

2

3

4

5
ohjälpsamma

Melanie Rydgren

Berätta gärna mer om vad Du tror att en humanoid robot kunde göra inom vård
och omsorg:

Tack för Dina svar! Har Du frågor kontakta oss gärna:
Doktorand i hälsovetenskaper Malin Andtfolk
Åbo Akademi i Vasa
malandtf@abo.fi
+35800444802

