Maste r’s Thesis in Inter national Law and Human
Rights

Okuefuna, Silas Obinna
SECESSION AND THE TERRITORIAL INTEGRITY OF STATES

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
MDP in International Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Katarina Krause
Åbo Akademi
2020

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Law and
Human Rights
Author: Okuefuna, Silas Obinna
Title of the Thesis: Secession and the Territorial Integrity of States
Supevisor: Katarina Krause
Supevisor:
Abstract:
Emergence of new States usually is preceded by conflicts. The quest to establish less violent
ways of solving territorial and or secessionist disputes led to this research, which examined the
concept of secession, whether there is a right to secession under international law in light of the
principle of territorial integrity of States. Towards answering the research question, the research
explored concepts like self-determination, remedial secession, unilateral secession, and effects
of membership or non-membership of the United Nations by an independent nation. The
research aimed to establish the scope and extent of the right to self-determination under
international law, and the remedies available to an oppressed minority group in a State if they
chose to secede from the parent State as a result of the oppression. Topical active secessionist
movements, especially in Africa and Europe were used as instances to highlight the different
aspects of the right to self-determination and how Parent States react in the face of apparent or
imminent assault on the territorial integrity of the respective States, with the Scottish scenario
serving as a contemporary comparative model from which other secessionist agitations and
States responses were viewed. The research was done using doctrinal research method which
was based on the exposition, analysis, and critique of legal prepositions and doctrines as
contained in legal texts and judicial decisions.
The research showed that although there is an already established State practice which favours
preservation of the territorial integrity of States, (unilateral) secession however, was not
prohibited under international law, and new States are emerging as a result of secession. There
is a right to external self-determination for all colonised and oppressed people, subject, in
Africa, to certain limitations imposed by a case law. Finally, the research underscored the
importance of the concept of remedial secession in issues related to oppressed minority
population, and the fact that although an oppressed minority population can claim a right to
remedial secession, secession itself, is more of a political than legal recourse, and any attempt
to unilaterally secede without much international support may be an exercise in futility given
the military might and coercive powers of a Parent State.
Key words:
Secession, unilateral secession, remedial secession, self-determination,
Date: 18th May, 2020

Number of pages: 69
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and
annexes): 28965

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

i

Contents
Chapter 1: Introduction .............................................................................................. 1
1.1

Background.................................................................................................... 1

1.2

Research Question ........................................................................................ 2

1.3

Methodology and Sources ........................................................................... 3

1.4

Scope and Limitations .................................................................................. 4

Chapter 2: Attaining Statehood ................................................................................. 5
2.1

State Formation under International Law................................................. 5

2.2

State Membership of the United Nations .................................................. 9

2.3

Significance of Non-membership of the United Nations...................... 14

Chapter 3: Self-determination leading to State Formation.................................. 18
3.1

The Right to Self-determination ............................................................... 18

3.2

Extent of the Right to Self-determination................................................ 24

3.3

Right to Remedial Self-determination and Territorial Integrity .......... 25

Chapter 5: Secession and the Modern State........................................................... 27
4.1

Human Rights Concerns and Territorial Integrity ................................ 27

4.2

Criminalising Agitations for the Exercise of the Right to Self-

determination ......................................................................................................... 33
Chapter 5: Secession and the Courts ...................................................................... 38
5.1

The ICJ and Secession ................................................................................ 38

5.2

Regional Courts and Secession I (The ECtHR)....................................... 44

5.3

Regional Courts and Secession II (The ACHR) ...................................... 48

5.4

National Courts and Secession (Quebec Case)....................................... 52

Chapter 6: Scotland as a Contemporary Precedent .............................................. 56
6.1

From Biafra to Scotland ............................................................................. 56

6.2

The Option of Remedial Secession ........................................................... 65

6.3

Conclusion ................................................................................................... 68

BIBLIOGRAPHY .......................................................................................................... i

ii

Chapter 1: Introduction
1.1 Background
At the end of the second world war, the United Nations1 was established to maintain
world peace and ensure that events which led to the two previous world wars do not
occur again so as not to have a third world war. The Charter establishing the UN in its
article 12 laid out the aims of the organisation to include among others, “relating with
nations based on respect for the principles of equal rights and self-determination of
peoples.” Prior to the establishment of the UN, there was no legal procedure or laid
down rules as to how nations become independent; States were won and lost by
conquest, war, colonisation, etc. Since the League of Nations was unable to prevent
World War II, the UN in its determination to ensure world peace and safeguard the
fundamental rights of persons, recognised the right of peoples to self-determination in
articles 1(2) and 55.3
Secession is the withdrawal of a group from a larger group. This is usually used to
denote situations relating to political withdrawal of a people or group from a
sovereign State to form an independent State. In the past, people went to war on the
slightest excuse, and a Sovereign can use lethal and disproportionate force to crush
any dissident, uprising, or challenge to its territorial integrity through secession. Then,
hardly will a State be held to account for its excessive use of force towards a minority
or breakaway group. There were no institutions for that nor were there any strong
international commitments in favour of broad fundamental human rights of people to
choose for themselves their political future or how they were to be governed.
However, in recent time, war, which used to be the predominant means of settling
political disputes, has receded as new States are emerging without the drumbeats of
war. The advent of the United Nations after WW II provided stability at the
international scene. It offered less violent ways of solving political conflicts by

1

Hereinafter referred to as the UN
The Charter of the United Nations
3
ibid
2

1

recognising the right to self-determination in the Charter establishing the United
Nations and in some human rights Covenants as well as establishing institutions for
the effective implementation of its treaties and agreements. The UN also serves as a
platform for gauging the independence of States by admitting to its membership only
independent States. The UN being the main international body that brings together
majority of the world’s independent countries, its recognition of States in the form of
admission into the membership of the UN is an important element in discussions on
State formation, and so will be considered as well in this research.

1.2 Research Question
Self-Determination, as a right, is a peremptory norm of international law which is
recognised under the UN Charter and by the two international human rights
Covenants.4 The scope and extent of the concept of self-determination, as enunciated
in the UN Charter and the two Covenants, however, has been a source of controversy
among jurists and legal scholars on the applicability of that right in specific situations.
Understanding of the right to self-determination, in this work, will be narrowed to
external self-determination and equated to a right to secede or to form an independent
country out of an existing, invading or colonising State. In this research, the researcher
will attempt to answer the question; whether there is a right to secession generally,
under international law. In answering the above research question, the researcher will
seek to answer sub-questions such as whether an oppressed minority population have
the right to secede from its parent State; the lawfulness of unilateral declarations of
independence under international law; and whether UN membership is a condition
precedent for a successful secession or independence of a country. The research
question will be considered in light of the territorial integrity principle of Member
States of the UN, and international legal pathways for protecting minorities within
States.

4

The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR); and the International Covenant on
Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights (ICESCR)

2

1.3 Methodology and Sources
The researcher will adopt doctrinal research method in answering the above research
questions in this thesis. The choice of doctrinal method in this research stems from the
fact that the research will mostly be based on the exposition, analysis, and critique of
legal prepositions and doctrines as contained in legal texts and judicial decisions.
There are two primary law-creating processes under international law; custom and
treaty.5 The Statute of the International Court of Justice listed the sources of
international law to include international conventions/ treaties; international customs;
general principles of law recognised by civilised nations; and subject to certain
conditions,6 judicial decisions and teachings of the most highly qualified publicists of
the various nations.7 Judicial decisions and teachings of the most highly qualified
publicists of the various nations serve as subsidiary sources while the rest are primary
sources of international law.
International treaties and customs, being the primary sources of international law will
be used extensively in this research as the research is based on international law. In
this wise, international law customs, charters, treaties, conventions and declarations
including the United Nations Charter; the African Charter on Human and People’s
Rights; the European Convention on Human Rights; the International Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights; the International Covenant on Economic, Social, and
Cultural Rights; Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries
and Peoples8; and any other international, multinational, or regional bodies’ law
documents that dealt with or dwelt on secession and right to self-determination will be
used.
Reliance will also be placed on judicial pronouncements from international tribunals
as they give effect to the provisions of treaties and customs of international law
through judicial interpretation. Decisions from select international tribunals like the
International Court of Justice;9 European Court of Human Rights;10 and African

5

nd

Cassese A., International Law, 2 Ed (Oxford University Press, 2004), p. 198
Decisions from the ICJ has no binding force except between the parties and in respect of that
particular case. See art. 59 Statute of the International Court of Justice
7
Art. 38 (1) Statute of the International Court of Justice
8
Adopted by General Assembly Resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960
9
Hereinafter referred to as “the ICJ”
6

3

Commission on Human Rights11 will be used as national discussions on secession in
this research revolved mostly around Europe and Africa, and which are affected by
decisions of the ECtHR and the ACHR respectively as well as the ICJ. General
Comments as well as decisions of treaty bodies12 that concern the right to selfdetermination will also be used here as well. Decisions from national courts do not
necessarily influence the development of international law, but such are pointers to the
attitudes or sentiments with which national governments may implement their foreign
policies or international obligations, which may in turn influence the development of
international customs. Decisions from national courts are weak sources under
international law. Nevertheless, consideration of a select few national courts’
decisions will shed more light on secession discussions and the attitude of States
towards agitation for secession within their borders. The research will also make use
of peer reviewed articles and texts focusing on secession and right to selfdetermination as part of the subsidiary sources. Finally, a few selected internetsourced materials will also be used in this research, although internet-sourced
materials have the least probative value in academic writings.

1.4 Scope and Limitations
This research is aimed at answering the question whether there is a right to secession
under international law; whether an oppressed minority population have the right to
secede from its parent State; the lawfulness of unilateral declarations of independence
under international law and whether UN membership is a condition precedent for a
successful secession or independence of a country. Discussions on secession will
revolve around the right to self-determination, which in this case, is limited to external
self-determination. External self-determination arises where a people, in the exercise
of their right to self-determination, chooses to form a country of their own out of the
existing country in which they were formerly subsumed. This research will not go into
internal self-determination as it is beyond the scope of this work.

10

Hereinafter referred to as “the ECtHR”
Hereinafter referred to as “the ACHR”
12
Charged with monitoring the implementation of the above treaties.
11

4

Chapter 2: Attaining Statehood
2.1 State Formation under International Law
There are generally no laid down rules under international law as to how States are
formed or become independent. Historically, States are formed through the imposition
of a national language and a level of literacy, a common coinage, the fusing of a
territory into a single time-space system through innovations in transportation,
communication and temporality, and the unification of legal codes and authority. 13
Prior to the First World War14, a State could come into being when a national
movement secures independence, and other States acknowledging the established facts
of statehood.15 This means that independence and recognition were the prerequisites
for Statehood prior to World War I. It is unclear, however, the level of recognition
required by the international community before a State could be deemed to have been
properly formed. As there were no laid down rules for State formation, the practice of
States in recognising or withdrawing recognition from States becomes important in
determining State formation. The fact that not all sovereign States recognise a new
State as sovereign does not in itself erode the sovereignty of that new State. States
which recognise the independence of that new State would deal with the State as a
sovereign, while States which fail to recognise the new State will either deal with the
new State through intermediaries, have limited dealings with the new State, or decide
to refrain from doing any business or having any dealings whatsoever with the new
State.
A new dawn on State formation emerged after World War I in 1919 with the Paris
Peace Conference wherein the victorious allied powers met to form the League of
Nations, and remap the boundaries of the defeated Central and Eastern European
Countries. At the Peace Conference, boundaries were redrawn along ethnic lines, and

13

Rose N., and Miller P., “Political Power beyond the State: Problematics of Government”, in The
British Journal of Sociology, vol. 43, No. 2, 1992, p. 176; Giddens A., The Nation State and Violence:
Volume Two of a Contemporary Critique of Historical Materialism, (Cambridge: Polity, 1985)
14
Hereinafter referred to WW I
15
Orentlicher D. F., “International Responses to Separatist Claims: are Democratic Principles
Relevant?”, in Macedo s. and Buchanan A., Secession and Self-Determination (Eds), (New York: New
York University Press, NOMOS XLV, 2003), p. 21

5

disputed territories were resolved through internationally supervised plebiscites.16 The
concept of plebiscite and redrawing of borders along ethnic or national lines were
subtle recognition of self-determination principle as a guiding principle in State
creation during the conference. Buoyed by this subtle recognition in the redrawing of
the Central and Eastern European borders, Woodrow Wilson17 attempted to rally the
other allied powers to incorporate the principles of self-determination into the
covenant of the League of Nations.18 The intended incorporation will allow for such
territorial readjustments, as may in the future become necessary by reason of changes
in the then racial conditions and aspirations, or social and political relationships.19 The
proposal was unpopular with the other allied powers as there was general apathy
towards secession at the time, and so it failed.
With the proposal’s failure, self-determination was not considered to be an
international legal norm, the principle having been used once prior to World War II in
the remapping of the Central and Eastern European Countries, and therefore an
isolated case. There were some national movements and countries at the time that
sought to take advantage of Wilson’s proposal on self-determination without
succeeding. In the Aaland Islands Question20, for instance, representatives of the
Aaland Islands21 at the Paris Peace Conference, sought the annexation of Aaland
Islands to Sweden. The application of the Aaland Islands’ representatives were
premised on the ground that the Aaland Islands were previously part of the Swedish
kingdom before the Islands were conquered by Russia in 1809. They based their
agitation on the “the right of peoples to self-determination as enunciated by President
Wilson”.22 At the time Russia conquered and annexed the Aaland Islands, Finland was
part of Russia as an autonomous Grand Duchy. Upon annexation, Aaland Islands
became part of the Grand Duchy of Finland within the Russian empire. With the
declaration of independence from Russia in 1917 by Finland, Aaland Islands came
under Finland’s direct rule, hence the national movement by the Aaland Islands to re16

Orentlicher D. F., art. Cit., p. 21
th
28 President of the United States
18
Orentlicher D. F., art. Cit., p. 21
19
Wilson W., “Covenant (Wilson’s First Draft)”, in Miller D. H., The Drafting of the Covenant, vol. 2
(New York: G. P. Putnam’s Sons, 1928), p. 12
20
The Aaland Islands Question: Report Submitted to the Council of the League of Nations by the
Commission of Rapporteurs, League of Nations Doc. B7.21/68/106 (1921), 27
21
Which were part of Finland on Finland’s independence from Russia in 1919
22
Papers Relating to the Foreign Relations of the United States: The Paris Peace Conference 1919, vol.
4 (Washington D.C.: Government Printing Press Office, 1943), p. 172
17

6

join the Kingdom of Sweden. Finland argued that Aaland Islands was incorporated 23
as a territory under the Grand Duchy of Finland24 which gained independence from
the Russian empire in 1917. According to Finland, any decision on this issue would
amount to an interference with the sovereignty of Finland as it is a matter which,
under international law, falls within its domestic jurisdiction. Sweden, on the other
hand, espoused the position that the inhabitants of the Islands be allowed to determine
their political status through a plebiscite in line with the propositions of President
Wilson.
Confronted with these thorny issues of sovereignty over domestic issues and selfdetermination, the newly established League of Nations appointed a Committee and a
Commission to look into the Aaland Islands matter. They were the Committee of
Jurists to Determine Whether the League of Nations was Competent to Consider the
Petition Filed by the Representatives of Aaland Islands against Finland; and a
Commission of Rapporteurs to Assess the Merits of the Petition Filed by Sweden on
the Aaland Island Question.25 The Committee and the Commission came up with
identical reports to the effect that the principle of free determination was not, properly
speaking, a rule of international law26, even though it played an important part in
modern political philosophy27. The Committee of Jurists opined that if there were to
be a manifest and continued abuse of a State’s sovereignty against a minority
population, such scenario will be proper to bring an international dispute arising from
the domestic scenario within the competence of the League of Nations. 28 This thus left
open the possibility of a remedial secession where a State continually abuses its
sovereignty over its minority populations, or as a last resort when the State lacks
either the will or the power to enact and apply just and effective guarantees of
minority rights29. The two reports ended agitations for incorporation of selfdetermination as a principle of international law under the defunct League of Nations,
even though their conclusions established a possibility for remedial self-determination
when a Parent State fails in its duties towards its minority populations.
23

Orentlicher D. F., art. Cit., p. 40
The predecessor to the modern State of Finland
25
Orentlicher D. F., art. Cit., p. 40
26
The Aaland Islands Question, p. 28
27
“Report of the International Committee of Jurists Entrusted by the Council of the League of Nations
with the Task of Giving an Advisory Opinion upon the Legal Aspects of the Aaland Island Question,”
League of Nations Official Journal, supp. 3 (1920), p. 9
28
Report of the International Committee of Jurists, p. 5
29
The Aaland Islands Question, p. 28
24

7

The decolonisation policy of the United Nations resulted in a dramatic increase in the
number of independent and Sovereign States right after the Second World War. The
decolonisation policy led to several colonies and overseas territories asserting their
right to self-determination, gaining independence and acceding to the membership of
the United Nations. From original membership of 51 sovereign nations, the United
Nations now boasts of membership of 193 independent States.30 Majority of these
newly established States, post-World War II31, became independent as a result of the
right to self-determination clause contained in the UN Charter, and the UN’s resolve
to pursue decolonisation as one of its major aims.
Apart from the UN’s decolonisation drive, some States emerged as a result of the
dissolution of a parent State. This is evident in the dissolution of the former Union of
Soviet Socialist States32 into 15 independent States,33 and the former Socialist Federal
Republic of Yugoslavia which dissolved into 7 independent States 34. Also, new States
had been known to emerge through the merging of 2 or more previously independent
States. This was evident in the merging of the Federal Republic of Germany and the
German Democratic Republic35 to form the present Federal Republic of Germany.
In other cases, nationalist movements may engage a parent State in warfare which
may culminate in the declaration of independence by the nationalists. The Sudanese
civil wars which lasted for decades is a good example as the Southern Sudan engaged
the Northern Sudan in a civil war demanding for representation in government and
regional autonomy.36 The outcome of the Sudanese civil wars was the independence
of South Sudan in 2011 and accession as the 193rd Member State of the United
30

Growth in United Nations Membership, 1945-present, http://www.un.org/en/sections/memberstates/growth-united-nations-membership-1945-present/index.html, accessed on 17/03/2018 at
16:21
31
Hereinafter referred to as “the WW II”
32
Abbreviated to USSR
33
Walker E. W., Dissolution: Sovereignty and the breakup of the Soviet Union (Rowman & Littlefield,
2003), p. 2. The States that emerged out of the defunct USSR in 1991 include Armenia, Azerbaijan,
Belarus, Estonia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, MOLDOVA, Russia, Tajikistan,
Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan.
34
Laurent J. C., & Melady T., “The Seven States of the Former Yugoslavia: An Evaluation”,
https://www.iwp.edu/news_publications/detail/the-seven-states-of-the-former-yugoslavia-anevaluation, accessed on 17/03/2018 at 18:15. The States that previously belonged to the defunct
Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia are Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Kosovo, Macedonia,
Montenegro, Serbia, and Slovenia.
35
Which at the time were both independent countries and were admitted into the UN in 1973
36
Poggo S., The First Sudanese Civil War: Africans, Arabs, and Israelis in the Southern Sudan, 19551972 (Palgrave Macmillan, 2009), p. 113

8

Nations. The Eritreans went to war against Ethiopia which lasted for 30 years when
the latter annexed the former in 1962. Eritrea was established by the United Nations as
an autonomous region under a federal arrangement within Ethiopia in 195237, but the
subsequent annexation a decade later abolished its autonomy thereby sparking the 30
year civil war.38 The Eritreans were able to drive away the Ethiopian forces from their
land, and subsequently declared independence from Ethiopia on April 27, 1993
following a referendum conducted and supervised by the United Nations Observer
Mission to Verify the Referendum in Ethiopia39.

East Timor40 too gained

independence from Indonesia after a civil war with the later.41
It is pertinent to note, however, that not all wars for secession or self-determination
succeed or eventually lead to total independence and recognition by the United
Nations. For instance, the then Eastern Region of Nigeria engaged in a 30 months civil
war of independence against the Nigerian State wherein it unilaterally proclaimed an
independent State known as the Republic of Biafra with Enugu as its capital. The new
Biafran State was short-lived as it was subsequently re-annexed by Nigeria in January
1970 after the capitulation of the Biafran forces.

2.2 State Membership of the United Nations
A State is deemed as properly constituted, if the State possesses certain attributes that
identifies a State. The attributes include permanent population; defined territory;
government; and capacity to enter into legal relations.42 A State must be composed of
a population ruled by a government, and residing within a defined territory over which
the State exercises sovereignty to the exclusion of other States or sovereigns. Prior to
WW II, the presence of the above four characteristics is all that is needed for a State to
be deemed independent and sovereign, in addition to recognition by some other

37

UN, The United Nations and the Independence of Eritrea (The UN Blue Books Series, Vol XII), p. 4
Ibid
39
Otherwise referred to as UNOVER
40
Also known as Timor-Leste
41
Hainsworth P., From Occupation and Civil War to Nation-Statehood: East Timor and the Struggle for
Self-Determination and Freedom from Indonesia (IBIS Discussion Paper No. 5, Patterns of Conflict
Resolution, University College Dublin)
42
Article 1 of the Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States, 1933
38

9

States.43 However, with the advent of the United Nations in 1945 after WW II, a new
chapter on State creation, recognition and consular relations emerged. In addition to
possessing the four criteria of a State, a modern State must also seek membership of
the United Nations44 by seeking the recognition and support of other Member-States
of the organisation. Article 4 (1) of the United Nations Charter stipulates that
Membership in the United Nations is open to all other peace-loving
states which accept the obligations contained in the present Charter
and, in the judgment of the Organisation, are able and willing to carry
out these obligations.45
The rise in UN’s membership over the years is a pointer to the fact that more States
have seceded, gained all the attributes of a State, and gotten the recognition of the UN
as a Member State of that organisation. The 193rd Member State, South Sudan seceded
from the Republic of Sudan in 2011 and was formally admitted into the UN on 14 th
July 2011 as a sovereign Member State.46 Admission of new States as Member States
of the organisation is usually in two-fold; recognition of a State’s independence by the
UN Security Council, and recommendation to the General Assembly that the
independent State be admitted as a Member State.47 Both steps are mandatory and
must be fulfilled before accession to UN membership. Upon application by a
prospective State, the UN Security Council’s 5 permanent members together with at
least 4 non-permanent members must approve the application and recommend to the
General Assembly that the State be admitted into the UN.48 Where, however, any of
the permanent members object or abstain from voting on the application, the
application will fail. Upon a successful recommendation by the Security Council, the
General Assembly’s vote admitting a prospective State as a member of the United
Nations must be by two-thirds majority vote.

43

Although this recognition, stricto sensu, was not a prerequisite for State formation in the past, as
States which fail to recognise any particular State as a sovereign either go to war with the said State or
refuse to have dealings with that State
44
Cohen R., “The Concept of Statehood in United Nations Practice”, in University of Pennsylvania Law
Review, Vol. 109, No. 1961, p. 1129
45
Article 4 (1) UN Charter
46
https://news.un.org/en/story/2011/07/381552-un-welcomes-south-sudan-193rd-member-state,
accessed on 23/03/2018 at 9:04
47
Article 4 (2) UN Charter provides that “The admission of any such State to membership in the United
Nations will be effected by a decision of the General Assembly upon the recommendation of the
Security Council.”
48
“About
UN
Membership”,
http://www.un.org/en/sections/member-states/about-unmembership/index.html, accessed on 23/03/2018 at 9:57

10

The status of “Permanent Observer” to the United Nations does not correspond to
membership of the organisation. The Permanent Observer status was not provided for
in the UN Charter; it is merely a practice, first adopted in 1946 when the then UN
Secretary-General accepted the designation of the Swiss Government as a Permanent
Observer to the United Nations.49 Permanent Observer status is available to nonMember States of the United Nations who belong to one or more specialised agencies
of the UN, and who apply, or are put forth by a UN member State, to be accepted as a
Permanent Observer to the United Nations. Permanent Observers participate in most
meetings of the United Nations, and the specialised agencies to which they belong,
and are entitled to the necessary documentations. However, Permanent Observer
States are not entitled to any voting rights in the General Assembly as they are nonmembers. The Permanent Observers are merely observers observing the proceedings
of the General Assembly. There are currently two Permanent Observer States at the
UN; The Holy See and the Palestine.
Permanent Observer State status may be preferred when full membership of the UN is
contentious and may not survive the Security Council’s recommendation vote. This is
the case with the application made by President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to the
Secretary-General of the United Nations on 23rd September 2011 for the admission of
the Palestine State as a full member of the UN.50 Prior to this application, Palestine
enjoyed the status of “Observer Entity” at the UN, which is not so different from the
Permanent Observer status that the Holy See enjoys. Palestine was thereafter admitted
to the United Nations Education, Scientific, and Cultural Organisation,51 as a
Member-State. The application for membership in the UN was however defeated at
the UN Security Council by the “NO” vote of the United States 52 on the issue. All
applications for membership of the UN need the support of all the five permanent
Members of the Security Council to succeed, even if all the other non-members voted
in favour. Following the defeat at the Security Council, the General Assembly, rather

49

“About Permanent Observers”, http://www.un.org/en/sections/member-states/about-permanentobservers/index.html, accessed on 23/03/2018 at 11:23
50
Cerone J., “Legal Implications of the UN General Assembly Vote to Accord Palestine the Status of
Observer State”, in American Society of International Law, vol. 16, Iss. 37, 2012,
51
UNESCO
52
The United States, along with China, France, Russian Federation, and the United Kingdom of Great
Britain and Northern Ireland are permanent members of the Security Council.

11

voted53 for the recognition of Palestine as a “Non-Member Permanent Observer” to
the United Nations. The resolution passed by more than the two-third majority,54
which was required for full membership, had it been the application was successful at
the Security Council.
Palestine’s Statehood bid at the United Nations was blocked by the United States
exercising its veto against the resolution to recommend Palestine to the General
Assembly to be admitted as a UN Member State. Giving the Statehood bid’s failure, it
presupposes, in a way, that in the face of international law, Palestine is not a State or
has not totally achieved statehood. Going by the Montevideo criteria, this could mean
that it has not totally fulfilled the four requirements for Statehood. Palestine has
permanent population and a government led by President Mahmoud Abbas. To an
extent, it could be argued that it also has the power to enter into legal relations.55
Definite territory requirement, is however, highly contentious in the peace
negotiations between the State of Israel and Palestine. While Palestine canvasses the
view that the border between Israel and the future Palestine State should be based on
the 1967 borders56 before any peace negotiation between the two sides could be
meaningful,57 Israel maintains that there should not be any precondition58 to peace
talks between the two sides. The outstanding border issue made it improbable to
conclude that Palestine fulfilled the four Montevideo criteria for Statehood. The
failure to get the recognition of UN by becoming a member of the organisation is a
confirmation of the fact that in the eyes of international law, Palestine is not a
sovereign State.

53

th

A/RES/67/19 Resolution Adopted at the 44 Plenary of the United Nations’ General Assembly on
th
the Status of Palestine in the United Nations, adopted on 29 November 2012,
54
Out of the 193 Member States, 138 voted in favour, 9 States voted against, while 41 States
abstained, and 5 States did not record any vote at all.
55
As a Member-State of UNESCO and a permanent observer to the United Nations, Palestine has the
legal capacity to enter into legal relations. Without such capacity, it wouldn’t have been possible to
admit it into UNESCO or as a permanent observer. Capacity is sine qua non to the validity of any legal
document or contract which creates binding rights and obligations to the parties therein.
56
The 1967 borders were the borders that existed prior to the 6-day war between Israel and its Arab
neighbours of Egypt, Syria, and Jordan. Israel emerged victorious from the war, and as a result, it
consolidated territories which hitherto were in control of the Palestinians. Oren M. B., Six Days of
War: June 1967 and the Making of Modern Middle East, (Presidio Press, 2017),
57
rd
SC/13213 Security Council’s 8183 meeting, “Palestinian President Presents Plan to Relaunch Peace
Talks with Israel, says New Multilateral Mechanism should Guide Process, in Briefing to Security
Council”, available on https://www.un.org/press/en/2018/sc13213.doc.htm, accessed on 24/03/2018
at 22:03
58
Fixing the border between the two sides to the 1967 borders

12

An alternative proposition to the above Palestinian scenario59 could be summed up
thus: Had it been that the United States allowed the Statehood bid of Palestine at the
UN to succeed, and Palestine was admitted as a Member-State of the organisation
even though it failed to fulfil the four Montevideo criteria on the characteristics of a
State, would its UN’s membership be taken to have cured whatever defect Palestine
had in its creation? In other words, can UN membership confer independence on an
otherwise non-independent territory? It is noteworthy to point out here that the UN
does not recognise a State as it lacks the power to do so. The act of recognition under
international law rests with States and governments, as recognition implies readiness
to assume diplomatic relations. The United Nations is neither a State nor a
government that is capable of recognising other States or governments. What it merely
does is to admit or refuse to admit to its membership, other independent and peaceloving States,60 since it is an organisation of independent States.
Since its formation, the UN has mostly operated with respect to the territorial integrity
and sovereignty of Member States over domestic issues.61 In fact, respect for
territorial integrity is one of its guiding principles in the pursuit of its purposes.
Generally, admitting a non-independent territory as a Member by the UN will be
tantamount to interfering with the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Parent
State as that will mean internationalising an issue which falls under the domestic
jurisdiction of the Parent Member State. However, where the UN admits such a nonindependent territory as a member, such admission will have the effect of conferring
independence on the non-independent territory in the eyes of international law. This is
because, the UN itself is an organisation of peace-loving independent States62. That
being the case, UN membership is seen as recognition of the fact of independence of a
territory by the Member States of the UN and a willingness to enter into diplomatic
relations with the new State. Therefore, UN membership cures any non-compliance
with the four Montevideo criteria or whatever defect that there may be in the
formation of a new country. Taking the example of the proposed State of Palestine
further, full membership of the UN by Palestine will have automatically made

59

Which did not meet the four Montevideo criteria on the characteristics of a State
Article 4 (1) UN Charter
61
Article 2(4) of the UN Charter states that “all Member states shall refrain in their international
relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of
any State, or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations.”
62
Article 4 (1) UN Charter
60

13

Palestine an independent country even if the four Montevideo criteria on Statehood
had not been met.

2.3 Significance of Non-membership of the United Nations
As earlier pointed out, an independent State must possess the four attributes
enumerated in the Montevideo Convention which includes permanent population,
defined territory, government, and capacity to enter into legal relations. A territory
may possess the above four criteria and yet may not be independent. This is usually
the case where a territory is given limited or regional autonomy by the Parent State on
some issues, usually with the exclusion of foreign affairs. For instance, the Aaland
Islands in Finland enjoys some degree of autonomy from the Finnish State but lacks
the powers to engage in foreign relations. This is also the case with Catalans in Spain.
Independence confers legal personality on territories under international law and gives
them the capacity to enter into diplomatic and legal relations with other independent
States. It also entitles States to seek the membership of the United Nations. All
Member States of the United Nations are independent States, but not all independent
States are Member States of the United Nations. The UN Charter even recognised the
fact that not all independent States may be Member States of the UN as membership is
limited to only peace-loving independent States that accepted the Charter obligations
and are admitted as a Member State of the UN. 63 There may be independent States
who fail to accede to the Charter obligations and who may be unwilling to carry out
the obligations under the Charter. There may also be other independent countries that
are not peace-loving even though they indicated interest and are desirous of acceding
to the UN membership, but due to the Charter provisions on membership, they are not
admitted as members. The above countries may be independent and sovereign without
acceding to the UN membership. There are some de facto independent States which
are yet to become Member States of the UN or permanent observers thereof, but are
recognised by at least one Member State of the UN as an independent country. They
include Republic of China64, Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, Kosovo, South
Ossetia, and Northern Cyprus.

63
64

Article 4 (1) UN Charter
ROC otherwise called Taiwan

14

The above listed de facto independent States had at one time or the other sought
membership of the United Nations and recognition by its members without success.
The Republic of China and People’s Republic of China65 laid claim to being the sole
legitimate government of China66 and sought recognition from other independent
countries and Membership of the United Nations. The People’s Republic of China was
recognised by the United Nations as the legitimate government of China with about
169 countries having diplomatic relations with PRC compared to 23 countries that
recognises the ROC.67 As a result of diminished diplomatic recognition, the ROC no
longer contends representing mainland China, and has since shifted its position to dual
recognition of both the ROC and the PRC as legitimate governments representing two
independent countries. The PRC, on the other hand continues to maintain one-China
policy, treating Taiwan68 as part and parcel of Chinese territory to which the PRC is
the only legitimate government.
In the case of Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, otherwise known as Western
Sahara, the area was a former Spanish colony bordered to the South of Morocco,
North and West of Mauritania, and Southwest of Algeria with an estimated population
of about 300,000 inhabitants.69 The Spaniards pulled out in 1975 without granting
independence to the colony neither did it hand over the area to any other country. As a
result, Morocco, Algeria, and Mauritania claimed ownership of the area, while the
tribal inhabitants of the area assert their right to self-determination and
independence.70 At present, Morocco is in possession of the area, but the African
Union treats Western Sahara as an independent country by admitting it as a MemberState of the Union despite Morocco’s protests.
In the case of Kosovo, following ethnic tensions between Serbia and Albanian
Kosovars and failure of European Union backed negotiations, the Kosovar legislature
voted overwhelmingly in favour of seceding from Serbia and declared its
independence on 17th February 2008, even though Serbia contests the validity of such

65

PRC
Rich T. S., “Status for Sale: Taiwan and the Competition for Diplomatic Recognition”, in Issues &
Studies 45, No. 4, December 2009, pp. 159-188
67
Ibid, p. 160
68
The ROC controls Taiwan.
69
Jensen E., Western Sahara: Anatomy of a Stalemate (Lynne Rienner Publishers, 2005), p. 14
70
Ibid,
66

15

unilateral declaration of independence. Although Russia and China71 support Serbia
in its claim against Kosovo, a number of countries, led by the West and European
Union Member States, continue to recognise Kosovo as an independent State. At
present, there are about 116 countries that has recognised Kosovo as an independent
State and established relations with it.72
In the South Caucasus, both Abkhazia and South Ossetia were former Georgian
territories which respectively declared independence from Georgia following ethnic
tensions in 1994 and 1992. Initially, Russia was hesitant to recognise both Republics
as independent States. However, following the Russo-Georgian war in 2008 and some
months after the West recognised the unilateral declaration of independence by
Kosovo, Russia formally recognised Abkhazia and South Ossetia as sovereign States
and called on the West and other countries to do same. Highlighting the significance
of Kosovar’s recognition, Russian President, Vladimir Putin, speaking at CIS 73
summit in Moscow declared that
The Kosovo precedent is a terrible precedent. Essentially it is blowing
up the whole system of international relations which has evolved over
the past not even decades but centuries. Undoubtedly, it might provoke
a whole chain of unpredictable consequences. Those who are doing
this, relying exclusively on force and having their satellites submit to
their will, are not calculating the results of what they are doing.
Ultimately this is a stick with two ends, and one day the other end of
this stick will hit them on their heads.74
Russia and its allies maintained that Kosovar’s unilateral declaration of independence
was in breach of international law75, and its recognition by the West was
unprecedented. That being the case, Russia contended that same recognition should be
extended to Abkhazia and South Ossetia since they were all in the same boat, stressing
that what was good for the goose should also be good for the gander. That
notwithstanding, only a few countries recognise Abkhazia and South Ossetia as

71

Both Russia and China are permanent members of the UN Security Council and may veto any future
application for membership of the UN by Kosovo, just like the United States vetoed that of Palestine.
72
https://www.kosovothanksyou.com/, accessed on 02/04/2020 at 13:30
73
Commonwealth of Independent States, which is a loose confederation of 9 Member States and 2
associate States members, which were all former Soviet Republics, formed during the dissolution of
the Soviet Union.
74
BBC Worldwide Monitoring, 2008; Toal G., “Russia’s Kosovo: A Critical Geopolitics of the August War
Over South Ossetia”, in Eurasian Geography and Economics, vol. 50 Issue 1, 2009, p. 14
75
Even though the ICJ ruled afterwards that unilateral declarations of independence, without
infringement of any jus cogens, were not prohibited under international law.

16

independent. No Western country recognises the duo, but rather views them as still
within the territorial jurisdiction of Georgia.
The same problem of non-recognition which afflicts others76 also afflicts the Turkish
Republic of Northern Cyprus. The Republic declared its independence, unilaterally,
from the Republic of Cyprus in 1983 and assumed the name Turkish Republic of
Northern Cyprus following ethnic tensions and Turkey’s invasion of Northern Cyprus.
The rest of Cyprus comprised mainly ethnic Greek Cypriots. The UN Security
Council issued several resolutions condemning the unilateral declaration of
independence by the Turkish Cypriots and declaring it legally invalid. 77 It called on
UN Member States not to recognise the Republic as a Sovereign State. Turkey,
however, is the only UN Member State that recognises the Turkish Republic of
Northern Cyprus despite the UN Security Council’s condemnation. Following the
ICJ’s Advisory Opinion to the UN General Assembly in Kosovo’s unilateral
declaration of independence,78 it is correct to state that unilateral declarations of
independence are not generally prohibited under international law. That being the
case, it is logical to posit also that there is no general prohibition of secession under
international law. Whether there is an enforceable right to secession however is a
different issue which will be discussed in the succeeding chapter under selfdetermination.

76

Kosovo stands out from the rest as it enjoys significant recognition from a majority of UN Member
States, but short of UN membership.
77
For instance SC/Res/541 reaffirming the invalidity of the purported declaration of the
independence of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus; and SC/Res/550 condemning the recognition
by the Republic of Turkey of the purported secession of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and
the exchange of Ambassadors between them, and called on other UN Member States not to recognise
the Republic.
78
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on the Accordance with International Law of Unilateral Declaration of
Independence by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of Kosovo, (July 22, 2010). 141, p.
29-48.

17

Chapter 3: Self-determination leading to State Formation
3.1 The Right to Self-determination
As already stated above, self-determination as a concept came to light immediately
after World War I during the remapping of the defeated Central and Eastern Europe
and President Wilson’s futile bid to elevate it to an international norm at the time.
Self-determination, however, transformed from a principle unrecognised under
international law in the heydays of the League of Nations to a right protected under
the United Nations Charter. With this recognition under the UN Charter also came a
transformation in the understanding of what self-determination entails; rights of
colonised peoples to determine for themselves their political future, as against the
general application to all persons as espoused by President Wilson in 1919.
The principle of self-determination was thus established as an international norm
under the purposes and guiding principles of the UN. Article 1 (2) of the UN Charter
provides as one of the purposes of the UN “To develop friendly relations among
nations based on respect for the principle of equal rights and self-determination of
peoples, and to take other appropriate measures to strengthen universal peace”.79 The
above provision outlines self-determination of peoples, however, nowhere in the
Charter was the term “people” defined so as to fully appreciate the category of persons
the self-determination principle is applicable to. Different authors proffer different
definitions on the concept of “people”. Some authors posit that the term “people”
refers to the population living within a political unit80, while others view it from the
perspective of ethnicity, nationality, and shared attributes.81

The United Nations

Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation82 in 1989/ 1990 attempted a
comprehensive definition of the term “people” to mean

79

Ch. 1, art. 1(2) Charter of the United Nations
Cassese A., UN Law, Fundamental Rights (Sijthoff & Noordhoff, 1979), p. 150; Higgins R., The
Development of International Law through the Political Organs of the United Nations (Oxford
University Press 1963), p. 119
81
Brownlie I., “The Rights of Peoples in Modern International Law”, in Crawford J. (ed.), The Rights of
Peoples (Clarendon Press, 1988), p. 5; Dinstein Y., “Collective Human Rights of Peoples and Minorities”
(1976) 25 International and Comparative Law Quarterly, p. 104
82
UNESCO with headquarters in Paris, France
80

18

1. a group of individual human beings who enjoy some or all of the
following common features: (a) a common historical tradition; (b)
racial or ethnic identity; (c) cultural homogeneity; (d) linguistic unity;
(e) religious or ideological affinity; (f) territorial connection; (g)
common economic life; 2. The group must be of a certain number
which need not be large (e.g. the people of micro States) but which
must be more than a mere association of individuals within a State; 3.
The group as a whole must have the will to be identified as a people or
the consciousness of being a people -allowing that groups or some
members of such grows, though sharing the foregoing characteristics,
may not have that will or consciousness; and possibly, 4. The group
must have institutions or other means of expressing its common
characteristics and will for identity.83
Depending on the context in which the term is used, the term “people” can refer to a
whole lot of groups; from people who share common attributes, to people living
within the same geographical area, political unit, continent etc.84 From whatever
perspective a person is approaching the definition of the term “people”, the concept of
self-determination of peoples as provided for under the UN Charter encompasses all.
That notwithstanding, for the purposes of this research, the term “people” is taken to
mean a group of people who identify themselves as belonging to the same ethnic
group or constituting a nation, and who share certain similar attributes of language,
culture, geographic location, etc. The above understanding of the meaning of “people”
will guide the researcher in the further elucidation of the right to self-determination in
this research, and the terms “people”, “ethnic group”, or “nation” may be used
interchangeably in the course of this work.
In Chapter IX of the UN Charter that dealt with International Economic and Social
Co-operation, article 55 lists several goals the organisation would pursue “with a view
to the creation of conditions of stability and well-being which are necessary for
peaceful and friendly relations among nations based on respect for the principle of
equal rights and self-determination of peoples….”85 Going further in article 73 which
dealt with non-self-governing territories,

there was an implied reference to self-

determination wherein it was affirmed in the article that

83

UNESCO, “International Meeting of Experts on Further Study of the Concept of the Right of the
Peoples” (22 February 1990) SHS-89/CONF 602/7, pp. 7-8
84
For instance “people” can refer to the Roma people based on ethnicity, the Finns based on political
unit, and the Europeans based on continent.
85
Art. 55 Charter of the United Nations

19

[m]embers of the United Nations which have or assume responsibilities
for the administration of territories whose peoples have not yet attained
a full measure of self-government recognize the principle that the
interests of the inhabitants of these territories are paramount, and
accept as a sacred trust the obligation to promote to the utmost, within
the system of international peace and security established by the
present Charter, the well-being of the inhabitants of these territories
[…].86
Again, there was a subtle reference to self-determination in the UN Charter as seen in
article 76 (b). The article provides for, as one of the basic objectives of the trusteeship
system, the promotion of political, economic, social, and educational advancement of
the inhabitants of the trust territories, and their progressive development towards selfgovernment or independence in accordance with the freely expressed wishes of the
people concerned.87
Even though there was no elaboration of the contents, extent, and beneficiaries of the
right to self-determination in the UN Charter, the recognition of the right in the
Charter and the subsequent State practice has elevated the right to a jus cogens. State
practice exemplified by the numerous UN General Assembly’s resolutions pertaining
to self-determination has developed in this regard in clarifying the status of the right to
self-determination under international law. For instance, in 1960, the UN General
Assembly adopted Resolution 151488 calling on administrative powers to take
immediate steps towards transferring without reservations all powers to the trust and
non-self-governing territories or all other territories which had not yet attained
independence in accordance with their freely expressed will and desire.89 This
declaration represented the political will behind the decolonisation policy of the
United Nations,90 and the overwhelming support the declaration received showed that
colonialism was no longer tolerable at the time. Other resolutions like General
Assembly Resolution 1541 (XV) defining the three options for self-determination;91
and General Assembly Resolution 1654 (XVI) establishing the Special Committee on
86

Ch. XI, art. 73 Charter of the United Nations
Ch. XII, art. 76 (b) Charter of the United Nations
88
United Nations General Assembly Resolution 1514 (XV): Declaration on the granting of
independence to colonial countries and peoples (United Nations General Assembly [UNGA]) UN Doc
A/RES/1514(XV), GAOR 15th Session Supp 16, 66
89
Thúrer D., & Burri T., Self-Determination (Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law
[MPEPIL], 2008)
90
Ibid.
91
General Assembly Resolution 1541 (XV): General Assembly Resolution defining the three options for
self-determination
87

20

Decolonisation,92 were historical as well given the role they played in shaping world
opinion and attitude towards self-determination and decolonisation.
The lack of mechanism of implementation of the right to self-determination in the UN
Charter was cured by the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights, 196693 which has been ratified and domesticated by majority of
Member States of the United Nations. Article 1 (1) of the Covenant stipulates that
“[a]ll peoples have the right of self-determination. By virtue of that right they freely
determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural
development.”94 The Covenant further stipulates that
The States Parties to the present Covenant, including those having
responsibility for the administration of Non-Self-Governing and Trust
Territories, shall promote the realisation of the right of selfdetermination, and shall respect that right, in conformity with the
provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.95
The exact same provisions contained in the ICCPR on self-determination were
replicated in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,
196696. By providing for self-determination in the two international covenants97, selfdetermination was elevated to the status of a human right and no longer a mere
principle. The justiciability of the right to self-determination as contained in both the
ICESCR and the ICCPR remains in doubt as an individual complainant may not
successfully sustain a complaint against a State party to the Covenants in respect of
breaches of the right to self-determination. The Human Rights Committee98 had
emphasized in its General Comment 1299 on article 1 of the ICCPR that the realisation
of the right to self-determination is of particular importance because it is an essential
condition for the effective guarantee and observance of individual human rights.100
However, the HRC had decided in its First Optional Protocol to the ICCPR that article
1 of the ICCPR which provided, amongst other things, the right to self-determination,
92

General Assembly Resolution 1654 (XVI): General Assembly Resolution establishing the Special
Committee on Decolonisation
93
Hereinafter shortened to ICCPR
94
Art. 1(1) ICCPR, 1966
95
Art. 1(3) ICCPR, 1966
96
Hereinafter shortened to ICESCR, 1966
97
ICCPR and ICESCR
98
Hereinafter referred to as “the HRC”
99
General Comment No. 12: Article 1 (The right to self-determination of peoples), HRI/GEN/1/Rev.9
(Vol. 1)
100
th
Kaczorowska-Ireland, A., Public International Law, 5 Ed (London: Routledge, 2015)

21

is non-justiciable when alleging the breach of collective rights as against individual
rights. This thus makes it impossible for complainants to successfully rely on the
provisions of self-determination under the ICCPR against a State before the HRC.101
This reiterates the position that the right to self-determination is a collective as against
individual rights, and can only be claimed by peoples, not individuals. As the HRC
had the right to decide only cases bothering on individual rights as against collective
rights under article 1, self-determination which is a collective right falls outside the
scope of its adjudicatory powers.102 In Kitok v. Sweden103, a Swedish citizen of Sami
ethnic group, in his Communication, alleged violations of his rights under article 1
and 27 of the ICCPR by the Swedish Government. The Sami ethnic group have the
civil right to reindeer breeding as well as the rights to land and water in the villages
they occupy. The Complainant had been denied the exercise of these rights because he
was alleged to have lost his membership in the Sami village pursuant to a 1971
Swedish statute104 that prohibits non-members from exercising Sami rights to land and
water. Under the law, if a Sami engages in any other profession for a period of 3
years, he loses his status as a Sami and his name is removed from the rolls of the Sami
village, which he cannot re-enter unless by special permission.105 After exhausting
local remedies, he complained to the HRC claiming that the Swedish Crown
arbitrarily denies the immemorial rights of the Sami minority and that the complainant
is the victim of such denial of rights. In relation to article 1 of the ICCPR concerning
group rights which the complainant complained of, the HRC held that an individual
had no locus standi under article 1 of the ICCPR because he could not claim to be a
victim of a violation of the right to self-determination which could only be claimed by
“peoples”.106
The Optional Protocol to the ICESCR in its article 1 provided for the competence of
the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 107 to receive and consider
communications pertaining to the rights contained in the ICESCR against State parties
which are also parties to the Optional Protocol.108 The Optional Protocol entered into
101

First Optional Protocol to the ICCPR
First Optional Protocol to the ICCPR
103
Communication No. 197/1985; U.N. Doc. CCPR/C/33/D/197/1985
104
Reindeer Husbandry Act, 1971 (Sweden)
105
Kitok v. Sweden, supra, par. 2.2
106
Kaczorowska-Ireland, supra
107
Hereinafter referred to as “the Committee”
108
Article 1 of the Optional Protocol to the ICESCR
102

22

force on the 5th of May, 2013 following the ratification by Uruguay making it the 10 th
State to ratify the Optional Protocol as provided for in article 18.109 This makes the
rights provided for in the ICESCR justiciable against State parties who are also parties
to the Optional Protocol. The Optional Protocol to the ICESCR, on the other hand,
permits the justiciability of group rights as contained in article 1 of the ICESCR,
unlike the first Optional Protocol to the ICCPR. Article 2 of the Optional Protocol to
the ICESCR provides that communications may be submitted by or on behalf of
individuals or groups of individuals.110 Groups of individuals, as provided for in
article 2 of the Optional Protocol creates a pathway for the competence of the
Committee to receive communications pertaining to group rights, like the right to selfdetermination as provided for under article 1 of the ICESCR. This is an improvement
from the ICCPR’s First Optional Protocol which explicitly limited communications to
individual complaints thereby excluding communications alleging breach of group
rights. For the right to self-determination to succeed before the Committee on the
ICESCR however, it must be shown that the breach of the right to self-determination
affected some other economic, social, and cultural rights provided for under the
ICESCR.111 This means that at the international scene, the right to self-determination
is justiciable under the ICESCR to the degree that it is connected to some specific
rights protected by the ICESCR against State parties that have ratified the Optional
Protocol to the ICESCR.112 Given the same scenario under the ICCPR, it is
inadmissible as only breach of individual rights is admissible in complaints before the
Human Rights Committee of the ICCPR.113 Although the new elevated status selfdetermination enjoys under the Optional Protocol to the ICESCR is an improvement
compared to what obtains under the First Optional Protocol to the ICCPR, it still falls
short of being used as an effective tool by separatists hoping to secede from a parent
State. This is because, the right cannot stand on its own without being attached to
some other specific rights protected by the ICESCR. Again, the Committee lacks
coercive measures to force a State to abide by its views or recommendations on a
109

Article 18 of the Optional Protocol to the ICESCR
Optional Protocol to the ICESCR
111
Courtis, C., “Commentary on the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights”, in Inter-American Institute of Human Rights/International Commission of
Jurists, 2008, p. 41
112
Biglino, I., and Golay, C., Academy In-Brief No.2: The Optional Protocol to the International
Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights (Geneva Academy of International Humanitarian
Law and Human Rights, 2013), p. 9
113
Kitok v. Sweden, supra,
110

23

communication, especially decisions relating to the right to self-determination.
Moreover, whatever view or recommendation the Committee may give in relation to
the right to self-determination will be in furtherance of the realisation of other specific
economic, social and cultural rights, and may not have civil or political connotations
which are directly under the purview of the ICCPR.

3.2 Extent of the Right to Self-determination
During the early years of the United Nations, the right to self-determination was
majorly associated with the rights of colonised peoples and territories not governing
themselves to obtain independence from their erstwhile colonial masters and become
self-governing. This explains the State practice developed in this regard through the
different resolutions passed by the UN General Assembly on decolonisation. At
present, the number of territories still under colonisation or non-self-governing has
shrunk114, and as a result implementation of the right to self-determination by the UN
has become redundant. Right to self-determination, however, goes beyond granting
independence to colonial and non-self-governing territories. It includes the rights of
all peoples to freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic,
social and cultural development.115 The two international covenants’ right to selfdetermination provisions did not in any way limit the definition or application of that
right to only situations that had to do with decolonisation or non-self-governing
territories. It proclaimed thus “all peoples […]”116 meaning that even peoples who
cannot be categorised as under colonialism or non-self-governing can also take
advantage of, and exercise the right to self-determination. If the draftsman of the two
international covenants had wanted to limit the meaning of the right to selfdetermination, the provisions ought to have read instead, “all colonised and non-selfgoverning peoples”. But by proclaiming “all peoples […]”117 without qualification, it
presupposes to conclude that the right to self-determination is also applicable to
peoples other than colonised or non-self-governing peoples.
114

There are still at least 17 non-self-governing territories that the process of decolonisation has not
been completed and which are currently listed in the UN Data base maintained by the UN Statistics
Division of the Department of Economics and Social Affairs (United Nations data.un.org.). Available
from http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml, accessed on 02.04.2020 at
11:20
115
Art. 1(1) ICCPR, 1966; Art. 1(1) ICESCR, 1966
116
ibid
117
ibid

24

Right to self-determination can be internal or external. Internal self-determination
refers to the right of peoples to freely choose their own political, economic, and social
system118 without any foreign interference. 119 According to Salvatore Senese, the right
to internal self-determination means that “other states should not, through appeals or
pressure, seek to prevent a people from freely selecting its own political, economic,
and social system”.120 Internal self-determination is available to a people who have
already achieved statehood or belong to another State. For instance, the holdings of
elections, division of a State into tiers or the granting of some degrees of autonomy to
a region are all instances of internal self-determination. External self-determination,
on the other hand, refers to the right of a people to constitute itself as a nation-state or
to integrate into, or federate with an existing State.121 It is the aspect of the selfdetermination right that concerns the international status of a people,122 and to some
extent, may involve foreign interference. This is the aspect of self-determination right
that seeks to break away or tamper with the territorial integrity of an already existing
State. The newest Member-State of the UN, South Sudan exercised its right to
external self-determination and seceded from the Republic of Sudan in 2011.123

3.3 Right to Remedial Self-determination and Territorial Integrity
Generally, there seems to be no internationally guaranteed right to external selfdetermination beyond decolonisation and non-self-governing territories. This is due,
in part, to the already established State practice which abhors assaults on the territorial
integrity of States. President Wilson, during the Paris Peace Conference, called for a
peaceful post-war Europe to be established through specific covenants that would
afford mutual guarantees of political independence and territorial integrity to great and
small States alike.124 Article 2 (4) of the UN Charter provides that

118

Senese, S., “External and Internal Self-Determination” in Human Rights & Peoples’ Rights: Views
from North & South (Social Justice, vol. 16, no. 1 (35), 1989), pp. 19
119
Art. 5 Universal Declaration of the Rights of Peoples, Algiers, 1976
120
Senese, S., art. Cit., p. 19
121
ibid
122
ibid
123
Johnson, D. H., “New Sudan or South Sudan? The Multiple meaning of self-determination in
Sudan’s comprehensive peace agreement”, in Civil Wars vol. 15 (2), 2013, pp. 141-156
124
Marxsen C., “Territorial Integrity in International Law-Its concept and Implications for Crimea”, in
Heidelberg Journal of International Law (ZaöRV 75,2015), p. 8

25

All Members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat
or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence
of any state, or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of
the United Nations.125
The exercise of the right to self-determination which would lead to the
dismemberment of a Member State of the UN no doubt constitutes an assault on the
territorial integrity of that State. Consistent State practice developed in this area
abhors this, even though the ICJ had declared that unilateral declaration of
independence constitutes no breach of international law.126 What this means is that
secession is neither prohibited nor expressly allowed under international law.
Secession cannot be claimed as a right, but the fact of a successfully seceded or
disintegrated State cannot be denied recognition of that fact under international law as
well. However, a right exists for remedial secession which can be asserted against a
State that fails in its duties against a section of that State, and which can be used to
justify any assault on the territorial integrity of that State.127 The idea of remedial
secession was first broached as a possibility by the Committee of Jurists appointed in
the Aaland Islands question128, and has since come to represent a base view on
secession issues. The Committee’s opinion was to the effect that if there were to be a
manifest and continued abuse of a State’s sovereignty against a minority population,
that such a scenario will be enough to sidestep the principle of territorial integrity of
States and bring the domestic scenario within the competence of an international
body.129 The secession of South Sudan from Sudan evolved into remedial secession
following continued abuses of Sudan’s sovereignty over its minority South Sudanese
population and following a protracted civil war over independence between the two
sides. The international community intervened and pressured the Sudanese
government into allowing a UN supervised self-determination referendum vote by

125

Art. 2 (4) Charter of the United Nations
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on the Accordance with International Law of Unilateral Declaration of
Independence by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of Kosovo, (July 22, 2010). 141, p.
29-48
127
Art. 6 Universal Declaration of the Rights of People, Algiers, 1976 contains a suggestion that every
people has the right to break away from any racist regime.
128
Report of the International Committee of Jurists, p. 5
129
League of Nations at the time, which has been succeeded by the United Nations. Report of the
International Committee of Jurists, p. 5; The Aaland Islands Question, p. 28
126

26

citizens of South Sudan which ensured its secession, as a last resort, from the Republic
of Sudan.130

Chapter 4: Secession and the Modern State
4.1 Human Rights Concerns and Territorial Integrity
In the desperate quest to maintain and preserve territorial integrity of States, principal
actors seem to overlook or relegate respect for human rights to the background. There
are particular concern to issues that qualify as genocides, war crimes, and crimes
against humanity which are perpetrated by actors on either side of a conflict when
fighting for independence or preserving the territorial integrity of a State. The war and
armed conflict in Nigeria and Cameroon sheds some light into grave human rights
abuses that have occurred in the recent past wherein countries fought to preserve the
territorial integrity of their States at the expense of grave human rights abuses. In
Nigeria, it was reported that the Nigerian soldiers, upon capture of an Igbo town called
Asaba, demanded a roll call of all male population in the town both the old and young.
As the men and little boys of the town gathered in the town square at the behest of the
Nigerian army, the commander of the Nigerian brigade Division II which captured the
town, Murtala Mohammed, ordered his troops to summarily execute them. The troops
opened fire killing the unarmed men and boys gathered in the town square and buried
them in a mass grave.131 The London Observer of 21st January 1968 noted that “the
greatest single massacre occurred in the Ibo town of Asaba where 700 Ibo males were
lined up and shot.”132 Monsignor Georges Rocheau, an emissary of the then Pope, His
Holiness Pope Paul VI to both Biafra and Nigeria, after a fact-finding mission in both
Nigeria and Biafra stated thus in an interview to French Le Monde Newspaper and as
reported in several books including Forsyth and Achebe, that

130

Johnson, D. H., supra, p. 145
Achebe, C., There was a Country: A professional History of Biafra (Great Britain: Allen Lane, 2012),
p. 134
132
st
London Observer of 21 January 1968; Forsyth., F. The Biafra Story: The Making of an African
Legend (Pen and Sword, 2015)
131

27

There has been genocide, for example on the occasion of the 1966
massacres….Two areas have suffered badly (from the fighting). Firstly
the region between the towns of Benin and Asaba where only widows
and orphans remain, Federal troops having for unknown reasons
massacred all the men.133
The Nigerian soldiers committed genocide against the Igbos by assembling, and
summarily executing unarmed civilian men and boys in their hundreds in towns they
captured from the then Biafran State.134 During his visit to Asaba on 8th December,
2002, General Yakubu Gowon, who was the then Military Head of State of Nigeria
during the Nigeria- Biafra war apologised for the mass killing at Asaba during the war
by his soldiers. He stated that
It came to me as a shock when I came to know about the unfortunate
happenings that happened to the sons and daughters […] of (Asaba)
domain. I felt very touched and honestly I referred to (the killings) and
ask for forgiveness being the one who was in charge at that time.
Certainly, it is not something that I would have approved of in
whatsoever. I was made ignorant of it, I think until it appeared in the
papers. A young man wrote a book at that time.135
Testifying at the Nigerian Truth Commission,136 Major General Ibrahim Haruna,
under cross examination from Chief Mogbo, S.A.N137 representing Ohaneze
Ndigbo138 at the Oputa Panel, stated defiantly that
As the commanding officer and leader of the troops that massacred 500
men in Asaba, I have no apology for those massacred in Asaba,
Owerri, and Ameke-Item. I acted as a soldier maintaining the peace

133

Forsyth., F. The Biafra Story: The Making of an African Legend (Pen and Sword, 2015); Achebe, C.,
There was a Country: A professional History of Biafra (Great Britain: Allen Lane, 2012), p. 134
134
Achebe, C., supra, p. 134; Bird E. S., and Ottanelli F., “The Asaba Massacre and the Nigerian Civil
War: Reclaiming Hidden History”, in Journal of Genocide Research” (Special Double Issue: The NigeriaBiafra war, 1967–1970: Postcolonial Conflict And The Question Of Genocide), Vol. 16, nos. 2-3, 2014,
p. 379.
135
Achebe, C., supra, p. 134; Ogwuda, A., “Gowon Faults setting up of Oputa Panel”, Vanguard
Newspaper, December 9, 2002.
136
Popularly referred to as “Oputa Panel” after the chairman of the Truth Commission, Justice
Chukwudifu Oputa, J.S.C. The panel was set up in 1999 by the then newly inaugurated government of
President Olusegun Obasanjo to look into human rights abuses in Nigeria from the period of military
regimes until his civilian government pursuant to Statutory Instrument No. 8 of 1999 which
constituted and appointed the Commission.
137
Senior Advocate of Nigeria
138
A Pan Igbo umbrella body representing the interests of the Igbo people of Eastern Nigeria who
majorly constituted the defunct Biafra Republic

28

and unity of Nigeria [...]. If General Yakubu Gowon apologised, he did
it in his own capacity. As for me I have no apology. 139
Article 6 (a) of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court defines genocide
to mean “[…] any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy, in whole or
in part, a national, ethnical, racial or religious group, as such: (a) Killing members of
the group […]”140. Rounding up defenceless male population of a town composed of
one ethnic group and massacring them constituted the offence of genocide as set out in
the above statute.141 The mental element of “intent” was present as the perpetrators
sought to destroy, in whole or in part, ethnic Igbo population residing in the affected
towns. Article 7 (1) (a) of the same Rome Statute defines “crimes against humanity”
to mean “[…] any of the following acts when committed as part of a widespread or
systematic attack directed against any civilian population, with knowledge of the
attack: (a) Murder; […]”.142 The massacres were unprovoked and were committed
against civilian populations with full knowledge of the atrociousness of their actions,
going from town to town143 in a widespread or systemic manner rounding up and
massacring defenceless civilians in a bid to preserve the territorial integrity of Nigeria.
The Commanding Officer of the troops that committed genocide against the Igbos
during the war, in his own words, admitted to the crimes and was unapologetic for his
actions and that of his troops. He justified their actions on the premise of preserving
the territorial integrity of Nigeria. Although the Rome Statute of the International
Criminal Court cannot apply retroactively in Nigeria to events that happened during
the Nigeria-Biafra war, murder was and is still a crime in Nigeria. 144 A principal actor
of the massacre during the war admitted on live television and before the Oputa Panel
139

Achebe, C., supra, p. 135
Article 6 (a) Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998
141
st
th
Nigeria became a signatory to the Rome Statute on 1 June, 2000, and ratified same on 27
September, 2001, therefore, the International Criminal Court does not have the jurisdiction to
entertain matters arising from events that occurred in Nigeria prior to Nigeria’s accession and
ratification of the statute. See article 11 Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998 on
jurisdiction ratione temporis.
142
Article 7 (1) (a) Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998
143
Major General Ibrahim Haruna, in his testimony mentioned about 3 towns that they carried out
massacres to include Asaba, Owerri, and Ameke- Item. Achebe, C., supra, p. 134; Ogwuda, A., “Gowon
Faults setting up of Oputa Panel”, Vanguard Newspaper, December 9, 2002.
144
Sec. 315 of the Nigeria’s Criminal Code, The Criminal Code Act, Cap C38 Laws of the Federation of
Nigeria, 2004 criminalises unlawful homicide and provides that “Any person who unlawfully kills
another is guilty of an offence which is called murder or manslaughter, according to the circumstances
of the case.” Going by this provision, Major General Ibrahim Haruna, per his admission under cross
examination at the Oputa Panel ought to have been charged for murder for the killings of defenceless
and unarmed male civilians in Asaba and other towns during the Nigeria- Biafra war.
140

29

of giving orders and participating in the mass murder of unarmed civilians during the
war. It is doubtful that the perpetrators will be prosecuted for murders committed
during the war. The Oputa Panel had limited mandate without prosecuting or
punishing

powers.

It

was

established

to

merely

investigate

and

make

recommendations to the then government of President Olusegun Obasanjo. The
Nigerian Government is yet to implement the recommendations of the Oputa Panel
since the Panel submitted its report in 2002.
In the Republic of Cameroon, the people of Southern Cameroon are agitating and
engaging in guerrilla-style warfare against the Republic of Cameroon claiming a right
to self-determination. They are advocating for the creation of an independent
Ambazonia State from the present Southern English-speaking part of Cameroon.145 It
should be noted that the people of Southern Cameroon, had in the past, exercised
some form of right to self-determination in a referendum conducted in 1961. In the
said 1961 referendum, they had to choose whether to remain with and become a part
of Nigeria or to federate with their kinsmen in the newly independent Cameroon
Republic. Prior to the referendum, Southern Cameroon constituted part of the
Northern and Southern Protectorates of Nigeria which gained independence from
Britain in 1960. The Southern Anglophone Cameroon voted to reunite with their
brothers in the Republic of Cameroon by forming a federated Cameroon while the
Northern Anglophone Cameroon chose to federate with Nigeria.146 The reunification,
then, “was perceived as the greatest achievement and the apotheosis of African
nationalist struggles par excellence”.147

However, due to certain political

developments in the Cameroon which saw to the abolishment of Cameroon’s
Federalist Constitution and concentration of more powers in the central government,
Southern Cameroonians came to despise the reunification, and called for a return to
federation or a total independence from the Republic of Cameroon. 148 In asserting
their right to self-determination, the Southern Cameroonians argue that having
exercised the right in the past to divorce from Nigeria and federate with the Republic
of Cameroon, they have the inherent right to once more choose whether they want to

145

Ebai, S.E., “The Right to Self-Determination and the Anglophone Cameroon Situation”, in The
International Journal of Human Rights, vol. 13 No. 5, 2009, pp. 631-653
146
Awasom, N.F., “The Reunification Question in Cameroon History: was the Bride an Enthusiastic or a
Reluctant one?”, in Africa Today, vol. 47 No. 2, 2000, pp. 91-119
147
Awasom, N.F., supra, p. 92
148
Awasom, N.F., supra, p. 92

30

remain with the Republic of Cameroon or secede and form an independent country. 149
The Republic of Cameroon’s leadership perceived the latest agitations in the southern
part of Cameroon as an attempt to dismember the country in breach of its territorial
integrity, and militarily cracked down on the secessionists. The government charged
the secessionist Southern Cameroon nationalist leaders with treason. 150 The agitations
started off as a civil disobedience by the residents of Anglophone Cameroon who
embarked on industrial actions protesting the sending of French Magistrates to preside
over courts in Anglophone Cameroon. The government sent its soldiers to quell the
civil unrest, and the situation degenerated into armed conflict and outright demand for
an independent State of Ambazonia encompassing the current Anglophone areas of
Cameroon. Leaders of the Ambazonia separatist movements who had gathered in a
hotel in Abuja, Nigeria, were rounded up by the Nigerian Secret Police and extradited
to Cameroon where they were charged and convicted of treason by a military court.151
The trial itself was reported to have been conducted in a grave manner without
affording the defendants their basic rights as protected under the Cameroonian
Constitution. For instance, the defendants were all civilians but were tried in a military
court. Again, the trial was conducted in French language without affording the
Anglophone defendants an interpreter to interpret the charges, evidence and court
proceedings in the language they understand.152
Apart from the above criminal trials, there had been widespread reports of extrajudicial killings and executions of alleged separatists, separatist fighters and their
family members by the Cameroonian military. One report paints a graphic scenario of
an extra-judicial killing of a perceived separatist by the Cameroonian military that was
videotaped on 24th March 2019 thus
There is a hole dug in dry mud ground, like a grave, with a blindfolded
man inside who is clearly alive and does not appear to be injured. As
the man in the grave tries to get up, a man in military uniform kicks
149

Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 91-119
BBC News reported that the secessionist leaders have been convicted by a military court in August,
2019 of treason and rebellion and sentenced to life imprisonment. BBCNews, “Cameroon Crises:
Ambazonia separatists get life sentences”, available from https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa49406649, accessed on 04.12.2019 at 22:21
151
BBCNews, “Cameroon Crises: Ambazonia separatists get life sentences”, available from
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-49406649, accessed on 04.12.2019 at 22:21
152
NA, “Cameroon: Separatist leaders appeal conviction, September 3, 2019”
https://www.hrw.org/news/2019/09/03/cameroon-separatist-leaders-appeal-conviction, accessed on
19.12.2019 at 20:21
150

31

him down. There are at least four other men in military uniforms in
view at different moments, and at least one of the men in military
uniform has gun. There appears to be another man among the military
men, wearing shorts and a t-shirt, without shoes on his feet – it is not
clear if he is with the men in uniform or a prisoner. The French speaker
recording appears to say 'Ça va comme ça'. There is the sound of a gun
rifle click. The man blindfolded in the grave tries to get up. A man
behind the camera shouts, 'ce la va, ce la va'. The man behind the
camera speaks more French which I struggle to understand. He says, 'le
téte'. There is the sound of 5 gunshots. The man in the grave is no
longer moving.153
Assuming the victim was a separatist, and was armed or engaging in warfare against
the State before he was finally captured by the Cameroonian military as seen in the
video, does the law allow summary execution of a prisoner of war without trial?
Article 8 (2) (c) (i) of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998
makes it a war crime to murder a prisoner of war. If there is a contention as to whether
there is an armed conflict in Cameroon which is not of an international character to
warrant the toga of war crime, the extra judicial killing of the victim above is still
murder or capital murder under local laws. 154 There is premeditation in the actions of
the soldiers; they dug a hole, threw the victim into the hole, brought out a recording
device and recorded the killing. That is capital murder going by local laws, and a war
crime should the perpetrators appear before the International Criminal Court. 155 The
above case is just one of numerous instances of human rights abuses highlighted in the
report156 mostly committed by government forces in their attempt to quell the uprising
and demand for self-determination in Anglophone Cameroon. The report157 contained
gory details of numerous State sponsored executions as well as killings by separatists
that for want of decency will not be highlighted here.

153

Willis, R., McAuley, J., Ndeunyema, N., and Angove, J., “Human Rights Abuses in the Cameroon
Anglophone Crises: A Submission of Evidence to UK Parliament”, (A report submitted by an
independent research team based at the Faculty of Law, University of Oxford on 30 October, 2019).
154
Sections 275 and 276 of the Penal Code of the Republic of Cameroon, Law No. 2016/007 of 12 July
2016
155
th
Although Cameroon signed the Rome Statute of International Criminal Court on 17 July, 1998, it is
yet to ratify it, thereby making the Rome Statute inapplicable to Cameroon. See Coalition for the
International Criminal Court, http://iccnow.org/?mod=urc0706, accessed on 20.12.2019 at 1050
156
Willis, R., et. Al., supra
157
Willis, R., et. Al., supra

32

4.2 Criminalising Agitations for the Exercise of the Right to Selfdetermination
Agitations or demands for the opportunity to exercise the right to self-determination
have been criminalised in some countries even though right to self-determination is
enshrined in the Charter setting up the United Nations.158 In Cameroon, for instance,
demand for secession was quickly criminalised in the wake of the civil disobedience
and unrest that engulfed the Anglophone parts of Cameroon in the recent past. In the
new Penal Code of 2016, section 111 criminalises secession and posits that “whoever
undertakes in any manner to infringe the territorial integrity of the republic shall be
punished with imprisonment for life.”159 The section went ahead in subsection 2 to
provide for death penalty for any person found guilty of the offence as provided in
section 111 if such offence was committed during the time of war, state of emergency,
or a period of siege. What this means is that agitating, demanding or campaigning for
secession from the Republic of Cameroon, or the opportunity to exercise the right to
self-determination, just as Anglophone Cameroonians did in 1961, would be deemed a
contravention of section 111 of the new Penal Code, and therefore, upon conviction
subject to life imprisonment or death as the case may be. It was on the basis of this
penal provision that the Anglophone separatist leaders, who were arrested in Nigeria
and repatriated to Cameroon by the Nigerian Government, were tried by a military
tribunal and sentenced to life imprisonment in August 2019 for being in breach of the
offence as stated in section 111 of the 2016 Penal Code.160
In Nigeria, agitations for the independence of a sovereign State of Biafra still rages
even though the then Eastern Nigeria that made up the defunct Biafra was defeated in
war and re-annexed back into Nigeria subsequently thereafter. Over the past two
decades, some prominent Igbo persons have risen up to campaign and demand for the
independence of the Igbos from the Nigerian federation to form the Republic of
Biafra. Officially, the preamble to the Nigerian Constitution states that “We the people
of the Federal Republic of Nigeria Having firmly and solemnly resolve (sic), to live in

158

Article 1 (2) of the UN Charter
Sec 111 (1) of the Penal Code of the Republic of Cameroon, Law No. 2016/007 of 12 July 2016
160
BBCNews, “Cameroon Crises: Ambazonia separatists get life sentences”, available from
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-49406649, accessed on 04.12.2019 at 22:21
159

33

unity and harmony as one indivisible and indissoluble sovereign nation 161 under
God […]”162 It should be pointed out here that the Constitution itself was a product of
the military regime that handed over power to a civilian government in 1999. 163 The
people were neither consulted nor their opinions sought before the Constitution was
imposed on the country, and so it is a fallacy to state that the people resolved to live as
one indivisible and indissoluble sovereign nation. That notwithstanding, the 1999
Constitution is the grundnorm in Nigeria, and supersedes every other legislation in the
country.164 Going by the constitutional preamble and provisions, secession is
unconstitutional, and any agitation for the exercise of the right to self-determination
which may have the end result of any part of the country seceding to form an
independent sovereign State is also unconstitutional.165 The Nigerian Criminal and
Penal Codes did not provide for any offence related to the disintegration or secession
of a part of the country to form an independent sovereign State. The Nigerian
government, however, has found usefulness in treason offences under the Codes by
charging separatists or persons agitating for Nigeria’s disintegration of committing
treason and treasonable felonies. Treason is the offence of acting to overthrow one’s
government or to harm or kill its sovereign. 166 Depending on the context in which the
proponents may want to apply the offence of treason to, it may also include a violation
of allegiance to one’s Sovereign or to one’s State.167 The Nigerian Criminal Code
stipulates thus
(1) Any person who levies war against the State, in order to intimidate
or overawe the President or the Governor of a State, is guilty of
treason, and is liable to the punishment of death.
(2) Any person conspiring with any person, either within or without
Nigeria, to levy war against the State with intent to cause such levying
161

Emphasis mine
Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999, as Amended in 2010, hereinafter referred to
as “the CFRN 1999, as amended in 2010”. Also, see sec. 2 (1) the CFRN 1999, as amended in 2010.
163
Following the death of the then Head of State, General Abacha in 1998, General Abdulsalami
Abubakar took over as the new Head of State, set up a military Constitution Drafting Committee which
made a new Constitution for Nigeria that came into effect in 1999 and upon which a civilian
government took over power from the military in the same year. See Ogowewo, T. I., “Why the
Judicial Annulment of the Constitution of 1999 is Imperative for the Survival of Nigeria’s Democracy ”,
in Journal of African Law vol. 44, no. 2, 2000, pp. 135-166
164
The Constitution is supreme and takes precedence should any other law made or which is
applicable to Nigeria be found to be inconsistent with it. See sec. 1 (2) the CFRN 1999, as amended in
2010
165
Sec. 2 (1) the CFRN 1999, as amended in 2010.
166
Mayben, M., Manifest Secession: A Proposal for Peace and Liberty (1776 Patriot’s Press, 2010), p.
17
167
Mayben, M., supra
162

34

of war as would be treason if committed by a citizen of Nigeria, is
guilty of treason and is liable to the punishment of death;
Provided that nothing in this section shall prevent any act from being
treason which is so by the law of England as is in force in Nigeria. 168
The purport of the above provision is that the carrying out of the acts stipulated above
as well as conspiring to do same amounts to treason. The punishment for the offence
of treason in Nigeria is death. Although harsh, the intent of the draftsman was to
totally discourage the commission or conspiring to commit the offence of treason
against the Nigerian State or its Sovereign, as the State’s major aim lies in deterring
the commission of an offence rather than in punishing offenders. The proviso to the
above section no longer serves any meaningful purpose as no one in Nigeria today can
be charged with, for instance, committing adultery with the Sovereign’s consort which
is high treason in the United Kingdom169 but not an offence in Nigeria. The Nigerian
Constitution stipulates that no person shall be convicted of a criminal offence unless
that offence is defined and its penalty thereof is prescribed in a written law.170
Nowhere was it written in the Nigerian laws that committing adultery, or doing same
with a Sovereign’s consort is treason, so the offence of treason in the United Kingdom
cannot validly be imported into the Nigerian law of treason without offending the
above constitutional provision.
The section providing for treason in Nigeria is exclusive; it enumerated actions that
are treasonous and did not give any room for inference. For the offence of treason to
be committed in Nigeria, a traitor must have levied war or conspired with any other
person to levy war against the Nigerian State in order to intimidate or overawe the
President or Governor of a state. In terms of agitations for the exercise of the right to
self-determination or secession, the treason section does not include them as acts
which are treasonous. However, such acts could become treasonous when they
involve levying of war or conspiring to levy war in order to intimidate or overawe the
Nigerian President into granting their wishes of holding a self-determination
referendum or seceding from Nigeria. This means that individuals can lawfully agitate
for the right to self-determination in so far as they do not wage war or conspire to
wage such war against the Nigerian State in order to intimidate or overawe the
President. Waging war or conspiracy to wage war are principal elements that must be

168

Sec. 37 Criminal Code cap C38 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004
Section II UK’s Treason Act 1351
170
Sec 36 (12) CFRN 1999 as amended
169

35

proved in order for a treason charge to succeed. According to Okonkwo and Naish171,
“war” as is used in the above section does not bear the restricted meaning which it
bears under international law, as it is not necessary that the accused persons should be
members of an armed force or even trained in military warfare or in the use of arms.172
The type of weapon used in levying the war is immaterial, so also the number of
persons involved in levying the war.173 The war must be levied for a general and
public purpose, if it is done merely for a private purpose, then the offence may be
simply a riot.174 For instance, In R. v Boro,175 the defendant’s counsel argued that to
establish the offence of treason as provided under the above section following the
waging of war or conspiracy to do same, it must be proved that the Head of State was
personally intimidated or overawed as provided in section 37 of the Criminal Code.
The Supreme Court however held that there is no difference between intimidating and
overawing the State and doing the same to the Head of State as the Head of State is
the embodiment of the State, and that to intimidate him is the same as intimidating the
State.176
The Nigerian government arrested one Ralph Uwazuruike in 2005 and charged him
and several others with conspiracy and treason against the Nigerian President and
State.177 Ralph Uwazuruike was the founder and leader of Movement for the
Actualisation of the Sovereign State of Biafra (MASSOB) which he formed in Lagos,
Nigeria on 13th September 1999 as a secessionist group to advance the interests of the
Igbo people of Nigeria and to demand for the independence of the old Eastern Region
of Nigeria to form a sovereign Biafran State. At the time Uwazuruike was arrested and
charged for treason, MASSOB calls for and engages in civil disobedience across
Nigeria, asking Igbo indigenes to observe sit-at-home protests, and holding protests
that paralyse economic activities in the respective cities in which they were held. He
spent several months in prison whilst awaiting trial, before a Court of Appeal admitted
him to bail in 2008. He was subsequently arrested in 2010, and again charged with
treason in a Magistrate Court which clearly lacks jurisdiction to entertain such matters

171

nd

Okonkwo and Naish, Criminal Law in Nigeria (2 Ed, Ibadan: Spectrum Books Limited, 1980) p. 337
Okonkwo and Naish, supra, p. 338
173
Okonkwo and Naish, supra, p. 338
174
Okonkwo and Naish, supra, p. 338; R v Hardie (1821) 1 St. Tr. 609,
175
R. v. Boro [1966] 1 All N.L.R. 266; [1967] N.M.L.R. 163
176
R. v. Boro, supra
177
Uwazuruike & ors. V. The Attorney General of the Federation & ors. (2013) LCN 4125 (SC)
172

36

so as to keep the accused person in prison pending trial.178 As it is the case in Holding
Charge matters, an accused will enter a plea to the charge179 while the Magistrate
remands him or her in prison pending trial by a higher court. Typically, accused
persons in Nigeria who had been moved to prison on a holding charge spend several
years in prison whilst awaiting trial by a competent court.180 Without prejudicing the
outcome of the criminal matters, it will be difficult to convict the defendants of
treason without proving that they actually levied war or conspired to levy war against
the Nigerian State or its President, and that in fact, the President or the State was
actually intimidated or overawed by such levying of war or conspiracy to so do.181
A splinter group182 later emerged to rival MASSOB and was led by one Nnamdi
Kanu,183 a Nigerian-British citizen. Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of IPOB, too was
arrested upon entering Nigeria in 2015, and charged with committing treason against
the Nigerian State for calling for the secession of the Old Eastern Nigeria to form
Biafra. He was held in prison for several months despite several court orders granting
him bail pending trial. President Buhari184 even admitted in a televised interview on
30th December, 2015 that he was not going to release Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of
IPOB, even though the courts had severally ordered for his release on bail pending
trial.185 The admission by the Nigerian President in a televised interview of wanting to
keep holding the leader of the secessionist IPOB in detention against court orders
confirms the suspicion in many quarters that indiscriminate arrest and purported
prosecution of secessionist agitators in Nigeria were more of political rather than
genuine belief in the allegations that such persons really committed treason and should

178

Treason and treasonable felonies are offences falling under the jurisdiction of the Federal High
Court pursuant to sec. 251 (2) CFRN 1999 as amended. The Nigerian Police has a penchant for bringing
charges against accused persons in courts that lack jurisdiction to try the said offence so as to get the
courts to make an order for the accused persons to be transferred from the police station to a prison
pending when their matters would be decided by a higher court that has jurisdiction to try the said
cases. This is what is called, “A Holding Charge” and this has been declared illegal by superior courts,
yet the Police in Nigeria still engage in the practice while the magistrate courts still provide them the
forum to do so. See Bola Kace v. The State (2006) 1 NWLR (pt. 962), p. 765
179
Enter a plea of “guilty” or “not guilty” when the charge is read out to him in court before the
magistrate
180
See Uwazuruike & ors. V. The Attorney General of the Federation & ors. (2013) LCN 4125 (SC)
181
R. v. Boro, supra
182
Indigenous People of Biafra
183
Adangor, Z., “Proscription of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOBi) and the Politics of Terrorism in
Nigeria”, in The Journal of Jurisprudence and Contemporary Issues vol. 10 no. 1, 2018, p. 144
184
The current President of NIgeria
185
Faloyin, D., “President Buhari calls Pro-Biafra Nnamdi Kanu’s acts “Treasonable””, Available from
https://www.newsweek.com/president-buhari-angered-biafra-leader-nnamdi-kanus-treasonableacts-410454, accessed on 08.01.2020

37

be held accountable in accordance with the law of the land. Nnamdi Kanu was
eventually released from prison on 27th April, 2017, 18 months after he was arrested
and held in prison awaiting trial.

Chapter 5: Secession and the Courts
5.1 The ICJ and Secession
Since the formation of the International Court of Justice, it has had few opportunities
to pronounce on cases that border on secession and self-determination beyond non
self-governing peoples and people still under colonial rule.186 The Kosovo scenario
which was before the ICJ for determination presented the court with the best
opportunity to finally settle the issue of self-determination in the modern period’s
international law which does not relate to colonised people or people who have not
attained self-governance. Kosovo was previously a part of Serbia which was in
federation with Montenegro to form the parent State of Federal Republic of
Yugoslavia.187 Following long running ethnic tensions and sectarian war between the
people of Kosovo on the one hand, and the then Federal Republic of Yugoslavia188
and the attendant interventions by different international players supporting either side
to the conflict, the UN Security Council adopted Resolution 1244 (1999) to ensure
interim administration of Kosovo, the return of refugees, withdrawal of military forces
from the region, and the resolution of the future political status of Kosovo.189
Resolution 1244 (1999) was pursuant to the UN’s Security Council’s powers under

186

For instance, the court had in the past, dealt with the right to self-determination of peoples who
have not attained self-rule in cases like Legal Consequences for States of the Continued Presence of
South Africa in Namibia (South West Africa) notwithstanding Security Council Resolution 276 (1970),
Advisory Opinion, I.C.J. Reports 1971, pp. 31-32, paras. 52-53; East Timor (Portugal v. Australia),
Judgment, I.C.J. Reports 1995, p. 102, para. 29; Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in
the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Advisory Opinion, I.C.J. Reports 2004 (I)
187
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia formally dissolved in 2003 with Serbia and Montenegro going
their separate ways to become independent of each other.
188
Made up of Serbia and Montenegro
189
Resolution 1244 (1999) at the time it came into force in Kosovo represented the grundnorm in
Kosovo’s legal order and hierarchy of laws following the interim suspension of Republic of Yugoslavia’s
sovereignty over Kosovo by the coming into force of Resolution 1244 (1999). See I.C.J., Advisory
Opinion on the Accordance with International Law of Unilateral Declaration of Independence by the
Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of Kosovo, (July 22, 2010). par. 57, p. 27

38

chapter VII of the UN Charter. Following the disintegration of the Republic of
Yugoslavia in 2006, Kosovo should have fallen within the territorial jurisdiction of the
Serbian State save for the interim administration created by the UN’s Security Council
to administer Kosovo. The interim administration was called “the United Nations
Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo”,190 and part of its mandate was to oversee,
in a final stage, the transfer of authority from Kosovo’s provisional institutions to
institutions established under a political settlement.191 When negotiations on the future
status of Kosovo failed192, legislative assembly elections were held in Kosovo on 17th
November, 2007, which in turn sat, and adopted an independence declaration for the
Republic of Kosovo on 17th February, 2008.193 The independence declaration in its
paragraph 1, as quoted in the advisory opinion of the ICJ, stated that
We, the democratically-elected leaders of our people, hereby declare
Kosovo to be an independent and sovereign state. This declaration
reflects the will of our people and it is in full accordance with the
recommendations of UN Special Envoy Martti Ahtisaari and his
Comprehensive Proposal for the Kosovo Status Settlement.194
The Republic of Serbia contests this unilateral declaration of independence by
Kosovo, and sought a ruling on the compliance with international law of such
unilateral declaration from the International Court of Justice.195 Serbia contended that
there is an implied prohibition of unilateral declaration of independence under the
principle of territorial integrity as provided for under article 2 (4) of the UN Charter.
The said article provides that “All Members shall refrain in their international
relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political
190

Otherwise referred to as the UNMIK
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, p. 29
192
The then UN Secretary General appointed former Finnish President, Martti Ahtisaari, as his special
envoy on Kosovo to oversee negotiations between the two sides. The negotiations f ailed, and Mr.
Ahtisaari included in his recommendations that the only viable option to settle the future status of
Kosovo is independence for Kosovo. A troika representing the European Union, United States, and the
Russian Federation was also set up for further negotiations. The Troika’s negotiation between the
opposing sides also failed before the unilateral declaration of independence by Kosovo. See I.C.J.,
Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 72, p. 34
193
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 65-74, pp. 31-35
194
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 75, pp. 35
195
The ICJ’s ruling followed a question posed by the General Assembly pursuant to resolution G.A.
Res. 63/3 of October 8, 2008, made following Serbia’s request. The question for the ICJ was framed
thus: “Is the unilateral; declaration of independence by the provisional institutions of SelfGovernment of Kosovo in accordance with international law?”
191

39

independence of any State, or in any other manner inconsistent with the Purposes of
the United Nations.”196 The ICJ, in its advisory opinion of 22nd July 2010, held that
there was no prohibition of declarations of independence according to State practice,
and that state practice, on the contrary, points clearly to the conclusion that
international law contained no prohibition to declaration of independence. 197 This
means that rather than prohibiting independence declarations, State practice clearly
show that such declarations are not prohibited as over time numerous states have
emerged through independence declarations. According to the court, the contention
that prohibition of unilateral declarations of independence is implicit in the principle
of territorial integrity is doubtful as the principle of territorial integrity is confined to
the sphere of relations between States.198 It concluded that
The adoption of the declaration of independence of 17 February 2008
did not violate general international law, Security Council resolution
1244 (1999) or the Constitutional Framework. Consequently, the
adoption of that declaration did not violate any applicable rule of
international law.199
A cursory look at article 2 (4) of the UN Charter shows that the article was
specifically referring to relations between Member States of the UN as the court
rightly pointed out. Kosovo, at the time it unilaterally declared its independence, was
neither a State per say nor a Member State of the UN, and so could not be covered by
article 2 (4) of the UN Charter to warrant the application of the said article in the case
before the ICJ in respect of assaulting the territorial integrity of the Serbian State.
Article 2 (4) of the UN Charter referred to “all members […] in their international
relations […]”200 while the dispute in question was an internal national dispute
between Serbia and its component part, the people of Kosovo. Serbia even contended
in its filings before the ICJ that Kosovo was a component part of Serbia thereby
nullifying any argument internationalising the dispute, which when stretched further,
196

Art. 2 (4) UN Charter
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, p. 29-48.
198
Ibid,
199
Ibid, par. 122
200
Art. 2 (4) UN Charter
197

40

prohibits assaulting the territorial integrity of a Member State by another Member
State.201
On the question whether the Security Council’s resolution 1244 (1999) prohibited
declaration of independence from the Republic of Serbia as was done by the Kosovo’s
General Assembly on 17th February 2008, the ICJ opined that the said resolution 1244
(1999) contains no express or implied prohibition of same. 202 According to the court,
the established practice of the Security Council in making resolutions show that the
Security Council usually specify express conditions in situations where it decides to
establish restrictive conditions for the permanent status of a territory.203 In the case of
Northern Cyprus, for instance, the Security Council had in resolution 1251 (1999)
reaffirmed its earlier position concerning the conflict in Cyprus, and stated that
“Cyprus settlement must be based on a State of Cyprus with a single sovereignty and
international personality and a single citizenship, with its independence and territorial
integrity safeguarded.”204 The stipulations in the resolution concerning the Cypriot
conflict were unambiguous as it made clear the intentions of the Security Council. It
specifically foreclosed any validation of acts assaulting or attempting to assault the
territorial integrity of the Cypriot State. In the case of Kosovo, however, the Security
Council Resolution 1244 (1999) alluded to the final status of Kosovo but did not
reserve for itself the final determination on how that final status will be resolved. The
said Resolution also failed or avoided enumerating any conditions for arriving at the
said final status of Kosovo. The court concluded that the Resolution 1244 (1999) does
not preclude the issuance of the declaration of independence, and so the declaration of
independence of 17th February 2008 did not contravene Resolution 1244 (1999).205 At
the time the independence declaration was made, Republic of Yugoslavia’s and by
extension the succeeding Republic of Serbia’s sovereignty over Kosovo was still
temporarily suspended by Resolution 1244 (1999). What this meant was that at the
material time of the unilateral independence declaration, the effective legal order
applicable in Kosovo derives from the Security Council Resolution 1244 (1999), and
not the Serbian legal jurisdiction. Since the court held that resolution 1244 (1999)
does not preclude explicitly or implicitly, independence declaration by the people of
201

I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 80, p. 38
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 114, pp. 50
203
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 114, pp. 50
204
Security Council Resolution 1251 (1999), par. 11
202

205

I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 114, pp. 50

41

Kosovo, the said independence declaration, prima facie, was valid as it did not
contravene the said Resolution 1244 (1999) which served as a temporary de jure
grundnorm206 from which other laws in Kosovo derived their validity.
The ICJ noted that unilateral declarations of independence are not per se, illegal under
international law. Illegality, however, may attach to such declarations when there is a
breach of certain norms of international law, which rises to the level of jus cogens, in
the surrounding circumstances existing at the time of the unilateral declaration.
According to the court,
[…] the illegality attached to the declarations of independence thus
stemmed not from the unilateral character of these declarations as such,
but from the fact that they were, or would have been, connected with
the unlawful use of force or other egregious violations of norms of
general international law, in particular those of a peremptory character
(jus cogens).207
This reiterates the neutrality of international law towards unilateral declarations of
independence in so far as basic norms of international law, which have jus cogens
character, are not breached during the process or in connection with the said unilateral
declarations. For instance the invasion or use of force against a State by another State
for the purposes of effecting a secession of a component part of that other State will
render illegal under international law whatever independence declaration arising as a
result of that invasion. This is because, article 2 (4) of the UN Charter enjoins all
Member States, in their international relations, to refrain from the use of force or
threats thereof against the territorial integrity of any State.208 The unilateral
declaration of independence by the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus from the
Republic of Cyprus following an invasion of Cyprus by the Republic of Turkey was
declared invalid by the UN Security Council which reiterated the recognition of one
Cyprus with sovereignty over the whole island nation.209 The Republic of Turkey, till
date, remains the only Member State of the UN to recognise the independence of the
Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. In the case of Crimea, which allegedly voted on
a referendum pursuant to a Russian invasion of the Crimean region of the Republic of
206

Grundnorm is a pure theory of law, propounded by Hans Kelson, which is taken to mean the basic
norm upon which every other norm derives its validity in the society. See Harris, J. W., “When and
Why Does the Grundnorm Change?”, in The Cambridge Law Journal vol. 29, No. 1, 1971, pp. 103-133
207
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo, par. 81, pp. 38
208
Article 2 (4) UN Charter
209
Security Council Resolution 1251 (1999), par. 11

42

Ukraine, unilaterally declared independence from the Republic of Ukraine, and was
annexed by the Russian Federation, the UN Security Council failed to agree on a
resolution concerning the issue given the veto power of the Russian Federation in the
Security Council. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia in order to effect the annexation
of Crimea was a breach of article 2 (4) of the UN Charter, which said breach
amounted to a violation of a jus cogens. Russia vetoed the Security Council’s attempt
to censure its misdeeds relating to Crimea. Nevertheless, the UN General Assembly
through Resolution GA/11493 of 27 March 2014 condemned the invasion and the
subsequent annexation of Crimea by Russia, and called upon Member States not to
recognise changes in the status of Crimea region.210 The United States, European
Union, as well as NATO also condemned same and imposed varying degrees of
sanctions against Russia for the breach of the territorial integrity of Ukraine. 211 When
the Crimean and Northern Cyprus scenario are compared with Kosovo, breach of
norms of international law of jus cogens character stands out as a distinguishing factor
which led to a different outcome under international law for Kosovo unlike Crimea
and Northern Cyprus.
It is however, unfortunate that the ICJ adopted a narrow interpretation of the issues
before it for consideration in the Kosovo case by declaring self-determination and
remedial secession to be beyond the scope of the question posed to it by the General
Assembly. The court deliberately avoided pronouncing on “the validity or legal effects
of the recognition of Kosovo”212 by UN Member States. The court also failed to
examine the justifications advanced by the States that recognised Kosovo’s
sovereignty.213 Implicit in the question of compliance with international law of
Kosovo’s unilateral declaration of independence lays the reasons for such unilateral
declaration and the validity thereof. The reasons are not far-fetched; right to selfdetermination and remedial secession. Therefore, it appears absurd to look at the
legality of such unilateral declaration of independence without taking into account the
underlying factors that caused such unilateral declaration.
210

General Assembly Resolution GA/11493 of 27 March 2014
EU
restrictive
measures
in
response
to
the
crisis
in
Ukraine,
https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquartershomepage_en/8322/EU%20restrictive%20measures%20in%20response%20to%20the%20crisis%20in
%20Ukraine, accessed on 19.02.2020
212
Ibid, par. 51
213
Bolton G., & Visoka G., “Recognizing Kosovo’s Independence: Remedial secession or earned
sovereignty?”, in South East European Studies at Oxford, Occasional Paper No. 11/10, 2010, p. 2
211

43

5.2 Regional Courts and Secession I (The ECtHR)
In order to highlight the development of the right to self-determination beyond the
ICJ, decisions of some regional courts, in this case the European Court of Human
Rights214 and the African Commission on Human Rights,215 will be examined. The
choice of the two regional courts stems from the researcher’s background as an
African where there are many active secessionist struggles, and Europe which
previously colonised several countries prior to the UN’s decolonisation drive. The
ECtHR had in 2003 made some salient pronouncements in the case of Refah Partisi216
that implicitly touched on the right to self-determination. The Refah Partisi was a
political party in the Republic of Turkey that was dissolved by the Constitutional
Court of Turkey, and its assets forfeited to the State for becoming “a centre of
activities against the principle of secularism” in Turkey.217 In the national courts, the
leadership of the party, as well as members of parliament elected on its platform, were
accused of professing and supporting objectives that included the introduction of
sharia law as well as establishment of a theocratic regime in Turkey. The said
objectives were contrary to the principles of democracy which the Republic of Turkey
accepted upon acceding to the European Convention on Human Rights. Although the
party claimed to have expelled those responsible for making the comments or
propagating the offensive objectives after being served with the prosecutor’s
application to dissolve the party, the Constitutional Court found the party liable and
subsequently ordered its dissolution. The party and other applicants applied to the
ECtHR alleging breach of their articles 9 (freedom of thought), 10 (freedom of
expression), 11 (freedom of assembly and association), 14 (prohibition of
discrimination), 17 (prohibition of abuse of rights), 18 (limitations on use of
restrictions on rights) of the Convention on Human Rights,218 and articles 1
(protection of property), and 3 (right to free elections) of Protocol No. 1 of the
Convention.219 The court, in dismissing the application, opined in one of the
214

Hereinafter referred to the ECtHR
Hereinafter referred to as the ACHR
216
Refah Partisi (The Welfare Party) & Ors v. Turkey (Grand Chamber Judgment, of 13.02.2003),
hereinafter referred to as “the Refah Partisi case”.
217
Refah Partisi case
218
European Convention on Human Rights, hereinafter referred to as “the Convention” under this
chapter
219
Protocol No. 1 to the European Convention on Human Rights, hereinafter referred to a s “Protocol
No. 1 to the Convention”
215

44

paragraphs that a political party may campaign for a change in the law, legal or
constitutional structures of a State only on two conditions. The court stated the
conditions to be “firstly, the means used to that end must be legal and democratic in
every respect; secondly, the change proposed must itself be compatible with
fundamental democratic principles.”220 Although secession and self-determination
were not at issue before the court, but implicit in the above conditions set out by the
court is recognition by the ECtHR that under the Convention, a people can
legitimately seek a change in the constitution of a country or secede from it. This the
people can do if they adhere to the conditions listed above in their pursuit of their set
out goals even if such goals were to be disallowed under national laws. This means
that a region like Catalonia in Spain can legitimately pursue secession or secede from
Spain under the Convention even though it is unlawful under national laws. This the
Catalan secessionists can do by using democratic means without resort to any violence
in pursuing their aims, and the proposed State which they wish to create outside Spain
being democratic. In the instant case of Refah Partisi, for seeking to enthrone
theocracy which is anti-democratic, and for inciting violence, the court held that the
Refah Partisi and other applicants cannot lay claim to the Convention’s protection
against penalties imposed on them under national laws for their anti-democratic
objectives.
The ECtHR, however in a recent case,221 had ruled against pro-secessionist Catalan’s
then President and members of Parliament of the region’s Assembly in their
application to the court for relief against the suspension of the region’s parliamentary
session by the Spanish Constitutional Court. In Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain,
the issues for determination concerned alleged breach of the freedom of peaceful
assembly of the applicants under article 11 of the Convention and article 3 of Protocol
No. 1 to the Convention. The facts of the show that the Catalan Parliament enacted a
law in September 2017222 mandating the conduct of an independence referendum for
Catalonia, and the declaration of independence should the people vote in favour of
secession.223 The minority members of Parliament were dissatisfied and petitioned the

220

Refah Partisi case
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), judgment of the European Court of Human Rights
delivered on 07.05.2019
222
Catalan Region’s Law No. 19/2017
223
Sec. 4 of Catalan Region’s Law No. 19/2017
221

45

constitutional court, which issued a provisional injunction suspending the said law224
and law no. 20/2017225 pending the determination on merit of the suit. The Catalan
Parliament ignored the constitutional court’s provisional injunction and held the
referendum on October 1, 2017.226 The Parliament convened a plenary sitting for
October 9, 2017 to declare the results of the referendum and to proclaim Catalonia’s
independence from Spain.227 The Plenary sitting for October 9, 2017 was
provisionally suspended by the constitutional court on the application of minority
members of the Parliament, pending a determination on merit of the suit.228 The
constitutional court subsequently declared the laws unconstitutional for being marred
by procedural irregularities, and also held that referendum and secession issues
infringed national unity, and therefore fell outside the jurisdiction of the Catalan
Parliament.229 It was on the basis of the above facts that the applicants applied to the
ECtHR for the alleged breach of their right to freedom of assembly as guaranteed
under article 11 of the Convention. The ECtHR, in its judgment, declared the
application inadmissible and held that the constitutional court was within its rights in
provisionally suspending the plenary sitting of October 9, 2017 for stemming from an
already suspended Law No. 19/2017. In justifying the inadmissibility of the
application, the ECtHR posited that “the Organic Law on the Constitutional Court
provides for the possibility of adopting any necessary preventive measures and
provisional decisions in order to prevent an appeal from becoming nugatory.”230 The
Catalan Parliament had acted unlawfully by going ahead with the planning and
holding of the referendum without first getting the court to lift the provisional
suspension of law No. 19/2017. By going ahead to conduct the referendum despite the
court’s order to the contrary, they foisted on the court a situation which will render
nugatory whatever judgment on the merit the court will render in the main suit. The
disobedience of a valid court order renders invalid whatever further actions the
Parliament took in disobedience of the existing court order, for according to Lord
Denning, “you cannot place something on nothing and expect it to stand.”231 The

224

Catalan Region’s Law No. 19/2017
Catalan Region’s Law no. 19/2017
226
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
227
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
228
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
229
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
230
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
231
MacFoy v. United Africa Company Limited (West Africa) [1961] 3 All ER 1169
225

46

ECtHR also reiterated its earlier stated two conditions232 when seeking to enthrone a
new legal order. According to the ECtHR,
Regard should also be had to the irregularities in the approval
procedure for Law no. 19/2017 (which had originated the convening of
the impugned sitting) subsequently noted by the Constitutional Court in
its decision on the merits. Indeed, while a political party is entitled to
campaign for a change in the State’s legislation or legal or
constitutional structures, the party in question may only do so if the
means used are absolutely lawful and democratic.233
Manifest irregularities bedevilled Law No. 19/2017. The law was provisionally
suspended by the constitutional court. The Catalan Parliament sought to give effect to
the law without first getting the court to lift the provisional suspension thereby acting
unlawfully. The ECtHR admitted that a democratic process designated as a
referendum by a Contracting State may fall within the scope of article 3 of Protocol
No. 1 to the Convention, however, that would require the procedure to be conducted
“under conditions which will ensure the free expression of the opinion of the people in
the choice of the legislature”.234 When the above established facts are juxtaposed with
the two conditions given by the ECtHR when seeking to establish a new order or
secede from a State, the activities of the secessionist Catalan members of Parliament
failed to pass the basic test of democratic and lawful means in the pursuit of their aims
as set out by the ECtHR.235
When the two cases of Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain and Refah Partisi
emanating from the ECtHR are contrasted with national policies of most countries
which are signatories to the Convention, one finds that secession stricto sensu, is not
unlawful under the Convention even though it may be unlawful under national laws.
However, to lawfully secede under the Convention, the two conditions as listed in the
case of Refah Partisi and reiterated in Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain must be
followed and adhered to. To this end, a region in a country that is signatory to the
Convention can secede lawfully under the Convention, despite objections from the
national government, if it uses democratic and lawful means devoid of any violence in

232

See Refah Partisi case
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
234
See Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra; Moohan and Gillon v. the
United Kingdom (dec.), 22962/15 and 23345/15, 13 June 2017
235
See Refah Partisi case ; Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
233

47

pursuing the aim of secession, and the proposed independent State which it seeks to
create being a democratic State.236

5.3 Regional Courts and Secession II (The ACHR)
In Africa, the African States, having benefited from self-determination rights against
their colonialists, were in no hurry to include the right to self-determination in the
African regional legal system.237 It was not until the drafting of the African Charter on
Human and People’s Rights238 that the right to self-determination emerged as a
concept and a right in the regional legal system beyond the colonial context.239
According to the Charter,
1. All peoples shall have the right to existence. They shall have the
unquestionable and inalienable right to self-determination. They shall
freely determine their political status and shall pursue their economic
and social development according to the policy they have freely
chosen.
2. Colonized or oppressed peoples shall have the right to free
themselves from the bonds of domination by resorting to any means
recognized by the international community
3. All peoples shall have the right to the assistance of the State Parties
to the present Charter in their liberation struggle against foreign
domination, be it political, economic or cultural.240
Coming at a time when most African countries had gained independence from their
erstwhile colonial masters, the self-determination rights provision under the Charter
was given validation beyond the colonial context by the Charter. Self-determination
right was divided into two by the Charter by alluding to the right to self-determination
of all peoples, and the right to self-determination of peoples still under colonial or
imperial rule.241 The Charter made copious use of the term “people” and projected
self-determination rights as a people’s rights without providing any definition of the
term “people”. The African Commission on Human and People’s Rights 242 in

236

See Refah Partisi case ; Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
Salomon, S., “Self-determination in the case law of the African Commission: Lessons for Europe”, in
VRÜ Verfassung und Recht in Übersee, (VRÜ, Jahrgang 50 (2017), Heft 3), p. 224
238
The African Charter was adopted on 27 June 1981 in Nairobi, Kenya, and came into force on 21
October 1986 after the ratification of same by 25 member States
239
Salomon, S., 2017, supra, p. 224
240
Article 20 African Charter on Human and People’s Rights
241
Salomon, S., 2017, supra, p. 230
242
Hereinafter referred to as “the African Commission”
237

48

Endorois’ Communication243 enumerated certain features which “a people” should
possess in order to be regarded as such under the African Charter with benefits of the
people’s or group rights as contained in the Charter. According to the Commission in
the Endorois’ case, a people should have
…a common historical tradition, racial or ethnic identity, cultural
homogeneity, linguistic unity, religious and ideological affinities,
territorial connection, and a common economic life or other bonds,
identities and affinities they collectively enjoy – especially rights
enumerated under Articles 19 to 24 of the African Charter – or suffer
collectively from the deprivation of such rights.244
In Kevin Mwaganga Gunme et al v. Cameroon,245 the complainants brought the
Communication against the Republic of Cameroon, which is a State party to the
African Charter, alleging violations of the right to self-determination of the people of
Southern Cameroon. The alleged violations were consequent upon the two-option
referendum of 1961 which asked whether the people of Southern Cameroon would
federate with either Nigeria or the Republic of Cameroon. Majority of the voters in the
said referendum chose to federate with the new Republic of Cameroon.The
complainants, however, contend that the referendum vote was never ratified by the
then Southern Cameroon’s House of Assembly, and that the lack of third option of
independence in the referendum question negatively impacted the right to selfdetermination of the people of Southern Cameroon. In their complaint, they contend
that the people of southern Cameroon qualify as a people, and therefore are capable of
enjoying the group rights under the African Charter, and in particular, the right to selfdetermination. The complainants also alleged civil, political, and economic
marginalisation of the people of Southern Cameroon by the respondent Republic of
Cameroon.246 The African Commission in its decision, however, declined jurisdiction
to entertain the issue of “illegal and forced annexation, or colonial occupation of
Southern Cameroon by the Respondent State” since the said issue fell outside the
Commission’s jurisdiction rationae temporis given the fact that the facts complained
therein occurred before the coming into force of the African Charter in 1986 and were

243

Centre for Minority Rights Development (Kenya) and Minority Rights Group, Comm. 276/2003
(ACHPR, 25 November 2009), Legal Resources Foundation v. Zambia, (African Commission on Human
and Peoples’ Rights), para. 73 (Endorois’ communication for short.).
244
Endorois’ communication, par. 73
245
Kevin Mwaganga Gunme et al v. Cameroon, Comm. 266/03 (ACHPR, 27 May 2009). Hereinafter
referred to Gunme’s case
246
Gunme’s Case, par. 2-22

49

not alleged to be a continuing violation.247 In the determination of other alleged issues,
the Commission found that the people of Southern Cameroon qualify as a “people”
under the Charter because they exhibit several characteristics associated with a
“people”, including a shared history; tradition; language; territory; and political
outlook.248 It is for the people to identify themselves as such, as identity is an innate
characteristic within a people, which external people could recognise but not to deny
its existence.249 Having determined the Southern Cameroonians constituted a people
to whom the people’s rights under the Charter are applicable to, including the right to
self-determination, the Commission surprisingly held that it cannot envisage, condone
or encourage secession as a form of self-determination for the people of Southern
Cameroons as that will jeopardise the territorial integrity of the Republic of
Cameroon, which the Commission is obliged to uphold as a party to the Charter.250
According to the Commission, “The Commission has however accepted that
autonomy within a sovereign State, in the context of self government, confederacy, or
federation, while preserving territorial integrity of a State party, can be exercised
under the Charter.”251 There is however, no provision under the Charter defining the
forms of self-determination a people could exercise, neither does the provisions on
self-determination limit the exercise of such right to internal self-determination only,
to the exclusion of outright secession. The Commission is of the view that for article
20 of the Charter to be deemed to have been violated, that “it must satisfy the
Commission that the two conditions under Article 20(2), namely oppression and
domination have been met.”252 Article 20 of the Charter, which provides for right to
self-determination, does not contain any indication to the effect that article 20 (1) and
(2) must be read conjunctively and the condition of being oppressed or dominated
fulfilled before a people can take advantage of either article 20 (1) or 20 (2) in
asserting a right to self-determination. The subsections (1) and (2) of article 20 of the
Charter ended with full stop marks at the end of each subsection thereby signifying
they were disjunctive and can stand separately when alleging or finding a breach to
warrant the exercise of self-determination rights as contained therein. The
Commission failed to give any indication as to how it arrived at the conjunctive
247

Gunme’s Case, par. 155
Gunme’s Case, par. 179
249
Gunme’s Case, par. 179
250
Gunme’s Case, par. 190
251
Gunme’s Case, par. 191
252
Gunme’s Case, par. 197
248

50

reading of subsections (1) and (2) of article 20 of the African Charter. It is bewildering
therefore where the Commission found the conjunctive meaning it is ascribing to the
subsections.
In an earlier case of Katangese Peoples’ Congress v. Zaire253, the Commission had
held that in order for alleged violations under the Charter to constitute the basis for the
exercise of the right to self-determination, the violations must be of such a nature as to
show “concrete evidence of violations of human rights to the point that the territorial
integrity of the State Party should be called to question, coupled with the denial of the
people, their right to participate in the government as guaranteed by Article 13 (1).”254
In that case, the complainant alleged a violation of the right to self-determination of
the Katangese people as provided for under article 20 (1) of the African Charter on
Human and People’s Rights by the Republic of Zaire. The complainant, who was the
President of the Katangese Peoples’ Congress, however failed to disclose any
instances of the alleged breach of the rights contained in the Charter to warrant the
exercise or application of the self-determination rights of the Katangese people to
secession.255 The Commission cited the Katanga case in deciding Gunme’s case on
the severity of breaches of the articles of the Charter a State party may be found liable
in order to warrant the invocation of external self-determination in favour of the
applicants against the State party. The facts of the Katanga case can be distinguished
from Gunme’s case given that serious breaches were alleged by the complainants in
Gunme’s case and the Commission found the respondent Republic of Cameroon liable
of having breached those rights as contained in articles 2, 4, 5, 6, 6, and 11 of the
African Charter. The Commission also determined that the Southern Cameroonians
constituted a people capable of taking advantage of the people’s rights as contained in
articles 19-24 of the Charter. It is however, difficult to fathom why the Commission
introduced extraneous requirements for the exercise of the right to self-determination
under article 20 outside the clear provisions of the said article.

253

Katangese Peoples' Congress v. Zaire, African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, Comm.
No. 75/92 (1995), hereinafter referred to as “the Katanga case”.
254
The Katanga case, as quoted in Gunme’s Case, par. 194
255
The Katanga case

51

5.4 National Courts and Secession (Quebec Case)
Decisions from national courts have little influence on the development of
international law, but one particular decision stands out which cannot be ignored when
discussing right to self-determination and secession. In Reference re Secession of
Quebec256, a reference was made to the Canadian Supreme Court by the Governor-inCouncil concerning certain questions relating to the secession of Quebec from
Canada.257 The questions referred to the court were 3-fold thus; the constitutionality
under Canada’s Constitution, of a unilateral secession of Quebec from Canada; the
legality of such unilateral secession of Quebec from Canada under international law;
and in the event of a conflict between domestic and international law on a unilateral
secession of Quebec from Canada, which aspect of law would take precedence in
Canada.258 On the question whether there is a right to unilateral session under the
Canadian Constitution, the court held that since the Constitution vouchsafes order and
stability, that secession of a province under the Constitution could not be unilaterally
achieved, and without principled negotiation with other participants in confederation
within the existing constitutional framework.259 According to the court, “a clear
majority vote in Quebec on a clear question in favour of secession would confer
democratic legitimacy on the secession initiative which all of the other participants in
Confederation would have to recognize.”260 The court is of the opinion that despite the
outcome of a referendum vote, the seceding part cannot purport to invoke a right to
self-determination in order to dictate the terms of a proposed secession to the other
federating units as the vote itself cannot push aside the principles of federalism, rule
of law, individual and minority rights, or other principles of democracy in Canada.261
This does not mean however, that the Canadian constitutional order will be indifferent
to a clear expression of majority of Quebecers voting in favour of secession to show
that they no longer wished to remain a part of Canada.262 In negotiations after a
successful referendum, the court held that the other parts of the federating units and
the Canadian federal government will have no basis to deny the right of the people
256
257

(1998) 2 SCR 217
Reference re Secession of Quebec, [1998] 2 S.C.R. 217

258

Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
260
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
261
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
262
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
259

52

and government of Quebec to pursue secession should a clear majority of the Quebec
people vote in favour of same so long as the rights of others are respected in the
process.263 The court, in answering questions concerning the legality of unilateral
secession of Quebec under international opined that it was not purporting to act as an
international tribunal sitting in judgment over international laws, but merely giving
advisory opinion to the Governor-in-Council on legal issues concerning the future of
the Canadian federation from which Quebec seeks to secede.264 The court declined to
provide a definition of who “a people” is, who are capable of enjoying the right to
self-determination.265 However, it admitted there is a right to self-determination under
international law, but that the said right was limited to people that are still governed as
part of a colonial empire; a people subject to alien subjugation, domination or
exploitation; or where a people is denied any meaningful exercise of its right to selfdetermination within the State they are part of.266 As Quebec do not meet the
threshold of a colonial or oppressed people, or a people who have been denied
meaningful access to government to pursue their political, economic, cultural and
social development, the court held that the people and government of Quebec “do not
enjoy a right at international law to effect the secession of Quebec from Canada
unilaterally.”267 Having concluded there is no right to unilateral secession under the
Constitution and under international law, the court failed to rule out the possibility of
unilateral secession by Quebec leading to a de facto session. It held that the success of
such unilateral secession would depend on the international community according or
withholding recognition of same.268 Where the international community recognises
such de facto secession, the act of recognising same, according to the court, will not
accord any retroactive justification for the act of secession under the Canadian
Constitution or under international law.269 In deciding the last issue referred to the
court, the court held that there was no conflict between the Canadian national law and
international law on the issue of right to self-determination and secession, and so there
was no need to address the issue in the context of the referred questions.270

263

Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
265
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
264

266

Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
268
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
269
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
270
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
267

53

The Quebec Advisory Opinion of the Canadian Supreme Court was given in 1998. In
the light of the 2010 Advisory Opinion of the ICJ on the accordance of the unilateral
declaration of independence by Kosovo to the effect that unilateral declaration of
independence is not unlawful under international law, the 1998 Canadian Supreme
Court’s ruling in Reference re Secession of Quebec271 no longer seems to be good law
in Canada’s jurisprudence. The Canadian Supreme Court held that unilateral
declaration of independence is unlawful under international while the ICJ reached the
exact opposite decision in its Advisory Opinion on Kosovo.272 The Canadian Supreme
Court shied away from making a pronouncement on the third referred issue of conflict
between international law and Canadian domestic law and which of the two laws takes
precedence in situations where there is a conflict.273 As the ICJ’s Advisory Opinion on
Kosovo has shown, unilateral declaration of independence is not prohibited under
international law, and this is in direct conflict with the latter’s prohibition under the
Canadian Constitution. How the Canadian Supreme Court will resolve this conflict of
laws remains to be seen when next an opportunity presents itself for a decision on the
third referred issue. Again, when the second issue of the referred questions is
compared with article 20 of the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights, the
African Charter went beyond colonised and oppressed people to make a broad
provision for all peoples to enjoy the right to self-determination as guaranteed under
the Charter. When however, same is viewed in the light of the African Commission’s
decision in Gunme’s case, this will lead to the same conclusion with Canada’s
Supreme Court that a people need to be under colonial or alien subjugation in order to
enjoy the right of self-determination under international law. However, as Canada is
neither a Member State nor a signatory to the African Charter on Human and People’s
Rights, the African Charter is not applicable to it, and whatever comparison there is to
make on the issue of the extent of the right to self-determination, is merely academic.
Following the Supreme Court’s ruling in Reference re Secession of Quebec, the
Canadian Parliament enacted in 2000 the Clarity Act274 which sets out the modalities
to be followed and the clarity of questions to be asked in a referendum when a

271

Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo
273
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra
274
An Act to give effect to the requirement for clarity as set out in the opinion of the Supreme Court
of Canada in the Quebec Secession Reference (S.C. 2000, c. 26), also known as “the Clarity Act” or “Bill
C-20”
272

54

province tables before the province’s Legislative Assembly a proposal for referendum
on whether or not to secede from Canada. The enactment of the Clarity Act by the
Canadian Parliament elicited a critical response from the Quebec region which in turn
enacted its own Bill 99275 in 2000 reaffirming the fundamental principle that the
Quebec people is free to take charge of its own destiny, determine its political status
and pursue its economic, social and cultural development, as well as possessing the
inalienable right to self-determination.276 Bill 99 reiterated the fact that it is for the
Quebec people, acting through their own political institutions that will determine the
modalities for any future referendum vote and not as stated in the federal Clarity
Act.277 When there is a referendum in Quebec, Bill 99 maintains that the winning
option is the option that obtains a majority of the valid votes cast 278 unlike the clear
majority rule stipulated in the Reference re Secession of Quebec case and reiterated by
the Clarity Act.279 Bill 99 essentially affirms Quebec’s unilateral right to determine
the modalities for future referendum questions and votes in opposition to the Supreme
Court’s ruling and the Clarity Act. A challenge to the constitutional validity of Bill 99
in a Quebec superior court led the court to hold, 17 years after the suit was instituted,
that Bill 99 was not unconstitutional.280 The applicant alleged that the adoption of Bill
99 was tantamount to the Quebec government giving itself the unilateral right to
secede without negotiating with the rest of Canada as stated by the Supreme Court in
Reference re Secession of Quebec case.281 The applicant also sought a declaration that
Bill 99 was ultra vires the powers of the Quebec National Assembly as the law had
effects beyond Quebec and will affect the whole of Canada in the event of Quebec’s
secession from Canada.282 The court rejected all the applicant’s pleadings and held
that Bill 99 was valid constitutionally as the Quebec National Assembly had the
constitutional jurisdiction to adopt it, and that Bill 99 does not infringe on any
provisions of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.283 The judgment of the
superior court in this case is currently on appeal to an appellate court, and until the
appeal is disposed off, the judgment remains valid and binding. However, the tug of
275

Act Respecting the exercise of the Fundamental Rights and Prerogatives of the Québec People and
the Québec State, (R.S.Q., c. E-20.2), otherwise known as Bill 99
276
Bill 99
277
Chap 1, par. 3 of Bill 99
278
Meaning 50% plus 1 vote. See Chap 1, par. 4 of Bill 99
279
Reference re Secession of Quebec, supra; Sec 2 (1) Clarity Act
280
Henderson v. Procureure générale du Québec, 2018 QCCS 1586
281
Henderson v. Procureure générale du Québec, supra
282
Henderson v. Procureure générale du Québec, supra
283
Henderson v. Procureure générale du Québec, supra

55

war between the Canadian Federal Parliament and the National Assembly of Quebec
over who calls the shots on referendum issues leading to secession is a potential
political crisis if not properly handled.
The codification of referendum requirements by the Federal Parliament of Canada in
the Clarity Act represents a tremendous step in giving life to the right to selfdetermination beyond colonised or oppressed people by a national government. The
Clarity Act represents an acknowledgment by a State that it cannot hold a people
against their consent and force them to perpetually remain in a political union which is
contrary to the principle of self-determination of peoples. It recognises that it is for the
people to decide for themselves, through their mandate, how they ought to be
governed and whom to pay allegiance to. Internationalisation of the principles
contained in the Canadian Clarity Act will eliminate, or drastically reduce incidences
of armed conflict usually associated with struggles for self-determination. This could
be achieved through an optional protocol to the ICCPR which will be applicable in the
countries that ratified the optional protocol. However, getting countries to ratify such
an optional protocol will be a herculean task as most countries are made up of multiethnic societies who may want to take advantage of the clarity in self-determination
issue and attain statehood.

Chapter 6: Scotland as a Contemporary Precedent
6.1 From Biafra to Scotland
The United Kingdom as a permanent member of the UN’s Security Council, a
multinational State with an active secessionist movement, and a former colonial
master, is a good source of contemporary model from which other countries’ handling
of secessionist and self-determination issues could be adjudged. It presupposes
therefore, that the way and manner the British Government handles agitations for
secession within its own union will have a reverberating effect all over the world,
especially in countries that reverence the United Kingdom as their former colonialist
and from whom they derived much of their laws.
56

In the UK, the 2011 Scottish Parliamentary election handed a major boost to proindependence campaigners as the Scottish Nationalist Party, which was at the
forefront of Scottish independence push, won majority seats in the Parliament.284 This
paved the way for negotiations with the UK government on the future of Scotland.
While the UK government agreed that the future of Scotland lies in the hands of
Scottish voters, it contested the competency of the Scottish Parliament to solely
legislate on Scottish referendum.285 Both sides reached an agreement after several
negotiations and signed the Edinburgh Agreement on 15th October, 2012 thereby
allowing the Scottish Parliament to legislate on Scottish referendum that will bear
only a single question of Scottish independence or continued union with the United
Kingdom.286 According to the agreement, “the referendum should have a clear legal
base; be legislated for by the Scottish Parliament; be conducted so as to command the
confidence of parliaments, government and people; and deliver a fair test and decisive
expression of the views of people of Scotland and a result that everyone will
respect.”287 The Edinburgh Agreement represents a major milestone in recognition of
the right to self-determination of a people by a country during peace time without the
threats of war or breakdown of law and order.288 A Scottish Independence Bill of 2014
framed the justification and the inherent right to self-determination succinctly thus
Self-determination developed during the 20th century and has been
codified in the fundamental and universal documents of the
international system, such as the Charter of the United Nations in 1945
and the International Covenants on Civil and Political Rights and
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights of 1966. The referendum, and
becoming an independent country, would be an act of selfdetermination by the people of Scotland. However self-determination is
permanent and that principle would continue to be respected following
independence by the on-going democratic nature of Government in
Scotland.289
284

MacWhirter, I., Disunited Kingdom: How Westminster Won a Referendum but Lost Scotland (Cargo
Publishing, 2014), p. 15
285
Loppez-Basaguren, A., & San-Epifanio, L. E., (ed), Claims for Secession and Federalism: A
st
Comparative Study with a Special Focus on Spain (1 Ed., Springer, 2019), p. 189
286
Adam, E. C., “Self- determination and the Use of Referendums: the Case of Scotland”, in
International Journal of Politics, Culture, and Society vol. 27, 2013, p. 48
287
The Edinburgh Agreement, 2012
288
Turp, D. & Calvet, M. S. I. (ed), The Emergence of a Democratic Right to Self-determination in
Europe (Centre Maurits Coppieters, vol. 12, 2016), p. 188
289
Scottish Government, The Scottish Independence Bill: a Consultation on an Interim Constitution for
Scotland, (Edinburgh: Scottish Government, 2014), p. 28; Duclos, N., “The Strange Case of the Scottish
Independence Referendum: Some Elements of Comparison between the Scottish and Catalan Cases”,
in French Journal of British Studies vol. XX no. 2, 2015, par. 9

57

The Agreement enabled the Scottish Parliament to legislate on referendum, which said
referendum was carried out on 18th September, 2014.290 However, the result was
emphatic, as majority of the voters chose to remain part of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Northern Irelands rather than gaining independence and forming the
Republic of Scotland.291 55.3% of the voters voted “NO” on independence while
44.7% voted “YES”. The 2014 referendum made it the third time Scotland had voted
on a self-determination referendum in relation to their continued union with the
UK.292
Although the Scottish referendum failed in its bid to lead to a new and independent
Scotland,293 nevertheless, separatists in Nigeria, Anglophone Cameroon, other parts of
sub-Saharan Africa agitating for independence, and even the Catalonians of Spain
point to that as a civilised way of settling self-determination issues.294 In the midst of
disagreements, rising tensions, conflicts and threats of conflicts, that opposing parties
could still reach a political solution on issues of session without resort to conflict and
allow a people to determine for themselves their political future post decolonisation,
was inconceivable until the Edinburgh Agreement.295 How to achieve this amicable
political solution, however without the drumbeats of war, remains an uphill task in
most countries, especially in sub-Saharan Africa, where every political calculation is
perceived from the prism of ethnicity, religion, and where might still makes right. 296
In Nigeria, both the leaders of MASSOB and IPOB in Biafra’s independence agitation
had at different times called for referendums to be conducted in the formerly Eastern

290

, D. & Calvet, M. S. I. (ed), supra, p. 187
D. & Calvet, M. S. I. (eds), supra, p. 187
292
Antunes, S. F., “The Scottish Referendum 2014: the Political Process before and after the ‘NO’
Vote”, in E-journal of International Relations vol. 6 no. 2, 2015, p. 45
293
The 2014 referendum was won by voters who wished to remain a part of the UK union rather than
gaining independence and standing on its own as a sovereign nation
294
Duclos, N., supra, par. 11
295
The UK government and that of Scotland came to the agreement on the understanding and basis of
the “doctrine of the mandate”, which implies that obtaining a majority in an election by a party gives
the party in power the political and moral authority to carry out any policy which formed part of its
manifestoes and electioneering campaigns. The Scottish National Party, haven campaigned and won
absolute majority in the 2011 parliamentary election on the strength of Scottish nationalism is entitled
to implement the promises contained in the party’s manifesto and upon which it won the election,
albeit, a right to referendum. See Bochel J., Denver, D., & Macartney, A., (eds.), The Referendum
Experience. Scotland 1979, (Aberdeen: Aberdeen University Press, 1981), p. 171. Also reported in
Duclos, N., supra, par. 13
296
Wenar, L., Blake, M., James, A., Kutz, C., Mehdiyeva, N., and Stilz, A., Beyond Oil: Philosophy, Policy,
and the Future (New York: Rowman & Littlefield, 2018), p. 14
291

58

Region of Nigeria.297 The referendum demand, if granted, will allow the people decide
for themselves what their political future will be and whether they still wanted to be
part of Nigeria or secede and become an independent nation. Going by the classical
precedent set by the Edinburgh Agreement, the calls for referendum by the different
separatist groups, however, lack one vital element: legitimacy.298 Legitimacy is a
conception by a polity that a government is properly constituted, and therefore, is
worthy of obedience. The separatist leaders and groups were neither elected nor
appointed to speak or act on behalf of the Igbo people, or the peoples that constituted
the formerly old Eastern Region of Nigeria. Whereas in the case of Scotland, it was
obvious that the Scottish Parliament, dominated by majorities from pro-independence
parties had the mandate of the people to negotiate the parameters of referendum and
self-determination rights with the UK government based in London. 299 The Scottish
Parliament was elected by the people while the MASSOB and IPOB groups and their
leaderships lack the people’s mandate as they were neither elected nor accountable to
the people. This creates a difficulty in opening a proper legal channel for discussions
and negotiations with the government at the centre from which Biafra intends to
secede. The separatist groups are unknown to the law; at best they amount to pressure
groups, and may not successfully pursue negotiations with the government without
being hounded by law enforcement agents and prosecutors as criminals.
The independence push by Catalans fit into the same category with that of the Scots
on the issue of mandate, as pro-independence parties held majority seats in the Catalan
Parliament. However, both agitations had different outcomes; the Scottish push was
deemed legal while that of the Catalans were declared illegal by the Spanish
constitutional court, thereby leaving open the question whether legitimacy alone or
authority from the people to pursue self-determination on their behalf, was enough to
arrive at the same legality test of the Scottish push. There is however, a tiny
distinguishing factor in both mandates; the independence-seeking parties in Scotland
won a super majority in Parliament while those in Catalonia won a simple majority. A
decisive electoral victory in the form of a super majority in Parliament or a two third
yes-vote in a referendum is a clear indication of the wishes of the electorates on an

297

Mrabure, K. O., “The Right to Self- determination under International Law: The Current Biafra
Struggle”, in NAUJILJ, 2015, p. 69
298
Duclos, N., supra, par. 11
299
MacWhirter, I., supra, p. 15

59

issue that has a huge political impact like secession. This re-echoes the thorny dispute
between the federal government of Canada and the Quebec Region on the modalities
for a future referendum vote on secession which gave birth to two parallel federal and
regional statutes that run counter to each other. 300 While the Clarity Act stipulates a
two-third majority vote in favour of secession for any part wishing to secede from the
Canadian federation, Bill 99 reiterates that any decision on secession of Quebec will
be made by the people of Quebec through their representatives in government and the
regional institutions, and that any future referendum vote on secession will succeed by
a simple majority vote. The outcome of a legal challenge to Bill 99 is awaited,
although a court of first instance had already ruled that the Bill 99 in itself was not
ultra vires the powers of the Quebec regional Parliament.301 In the Catalan case, the
degree of legitimacy obtained by the independence-seeking parties in Catalonia as
represented by the constitution of the Catalan Parliament at the time of the
independence push, was a significant derailing factor in the self-determination project.
The majority in Catalan Parliament was accused of sidestepping procedural safeguards
by the minorities, in their bid to enact Law No. 19/2017 to enable the region conduct
the self-determination referendum.302 On the application of the minority members of
the Catalan Parliament, the said law was provisionally suspended. Had the
independence-seeking parties won a super majority in the Catalan Parliament, the
minority members may have been unable to successfully question their legitimacy or
the legitimacy of Law No. 19/2017 that will have legally enabled the holding of a
referendum and potentially cured other maladies that afflicted the entire process.
Should the Nigerian separatists metamorphose into elected politicians, it remains to be
seen whether in actual fact, separatist leaders-turned political leaders will be spared
criminal prosecutions by State actors for actively pursuing the disintegration of
Nigeria. The events leading up to Catalonia’s 2014 referendum which was declared
illegal by the Spanish constitutional court is instructive in this wise when contrasted
with the Scottish referendum push that bore remarkably close resemblance. Prior to
the run-up of the 2014 independence referendum in Catalonia, the Spanish
government in Madrid strongly opposed the competence of the Catalan Parliament to
legislate or hold such referendum. There was a contention whether Catalonia is a
300

The Clarity Act of 2000 (Federal Statute) and Bill 99 of 2000 (Quebec Statute)
Henderson v. Procureure générale du Québec, supra
302
Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), supra
301

60

nation, just like the Scots,

303

capable of exercising the right to self-determination. A

“nation”, which is synonymous with “a people” as was used in the self-determination
provisions304, means a group of people having a common origin, language, and
tradition, and usually constituting a political unit.305 The nationhood of Scotland was
never in doubt as they constituted a people with a common origin, language, and a
distinct culture.306 In the case of Catalonia, the Catalan Government asserted that
Catalonia is a nation in the Government’s independence white paper. 307 The Catalan
Parliament had in 2012 adopted a Resolution asserting the Catalan “people’s right to
decide” their political future.308 The Catalan Government’s white paper acknowledged
that the Spanish Constitution does not recognise the different constituents as “nations”
but rather “national communities”, and reserved the exclusive use of the term “nation”
for the Spanish State.309 That notwithstanding, the Catalans saw this as a contentious
issue between it and the Spanish Government, and maintained that Catalonia has
always felt like a nation.310 The preamble to the Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia
which was ratified through a referendum in 2006 asserts that “In reflection of the
feelings and the wishes of the citizens of Catalonia, the Parliament of Catalonia has
defined Catalonia as a nation by an ample majority”.311 The Spanish Constitutional
Court, in 2010, ruled unconstitutional assertions that Catalonia is a nation.312 The
303

The nominal argument in Spain revolved around “nationhood” which has almost the same meaning
or effect as “a people” and both are used interchangeably in the body of this research. See Catalan
Government, The National Transition of Catalonia (English version of the White Paper
entitled Transició Nacional de Catalunya), September 2014.
304
Under the UN Charter and the two International Covenants
305
th
Garner, B. A. (Ed), Black’s Law Dictionary (Thomson Reuters, 2014, 10 Ed),
306
Margaret Thatcher, the former Prime Minister of UK, in her memo stated that “[a]s a nation, they
[the Scots] have an undoubted right to national self-determination; thus far they have exercised that
right by joining and remaining in the Union. Should they determine on independence no English party
or politician would stand in their way”…see Thatcher, M., The Downing Street Years (London:
HarperCollins, 1993), p. 624; Duclos, N., supra, par. 6; Great Britain House of Commons,” Scotland in
the Union. A Partnership for Good”, (the Foreword by the Prime Minister), Cm. 2225, London: The
Stationery Office, March 1993, p. 5 wherein John Major, who succeeded Margaret Thatcher asserted
that “no nation could be held irrevocably in a union against its will”.
307
Catalan Government, “The National Transition of Catalonia” (English version of the White Paper
entitled Transició Nacional de Catalunya), September 2014.
308
Resolution 742/IX of the Parliament of Catalonia on “the general political orientation of the
Government of Catalonia”, adopted on 27 September 2012. Also, Resolution 5/X of the Parliament of
Catalonia “adopting the Declaration of sovereignty and right to decide of the people of Catalonia ”,
voted on 23 January 2013
309
Resolution 742/IX of the Parliament of Catalonia, supra; Article 2 CE of the 1978 Spanish
Constitution
310
Resolution 742/IX of the Parliament of Catalonia, supra
311
Preamble to the Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia
312
Pleno. Sentencia 31/2010, de 28 de junio de 2010 (BOE núm. 172, de 16 de julio de 2010). The
English version can be read from

61

unconstitutionality of Acts, Resolutions, or Laws affirming Catalonia’s credentials as
a nation paved the way for the voiding of subsequent acts or activities that sought to
affirm Catalonia’s right to self-determine as a nation. Since the court held that
Catalonia is not a nation, it undercuts the 2014 referendum arguments proffered by the
pro-independence parties, and justified the criminalisation of subsequent actions
carried out in pursuance of the referendum and independence push by the said parties.
When political solution to the impasse failed, the Catalan Parliament enacted a law
allowing a non-binding consultation to take place.313 The Spanish Government
appealed to the Constitutional Court and the law, as well as the decree allowing
referendum, was struck down by the court through an injunction.314 When the Catalan
Government proceeded with the referendum despite the Constitutional Court’s order
suspending and prohibiting same, the Spanish Government instituted criminal actions
against the Catalan President in his personal capacity for “disobedience and
dishonesty”.315
The Catalan’s right to self-determination bid was fraught with challenges ranging
from the lack of absolute majority in the Parliament to indicate a clear mandate to
pursue self-determination, to the non-recognition of Catalonia as a nation under the
Spanish Constitution. The non-recognition of the nationhood of Catalonia under the
Spanish Constitution as a factor that worked against the independence push is
debatable. This is because, it is for the people to identify themselves as a nation, as
identity is an innate characteristic within a people, which external people could
recognise but not to deny its existence. 316 The people of Catalonia have the right to
identify themselves as a nation or a people who could exercise the group right to selfdetermination. Although the relevance of Gume’s case is limited to Africa, the ECtHR
may not arrive at a different conclusion were it to have the opportunity to determine
the nationhood of the Catalans or any other national communities in Spain.

http://www.tribunalconstitucional.es/es/jurisprudencia/paginas/Sentencia.aspx?cod=16273,
accessed on 28.01.2020
313
The non- binding consultation in itself was a form of referendum. See Duclos, N., supra, par. 19
314
Duclos, N., supra, par. 19
315
Duclos, N., supra, par. 19; Brinded, L., “Catalonia Independence: Spain Sues Catalan President for
‘Disobedience
and
Dishonesty’”, (International
Business
Times,
12
November
2014), http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/catalonia-independence-spain-sues-catalan-president-disobediencedishonesty-1474459, accessed on 28.01.2020
316
Gunme’s Case, par. 179

62

In the case of Biafra, there is no pro-independence political party in the Nigeria’s
political system. This makes it difficult obtaining the necessary mandate to pursue
secessionist policies. On whether the people of old Eastern Region of Nigeria, or the
Igbos clamouring for secession constitute a “nation” or “a people” within Nigeria,
several scholars, journalists, politicians, and opinion leaders have regarded Nigeria as
a country of many nations.317 The Hausa/ Fulani, Yoruba, and the Igbo people
constitute the 3 biggest tribes318 in Nigeria. It was reported that Professor Sagay,319
opined that “prior to the British conquest of the different nations making up the
present day Nigeria, these nations were independent nation states- and communities
independent of each other and of Britain.”320 It is not in doubt that the Igbo people of
South Eastern Nigeria321 posses all the attributes of a nation ranging from defined
population, territory, distinct language, and culture, just like every other tribes or
people that make up Nigeria. However, the Nigerian Constitution, just like the
Spanish Constitution as seen above, recognises only one nation; the Nigerian
Nation.322 The preamble to the Constitution provides that “[…] Having firmly and
solemnly resolve(sic) to live in unity and harmony as one indivisible and indissoluble
sovereign nation under God….”323 This implies that the only recognised nation in
Nigeria is the Nigeria Nation.324 The Nigerian nation is a federation of micro-states
and not a multi-national State.325 The Igbo people of Nigeria regard themselves as a
nation, and they possess most of the attributes of a people as enunciated in Ngume’s
case. The fact that the Nigerian Constitution does not regard any of the tribes as
nations does not in itself deprive them that identity, for according to the African

317

For instance, see Akinsuyi, T., “Nigeria is a Country of many Nations- Akintoye”, in (Nigeria’s
Independent Newspaper of October 17, 2017); Falola, T., and Njoku, R. C. (eds), Igbos in the Atlantic
World: African Origins and Diasporic Destinations, (Indiana University Press, 2016), p. 19
318
In Nigeria’s political discuss, “tribe” and “nation” are most times used interchangeably to mean the
same thing.
319
A professor of Constitutional law and a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN)
320
Bagu, K. J., Peacebuilding, Constitutionalism and the Global South: The Case for Cognitive Justice
Plurinationalism (New York: Rutledge, 2020); Bastida, E., Waelde, T. W., and Warden-Fernandez, J.,
(eds), International and Comparative Mineral Law and Policy: Trends and Prospects (Kluwer Law
International, 2005), p. 285
321
And some parts of the South- South Geopolitical zone of Nigeria
322
CFRN 1999, as amended
323
Preamble to the CFRN 1999, as amended
324
Preamble to the CFRN 1999, as amended
325
Nigeria is divided into smaller States with each State being administered by a Governor in
conjunction with the State’s House of Assembly. See Secs. 2 & 3 CFRN 1999, as amended

63

Commission in Ngume’s Case, it is for the people to identify themselves as such, and
not for external people to deny such identity.326
The only referendum to have been conducted in Nigeria was the 1961 Southern
Cameroon’s referendum which led to the region’s annexation by the Republic of
Cameroon.327 The agitation and campaigns for the said 1961 referendum was
spearheaded by elected representatives of the Southern Cameroon at the then old
Eastern Nigeria’s House of Assembly situated at Enugu, Nigeria. Following a crises
that rocked the defunct National Council for Nigeria and the Cameroons 328 in 1953
and the subsequent removal of the only Southern Cameroonian in the Executive
Council of the Eastern Region, southern Cameroonian representatives elected on the
platform of the NCNC felt marginalised and saw reunification with their counterparts
in the French Cameroons as a viable alternative to pursue. 329 The Southern
Cameroonian representatives called a conference of notable leaders in Southern
Cameroon, and subsequently formed an indigenous political party in the Southern
Cameroons called The Kamerun National Congress.330 The formation of the KNC
effectively ended the alliance under the NCNC, as the new KNC won 12 out of 13
seats in the 1953 General Assembly election.331 The affirmation of the Southern
Cameroon’s resolve to self-determine as shown in the results of the 1953
parliamentary elections that the then newly established indigenous KNC party won led
the British Government to grant quasi-autonomous regional status to the Southern
Cameroons, thereby making it distinct and separate from the old Eastern Nigeria
Region.332 Further triumph of indigenous parties with secessionist and reunification
ideologies during the 1959 general election in Nigeria led to an eventual agreement on
a proposed referendum for the Southern Cameroons. The referendum was made
possible due to electoral victories of indigenous political parties with secessionist and
reunification ideologies at the polls which clearly showed they had the mandate of
their people to pursue the stated ideologies.333

326

Gunme’s Case, par. 179
Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 93
328
Hereinafter referred to as “the NCNC”; a party that dominated the then Eastern Nigeria House of
Assembly
329
Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 99
330
Hereinafter referred to as “the KNC”. Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 100
331
Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 101
332
Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 101
333
Awasom, N.F., supra, pp. 106
327

64

6.2 The Option of Remedial Secession
The Federal Military Government of Nigeria led by Lt. Col. Gowon invaded the then
Republic of Biafra on the 6th of July 1967 following the latter’s declaration of
independence and secession from the Nigerian State on the 30th day of May, 1967.334
The invasion marked the beginning of the Nigeria-Biafra war with the Biafran side
fighting to preserve their newly declared independence from the Nigerian State. The
Biafrans contended that the Nigerian Military Government, in connivance with the
mainly Muslim northern part of Nigeria carried out genocide against the Igbo race
following the pogroms that took place in the northern part of the country in 1966. The
pogrom left several thousands of Igbo military officers and civilians dead.335 The
Biafrans also contended that in prosecuting the war against the Biafran State, the
Nigerian Military Government shelled and inflicted heavy casualties on civilian
targets, engaged in summary executions of unarmed civilians, and employed
starvation as a weapon of war by blockading all access routes into Biafra. 336
There is a general belief that a people can assert a claim to remedial secession if there
were to be a manifest and continued abuse of a State’s sovereignty against a minority
population.337 Such a scenario, according to the Committee of Jurists, would be proper
to bring an international dispute arising from the domestic scenario within the
competence of the then League of Nations.338 Precedent for remedial secession
beyond the colonial context already exists in Africa in the case of South Sudan. The
people of South Sudan, then an integral part of the Republic of Sudan, were allowed
to hold a referendum to determine their political future given the established abuse of
Sudan’s sovereignty over the minority South Sudanese people, which resulted in a
long drawn out armed conflict between the Sudanese State and rebels in South
Sudan.339 The people of South Sudan overwhelmingly voted for independence, which
334

Orobator, S. E., “The Nigerian Civil War and the Invasion of Czechoslovakia”, in African Affairs, vol.
82, no. 327, 1983, pp. 201–214.
335
Anthony, D., “‘Ours is a war of survival’: Biafra, Nigeria and arguments about genocide, 1966-70”,
in Journal of Genocide Research vol. 16, Nos. 2-3, 2014.
336
Anthony, D., ibid
337
“Report of the International Committee of Jurists Entrusted by the Council of the League of Nations
with the Task of Giving an Advisory Opinion upon the Legal Aspects of the Aaland Island Question,”
League of Nations Official Journal, supp. 3 (1920), p. 5
338
Report of the International Committee of Jurists, p. 5
339
Johnson, D. H., “New Sudan or South Sudan? The Multiple meaning of self- determination in
Sudan’s comprehensive peace agreement”, in Civil Wars vol. 15 no. 2, 2013, pp. 141-156

65

they attained in 2011.340 In the Biafran context, the Igbo people of Nigeria have
continually asserted that they are being marginalised since their defeat and reannexation after the Nigeria-Biafra war in 1970. Following the surrender of the
Biafrans, and to mark the end of the civil war, Col. Gowon,341 declared that there was
“no victor, no vanquished” in the war.342 He also declared the Federal Military
Government’s 3Rs policies of “Reconciliation, Reconstruction, and Restitution”.343
However, the policies Gowon’s government pursued afterwards were in stark
difference to his avowed reconciliation, reconstruction, and restitution policies. The
first indication of the government’s ill will towards the Igbo people was the
declaration by the then Nigeria’s Finance Minister, Obafemi Awolowo, that all Igbos,
irrespective of their pre-war financial assets deposited in the banks, were entitled to
only an equivalent of £20 at the time the war ended to rebuild their lives. The rest of
the monies belonging to every Igbo man that were trapped in the banks, after the £20
withdrawals were confiscated by the Nigerian State. Again, the Federal Military
Government confiscated and disposed off properties owned by the Igbos in different
parts of the country outside the Igbo enclave, which the Igbos abandoned to return to
Igboland for their own safety during the war. To legitimise the brazen theft of private
properties of the Igbos after the war, the Federal Military Government in 1979
retroactively enacted The Abandoned Properties Act of 1979 to provide cover for the
thefts. The Igbos were effectively disenfranchised of the things they owned prior to
the war. These few instances clearly show that there was a victor and the vanquished
in the war, and the victorious Nigeria never hid this fact from the vanquished Igbos.
The marginalisation suffered by the Igbo people of Nigeria is a clear case of manifest
and continued abuse of a State’s sovereignty against a minority population. The
abuses are manifest and they have not been remedied more than 50 years after the war
ended. The Igbos are entitled and could legitimately pursue remedial secession should
they so desire, even though it is difficult imagining a clear path to success for such
without the drumbeats of war or the acquiescence of the Nigerian State.
340

Johnson, D. H., supra, p. 145
The then Nigeria Military Head of State
342
The Federal Ministry of Information Press Release No. 46, January 15, 1970b, titled “Broadcast to
the Nation by the Head of the Federal Military Government and Commander-in-Chief of the Armed
Forces, Major-General Yakubu Gowon, Thursday, January 15, 1970” (hereinafter referred to as the
FMI Press Release No 46 of 1970b); Oluleye, J. J., Military Leadership in Nigeria (Ibadan: Ibadan
University Press, 1985), p. 156; Uwalaka, J., The Struggle for an Inclusive Nigeria: Igbos: To Be or Not
to Be? A Treatise on Igbo Political Personality and Survival in Nigeria (Enugu: Snaap Press, 2003), p. 5.
343
The FMI Press Release No 46 of 1970b; Oluleye, J. J., 1985, p. 156; Uwalaka, J., 2003, p. 5
341

66

In the case of Anglophone Cameroon, the international community pays little attention
to internal cries of marginalisation of a section of a country which usually snowballs
into armed conflicts and outright calls for secession. For instance, the English
speaking part of Cameroon has been alleging marginalisation since 1972 when the
Cameroonian President abolished Cameroon’s Federal Constitution and in its place
adopted a unitary Constitution.344 The Anglophone Cameroonians have organised
rallies, protests, and civil disobedience aimed towards getting the international
community to intervene and stop the Cameroonian President and his government from
erasing their Anglophone history and heritage, but to no avail. The situation escalated
when in October 2016 French-speaking Magistrates and teachers were sent to go work
and teach in English speaking regions which sparked off massive civil unrests that
grounded both civil and economic activities in the affected regions. An attempt by the
Cameroonian Government to use military force to quash the protests and civil
disobedience snowballed into a full-fledged armed conflict between separatists in
Anglophone Cameroon and the Government of Cameroon. Previous demands of
return to Federal Constitution were quickly replaced by outright demands for
secession and the independence of Anglophone Cameroon to be called the Republic of
Ambazonia. Foisting French Magistrates on courts in English-speaking areas and
administration officials who spoke only French on an English-speaking bureaucracy
are overt attempts at eradicating a people’s history, culture, and way of life. The
Cameroonian Government tried to eviscerate the Englishness of a section of the
country and sought to assimilate them into the French way of life, and hence the
current impasse with the attendant toll on human rights. However, following fears of
Western sanctions due to an increase in negative publicity the armed conflict had
generated, the Cameroonian President in December, 2019 announced the granting of
Special Regional Status to Anglophone Cameroon Regions. It is left to be seen
whether the newly created special status will be able to diffuse the tension and return
normalcy to the troubled regions, although the leadership of the separatist fighters
rejected such special status and maintained their demands for an outright secession.
Should the newly created special status for Anglophone regions in Cameroon spur a
return to normalcy in the troubled regions, it will represent an internal selfdetermination achieved on the strength of mass civil disobedience, armed conflict, and
344

Fombad, C. M., “The New Cameroonian Constitutional Council in a Comparative Perspective:
Progress or Retrogression?”, in Journal of African Law, vol. 42 No. 2, 1998, p. 173

67

a people’s refusal to abandon their right to self-determination in the face of sheer
forceful instrumentality of the State. It remains to be seen, however, whether the
Anglophone Regions would be placated by the offer and a full return to normalcy
restored. Part of the newly crafted special status for the Anglophone Cameroon is
recognition of the distinct way of life of the people, different from the rest of the
Cameroon, and a tacit admission of the marginalisation of Anglophone Cameroon by
the Cameroonian Government. This begs the question whether the Anglophone
Cameroonians are justified in seeking for remedial secession on the strength of
perennial marginalisation since the abolishment of the Federal Constitution in 1972.
According to the Committee of Jurists in the Aaland Island question, if there were to
be a manifest and continued abuse of a State’s sovereignty against a minority
population, such scenario will be proper to bring an international dispute arising from
the domestic scenario within the competence of the League of Nations. 345 It is evident
that the Republic of Cameroon has continually abused its sovereignty against the
minority Anglophone Cameroon and sought to eviscerate their English heritage by
seeking to assimilate them into the French culture. The Anglophone Cameroonians
have been protesting since 1972 for an end to the State’s abuse of its sovereignty over
them by returning to a federal Constitution which will allay their fears of
marginalisation in the hands of the majority. In light of the manifest and continuous
abuse of State sovereignty over a minority population by the Republic of Cameroon,
the minority Anglophone Cameroon is justified in seeking for secession, albeit
remedial.

6.3 Conclusion
Through a lengthy research process, it is established that secession is not prohibited
under international law, although there is no enforceable right to secession. There is a
right to self-determination, which may lead to secession under international law for
oppressed people and people who are still subject to colonialism or alien subjugation.
This does not however, mean that secession for all other cases generally, is outlawed
under international law as international law is silent on the issue, and a people,
whether colonised or not, can successfully secede unilaterally from a parent State
345

The League of Nations had been replaced by the United Nations; Report of the International
Committee of Jurists, p. 5

68

without breaching international law.346 In Africa, the African Charter granted the right
to self-determination to all peoples, including oppressed people and people who are
still subject to colonial rule,347 although the African Commission adopted a restrictive
interpretation of the right to self-determination of peoples as enunciated in the African
Charter to include only internal self-determination for non-colonised people,348 whilst
preserving the rights of all colonised or oppressed people to secede through the
exercise of the right to self-determination.349 There is a right to remedial secession for
oppressed people, as set out in the Report of the International Committee of Jurists.350
In the case of the Igbo people of Nigeria for instance, the Igbos suffered grave
violations of human rights in the hands of the Nigerian State to warrant remedial
secession in their favour. Secession, however, is more of a political than legal
recourse, and any attempt by the Igbos to unilaterally secede without much
international support may be an exercise in futility. Finally, membership of the United
Nations, as seen from the research, is a conclusive proof of the evidence of
independence and or secession of a country. However, lack of membership, does not
ipso facto, lead to the conclusion that a country lacks independence, or that secession
was unsuccessful. This is exemplified by the Kosovo scenario which successfully
seceded from Serbia and is recognised by majority of members of the UN, although it
lacks official recognition and membership of the UN.

346

I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on Kosovo,
Article 20 African Charter on Human and People’s Rights
348
Gunme’s Case, par. 191
349
The Katanga Case
350
“Report of the International Committee of Jurists Entrusted by the Council of the League of
Nations with the Task of Giving an Advisory Opinion upon the Legal Aspects of the Aaland Island
Question,” League of Nations Official Journal, supp. 3 (1920), p. 5
347

69

BIBLIOGRAPHY
Books
Achebe, C., There was a Country: A professional History of Biafra (Great Britain:
Allen Lane, 2012)
Bagu, K. J., Peacebuilding, Constitutionalism and the Global South: The Case for
Cognitive Justice Plurinationalism (New York: Rutledge, 2020);
Bastida, E., Waelde, T. W., and Warden-Fernandez, J., (eds), International and
Comparative Mineral Law and Policy: Trends and Prospects (Kluwer Law
International, 2005),
Biglino, I., and Golay, C., Academy In-Brief No.2: The Optional Protocol to the
International Covenant on Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights (Geneva Academy
of International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights, 2013),
Bochel J., Denver, D., & Macartney, A., (eds.), The Referendum Experience. Scotland
1979, (Aberdeen: Aberdeen University Press, 1981)
Brownlie I., “The Rights of Peoples in Modern International Law”, in Crawford J.
(ed.), The Rights of Peoples (Clarendon Press, 1988),
Cassese A., International Law, 2nd Ed (Oxford University Press, 2004)
Cassese A., UN Law, Fundamental Rights (Sijthoff & Noordhoff, 1979),
Coulon J., Soldiers of Diplomacy: The United Nations, Peacekeeping, and the New
World Order (Toronto: University of Toronto Press, 1998)
Crawford, J., “State Practice and International Law in Relation to Secession,” in
British Yearbook of International Law 1998 (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1999)
Falola, T., and Njoku, R. C. (eds), Igbos in the Atlantic World: African Origins and
Diasporic Destinations, (Indiana University Press, 2016),
Garner, B. A. (Ed), Black’s Law Dictionary (Thomson Reuters, 2014, 10th Ed),
i

Giddens A., The Nation State and Violence: Volume Two of a Contemporary Critique
of Historical Materialism, (Cambridge: Polity, 1985)
Higgins R., The Development of International Law through the Political Organs of the
United Nations (Oxford University Press 1963),
Jensen E., Western Sahara: Anatomy of a Stalemate (Lynne Rienner Publishers,
2005),
Kaczorowska-Ireland, A., Public International Law, 5th Ed (London: Routledge, 2015)
Loppez- Basaguren, A., & San- Epifanio, L. E., (ed), Claims for Secession and
Federalism: A Comparative Study with a Special Focus on Spain (1st Ed., Springer,
2019)
Mayben, M., Manifest Secession: A Proposal for Peace and Liberty (1776 Patriot’s
Press, 2010)
MacWhirter, I., Disunited Kingdom: How Westminster Won a Referendum but Lost
Scotland (Cargo Publishing, 2014)
Okonkwo and Naish, Criminal Law in Nigeria (Ibadan: Spectrum Books Limited, 1980, 2nd
Ed)

Oluleye, J. J., Military Leadership in Nigeria (Ibadan: Ibadan University Press, 1985)
Onuoha, G., Challenging the State in Africa: MASSOB and the Crises of Selfdetermination in Nigeria (Zurich: LIT Verlag GmbH & Co., 2011)
Oren M. B., Six Days of War: June 1967 and the Making of Modern Middle East,
(Presidio Press, 2017)
Orentlicher D. F., “International Responses to Separatist Claims: are Democratic
Principles Relevant?”, in Macedo S. and Buchanan A., Secession and SelfDetermination (Eds), (New York: New York University Press, NOMOS XLV, 2003).
Poggo S., The First Sudanese Civil War: Africans, Arabs, and Israelis in the Southern
Sudan, 1955-1972 (Palgrave Macmillan, 2009),

ii

Rouvez, A., Coco, M., and Paddack, J.P., Disconsolate Empires: French, British, and
Belgium Military Involvement in Post- Colonial Sub- Saharan Africa (University
Press of America, 1994)
Thatcher, M., The Downing Street Years (London: HarperCollins, 1993),
Thúrer D., & Burri T., Self-Determination (Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public
International Law [MPEPIL], 2008)
Turp, D. & Calvet, M. S. I. (ed), The Emergence of a Democratic Right to Selfdetermination in Europe (Centre Maurits Coppieters, vol. 12, 2016),
UN, The United Nations and the Independence of Eritrea (The UN Blue Books Series,
Vol. XII)
Uwalaka, J., The Struggle for an Inclusive Nigeria: Igbos: To Be or Not to Be? A
Treatise on Igbo Political Personality and Survival in Nigeria (Enugu: Snaap Press,
2003),
Walker E. W., Dissolution: Sovereignty and the Breakup of the Soviet Union
(Rowman & Littlefield, 2003),
Wenar, L., Blake, M., James, A., Kutz, C., Mehdiyeva, N., and Stilz, A., Beyond Oil:
Philosophy, Policy, and the Future (New York: Rowman & Littlefield, 2018),
Wilson W., “Covenant (Wilson’s First Draft)”, in Miller D. H., The Drafting of the
Covenant, vol. 2 (New York: G. P. Putnam’s Sons, 1928)

Articles
Adam, E. C., “Self- determination and the Use of Referendums: the Case of
Scotland”, in International Journal of Politics, Culture, and Society vol. 27, 2013.
Anthony, D., “Ours is a war of survival: Biafra, Nigeria and Arguments about
Genocide, 1966-70”, in Journal of Genocide Research vol. 16, nos. 2-3, 2014.
Antunes, S. F., “The Scottish Referendum 2014: the Political Process before and after
the ‘NO’ Vote”, in E-journal of International Relations vol. 6 nos. 2, 2015.
3

Awasom, N.F., “The Reunification Question in Cameroon History: was the Bride an
Enthusiastic or a Reluctant one?” in Africa Today, vol. 47 no. 2, 2000.
Barnett, M.N., “The UN Security Council, Indifference and Genocide in Rwanda”, in
Cultural Anthropology vol. 12 no. 4.
Bird E. S., and Ottanelli F., “The Asaba Massacre And The Nigerian Civil War:
Reclaiming Hidden History” in Journal of Genocide Research (Special Double Issue:
The Nigeria-Biafra war, 1967–1970: Postcolonial Conflict And The Question Of
Genocide) Vol. 16 nos. 2-3, 2014.
Bolton G., & Visoka G., “Recognizing Kosovo’s Independence: Remedial secession
or earned sovereignty?”, in South East European Studies at Oxford, Occasional Paper
No. 11/10, 2010.
Cerone J., “Legal Implications of the UN General Assembly Vote to Accord Palestine
the Status of Observer State”, in American Society of International Law, vol. 16, Iss.
37, 2012.
Cohen R., “The Concept of Statehood in United Nations Practice”, in University of
Pennsylvania Law Review, Vol. 109, 1961.
Dinstein Y., “Collective Human Rights of Peoples and Minorities”, in International
and Comparative Law Quarterly, vol. 25, 1976.
Duclos, N., “The Strange Case of the Scottish Independence Referendum. Some
Elements of Comparison between the Scottish and Catalan Cases”, French Journal of
British Studies vol. XX no. 2, 2015.
Ebai, S.E., “The Right to Self-Determination and the Anglophone Cameroon
Situation”, in The International Journal of Human Rights, vol. 13, no. 5, 2009.
Ebeku, K. S. A., “Fulani Herdsmen Attacks in Nigeria: A Case of Genocide in the
Making”, in International Journal of Law, Humanities & Social Science vol. 3 no.6,
2019.
Ekpo, C. E., and Agorye, C. A., “The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) and the
Setting of “Jubril Al- Sudani” Agenda: A Qualitative Review of a Failed

4

Securitization Move”, in International Journal of Quantitative and Qualitative
Research Methods, vol. 7 no. 2, 2019.
Einsiedel, S. V., Malone, D. M., and Ugarte, B. S., “The UN Security Council in an
Age of Great Power Rivalry”, in United Nations University Paper Working Series No.
4, 2015.
Fombad, C. M., “The New Cameroonian Constitutional Council in a Comparative
Perspective: Progress or Retrogression?”, in Journal of African Law, vol. 42 no. 2,
1998.
Harris, J. W., “When and Why Does the Grundnorm Change?”, in The Cambridge
Law Journal vol. 29, No. 1, 1971.
Horowitz, D. L., “The Cracked Foundations of the Right to Secede”, in Journal of
Democracy vol. 14 no. 2, 2003.
Hossain, M., “Bangladesh War of Independence: A Moral Issue”, in Economic and
Political Weekly, vol. 44 no. 5, 2009.
Johnson, D. H., “New Sudan or South Sudan? The Multiple meaning of selfdetermination in Sudan’s comprehensive peace agreement”, in Civil Wars vol. 15 no.
2, 2013.
Kerwin, G. J., “The Role of United Nations General Assembly Resolutions in
Determining Principles of International Law in United States Courts”, in Duke Law
Journal vol. 1983 no. 876.
Kuzio, T., “Russia-Ukraine Crises: The Blame Game, Geopolitics, and National
Identity”, in Europe Asia Studies vol. 70 no. 3, 2018.
Ma Shu Yun, “Ethnonationalism, Ethnic Nationalism, and Mini‐nationalism: A
comparison of Connor, Smith and Snyder”, in Ethnic and Racial Studies, vol. 13 no. 4,
1990.
Marxsen C., “Territorial Integrity in International Law-Its concept and Implications
for Crimea”, in Heidelberg Journal of International Law, ZaöRV 75, 2015.

5

Mrabure, K. O., “The Right to Self- determination under International Law: The
Current Biafra Struggle”, in NAUJILJ, 2015.
Ogowewo, T. I., “Why the Judicial Annulment of the Constitution of 1999 is
Imperative for the Survival of Nigeria’s Democracy”, in Journal of African Law vol.
44 no. 2, 2000.
Orobator, S. E., “The Nigerian Civil War and the Invasion of Czechoslovakia”, in
African Affairs, vol. 82, no. 327, 1983.
Pederson, D., “Political violence, ethnic conflict and contemporary wars: broad
implications for health and social well-being”, in Social and Science Medicine vol. 55
no. 2, 2002.
Rich T. S., “Status for Sale: Taiwan and the Competition for Diplomatic
Recognition”, in Issues & Studies 45, No. 4, 2009.
Rose N., and Miller P., “Political Power beyond the State: Problematics of
Government”, in The British Journal of Sociology, vol. 43, No. 2, 1992.
Salomon, S., “Self-determination in the Case Law of the African Commission:
Lessons for Europe”, in VRÜ Verfassung und Recht in Übersee, (VRÜ, Jahrgang 50,
2017).
Senese, S., “External and Internal Self-Determination” in Human Rights & Peoples’
Rights: Views from North & South (Social Justice, vol. 16, no. 1 (35), 1989),
Toal G., “Russia’s Kosovo: A Critical Geopolitics of the August War over South
Ossetia” in Eurasian Geography and Economics, vol. 50 Issue 1, 2009.
Wolf, K., “Ethnic Nationalism: an Analysis and a Defence”, in Canadian Review of
Studies in Nationalism vol. 13 No. 1, 1986.

Treaties and Statutes,
African Charter on Human and People’s Rights
European Convention on Human Rights
6

First Optional Protocol to the ICCPR
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
Montevideo Convention on the Rights and Duties of States, 1933
The Charter of the United Nations
The Statute of the International Court of Justice

Declarations, Resolutions and Recommendations
A/RES/67/19 Resolution Adopted at the 44th Plenary of the United Nations’ General
Assembly on the Status of Palestine in the United Nations, adopted on 29th November
2012,
Catalan Government, The National Transition of Catalonia (English version of the
White Paper entitled Transició Nacional de Catalunya), September 2014.
General Assembly Resolution 1541 (XV): General Assembly Resolution defining the
three options for self-determination
General Assembly Resolution 1654 (XVI): General Assembly Resolution establishing
the Special Committee on Decolonisation
General Assembly Resolution G.A. Res. 63/3 of October 8, 2008
General Assembly Resolution GA/11493 of 27 March, 2014
Papers Relating to the Foreign Relations of the United States: The Paris Peace
Conference 1919, vol. 4 (Washington D.C.: Government Printing Press Office, 1943),
Resolution 742/IX of the Parliament of Catalonia on “the general political orientation
of the Government of Catalonia”, adopted on 27 September 2012.
Resolution 5/X of the Parliament of Catalonia “adopting the Declaration of
sovereignty and right to decide of the people of Catalonia”, voted on 23 January 2013
vii

Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998
Security Council Resolution SC/Res/541 reaffirming the invalidity of the purported
declaration of the independence of Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
Security Council Resolution SC/Res/550 condemning the recognition by the Republic
of Turkey of the purported secession of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and
the exchange of Ambassadors between them.
Security Council Resolution SC/Res/1244 (1999)
Security Council Resolution SC/Res/1251 (1999),
Scottish Government, The Scottish Independence Bill: a Consultation on an Interim
Constitution for Scotland, Edinburgh: Scottish Government, 2014, p. 28
Terrorism (Prevention) (Proscription Order) Notice 2017. This notice was gazetted in
vol. 104 Official Gazette of the Federal Republic of Nigeria
The Aaland Islands Question: Report Submitted to the Council of the League of
Nations by the Commission of Rapporteurs, League of Nations Doc. B7.21/68/106
(1921),
The Edinburgh Agreement, 2012
UNESCO, “International Meeting of Experts on Further Study of the Concept of the
Right of the Peoples” (22 February 1990) SHS-89/CONF 602/7,
Universal Declaration of the Rights of Peoples, Algiers, 1976
United Nations General Assembly Resolution 1514 (XV): Declaration on the granting
of independence to colonial countries and peoples (United Nations General Assembly
[UNGA]) UN Doc A/RES/1514(XV), GAOR 15th Session Supp 16, 66
UN Security Council’s Draft Resolution 2/2014/189
UN GA’s Resolution 68/262entitled “Territorial Integrity of Ukraine” and adopted on
27th March, 2014 by the 68th session of the United Nations General Assembly, which
was in response to the Russian Annexation of Crimea.

8

Domestic Law
An Act to give effect to the requirement for clarity as set out in the opinion of the
Supreme Court of Canada in the Quebec Secession Reference (S.C. 2000, c. 26), also
known as “the Clarity Act”
Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999, as Amended in 2010
Criminal Code cap C38 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004
Law No. 19/2017 (Catalan Region)
Nigeria’s Statutory Instrument No. 8 of 1999
Nigeria’s Terrorism (Prevention) Act, 2011
Penal Code of the Republic of Cameroon, Law No. 2016/007 of 12 July, 2016
Protocol No. 1 to the European Convention on Human Rights
Reindeer Husbandry Act, 1971 (Sweden)
Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia
The Criminal Code Act, Cap C38 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004
The (Nigerian) Abandoned Properties Act of 1979
The 1978 Spanish Constitution
UK’s Treason Act 1351

International Case Law
Centre for Minority Rights Development (Kenya) and Minority Rights Group, Comm.
276/2003 (ACHPR, 25 November 2009), Legal Resources Foundation v. Zambia,
(African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights),
East Timor (Portugal v. Australia), Judgment, I.C.J. Reports 1995,
9

Forcadell I Lluis and Others v. Spain (dec.), judgment of the European Court of
Human Rights delivered on 07.05.2019
I.C.J., Advisory Opinion on the Accordance with International Law of Unilateral
Declaration of Independence by the Provisional Institutions of Self-Government of
Kosovo, (July 22, 2010). 141, p. 29-48.
Katangese Peoples' Congress v. Zaire, African Commission on Human and Peoples'
Rights, Comm. No. 75/92 (1995)
Kevin Mwaganga Gunme et al v. Cameroon, Comm. 266/03 (ACHPR, 27 May 2009),
Kitok v. Sweden, Communication No. 197/1985; U.N. Doc. CCPR/C/33/D/197/1985
Legal Consequences for States of the Continued Presence of South Africa in Namibia
(South West Africa) notwithstanding Security Council Resolution 276 (1970),
Advisory Opinion, I.C.J. Reports 1971,
Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian
Territory, Advisory Opinion, I.C.J. Reports 2004 (I)
Moohan and Gillon v. the United Kingdom (dec.), 22962/15 and 23345/15, 13 June
2017
Pleno. Sentencia 31/2010, de 28 de junio de 2010 (BOE núm. 172, de 16 de julio de
2010)
Refah Partisi (The Welfare Party) & Ors v. Turkey (Grand Chamber Judgment, of
13.02.2003)

Domestic Case Law
Bola Kace v. The State (2006) 1 NWLR (pt. 962), 507
Henderson v. Procureure générale du Québec, 2018 QCCS 1586
MacFoy v. United Africa Company Limited (West Africa) [1961] 3 All ER 1169

10

R. v. Boro [1966] 1 All N.L.R. 266; [1967] N.M.L.R. 163
R v Hardie (1821) 1 St. Tr. 609
Reference re Secession of Quebec, (1998) 2 SCR 217

Other Documents
Akinsuyi, T., “Nigeria is a Country of many Nations- Akintoye”, Nigeria’s
Independent Newspaper of October 17, 2017;
Courtis, C., “Commentary on the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, in Inter-American Institute of Human
Rights/International Commission of Jurists, 2008,
Fountain, R., “Secret Papers Reveal Biafra Intrigue”, BBC News, 3rd January, 2000
General Comment No. 12: Article 1 (The right to self-determination of peoples),
HRI/GEN/1/Rev.9 (Vol. 1)
Global Terrorism Index 2015: Measuring and Understanding the Impact of Terrorism
(Report)
Glynn S., The Spirit of ’71: How the Bangladeshi War of Independence has Haunted
Tower Hamlets, (online papers archived by the Institute of Geography, School of
Geosciences, University of Edinburgh, 2006)
Great Britain House of Commons, “Scotland in the Union. A Partnership for Good”,
(the Foreword by the Prime Minister), Cm. 2225, London: The Stationery
Office, March 1993
Hainsworth P., “From Occupation and Civil War to Nation-Statehood: East Timor and
the Struggle for Self-Determination and Freedom from Indonesia”, in IBIS Discussion
Paper No. 5, Patterns of Conflict Resolution, University College Dublin.
Janna, C. “Biafra: Why I asked for guns from US- based Nigerians.” Nigerian Daily
Post Newspaper of June 27, 2017
11

NA., The Buea Declaration: All Anglophone Conference, 2nd and 3rd April, 1993
(Limbe: Nooremac Press, 1993)
Ogwuda, A., “Gowon Faults setting up of Oputa Panel”, Vanguard Newspaper,
December 9, 2002.
The Federal Ministry of Information Press Release No. 46, January 15, 1970b, titled
“Broadcast to the Nation by the Head of the Federal Military Government and
Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Major-General Yakubu Gowon, Thursday,
January 15, 1970”
Willis, R., McAuley, J., Ndeunyema, N., and Angove, J. Human Rights Abuses in the
Cameroon Anglophone Crises: A Submission of Evidence to UK Parliament. A report
submitted by an independent research team based at the Faculty of Law, University of
Oxford on 30 October, 2019.

Internet Materials
http://www.un.org/en/sections/member-states/about-permanent-observers/index.html,
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-49406649,
http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/catalonia-independence-spain-sues-catalan-presidentdisobedience-dishonesty-1474459
Coalition for the International Criminal Court, http://iccnow.org/?mod=urc0706
http://www.un.org/en/sections/member-states/growth-united-nations-membership1945-present/index.html
https://www.un.org/press/en/2018/sc13213.doc.htm
https://www.kosovothanksyou.com/
http://www.un.org/en/decolonization/nonselfgovterritories.shtml
https://news.un.org/en/story/2011/07/381552-un-welcomes-south-sudan-193rdmember-state,

xii

https://www.iwp.edu/news_publications/detail/the-seven-states-of-the-formeryugoslavia-an-evaluation,
https://www.hrw.org/news/2019/09/03/cameroon-separatist-leaders-appeal-conviction
https://www.newsweek.com/president-buhari-angered-biafra-leader-nnamdi-kanustreasonable-acts-410454
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-nigeria-security-biafra/tension-grips-nigerian-cityas-separatist-leader-goes-missing-idUSKCN1C81IT
http://www.tribunalconstitucional.es/es/jurisprudencia/paginas/Sentencia.aspx?cod=1
6273
https://eeas.europa.eu/headquarters/headquartershomepage_en/8322/EU%20restrictive%20measures%20in%20response%20to%
20the%20crisis%20in%20Ukraine

xiii

