MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Victoria Åkermarck

EXTRATERRITORIAL RESPONSIBILITY TO PROTECT CIVILIANS IN A SITUATION
OF ARMED CONFLICT – CONCEPTS, JURISDICTION AND APPLICABILITY

Master’s Thesis in Public International
Law
Master’s Programme in International
Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Elina Pirjatanniemi
Åbo Akademi University
2020

Victoria Åkermarck
ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master’s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master’s Degree Programme in International Law and Human
Rights
Author: Victoria Åkermarck
Title of the Thesis: Extraterritorial Responsibility to Protect Civilians in a Situation of Armed
Conflict - Concepts, Jurisdiction and Applicability
Supervisor: Elina Pirjatanniemi
Supervisor:
The international community’s inability to protect the rights of civilians during the horrendous
atrocities of the 20th century acknowledged the vulnerable position of civilians in the midst of an
armed conflict. In the conduct towards respect of the rights of civilians, the two international
norms of protection, namely Responsibility to Protect (R2P) and Protection of Civilians (POC)
have emerged. These two concepts demonstrate the view on respect of human rights through both
international human rights law and international humanitarian law. This research concerns the
extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians in a situation of armed conflict, where both R2P
and POC are essential norms and likewise, both norms have contributed to the increased
responsibility for human rights.
Since the 20th century, the view on sovereignty has changed, which has facilitated the shift from
sovereignty as control to sovereignty as responsibility. International intervention is stated to be
controversial, nevertheless both R2P and POC allow for international intervention in order to
protect civilians. The extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians is founded on the
humanitarian principle to protect the most vulnerable and on jurisdiction as responsibility, as
states bear an obligation to ensure protection of human rights within their jurisdiction. Contrary
to the principle of non-intervention, extraterritorial R2P and POC rely upon the universal
commitment to protect and on the view that sovereignty equals to responsibility
The legal foundation for extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians in a situation of armed
conflict, lies first and foremost in the hands of the national state and where the national state fails
to protect, the international community is to intervene and assist in providing protection for
civilians. Through international human rights treaties, states have a constant obligation to protect.
This obligation to protect includes extraterritorial protection, as states have an obligation to
respect and secure human rights at all times, which has been interpreted to comply also to
situations of extraterritoriality. Consequently, when a state is in a position of effective control
over an area, that state has human rights obligations towards the civilian population in that
specific area, be it nationals or non-nationals.
Key words: Extraterritorial Protection, Responsibility to Protect, Protection of Civilian, Civilian,
Extraterritorial Responsibility to Protect
Date: 17.5.2020
Number of pages: 76
Number of words: 33545
The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

i

Victoria Åkermarck

Table of Contents
1. Introduction

1

1.1. Background

1

1.2. Research Questions

7

1.3. Method and Materials

8

1.4. Composition and Chapters

9

2. International Norms of Protection

11

2.1. Responsibility to Protect
2.1.1. Background
2.1.2. Legal Framework of Responsibility to Protect

11
11
17

2.2. Three Pillars of Responsibility to Protect
2.2.1. Sovereignty as Responsibility
2.2.2. Responsibility to Protect as International Back-Up
2.2.3. Responsibility to Protect and Manner of Intervention

19
19
20
21

2.3. Protection of Civilians
2.3.1. Background
2.3.2. Legal Framework of Protection of Civilians

24
24
32

2.4. Legal Definition of Civilian and Civilian Objects according to International Humanitarian Law
2.4.1. Civilians
2.4.2. Civilian Objects

33
33
35

3. Legal Foundation for Extraterritorial Protection of Civilians

37

3.1. Territory and Extraterritorial
3.1.1. The Concept of Territory
3.1.2. The Concept of Extraterritorial

37
37
37

3.2. Jurisdiction Regulates Extraterritorial Protection of Civilians
3.2.1. Jurisdiction in General
3.2.2. Prescriptive, Enforcement and Judicial Jurisdiction
3.2.3. The Principle of Territoriality
3.2.4. The Principles of Subjective and Objective Territoriality
3.2.5. The Principle of Nationality
3.2.6. The Principle of Passive Personality and the Principle of Protection or Security
3.2.7. The Principle of Universality

39
39
41
43
47
49
50
51

3.3. Jurisdiction of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians
3.3.1. Similarities and Differences of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians
3.3.2. Criteria for Extraterritorial Jurisdiction
3.3.3. Respect of State Sovereignty and Exercise of Extraterritorial Jurisdiction

54
54
58
64

4. Extraterritorial Responsibility to Protect Civilians in a Situation of Armed Conflict

66

4.1. Extraterritorial Protection of Human Rights
4.1.1. Extraterritorial Application
4.1.2. State Responsibility
4.1.3. Effective Control

66
66
69
70

4.2. Extraterritorial Responsibility to Protect Civilians under Foreign State Jurisdiction

72

5. Conclusion

74

BIBLIOGRAPHY

vi

MONOGRAPHS, CHAPTERS IN MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES

vi

ii

Victoria Åkermarck
TREATIES, CONVENTIONS AND STATUTES

xi

DECLARATIONS, RESOLUTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

xiv

DOMESTIC LAW

xvi

INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW

xvii

NATIONAL CASE LAW

xix

DOCUMENTS PRODUCED BY THE UNITED NATIONS

xx

DOCUMENTS PRODUCED BY OTHER INTERNATIONAL ORGANISATIONS AND NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGANISATIONS

xxii

OTHER DOCUMENTS

xxiii

iii

Victoria Åkermarck

List of Abbreviations
ACHR

American Convention on Human Rights

ACHPR

African (Banjul) Charter on Human and People’s Rights

API

Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and
Relating to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts

APII

Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating
to the Protection of Victims of Non-International Armed Conflicts

CAT

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment
or Punishment

CIL

Customary International Law

CRC

Convention on the Rights of the Child

ECHR

European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms

ECtHR

European Court of Human Rights

GCI

Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in
Armed Forces in the Field

GCII

Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and
Shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea

GCIII

Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War

GCIV

Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War

Genocide Convention
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
HCII

Convention (II) with Respect to the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its
annex: Regulations concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land

HCIV

Convention (IV) respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its
annex: Regulations concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land

IAC

International Armed Conflict

ICC

International Criminal Court

ICCPR

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

ICC Statute Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court
ICESCR

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

ICISS

International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty

ICJ

International Court of Justice

ICRC

International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent

ICTR

International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda

ICTY

International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia

iv

Victoria Åkermarck
IDP

Internally Displaced Person

IHL

International Humanitarian Law

IHRL

International Human Rights Law

ILC

United Nations International Law Commission

NIAC

Non-International Armed Conflict

PCIJ

Permanent Court of International Justice

PIL

Public International Law

POC

Protection of Civilians

R2P

Responsibility to Protect

St Petersburg Declaration
Declaration Renouncing the Use, in Time of War, of Explosive Projectiles
Under 400 Grammes Weight
UDHR

Universal Declaration of Human Rights

UN

United Nations

UNGA

United Nations General Assembly

UNHRCm

United Nations Human Rights Committee

UNSC

United Nations Security Council

UNSG

United Nations Secretary-General

WSOD

World Summit Outcome Document

WWII

World War II (1939-1945)

v

Victoria Åkermarck

1. Introduction
1.1. Background
This chapter presents and discusses the research questions of this thesis. Firstly, it discusses the
background to the research, followed by a presentation of the research questions. Thirdly, this
chapter discusses the methods and materials used in this thesis, concluding with a presentation
of the composition of the thesis.

Atrocities of the 20th century contributed to acknowledge the vulnerable position of civilians in
the midst of an armed conflict, violations characterised by systematic targeting of civilians
causing suffering for civilian population, as seen in the Second World War (WWII), the
Rwandan Genocide, Srebrenica, Liberia, Somalia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Kosovo and Darfur to
name a few. 1 The list of examples could be made quite so extensive, as maltreatment of the
rights of civilians is an ongoing international problem of human rights. Genocide, war crimes,
ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity are only some of the atrocities marked by the
“profound failure of individual States to live up to their most basic and compelling
responsibilities”,2 namely, to care for their own and protect the individual within the state.

The United Nations (UN) was established after WWII in 1945, with the main purpose and aim
to maintain and protect world peace and security, even so, Article 2(4) of the UN Charter
specifically prohibits the use of force in order to initiate an armed conflict. 3 A wish to avoid
walking down the same path of violence and war again can also be found in the Preamble of
the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR): ”(…) disregard and contempt for human
rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind”.4 As
well as that, the atrocities of the 20th century made the international community aware of the
problematics in times of war and led to action aimed at ameliorating the situation of civilians. 5

1

International Humanitarian Law and the Challenges of Contemporary Armed Conflicts, ICRC, 31IC/11/5.1.2,
2011, p. 5.
2
Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc. A/63/677,
paragraph 5.
3
Article 2(4), Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
4
Preamble, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 1948.
5
Atrocities and effect on civilians, as seen in the Preamble, Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court,
1998: “Mindful that during this century millions of children, women and men have been victims of unimaginable
atrocities that deeply shock the conscience of humanity, Recognizing that such grave crimes threaten the peace,
security and well-being of the world” (emphasis added by the author).

1

Victoria Åkermarck
However, international law and the international community, although it could be said to have
the means to protect, failed to provide the most “basic human security for those subjected to
the most horrendous of atrocities”.6 Skogly argues that, “state responsibility is not commonly
invoked in situations where the actions of one state breach or threaten the human rights of
individuals in another state”.7 Protecting the rights of civilians during armed conflict is a core
principle under international humanitarian law (IHL), and hence, also under public international
law (PIL) which makes it a vital topic of PIL. According to Milanovic “[h]uman rights are, after
all, supposed to be universal” and consequently, it should be irrelevant whether a violation has
taken place inside the territory or outside the territory of a state. 8 This, however, is rarely the
case, as violations committed outside the territory of a state most often become matters of treaty
interpretation. 9 This thesis concentrates on the responsibility of a state to extraterritorially
protect its unarmed population in a situation of armed conflict.

The last century marked a new era for humanity in several ways, development and improved
conditions for life marked all fields of society. Remarkable progress was made in most fields
of life, by way of example, improved nutrition, food processing and food storage; medicines,
vaccinations, health care and hygiene; construction methods and transport; radio, television and
the internet; education and literacy rates; weapons and war machinery; respect of human rights
and peace.10 Here it is to be noted, there is still much to be done, but most fields of life have
developed and improved for the better during the last 20 years. 11 Keeping the aforementioned
in mind, what were the most shocking events of the last century? The persecution of Jews and
the Holocaust during the WWII, the inconsiderate exploitation of African colonies, the
Rwandan genocide and rape as a method of genocide, 12 the systematic mass killings of
Srebrenica, the killing fields of Cambodia and so forth. These and multiple other horrendous
mass atrocity crimes and armed conflicts across the globe that caused the death of millions of
innocent people during the last century. 13 The tragic events of the 20th century made the UN

6

Stockburger, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine: Customary International Law, an Emerging Legal Norm
or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights Law Review 2010, Vol. 5, p. 365.
7
Skogly, “Extraterritoriality: universal human rights without universal obligations?” in Joseph and McBeth (eds.),
2011, p. 86.
8
Milanovic, 2011, p. 2.
9
Ibid., p. 2.
10
Global Development Statistics, available at www.gapminder.org
11
Ibid.
12
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, “Rape: Weapon of War”, available at:
https://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/rapeweaponwar.aspx
13
Glover, 1996, p. 2.

2

Victoria Åkermarck
together with world leaders question “whether the United Nations and other international
institutions should be exclusively focused on the security of States without regard to the safety
of the people within them” and, 14 is it possible that sovereignty could “be misused as a shield
behind which mass violence could be inflicted on populations with impunity?”. 15 One of the
major difficulties in contemporary armed conflicts is the need to protect civilians and civilian
objects, like homes, schools and hospitals. 16

In the 21st century, the world is moving towards international peace. 17 Historically, it is the
most peaceful time in history thus far, although that is only part of the truth as the nature of
armed conflicts has changed and non-international armed conflict (NIAC) or intra-state
conflicts and civil wars are now the dominating form of conflict.18 The shift from international
armed conflict (IAC) or inter-state conflicts to intra-state conflicts has come at the cost of
civilians, as civilians undoubtedly are targeted in intra-state conflicts.19 Although the 21st
century can be said to be peaceful, armed conflicts do occur and cause horrible outcomes
regarding civilian population and civilian property. 20 Even so, the aftermaths of an armed
conflict are serious. It takes time to rebuild infrastructure, to move on and pass trauma,
eventually reaching a functioning and inclusive society. That is to say, to move from war and
chaos to peace and respect of human rights. Darfur, Libya and Myanmar are to be mentioned
as these are only some of the most recent conflicts where extraterritorial protection of civilians
(POC) has been neglected.21 Stockburger stated in his article that discusses responsibility to
protect (R2P) that “[h]umankind is well versed in the art of atrocity. The law, unfortunately, as
an institution created to govern the brutality of human action is also well versed in the art of
inaction”. 22 The remarked change in the nature of conflicts since the latter half of the 20 th
century from inter-state to intra-state has led to a distinct change in who bears the R2P, the

14

Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677, paragraph 5.
15
Ibid., paragraph 5.
16
Murphy, “Peacekeeping in Lebanon and Civilian Protection”, Journal of Conflict and Security Law 2012, Vol.
17, No. 3, pp. 373-402.
17
Global Development Statistics, available at www.gapminder.org
18
Orchard, "The Perils of Humanitarianism: Refugee and IDP Protection in Situations of Regime-Induced
Displacement", Refugee Survey Quarterly 2010, Vol. 29, No. 1, p. 38.
19
Ibid., pp. 38-41.
20
See e.g. the situation in Myanmar, Report of the detailed findings of the Independent International Fact-finding
mission on Myanmar, A/HRC/39/64, 12 September 2018.
21
Ibid.
22
Stockburger, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine: Customary International Law, an Emerging Legal Norm
or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights Law Review 2010, Vol. 5, p. 365.

3

Victoria Åkermarck
responsibility has to some degree shifted from the state to humanitarian organisations and the
like.23 Supposedly that is a logical outcome when a state targets its own people, then the same
government also lacks the interest or will, to protect its own people and so the responsibility is
placed on the international community instead. 24 At an international level this leads to the fact
that “many of these victims receive inadequate (or no) protection”, in this example ‘victims’
comprehends the civilian population. 25

POC can be maintained and developed through different methods and one can say that, though
an aspiration to protect civilian population has been common among state practice through
customary international law (CIL) and IHL, still this can tend to be forgotten when a state itself
is involved in an actual situation of armed conflict. 26 CIL is of utmost importance in
contemporary armed conflicts as it fills the gaps that are not filled by treaty law. Coherence is
lacking when discussing state practice and reality, the actions of a state then are what indicates
whether the state in question actually does respect the principle of civilian protection or not. 27
There is, however, a gap between formulated and established state aspirations for conduct of
actions during armed conflict and actual conduct of actions during armed conflict, this gap
being of a surprisingly great extent in contemporary armed conflicts, 28 especially regarding that
a majority of states are parties to the most relevant conventions and treaties regulating IHL.
POC in armed conflict is thus accepted as established state practice, a norm of CIL and it is
regulated by several international treaties. 29

23

Orchard, "The Perils of Humanitarianism: Refugee and IDP Protection in Situations of Regime-Induced
Displacement", Refugee Survey Quarterly 2010, Vol. 29, No. 1, pp. 38-41.
24
Ibid., p. 41.
25
Ibid., p. 41.
26
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 106.
27
Ibid., pp. 105–106.
28
Ibid., p. 106.
29
Valentino, Huth and Croco, “Covenants without the Sword: International Law and the Protection of Civilians
in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3, p. 339 and p. 341.

4

Victoria Åkermarck
For a practice to become CIL, an “extensive and virtually uniform” and “settled practice”, 30
that has acquired “evidence of a general practice accepted as law”,31 should be distinguished.
Furthermore, the practice should be supported by an international opinion that the practice is
legally binding, opinio juris, the belief that a norm is accepted as law. 32 Once practice meets
these requirements, it can be said to be considered as a rule of CIL that is binding all states. 33
However, the jurisprudence of the International Court of Justice (ICJ)
“shows that contrary practice that appears at first sight to undermine the uniformity of the practice
concerned does not prevent the formation of a rule of customary international law as long as this
contrary practice is condemned by other states or denied by the government itself.”34

All parties to an armed conflict are responsible for protecting civilians, by seeking to minimize
the harm caused to civilians and civilian objects. 35 Regardless of this, civilian protection is
neither fully implemented in practice nor is it self-evident in a situation of armed conflict.36 The
principle of POC during armed conflict then composes part of CIL, and has been seen as part
of CIL since the beginning of the 20th century.37 The obligation to spare the civilian population
from unnecessary suffering and damage to civilian objects was primarily stated in Article 23 of
the Convention respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its annex: Regulations
concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land (HCIV) 38 and in Article 25 of the
Convention with Respect to the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its annex:

30

North Sea Continental Shelf cases, ICJ Reports 1969, p. 3, pp. 43-44: “Although the passage of only a short
period of time is not necessarily, or of itself, a bar to the formation of a new rule of customary international law
on the basis of what was originally a purely conventional rule, an indispensable requirement would be that within
the period in question, short though it might be, State practice, including that of States whose interests are specially
affected, should have been both extensive and virtually uniform in the sense of the provision invoked;- and should
moreover have occurred in such a way as to show a general recognition that a rule of law or legal obligation is
involved.”
31
Article 38, Statute of the International Court of Justice, 1945.
32
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 181.
33
Stockburger, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine: Customary International Law, an Emerging Legal Norm
or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights Law Review 2010, Vol. 5, p. 389.
34
Henckaerts, “Assessing the Laws and Customs of War: The Publication of Customary International
Humanitarian Law”, Human Rights Brief 2006, Vol. 13, No. 2, p. 9. See also Military and Paramilitary Activities
in and against Nicaragua (Nicaragua v. United States of America), ICJ Reports 1986, p. 14, paragraph 186: ”The
Court does not consider that, for a rule to be established as customary, the corresponding practice must be in
absolutely rigorous conformity with the rule. In order to deduce the existence of customary rules, the Court deems
it sufficient that the conduct of States should, in general, be consistent with such rules”.
35
Articles 48 and 57, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of Non-International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
36
Valentino, Huth and Croco, “Covenants without the Sword: International Law and the Protection of Civilians
in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3, p. 341.
37
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 107.
38
Article 23, Convention respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its annex: Regulations
concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land, 1907.

5

Victoria Åkermarck
Regulations concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land (HCII)39 already in the early
beginning of the 20th century. Article 22 as well as Article 24 of the 1923 Rules concerning the
Control of Wireless Telegraphy in Time of War and Air Warfare also at an early stage stated
the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks and attacks directed against civilians are prohibited. 40

States do have both a right and a duty to protect; to protect its nationals, but also any other
person present within the borders of a state.41 States also have a responsibility to protect its own
nationals when a national is under the jurisdiction of a foreign state, and hence not situated
within the territory of national protection. Milanovic has stated that application of human rights
treaties extraterritorially “must have a real-world impact. Otherwise […] it would be worse
than useless” and it would result in violations going through a degeneration and making
extraterritorial state-led acts against individuals lawful by twisted means. 42 This principle of
extra-territorial protection of nationals becomes interesting in a situation of armed conflict,
when regarding protection of civilians. Accordingly, states bear the responsibility to protect
their nationals, especially vulnerable and disadvantaged groups of their population, also
extraterritorially. There are different ways for defining who is a vulnerable person or what
consists a vulnerable group, however, what is generally acknowledged in the discussion of
vulnerability is the recognition that there is a need to protect the rights of vulnerable people. 43
The Icelandic Human Rights Centre has listed 13 groups that can be seen as especially
vulnerable and disadvantaged and therefore needing special protection: 1) women and girls; 2)
children; 3) refugees; 4) internally displaced persons; 5) stateless persons; 6) national
minorities; 7) indigenous peoples; 8) migrant workers; 9) disabled persons; 10) elderly persons;
11) HIV positive persons and AIDS victims; 12) Roma/ Gypsies/ Sinti; and 13) lesbian, gay
and transgender people.44 There are obviously further definitions and categorisations as this list
is not all-embracing, but the Icelandic Human Rights Centre’s list can be used as a general
39

Article 25, Convention with Respect to the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its annex: Regulations
concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land, 1899.
40
Articles 22 and 24, Rules concerning the Control of Wireless Telegraphy in Time of War and Air Warfare,
1923.
41
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001.
42
Milanovic, 2011, p. 113.
43
Chapman and Carbonetti, “Human Rights Protection for Vulnerable and Disadvantaged Groups: The
Contributions of the UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, Human Rights Quarterly 2011,
Vol. 33, No. 3, p. 682.
44
Icelandic Human Rights Centre, “The Human Rights Protection of Vulnerable Groups”, 2009, available at
http://www.humanrights.is/en/human-rights-education-project/human-rights-concepts-ideas-and-fora/the-humanrights-protection-of-vulnerable-groups

6

Victoria Åkermarck
guiding principle for vulnerable groups. Consequently, just like any other civilian during an
armed conflict, these distinguished vulnerable and disadvantaged groups need protection. As
the UDHR pledges states to promote “universal respect for and observance of human rights and
fundamental freedoms”, 45 then, naturally, R2P and POC ought to be respected at all times and
without distinction to territory. 46

1.2. Research Questions
The research questions this thesis aims to answer are presented in this section. The field of
international law that covers extraterritorial protection is wide, and all aspects of extraterritorial
protection is therefore impossible to cover in this thesis. However, the following aspects of
extraterritorial protection will be covered by this research. Firstly, when an individual is situated
in the territory, admittedly within the jurisdiction of another state and an armed conflict occurs,
whose responsibility is it to protect this civilian? What is the legal foundation of R2P, and how
about POC, what does this international norm of protection entail? Secondly, what duties do
states have to protect their national(s) in a situation of armed conflict when the civilian is
situated under the jurisdiction of a foreign state? Then, on the one hand, what rights do states
possess to protect their national(s) in a situation of armed conflict when the civilian is situated
under the jurisdiction of a foreign state? Why do states have this right to protect their nationals
extraterritorially in a situation of armed conflict? How can states practice this right to protect
their nationals and are there situations when states can be forced to protect their nationals abroad
during wartime? And what jurisdictional foundation is there for states’ responsibility to
extraterritorially protect civilians in a situation of armed conflict? and what is the legal ground
for this extraterritorial responsibility? Finally, on the other hand, is there any situation when
states are legitimately prohibited from protecting their nationals abroad in a situation of armed
conflict?

Humanitarian agencies and non-governmental organisations are not included in the research of
this thesis, but the research is to concentrate on activity to protect civilians that is bound to the
state. More often than not, the activity to protect civilians by humanitarian agencies is limited,

45
46

Preamble, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 1948.
Milanovic, 2011, p. 56.

7

Victoria Åkermarck
as humanitarian agencies often lack political authority, military force and legal mandate to
protect civilians in an effective manner. 47

1.3. Method and Materials
This thesis is to follow the legal doctrinal method and to analyse the current existing law
provided through human rights treaties, relevant case law and the practice around the extant
legal instruments regarding extraterritorial protection of civilians, which can assist in the
advancement of the implementation of these basic rights of civilians. In order to conduct the
research of this thesis, PIL sources defined in Article 38(1) of the Statute of the ICJ have been
used, that is: international conventions, international custom, general principles of law and
doctrine.48 The subject of the thesis is presented through literature concerning extraterritorial
R2P and POC, the research questions are discussed through these principles of CIL, as well as
decisions from both international and domestic courts to demonstrate the interpretation of
norms. The legal discussion is reflected through a variety of documents from the UN, as well
as monographs and articles written by experts of PIL. Sources are discussed, examined and
applied with special focus on extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians. Conclusions are
made through a critical review of existing legal grounds, and previous research on
extraterritorial protection of civilians will be the background for this thesis.

This thesis presents the essential instruments from PIL for this research, that are: the four
Geneva Conventions from 12 August 1949 [Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition
of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field (GCI), Convention for the
Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and Shipwrecked Members of Armed
Forces at Sea (GCII), Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War (GCIII) and
Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War (GCIV)] together
with their 1977 Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and
relating to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts (API) and Protocol
Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and relating to the Protection of

47

Orchard, "The Perils of Humanitarianism: Refugee and IDP Protection in Situations of Regime-Induced
Displacement", Refugee Survey Quarterly 2010, Vol. 29, No. 1, p. 75.
48
Article 38(1), Statute of the International Court of Justice, 1945

8

Victoria Åkermarck
Victims of Non-International Armed Conflicts (APII).49 These conventions constituting the
very core of IHL and forming the basis for this thesis together with the Convention against
Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CAT), Convention
on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide (Genocide Convention), the
Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, the Convention on
the Rights of the Child (CRC) and the Charter of the United Nations. R2P is to a large extent
discussed through The Responsibility to Protect report by the International Commission of
Intervention and State Sovereignty (ICISS).50 This study will be significant as it will form an
overview of available literature, legislation and case law and provide an in-depth analysis in
the area of extraterritorial R2P and POC. However, it is evidently impossible to provide a
completely clear synopsis of the implementation of extraterritorial protection of civilians across
the international community, as to some extent it is impossible to gain information regarding
state practice and customary principles.

1.4. Composition and Chapters
By way of introduction, this thesis commences by presenting the background to the research
questions of the thesis and then moves on to present and analyse R2P and POC in Chapter 2.
Followed by Chapter 3 regarding the principles of extraterritorial protection of civilians, that
is, jurisdiction. Chapter 3 will first discuss the concept of territoriality and the concept of
extraterritoriality, then it will advance to discuss extraterritorial jurisdiction. Chapter 3.2.1. will
start with a discussion of jurisdiction in a general manner and it will then move on to more
specific aspects of jurisdiction in an extraterritorial setting, followed by a discussion on
jurisdiction of R2P and POC. Chapter 4 focuses on extraterritorial protection of civilians, by
looking at extraterritorial application of human rights treaties, state responsibility and effective
control. Finally, in Chapter 5, this thesis will end by a concluding discussion regarding
extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians within the findings of the research.

49

These major IHL treaties protect wounded and sick combatants (GCI); shipwrecked combatants (GCII);
prisoners of war (GCIII); civilians and those in occupied territories (GCIV); broadened protection of civilians and
limits the means and methods of war and (API); civilians and civilian objects in non-international armed conflicts
(APII).
50
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001.

9

Victoria Åkermarck
It is to be noted that there are variations in terminology, when speaking of extraterritoriality,
thus both extra-territoriality and extraterritoriality will be used in this thesis. Likewise, the terms
protection of civilian and protection of civilians are used in a synonymous manner.

10

Victoria Åkermarck

2. International Norms of Protection
2.1. Responsibility to Protect
2.1.1. Background
This chapter will discuss the two norms of international law, that is R2P and POC. The chapter
firstly discusses and presents R2P, its legal background and framework, this is followed by a
discussion concerning the three pillars of R2P. POC is presented through a similar manner,
firstly, demonstrating the background and legal framework of the norm, then proceeding to the
different forms of POC. The chapter is concluded by analysing the legal foundation of civilians
and civilian objects according to IHL, in order to demonstrate the law that protection of civilians
is based on and what it consists of. For the research of this thesis, namely, extraterritorial
responsibility to protect civilians in a situation of armed conflict, a discussion on R2P and POC
is vital, as it demonstrates the international norms that constitutes part of the basis of
extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians.

States have the primary obligation to care for their nationals and other persons present in their
jurisdiction through both positive and negative state obligations. The state is to ensure that
rights of individuals, as recognised by law, “are respected, protected, fulfilled and when
necessary, enforced” within the jurisdiction. 51 Positive state obligations denote a state’s
obligation to actively secure the enjoyment of fundamental human rights. Obligations to ensure
human rights of persons within the jurisdiction, that is, positive state obligations, can according
to Milanovic be translated into the practice of preventing “violations committed by third states,
private individuals or non-state groups”.52 This comprehends activity to facilitate the enjoyment
of a right. Activity to promote the enjoyment of human rights can be both judicial and
practical;53 it can be actions to provide regulatory framework and to take preventive operational

51

“Positive and negative obligations of the State”, The Doha Declaration: Promoting a Culture of Lawfulness,
2019, available at: https://www.unodc.org/e4j/en/tip-and-som/module-2/key-issues/positive-and-negativeobligations-of-the-state.html
52
Milanovic, 2011, p. 46.
53
“Positive and negative obligations of the State”, The Doha Declaration: Promoting a Culture of Lawfulness,
2019, available at: https://www.unodc.org/e4j/en/tip-and-som/module-2/key-issues/positive-and-negativeobligations-of-the-state.html

11

Victoria Åkermarck
measures. 54 In order for a state to fulfil its positive state obligations, “a state needs actual or
effective control over a territory or a population”. 55

Negative state obligations comprehends a duty to “refrain from action that would hinder human
rights”.56 Compared to positive state obligations, in order to violate negative state obligations,
“a state needs little by way of means”. 57 When a state fails to fulfil its state obligations, then
legal procedures might be lodged against that state and the international community might be
made the one to bear the responsibility of fulfilling the state obligations neglected by the
national state.

Throughout history, civilians have been significantly affected by armed conflicts; both
regarding damage to civilian objects and the number of civilian lives lost in armed conflicts. 58
On the one hand, since long there has been a humanitarian tendency and an aspiration to spare
civilian population from the atrocities of war,59 namely formally stated for the first time in the
1868 Declaration Renouncing the Use, in Time of War, of Explosive Projectiles Under 400
Grammes Weight (St Petersburg Declaration).60 In the St Petersburg Declaration, it is stated
”the only legitimate object which States should endeavour to accomplish during war is to
weaken the military forces of the enemy”, 61 hence the main objective of a party to any armed
conflict is not to cause the greatest possible damage to the counterparts, e.g. any kind of
severe or widespread damage that will most probably affect the civilian population in several
ways; but to concentrate on military objectives and the like of the enemy. On the other hand,
in CIL, there has long been a humanitarian point of view regarding civilians in armed
conflicts, military leaders expressing humanitarian wishes in order to spare civilian

54

Guide on Article 2 of the Convention – Right to Life, Council of Europe/European Court of Human Rights, 2019,
p. 8/49.
55
Milanovic, 2011, p. 18.
56
“Positive and negative obligations of the State”, The Doha Declaration: Promoting a Culture of Lawfulness,
2019, available at: https://www.unodc.org/e4j/en/tip-and-som/module-2/key-issues/positive-and-negativeobligations-of-the-state.html
57
Milanovic, 2011, p. 18.
58
Valentino, Huth and Croco, “Covenants without the Sword: International Law and the Protection of Civilians
in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3, p. 339.
59
Ibid., p. 339.
60
Declaration Renouncing the Use, in Time of War, of Explosive Projectiles Under 400 Grammes Weight,
1868.
61
Ibid.

12

Victoria Åkermarck
populations from unnecessary damage and sufferings, 62 this humanitarian wish is today
formally expressed by the doctrine of R2P. 63 Whereas R2P is mainly an obligation for states,
POC is binding also for actors that are non-state actors.64

The principle of R2P emerged only recently, in 2001, and the principle originates from
situations “of when, if ever, it is appropriate for states” to intervene and take action, especially
military action, in another state with the purpose of protecting vulnerable people at risk in that
other state.65 After the atrocities during the last decade of the 20th century, it became clear for
the international community that non-interference in the face of atrocity crimes was no longer
acceptable.66 Gross human rights violations, sovereign integrity and the principle of noninterference posed the international community before a global dilemma regarding intervention
for human protection purposes.67 What makes R2P tricky still, is the fact that international help
and intervention is nothing self-evident nor is it anything that can be guaranteed to populations
at risk, because who would bear the main responsibility to co-ordinate international intervention
and on what grounds would the need for intervention be based? The basis of the doctrine is to
protect populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity and
from their incitement.68

62

Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, pp. 3-8, Rule 1: “The parties to the conflict must at all times distinguish
between civilians and combatants. Attacks may only be directed against combatants. Attacks must not be directed
against civilians”.
63
See Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001 and Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677.
64
Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 5.
65
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, p. vii.
66
Report of the Secretary-General to the Security Council on the Protection of Civilians in Armed Conflict,
S/1999/957, 8 September 1999.
67
Durham and Wynn-Pope, “The relationship between international humanitarian law and responsibility to
protect: From Solferino to Srebrenica” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 178.
68
World Summit Outcome Document, 24 October 2005, UN doc. A/RES/60/1, paragraphs 138 and 139.
Paragraph 138:”Each individual State has the responsibility to protect its populations from genocide, war crimes,
ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. This responsibility entails the prevention of such crimes, including
their incitement, through appropriate and necessary means. We accept that responsibility and will act in accordance
with it. The international community should, as appropriate, encourage and help States to exercise this
responsibility and support the United Nations in establishing an early warning capability.” Paragraph 139:”The
international community, through the United Nations, also has the responsibility to use appropriate diplomatic,
humanitarian and other peaceful means, in accordance with Chapters VI and VIII of the Charter, to help to protect
populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. In this context, we are
prepared to take collective action, in a timely and decisive manner, through the Security Council, in accordance
with the Charter, including Chapter VII, on a case-by-case basis and in cooperation with relevant regional
organizations as appropriate, should peaceful means be inadequate and national authorities are manifestly failing
to protect their populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. We stress

13

Victoria Åkermarck

International intervention can be controversial in many aspects, even the existence of
international intervention or the lack of intervention can at times cause controversy in the
international community. 69 R2P or the duty to protect is a tool for assuring that states “actually
do exercise jurisdiction when it would be in the interest of the international community”. 70
Notably, the doctrine implies above all a “responsibility to react” to situations in serious need
of humanitarian help and human protection, 71 especially when a state itself is unwilling or
unable to restore the situation at hand. 72 In addition to the responsibility to react, the doctrine
implies a “responsibility to prevent”,73 and a “responsibility to rebuild”. 74 It can be justified to
say states at times do have a certain responsibility and not only a responsibility, but a duty to
exercise jurisdiction, either as a responsibility or duty to protect other states or even
fundamental values of the whole international community. 75 The doctrine of R2P consequently
affirms the suggestion “that the international community has a duty to intervene, to protect”.76
To some extent, extraterritorial human rights obligations, like R2P, are seen as international
obligations. 77 The former United Nations Secretary-General (UNSG) Kofi Annan in his report
‘We the Peoples’ – the Role of the United Nations in the 21st Century posed the following
question to the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA):
if humanitarian intervention is, indeed, an unacceptable assault on sovereignty, how should we
respond to a Rwanda, to a Srebrenica—to gross and systematic violations of human rights that
offend every precept of our common humanity?. 78

the need for the General Assembly to continue consideration of the responsibility to protect populations from
genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity and its implications, bearing in mind the
principles of the Charter and international law. We also intend to commit ourselves, as necessary and appropriate,
to helping States build capacity to protect their populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes
against humanity and to assisting those which are under stress before crises and conflicts break out.”
69
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, p. vii.
70
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 161 (emphasis original).
71
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 4.1.
72
Ibid., paragraph 4.1.
73
Ibid., paragraphs 3.1-3.5.
74
Ibid., paragraphs 5.1-5.2.
75
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 161.
76
Orchard, "The Perils of Humanitarianism: Refugee and IDP Protection in Situations of Regime-Induced
Displacement", Refugee Survey Quarterly 2010, Vol. 29, No. 1, p. 60.
77
Skogly, “Extraterritoriality: universal human rights without universal obligations?” in Joseph and McBeth (eds.),
2011, pp. 73-74.
78
Report of the UN Secretary-General, ‘We the Peoples’- the Role of the United Nations in the 21st Century , 30
March 2000, Press Release No. UNIS/SG/2529, p. 48.

14

Victoria Åkermarck
R2P is an answer to this challenge. 79 The doctrine of R2P is a response to the inaction and
paralysation that marked the international community, especially during the second half of the
20th century; an inaction that has facilitated acts of genocide, ethnic cleansing and crimes
against humanity. 80 As armed conflicts have made the shift from inter-state to intra-state, so
also humanitarian intervention has developed. Focus has shifted from a right to intervene
opposed to territorial integrity, to rights of individuals and the responsibility of states and the
international community to protect these rights of individuals. 81 This has led to emphasis being
put on “human rights, primary state responsibility and international back-up” responsibility. 82

When discussing R2P and international intervention, the notion of right to intervene is put
upside-down, as the international responsibility is rather to be put on global responsibility to
protect people at risk than on the right to intervene, the perspective being angled on those in
need of help and not on the intervening party. 83 Simultaneously, the doctrine of R2P is an
emerging norm of international law, a norm of “fundamental ethical importance” for the whole
international community and international rights system. 84 The concept of protection could be
used to require a state (or states) to exercise jurisdiction when gross human rights violations
like genocide; war crimes; slavery; torture and cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment or
punishment; enforced disappearance; deportation or forcible transfer of population; and
systematic discrimination, especially when based on race or gender take place in the territory
of a state.85 In a jurisdictional context, R2P could even be used to require states to “assume their
responsibility to bring to justice the perpetrators of such violations”. 86 To some extent R2P and
universal jurisdiction supplement each other and work towards the same goals.87 R2P can be
used as a motivation for requiring states to “exercise jurisdiction over internationally harmful
activities originating” from within the territory. 88

79

Stockburger, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine: Customary International Law, an Emerging Legal Norm
or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights Law Review 2010, Vol. 5, p. 365.
80
Ibid., p. 365.
81
Francis and Sampford “Introduction” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 4.
82
Ibid., p. 4.
83
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, Chapter 2.
84
Evans, “From Humanitarian Intervention to the Responsibility to Protect”, Wisconsin International Law Journal
2006, Vol. 24, No. 3, p. 704.
85
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 162.
86
Ibid., p. 162.
87
See Chapter 3.2.7.in this thesis regarding Universal Jurisdiction.
88
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 162.

15

Victoria Åkermarck

Sovereignty and intervention are two concepts that have been much associated with R2P, which
is demonstrated in the following two basic principles, compiled by the ICISS, where the concept
of R2P was formulated for the first time:
A) State sovereignty implies responsibility, and the primary responsibility for the protection of its
people lies within the state itself.
B) Where a population is suffering serious harm, as a result of internal war, insurgency or state
failure, and the state in question is unwilling or unable to halt or avert it, the principle of nonintervention yields to the international responsibility to protect. 89

The concept of R2P was further affirmed in the 2005 World Summit Outcome Document
(WSOD) and in 2006 by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) in Resolution 1674. 90
Both sovereignty and intervention, especially military intervention, can be said to be somewhat
controversial in this context, as there is a plethora of differing opinions whether intervention is
justified, to what amount intervention is justified, whereas sovereignty is disturbed by
international intervention, according to some, and protection of human rights comes prior to
sovereignty according to others. Also, who is to decide on international intervention, duration
of intervention and manner of intervention are opinion-dividing aspects of R2P.

In the Implementing the Responsibility to Protect report from 2009, by the UNSG Ban Kimoon, R2P includes three “pillars” or responsibilities, 91 Breakey refers to these pillars as
elements.92 Accordingly, there are three pillars, responsibilities or elements in the core concept
of R2P, namely:
1) the protection responsibilities of the state or “sovereignty as responsibility”, 93
2) international assistance and capacity-building or international back-up responsibility to protect
and

89

Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, Basic Principles A) and B), p. xi.
90
World Summit Outcome Document, 24 October 2005, UN doc. A/RES/60/1 and UNSC Resolution 1674, 28
April 2006, UN doc. S/RES/1674: “Reaffirming that parties to armed conflict bear the primary responsibility to
take all feasible steps to ensure the protection of affected civilians”
91
Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677.
92
Breakey, “The responsibility to protect: Game change and regime change”, in Francis, Popovski and Sampford
(eds.), 2012, p. 11.
93
Deng (ed.), 1996.

16

Victoria Åkermarck
3) timely and decisive interventions or manner of interventions.94

In sub-chapters 2.2.1. to 2.2.3., these three main elements will be discussed. Overall, in short,
the doctrine of R2P operates on the assumption that, when and where, a state is failing or fails,
by unwillingness or inability, to protect its population from atrocities, the remaining
responsibility falls on the international community to protect.95 When and if, the territorial state
would fail to assume its R2P, then other states could/should step in, in order to protect the
interests of the civilian population and the international community. 96

2.1.2. Legal Framework of Responsibility to Protect
The doctrine of R2P operates within the frames of international law, IHL and the foundation
for human protection. Pre-existing bodies of international law such as the 1998 Rome Statute
of the International Criminal Court (ICC Statute), the 1948 Genocide Convention and the 1945
UN Charter, award R2P its authority. 97 The UN and especially the UNSC bears an effective
role in this regard, as according to Chapter VII of the UN Charter the UNSC is conferred with
the primary responsibility to maintain international peace and security. 98 Articles 39, 41 and 42
of the UN Charter further discuss this responsibility of the UNSC to maintain international
peace and security, by ways of describing what action, especially non-military action and as a
last resort military action, the UNSC can take when it has identified the existence of a threat to
international peace. 99 These aforementioned articles together with Article 51 of the UN Charter
regarding self-defence, are the only articles in the UN Charter that “expressly trump the
domestic jurisdiction restriction”. 100 The mandate to maintain international peace and security
given to the UNSC in the articles of Chapter VII of the UN Charter, indeed authorises the UNSC
to act in order to protect civilians. 101 Additionally, Article VIII of the Genocide Convention

94

Ibid., p. 11. For more detailed information regarding the three elements of R2P, see Report of the SecretaryGeneral, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc. A/63/677.
95
Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677.
96
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 162.
97
Durham and Wynn-Pope, “The relationship between international humanitarian law and responsibility to
protect: From Solferino to Srebrenica” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 176.
98
Article 24, Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
99
Articles 39, 41 and 42, Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
100
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 6.4, Articles 39, 41, 42 and 51, Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
101
Chapter VII, Charter of the United Nations, 1945, Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and
Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges
2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 46.

17

Victoria Åkermarck
provides the competent UN organs with the authority to prevent genocide. 102 Article VII of the
Genocide Convention then implies the UNSC to be the primary organ to take appropriate action
and prevent genocide.103

The UNSC is not the sole organ to undertake the maintenance of international peace and
security, it does have the primary responsibility to maintain peace but the UNGA is also liable
with regard to questions of peace and security as well as is the UNSG. 104 Article 10 of the UN
Charter provides the UNGA with a general responsibility scope to any question within the
Charter of the UN, whereas Article 11 gives the UNGA a fallback responsibility to make
recommendations, not binding decisions but recommendations, with specific regard to
questions of maintenance of international peace and security.105 The UNSG can bring questions
to the UNSC, when the questions may threaten the maintenance of international peace and
security. 106

Additionally, and as mentioned previously, the primary R2P lies firstly in the hands of the
sovereign state, secondly with domestic authorities that exercise partnership with external
operators and only at the third place comes international organisations. 107 Where a state fails to
protect the people within its jurisdiction from atrocities, there is a responsibility deficit and the
international community with the UNSC in a key position is to step in. 108 For as long as states
make it a priority to protect peace and its own population from atrocities by jurisdiction and
active measures of R2P, the probability of a responsibility deficit is kept at a minimal level.

102

Article XIII, Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 1948.
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 46.
104
Articles 10, 11 and 99, Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
105
Articles 10 and 11, Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
106
Article 99, Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
107
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 6.11.
108
Ibid., paragraph 6.11.
103

18

Victoria Åkermarck
2.2. Three Pillars of Responsibility to Protect
2.2.1. Sovereignty as Responsibility
Firstly, R2P lies utmost with the state.109 This first pillar of the doctrine of R2P is founded on
the permanent responsibility of states to protect its population within its jurisdiction, meaning
not only the relatively new concept of R2P, but also previous legal obligations derived from
continuing and long-standing legal obligations under international law. 110 Jurisdiction and
sovereignty walk hand in hand, as jurisdiction under international law directly refers to the
competence of a state to regulate persons situated in its territory; both its own nationals and
foreigners, as well as natural and legal persons. 111 In international law, sovereignty implies the
legal identity of a state and the ability to make conclusive decisions within the territory of the
state, in other words to exercise jurisdiction within its territorial borders. 112 Hence, it can be
said that “extraterritorial exercise of force inside another state infringes that state’s
jurisdictional monopoly of force within its borders” by the concept of sovereignty, 113 as
sovereignty is most often interpreted as implying “a right against interference or intervention
by any foreign (or international) power”.114 “[S]overeignty is more than just a functional
principle of international relations”,

115

sovereignty can also be a symbol for “equal worth and

dignity”,116 a protection of unique cultural identities and national freedom. 117 As well as that,
sovereignty bears a dual responsibility of external and internal respect.118 External respect, on
the one hand, extending to respecting the international community, as in respecting the
sovereignty of other states.119 Internal respect, on the other hand, embracing to respect the

109

Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, Basic Principles A), p. xi, Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12
January 2009, UN doc. A/63/677, p. 10.
110
Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677, p. 8.
111
Cooreman, 2017, p. 85.
112
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 2.7.
113
Colangelo, ”What Is Extraterritorial Jurisdiction”, Cornell Law Review 2014, Vol. 99, No. 6, p. 1311.
114
Jackson, “Sovereignty-Modern: A New Approach To An Outdated Concept”, AJIL 2003, Vol. 97, No. 4, p.
782.
115
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 1.32.
116
Ibid., paragraph 1.32.
117
Ibid., paragraph 1.32.
118
Ibid., paragraph 1.35.
119
Ibid., paragraph 1.35.

19

Victoria Åkermarck
people within the state, e.g. respecting their dignity and basic human rights, 120 as well as
protection of safety and promotion of their citizens welfare.121

The relationship between sovereignty and human rights needs to be re-evaluated in the sense
that the view on sovereignty needs to be seen as a shift from “sovereignty as control to
sovereignty as responsibility”. 122 In other words, this contends the fact that sovereignty cannot
be used as a pre-requisite for acts of violence within a state, sovereignty is not to be understood
as an authority entitling to (whatever) domestic activities the state and its authorities desire, but
on the contrary, the basis for sovereignty is the fundamental protection of peoples most
fundamental human rights.123 Thus, sovereignty is no longer admitted as a defence for
atrocities,124 which it did formerly, as historically, before the 20 th century, state sovereignty
implied an undeniable, domestic monopoly on the use of force.125 The protection
responsibilities of the state includes not only protection for nationals, but protection from
genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity for anyone present in the
territory, were it nationals, foreigners, residents or visitors. 126 Deng has pointed out that
sovereignty is compiled of certain international privileges and of enduring obligations towards
one’s own people.127 Thereby meaning that, fulfilment of fundamental protection obligations
and respect of core human rights would decrease the state’s concerns of unwelcome
international intervention.128

2.2.2. Responsibility to Protect as International Back-Up
Secondly, international assistance and capacity-building or international back-up R2P enhances
the commitment of the international community to support each other in meeting the obligations

120

Ibid., paragraph 1.35.
Ibid., paragraph 2.15.
122
Ibid., paragraph 2.14.
123
Breakey, “The responsibility to protect: Game change and regime change”, in Francis, Popovski and Sampford
(eds.), 2012, p. 12.
124
Ibid., p. 12.
125
Thakur, “Libya and the Responsibility to Protect: Between Opportunistic Humanitarianism and Value-Free
Pragmatism”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 13.
126
Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677, p. 8.
127
Deng (ed.), 1996.
128
Ibid.
121

20

Victoria Åkermarck
of R2P.129 This second element of R2P relates to assisting a state to fulfil its primary element
protection responsibilities, in other words, when a state is unable to fully meet its first pillar
responsibilities, be it “because of capacity deficits or lack of territorial control”, 130 then the
international community ought to be ready to assist and support this state to meet its core
obligations. 131

The co-operation intended by the principle of R2P engages various parties from international
co-operation to regional, sub-regional, private sector and civil society mechanisms. 132 Measures
intended by the ICISS and the UN in the question of intervention are economic, political and
judicial measures, by way of example political, diplomatic or economic sanctions; military
intervention is only justified in “extreme cases”. 133 The scope of measures of intervention
within the framework of R2P goes from domestic to bilateral, regional and international
measures, commencing from power-sharing agreements,134 to military force as a last resort.135

2.2.3. Responsibility to Protect and Manner of Intervention
Thirdly, when a state fails to provide protection to its citizens, then the international
community’s responsibility is to “respond collectively in a timely and decisive manner”. 136 This
third element not only includes the responsibility to react, prevent and stop, but also the
responsibility to follow through and rebuild. 137 This way it is possible to ensure “sustainable
reconstruction and rehabilitation” of a society demolished by large scale violations of human
rights.138

129

Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677, p. 15.
130
Ibid., p. 10.
131
Ibid., p. 10.
132
Ibid., p. 15.
133
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraphs 4.1. and 4.4.
134
See Schneider, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect in Kenya and Beyond, International Crisis Group,
2010, available at: https://www.crisisgroup.org/africa/horn-africa/kenya/implementing-responsibility-protectkenya-and-beyond
135
Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 4.
136
Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677, p. 9.
137
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 5.1.
138
Ibid., paragraph 5.2.

21

Victoria Åkermarck
What still causes controversy among states, within the concept of R2P and international
intervention, is the fact that international intervention on human protection grounds is generally
by many states viewed as military intervention in the territory of another state and humanitarian
intervention, which purpose is to protect, prevent and stop gross violations of human rights,
would be taken as a prima facie violation of international law. 139 The notion of military
intervention is, hence, the most problematic and controversial part of the doctrine of R2P.140
Namely, military intervention would strongly contradict the principle of non-intervention and
sovereignty. 141 As, since the establishment of the UN, in the aftermath of the WWII, the
principle of non-intervention had been viewed as one of the only defence mechanisms granting
protection against international actors pressing smaller states with economic and political
interests.142 This being a restricting factor regarding development of humanitarian intervention
in internal situations of human rights violations.143 One of the reasons to why international
intervention is still understood as controversial is the fact that the concept includes such a wide
range of activities, and so the views regarding what is international intervention vary. 144 When
discussing the doctrine of R2P, international intervention consists of activity “taken against a
state or its leaders, without its or their consent for purposes which are claimed to be
humanitarian or protective”. 145 In order to establish this kind of international intervention
founded on human protection there needs to be clear rules, procedures and criteria to determine
when and how to intervene.146 After international, non-military intervention has been
undertaken, but it has failed to enhance prospects for sustainable peace and military intervention
is therefore necessary, then military intervention should be established as legitimate. 147

139

Stockburger, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine: Customary International Law, an Emerging Legal Norm
or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights Law Review 2010, Vol. 5, p. 367.
140
Evans, “From Humanitarian Intervention to the Responsibility to Protect”, Wisconsin International Law
Journal 2006, Vol. 24, No. 3, p. 709.
141
Article 2(4), Charter of the United Nations, 1945, and Stockburger, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine:
Customary International Law, an Emerging Legal Norm or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights
Law Review 2010, Vol. 5, p. 367.
142
Evans, “From Humanitarian Intervention to the Responsibility to Protect”, Wisconsin International Law
Journal 2006, Vol. 24, No. 3, p. 705.
143
Ibid., p. 705.
144
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 1.37.
145
Ibid., paragraph 1.38.
146
Ibid., paragraph 2.3.
147
Ibid., paragraph 2.3.

22

Victoria Åkermarck
International military intervention needs to be purpose-oriented and effective, all the while
minimising civilian damage and human loss. 148 When all means of non-military intervention
have been exhausted, military intervention can be justified, however, only in extreme cases and
according to the criteria for military intervention set out by the ICISS. 149 According to the
ICISS-report there are six criteria for determining when military intervention is justified:
1) right authority,
2) just cause,
3) right intention,
4) last resort,
5) proportional means and
6) reasonable prospects. 150

For military intervention to be justified for human protection and human security reasons,
“serious and irreparable harm” needs to be occurring or threateningly likely to occur in the
territory.151 Additionally, military intervention for the purposes of human protection is to be
seen as an “exceptional and extraordinary measure”.152 There are two sets of circumstances
justifying military intervention for the purposes of human protection according to the ICISS
report.153 And when either or both of these two conditions are met, the ICISS report declares a
military intervention decision to be “amply satisfied”. 154 Still, according to the ICISS report,
the two conditions need further explanation for defining the “conscience-shocking” situations
intended.155

148

Ibid., paragraph 2.3.
Ibid., paragraphs 4.1, 4.4 and 4.16.
150
Ibid., paragraph 4.16.
151
Ibid., paragraph 4.18.
152
Ibid., paragraph 4.18.
153
Ibid., paragraphs 4.19 and 4.20.
154
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 4.19:”1. large scale loss of life, actual or apprehended, with genocidal intent or not, which is the
product either of deliberate state action, or state neglect or inability to act, or a failed state situation; or 2. large
scale “ethnic cleansing,” actual or apprehended, whether carried out by killing, forced expulsion, acts of terror or
rape.”
155
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph 4.20:”1. those actions defined by the framework of the 1948 Genocide Convention that involve
large scale threatened or actual loss of life; 2. the threat or occurrence of large scale loss of life, whether the product
of genocidal intent or not, and whether or not involving state action; 3. different manifestations of "ethnic
cleansing," including the systematic killing of members of a particular group in order to diminish or eliminate their
presence in a particular area; the systematic physical removal of members of a particular group from a particular
geographical area; acts of terror designed to force people to flee; and the systematic rape for political purposes of
women of a particular group (either as another form of terrorism, or as a means of changing the ethnic composition
of that group); 4. those crimes against humanity and violations of the laws of war, as defined in the Geneva
Conventions and Additional Protocols and elsewhere, which involve large scale killing or ethnic cleansing; 5.
situations of state collapse and the resultant exposure of the population to mass starvation and/or civil war; and 6.
149

23

Victoria Åkermarck

The principle of responsibility to protect does not distinguish between harm caused by state
action or non-state actors, if the circumstances are grave enough, international military
intervention for the purpose of human protection is justified by the pure knowledge of such
grave violations and irreparable damage caused to civilians. 156 Apart from the problematics
with R2P and international military intervention, there is another equally important problem
related to the doctrine, namely the lack of political will to react and to mobilise. 157 There is a
lack of political will regarding preventive action, non-military intervention and military
intervention.158

2.3. Protection of Civilians
2.3.1. Background
The principle of civilian protection has several titles, like non-combatant immunity or the
principle of distinction between combatants and non-combatants.159 Nonetheless, the core of
the principle is the same no matter how the principle is addressed, namely the obligation for the
parties to an armed conflict to refrain from directing attacks on civilian population and civilian
objects.160 In other words, combatants and military objectives are the only legitimate aims for
attacks during armed conflict.161 All parties to an armed conflict are responsible for protecting
civilians, by seeking to minimize harm caused to civilians and civilian objects, 162 meaning
belligerent parties are not to consider placing military objectives in the direct vicinity of places
where there are much civilians, like towns, villages or near schools or hospitals. 163 Historically,

overwhelming natural or environmental catastrophes, where the state concerned is either unwilling or unable to
cope, or call for assistance, and significant loss of life is occurring or threatened.”
156
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, paragraph. 4.22.
157
Evans, “From Humanitarian Intervention to the Responsibility to Protect”, Wisconsin International Law
Journal 2006, Vol. 24, No. 3, p. 720.
158
Ibid., pp. 720-721.
159
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 105.
160
Articles 48, 51, 52, 57, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to
the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977 and Article 3 Common to the four Geneva
Conventions, 1949.
161
Article 4, Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, 1949, Article 43, 50 and 51, Protocol
Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection of Victims of
International Armed Conflicts, 1977, in particular paragraph 7 of Article 51, together with Henckaerts and
Doswald-Beck, 2005, pp. 337-340, Rule 97: ”The use of human shields is prohibited”.
162
Articles 48 and 57, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
163
Ibid., Articles 48, 52 and 57.

24

Victoria Åkermarck
POC to some extent consists of “reducing the effects of conflict” and it has so done within the
framework of the UN.164 A manner of protecting the civilian population and civilian objects is
the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks, indiscriminate attacks being for example attacks not
directly targeted at military objectives. 165 Indiscriminate attacks then constituting part of the
general principles of CIL, these being: the notion of military objective; the duty to take
precautions, the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks and the rule of proportionality. 166
According to Smith, Whalan and Thompson “civilian protection is now broadly understood to
be an inherent objective of contemporary peacekeeping”, 167 then pointing at the POC agenda
of the UNSC that “focuses primarily on the implementation of protection through the mandates
of UN peace operations”168

In the Advisory Service on International Humanitarian Law by the International Committee of
the Red Cross and the Red Crescent (ICRC) it is said that “[t]he main purpose of international
humanitarian law is to limit the effects of armed conflict, for humanitarian reasons, by
protecting people not participating or no longer taking part in hostilities”. 169 IHL has seen
different stages of development since the first Geneva Convention of 1864, namely the
Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field, the
IHL of today therefore also looks somewhat different.170 Naturally, not only IHL has developed
in a vacuum, but the world itself has evolved and the character of both inter-state and intra-state
armed conflicts has changed during time. The concept of armed conflict is complex, as no
conflict is the other alike. At the international level, the most extensive and traditional form of
threat to a state is a situation of armed conflict and simultaneously an armed conflict represents
“the most extreme threat” at the level of individual security. 171 An armed conflict represents a
threat to the security of the civilian population of a state and despite a situation of armed

164

Sampford, “A Feuerbachian Inversion: From Sovereign Rights and Subjects Duties to Citizen Rights and
State Duties”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 56.
165
Article 51(4), Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
166
Cassese, “The Geneva Protocols of 1977 on the Humanitarian Law of Armed Conflict and Customary
International Law”, UCLA Pacific Basin Law Journal 1984, Vol. 3, No. 1-2, pp. 82–86.
167
Smith, Whalan and Thomson, “The Protection of Civilians in UN Peacekeeping Operations: Recent
Developments”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 30.
168
Ibid., p. 30.
169
Advisory Service on International Humanitarian Law, ICRC, 2004.
170
Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in the Field, Geneva, 22 August
1864.
171
Sassòli, “The Concept of Security in International Law Relating to Armed Conflicts” in Bailliet (ed.), 2009, p.
7.

25

Victoria Åkermarck
conflict, a state is responsible to protect the security of its civilians, regulated by state
obligations and international law. 172 Consequently, the primary responsibility to protect its
civilians and secure POC lies in the hands of the national state, despite of this, in a situation of
armed conflict, this state obligation is repeatedly neglected and disrespected. States have the
primary duty to protect their civilians and civilians have a right to protection. 173

The UN plays a fairly important role when regarding protection of civilians, if not to say one
of the most important roles. Specific reference to POC has its origins in the UNSC from the last
decade of the last century,174 since then POC has been supported in a number of reports by the
UNSG to the UNSC,175 in UNSC resolutions, 176 and in UNSC presidential statements.177 The
former UNSG Ban Ki-moon has pointed out the following regarding POC:
we must focus our efforts on enhancing protection where and for whom it matters most — on the
ground, in the midst of conflict and for the hundreds of thousands of civilians who are, on a daily
basis, at risk of, or fall victim to, serious violations of international humanitarian law and human
rights law.178

Accordingly, POC is part of several UNSC mandates, namely in Afghanistan, 179 Central
African Republic, 180 Côte d’Ivoire, 181 Darfur,182 Democratic Republic of Congo,183 Haiti,184

172

Article 51(8), Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977 and Sassòli, “The Concept of Security in
International Law Relating to Armed Conflicts” in Bailliet (ed.), 2009, p. 7.
173
Sampford, “A Feuerbachian Inversion: From Sovereign Rights and Subjects Duties to Citizen Rights and
State Duties”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 51-60.
174
Ferris, 2011.
175
UN Secretary-General Reports: S/1999/957, S/2001/331, S/2002/1300, S/2004/431, S/2005/ 740, S/2007/643
and S/2009/277.
176
UN Security Council Resolutions: S/RES/1265, S/RES/1296, S/RES/1674 and S/RES/1738.
177
Statements by the President of the UN Security Council: S/PRST/1999/6, S/PRST/2002/6, S/PRST/2002/41,
S/PRST/2003/27, S/PRST/2004/46, S/PRST/2005/25, S/PRST/2009/1 and S/PRST/2009/9.
178
Report of the Secretary-General on the protection of civilians in armed conflict, S/2010/579, 11 November
2010.
179
United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA), established by UNSC Resolution 1401, 28
March 2002, UN doc. S/RES/1401.
180
United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad (MINURCAT), established by UNSC
Resolution 1861, 14 January 2009, UN doc. S/RES/1861, UNSC Resolution 1834, 24 September 2008, UN doc.
S/RES/1834 and UNSC Resolution 1778, 25 September 2007, UN doc. S/RES/1778.
181
United Nations Operation in Côte d’Ivoire (UNOCI), established by UNSC Resolution 1528, 27 February
2004, UN doc. S/RES/1528.
182
United Nations – African Union Hybrid Operation in Darfur (UNAMID), established by UNSC Resolution
2148, 3 April 2014, UN doc. S/RES/2148.
183
United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC), established by
UNSC Resolution 1279, 30 November 1999, UN doc. S/RES/1279.
184
United Nations Stabilization Mission in Haiti (MINUSTAH), established by UNSC Resolution 1542, 30 April
2004, UN doc. S/RES/1542.

26

Victoria Åkermarck
Liberia185 and Sudan.186 Peacekeeping operations have different mandates with the purpose to
secure basic protection like security, food, medical assistance and the rule of law.187 Measuring
effectiveness or success of a peacekeeping mission varies according to its mandate, however,
to “the extent that traditional peacekeeping missions helped to manage or end conflict, they
coincidentally may have contributed to protecting civilians”.188

A situation of armed conflict is at its foremost a situation of exception and in order to be
determined and classified as either an IAC or a NIAC, an armed conflict needs to fulfil requisite
conditions set forth under IHL.189 However, the legal determination of ‘armed conflict’ itself
under IHL is simple; the requirement is a presence of militarily structured armed resistance or
“of UN troops being involved in the fighting”. 190 An inferior affair within a particular
jurisdiction may start as a situation that activates R2P, then develop into a situation of armed
conflict and hence engage POC and still further develop into an IAC with several
counterparts.191 The situation the most likely to appear, is there to be involvement from
international instances as well, and not to mention the UNSC, it being the one organ accorded
to decide upon military intervention when regarding international security and peace, and the
maintenance thereof.192 In order to identify what constitutes an armed attack one can pose the
question whether all use of force, also all prohibited force is an armed attack.193

185

United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL), established by UNSC Resolution 1509, 19 September 2003,
UN doc. S/RES/1509.
186
United Nations Mission in Sudan (UNMIS), established by UNSC Resolution 1590, 24 March 2005, UN
doc. S/RES/1590.
187
Sampford, “A Feuerbachian Inversion: From Sovereign Rights and Subjects Duties to Citizen Rights and
State Duties”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 59.
188
Smith, Whalan and Thomson, “The Protection of Civilians in UN Peacekeeping Operations: Recent
Developments”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 31.
189
International Humanitarian Law and the Challenges of Contemporary Armed Conflicts, ICRC, 31IC/11/5.1.2,
p. 7.
190
Kolb and Hyde, 2008, pp. 78-81, Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative,
Institutional and Operational Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p.
43.
191
Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 4-5.
192
Articles 1(1), 1(3), 24(1) and 42, Charter of the United Nations,1945.
193
Higgins, 1994, p. 248. The concept of armed attack and the question of prohibited force has been examined in
Nicaragua v. United States, ICJ Reports, 1986, pp. 103-104: “But the Court does not believe that the concept of
"armed attack" includes not only acts by armed bands where such acts occur on a significant scale but also
assistance to rebels in the form of the provision of weapons or logistical or other support. Such assistance may be
regarded as a threat or use of force, or amount to intervention in the internal or external affairs of other States.”

27

Victoria Åkermarck
An example of a situation that was initiated by engagement of R2P and not as a situation of
armed conflict, and then developed into a situation that parallelly engaged the POC in a situation
of armed conflict, is Libya in 2011. 194 The situation in Libya in 2011 was first described by the
UNSC as a situation of “gross and systematic violation of human rights, including the
repression of peaceful demonstrators” and “use of force against civilians”, but not as an armed
conflict.195 Thus, a situation of crimes against humanity that engaged the R2P. Few weeks later
the situation in Libya was already referred to as an armed conflict by the UNSC and POC was
engaged as POC applies not only in IACs but also in NIACs. 196 The UNSC Resolutions 1970
and 1973, from February and March 2011, were a turning point for the doctrine of R2P, as they
marked the development “from concept to concrete action”. 197

Despite the humanitarian wish to protect civilians during armed conflict, the principle of POC
is far from self-evident in practice. 198 Reality and practice are not at the same level as the
existing rules and principles for protection. 199 Article 3 Common to the four 1949 Geneva
Conventions addresses the minimum requirements of civilian protection in NIAC and is not to
be disregarded in the discussion regarding armed conflicts, IHL and its principle of POC. 200
POC consists of civilians and civilian objects not being made the target of an attack nor of a
planned attack.201

The International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and the International
Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) as well as the International Criminal Court (ICC) and
the ICJ have contributed to the shaping of the view on POC in armed conflicts by their
judgements. The ICJ and its advisory opinion on the legality of nuclear weapons, as well as the
threat or use thereof in the case Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons from 1996,
194

See Resolution 1970, 26 February 2011, UN doc. S/RES/1970, Resolution 1973, 17 March 2011, UN doc.
S/RES/1973 and Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but
not Twins’”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 4-5.
195
Resolution 1970, 26 February 2011, UN doc. S/RES/1970, p. 1.
196
Resolution 1973, 17 March 2011, UN doc. S/RES/1973, pp. 1-3.
197
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 40.
198
Valentino, Huth and Croco, “Covenants without the Sword: International Law and the Protection of Civilians
in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3, p. 341.
199
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 106.
200
Article 3 Common to the four Geneva Conventions, 1949.
201
Article 43 and 50, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977, Article 4(6), Convention relative to the Treatment
of Prisoners of War, 1949 and Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, pp. 17-19, Rule 5.

28

Victoria Åkermarck
was the first of the international courts to address jurisprudence regarding the principle of
civilian protection and non-combatant immunity. 202 The ICJ stated there are two “cardinal
principles” being the principles of protection of civilian population and the prohibition of
causing “unnecessary suffering to combatants”. 203 The principle of POC is by the opinion of
the ICJ “aimed at the protection of the civilian population and civilian objects and establishes
the distinction between combatants and non-combatants”.204 This meaning that “states must
never make civilians the object of attack and must consequently never use weapons that are
incapable of distinguishing between civilian and military targets”.205 POC population was
discussed by the ICTY in, among others, the Prosecutor v. Duško Tadic case.206 The Tadic case
has contributed to the development of both IHL and POC.207

Many of the principles and rules of the APII “can now be regarded as declaratory of existing
rules or as having crystallised emerging rules of customary law or as else as having been
strongly instrumental in their evolution as general principles”, 208 this can be seen in the ICTY
Appeals Chamber judgement in the case of the Prosecutor v. Duško Tadic. The ICTY
judgement in the Tadic case stated CIL is applicable to civil wars and “aimed at protecting the
civilian population from the hostilities”. 209 CIL or the formation thereof and “the formation of
general rules or principles designed to protect civilians or civilian objects from hostilities or,
more generally, to protect those who do not (or no longer) take active part in hostilities” is seen
as valid by the ICTY.210 In other words, ICTY regarded POC as a legal rule in NIAC, by
acknowledging the purposes and logics of IHL and not only by focusing on the actual behaviour
of states in armed conflicts.211

202

Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 116 and
Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons, Advisory Opinion, ICJ Reports 1996, p. 226.
203
Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons, Advisory Opinion, ICJ Reports 1996, p. 226, paragraph 78.
204
Ibid., paragraph 78.
205
Ibid., paragraph 78.
206
The Prosecutor v. Duško Tadic, International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia Appeals Chamber,
Decision on the Defence Motion for Interlocutory Appeal on Jurisdiction, 2 October 1995.
207
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 117.
208
The Prosecutor v. Duško Tadic, International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia Appeals Chamber,
Decision on the Defence Motion for Interlocutory Appeal on Jurisdiction, 2 October 1995, paragraph 117.
209
Ibid., paragraph 100.
210
Ibid., paragraph 119.
211
Ibid., paragraph 117 and Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in
Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 118.

29

Victoria Åkermarck
Article 57 of the API implicates all precautions should be taken into account when planning an
attack, in order to spare civilian population from death and serious injury, as well as to spare
civilian objects from unnecessary damage. 212 If it is uncertain whether a civilian object is used
for military actions or not, it is to be assumed that the object is not used for military actions, but
being used for civilian purposes.213 As mentioned before, ammunition and weapons storage are
distinct military objectives and therefore are not to be placed near densely populated areas or
in the close vicinity of civilian objects like a facility of primary education or other educational
facilities, as it is an evident military target running high risk of being attacked by opposing
parties. 214 Using education facilities for military purposes while pupils and teachers are in the
building(s) used for education, demonstrates a failure of fulfilling the duty to take precautions
when planning an attack and to minimise the harm caused to civilians and civilian objects. 215
Civilians may not be used as human shields or removed from their natural habitat, in order to
change the character of an objective for a planned attack, by way of example, by making a
military objective a civilian object by moving a civilian population to a military objective or to
the close vicinity of a military objective. 216 The use of human shields is prohibited, hence,
preventing civilians e.g. pupils and teachers from leaving a school building is a manner of using
human shields. 217

The merge of civil wars has replaced inter-state conflicts and thus, war crimes have been
exposed to extended groups of vulnerable people. 218 “Since times immemorial, man has sought
security”, 219 security from threats that could affect both national and international security and
the means to grant a feeling of security. 220 Threats caused by nature are, by way of example
threats of shortage of water, threats of natural disasters like earth quakes or tsunamis and threats
caused by man are i.e. threats of a terror attack, threats of poverty, and threats concerning
national security posed by another state e.g. the threat of an armed conflict or threat of using
212

Article 57, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection
of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
213
Ibid., Article 52(3).
214
Ibid., Article 57(2b).
215
Ibid., Article 57.
216
Ibid., Article 51, in particular paragraph 7, together with Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rule 97, pp.
337-340.
217
Article 51, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection
of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977, in particular paragraph 7, together with Henckaerts and
Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rule 97, pp. 337-340.
218
Francis and Sampford “Introduction” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 1.
219
Dahl, “Foreword” in Bailliet (ed.), 2009, p. ix.
220
Ibid., p. ix.

30

Victoria Åkermarck
nuclear weapons. 221 The threat of war crimes, ethnic cleansing and genocide are growingly
exposed to children and women, which has been highlighted at a constant by the UN at several
occasions. 222 Young girls are exposed to augmented security risks caused by armed conflicts,
besides leading to fear of sexual harassment by armed forces, school drop-out and violence, in
addition, this can develop into long-term effects for overall gender inequality in society. 223
Refugee camps and camps for internally displaced persons (IDPs) where civilians in an
inescapable way are close, if not mixed together with combatants and other elements of war,
are numerous and can render both protection and danger for civilians. 224 Civilians who flee
across borders are to be protected by the governments of the jurisdiction they flee to, whereas
protection of IDPs falls to the national governments.225 Over time, the concept of security has
transformed and developed.226 International assistance is not accepted by all governments, or
the process of accepting international assistance is prolonged, sometimes intentionally it
seems. 227 During armed conflict, state practice and principles of IHL do not always coincide.
When there is an armed conflict, rules of IHL are somewhat forgotten or neglected by states
and consequently, humanitarian rules are violated when there is an armed conflict. 228

POC has evolved during time, however halting it sometimes seems to be and especially it has
evolved during the last decade of the 20th century. 229 Humanitarian assistance has evolved in
several different ways, like the establishment of intergovernmental legislative frameworks
within the UN; of the UNGA, of the UN Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) and of the
221

See Bailliet, “Introduction”; Dahl, “Foreword” and Voigt, [Security in a “Warming World”: Competences of
the UN Security Council for Preventing Dangerous Climate Change] in Bailliet (ed.), 2009.
222
Francis and Sampford “Introduction” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 1.
223
Global Coalition to Protect Education from Attack, Education Under Attack 2018, 2018, p. 29.
224
Francis and Sampford “Introduction” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 1.
225
Ferris and Kirisci, 2016, p.72.
226
A study submitted by the UNSG as UN Secretary-General Report A/40/553, 26 August 1985, was carried out
by a group of governmental experts appointed by the UNSG pursuant to UNGA Resolution 38/188 H, 20
December 1983, UN doc. A/RES/38/188 H, which called for “a comprehensive study of concepts of security, in
particular security policies which emphasize co-operative efforts and mutual understanding between States, with
a view to developing proposals for policies aimed at preventing the arms race, building confidence in relations
between States, enhancing the possibility of reaching agreements on arms limitation and disarmament and
promoting political and economic security”. UN Secretary-General Report A/40/553, 26 August 1985, p. 10:
security as defined by a UN group of experts “a condition in which States consider that there is no danger of
military attack, political pressure or economic coercion, so that they are able to pursue freely their own
development and progress. International security is thus the result and the sum of the security of each and every
State member of the international community; accordingly, international security cannot be reached without full
international co-operation. However, security is a relative rather than an absolute term. National and international
security need to be viewed as matters of degree.”
227
Francis and Sampford “Introduction” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 2.
228
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 106.
229
Francis and Sampford “Introduction” in Francis, Popovski and Sampford (eds.), 2012, p. 1.

31

Victoria Åkermarck
UNSC.230 Apart from this normative development, organisational mechanisms, such as the
Inter-Agency Standing Committee (IASC), evolved for coordination of humanitarian
assistance.231 The 1990s also saw an expansion of both civil and military actors involved in the
chain of providing humanitarian assistance and protecting civilians. 232 This then taking POC
and humanitarian assistance to a new level of priority. Nevertheless, the 1990s was a time
featured by a number of humanitarian tragedies like Rwanda (1994), Srebrenica (1995) and
Kosovo (1999) to name a few. These events demonstrated a weak ability of the international
community to protect civilians during armed conflict. 233 At the same time, humanitarian
emergencies like these made it problematic to reach consensus decisions among UN
members. 234 Since the 1990s, multiple efforts have been taken in order to establish effective
POC during armed conflict. New strategies are developed and employed, strategies that are
based on human rights and effective POC.235 The doctrine of R2P has evolved as one of the
most distinguished measures of protection of civilians. 236

2.3.2. Legal Framework of Protection of Civilians
Civilian protection is one of the cornerstones of the law of armed conflict and the principle of
civilian protection is one of the most important principles in IHL. 237 IHL can be translated into
the law of war, jus in bello and the law of armed conflict. IHL applies in any situation of armed
conflict, no matter unlawful or lawful a conflict. 238 The four Geneva Conventions and their
Additional Protocols cover the laws of war and are, hence, strongly connected with POC,
however, the GCIV is concentrating on protecting civilians in times of war.239 The UNSC,
through its authority to maintain international peace and security, possesses the authority for
action in questions of POC.240

230

Ibid., p. 1.
Ibid., p. 1.
232
Ibid., p. 1.
233
Ibid., pp. 1-2.
234
Ibid., p. 2.
235
Ibid., p. 2.
236
See Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to
Protect, 2001, and Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009,
UN doc. A/63/677.
237
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 105.
238
Sassòli, “The Concept of Security in International Law Relating to Armed Conflicts” in Bailliet (ed.), 2009, p.
8.
239
Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, 1949.
240
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 41.
231

32

Victoria Åkermarck

2.4. Legal Definition of Civilian and Civilian Objects according to International
Humanitarian Law
2.4.1. Civilians
According to Article 51 of the API, civilians are to be protected from hostilities and direct attack
during armed conflict, therewith, targeting of civilians and civilian objects is prohibited. 241 A
civilian or a civilian person, is a person not member of any armed force, also a person not
directly taking part in hostilities is to be regarded a civilian person according to Article 50 of
the API.242 A person directly participating in hostilities during an armed conflict is therefore
not to be seen a civilian person.243 This rule applies for all persons, including members of nonorganised armed groups like rebellion groupings or militias that do not form part of any state’s
national armed forces; when one openly carries arms or participates actively in hostilities,
during an armed conflict as part of an organised armed force, then one is to be regarded not a
civilian but a person participating actively in the armed conflict, a combatant or a person
constituting part of an armed force.244 According to Article 48 of the API and its basic rule, a
distinction between combatants and civilians should be made at all times.245 This “most
elementary form” of the principle of civilian protection is frequently violated and especially so
in NIACs.246 Targeting civilians or civilian objects, like pupils, teachers and school buildings,
in both IACs and in NIACs is prohibited, in spite of this, the principle of non-attacking and
non-targeting of civilians and civilian objects is too often violated,247 especially schools,
hospitals and other similar protected zones, as well as their staff are constantly being attacked
and occupied by fighting forces, this causing more distress, more wounded and more deaths. 248
This obligation contains the requirement for the parties to an armed conflict to distinguish
241

Article 51, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection
of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
242
Ibid., Article 50.
243
Ibid., Article 50 and Valentino, Huth and Croco, “Covenants without the Sword: International Law and the
Protection of Civilians in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3, p. 359.
244
Article 43 and 50, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts 1977, Article 4, Convention relative to the Treatment of
Prisoners of War, 1949 and Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rule 5: “Civilians are persons who are not
members of the armed forces. The civilian population comprises all persons who are civilians”, pp. 17-19.
245
Article 48, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection
of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
246
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 106.
247
Valentino, Huth and Croco, “Covenants without the Sword: International Law and the Protection of Civilians
in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3, p. 340.
248
Education For All Global Monitoring Report, The Hidden Crisis: Armed Conflict and Education, Summary,
2011, p. 23.

33

Victoria Åkermarck
between civilians and combatants at all times during an armed conflict.249 As the principle of
distinction between combatants and non-combatants has been widely violated by states, legal
scholars have pledged for a more balanced view on reality and ideals, as the situation of today
contains a gap between those two.250 A gap, that does not seem to be closer to diminishing than
it would have been ever before. 251 The difference between reality and ideals, together with the
indifference of states towards humanitarian principles, have led legal scholars to a conclusion
of denial of the principle of distinction between combatants and non-combatants, which on the
one hand has resulted in the apologetic and on the other hand in the utopian view of POC during
armed conflicts.252

In 2000, in the Trial Chambers judgment of the Blaškic case, the ICTY gave a definition of
civilians as “persons who are not, or no longer, members of the armed forces”. 253 For such time
as a civilian person directly participates in an armed conflict by taking part in hostilities, that
person is no longer to be regarded a civilian. 254 In other words, a civilian person can lose his or
her civilian status, when and, if he or she participates in the hostilities of an armed conflict.255
Consequently, a civilian person loses his or her civilian status the minute he or she directs
actions in order to participate in hostilities of an armed conflict.256 As a civilian, is then to be
regarded a person not taking active or direct part in an armed conflict; indirect participation on
the other hand, can be participation in humanitarian work, like aiding wounded and sick persons
during an armed conflict, those persons indirectly participating in such actions are still to be
regarded civilian persons; for as long as a person does not actively participate in the hostilities
in any way. 257 Loss of civilian status, by actively participating in hostilities, and being a
combatant are not birds of a feather, hence, a civilian taking active part in hostilities without

249

Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rule 1, pp. 3-8.
Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, p. 105.
251
Ibid., pp. 105–107.
252
For more information regarding apologetic and utopian view on POC see Nishimura, “The Principle of Civilian
Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in Hensel (ed.), 2005, pp. 105–119.
253
Prosecutor v. Tihomir Blaškic, International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (Case No. IT-95-14T), Judgement of 3 March 2000, paragraph 180.
254
Article 51(3), Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
255
Ibid., Articles 50 and 51.
256
Article 43 and 50, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977, Article 4, Convention relative to the Treatment of
Prisoners of War, 1949.
257
Article 43, 50 and 51, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to
the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977, Article 4, Convention relative to the Treatment
of Prisoners of War, 1949.
250

34

Victoria Åkermarck
belonging to any organised armed force does not automatically become entitled to combatant
nor prisoner-of-war status upon capture, but can be tried under national law for participation in
conflict.258

Levée en masse, or when the population of an un-occupied area spontaneously resists invading
troops by taking up arms “without having time to form themselves into an armed force” is an
exception to the rule of civilian immunity. 259

2.4.2. Civilian Objects
“Civilian objects are protected against attack, unless and for such time as they are military
objectives”, Rule 10 in Customary Rules of International Humanitarian Law thus, refers to
civilians and civilian objects only being protected by IHL for as long as no participation in
direct hostile acts are taken.260 This meaning, that by the moment a civilian object in any way
directly and distinctly participates in the hostilities of an armed conflict, it loses its distinction
as a civilian object and is therefore set under the plausible risk of an attack.261 A civilian object
loses its protection only during that time, when it is a military objective, which by way of
example, means a civilian object, like a primary school facility can be a legitimate military
target only during the time it is used for military purposes e.g. as a firing position or as an
ammunition storage.262 This can be interpreted as if a school facility is used as a firing position
during night, then any planned attack should be conducted during this time; when the facility
is emptied of civilians, e.g. children and teaching staff that are in the building during daytime. 263
During daytime when the building is no longer used for military purposes, it is considered a
civilian object and should therefore be treated as a civilian object and not be made the subject
of attack.264 As it is prohibited to intentionally conduct attacks against purely civilian objects,
like primary schools, hence this is seen to be a crime against international law. 265 This also
258

Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck 2005, Rule 5, pp. 17-19.
Article 4(6), Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, 1949 and Henckaerts and DoswaldBeck, 2005, Rule 5, pp. 17-19.
260
Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rule 10, pp. 34-36:”Civilian objects are protected against attack, unless
and for such time as they are military objectives”.
261
Ibid., Rule 10, pp. 34-36.
262
Articles 48 and 52, Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the
Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
263
Ibid., Article 52.
264
Ibid., Articles 48, 50, 51, 52 and 57. Henckaert and Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rules 1, 5 and 10, pp. 3-8, pp. 17-19
and pp. 34-36.
265
Henckaerts and Doswald-Beck, 2005, Rule 10, pp. 34-36.
259

35

Victoria Åkermarck
being stated as a war crime in Article 8 of the 1998 ICC Statute.266 It is prohibited to
intentionally direct attacks at civilian hospitals, hospitals being marked and therefore also
visible from aircrafts, this making it more difficult claiming targeting an ammunition and
weapons storage nearby, as a hospital is marked and distinguishable from surrounding
buildings. 267

266
267

Article 8 (2 (b) (ix)), Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998.
Articles 18 and 19, Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, 1949.

36

Victoria Åkermarck

3. Legal Foundation for Extraterritorial Protection of Civilians
3.1. Territory and Extraterritorial
3.1.1. The Concept of Territory
This chapter will present jurisdiction, as a way of conduct to what extraterritorial jurisdiction
and extraterritorial protection of civilians contains. Firstly, the concept of territory is presented
and secondly the concept of extraterritoriality. Thirdly, jurisdiction in a general manner is
discussed, followed by sub-chapters regarding more specific aspects of jurisdiction in situations
of extraterritorial protection, such as the principles of subjective and objective territoriality and
the principle of passive personality. Lastly, criteria for jurisdiction in situations of
extraterritorial protection and respect for state sovereignty and exercise of extraterritorial
jurisdiction are presented.

A territory, or an area of territory, can consist of land and territorial sea, in addition, the concept
of territory consists of and includes seabed, subsoil, islands, islets and rocks. 268 Land territory
and territorial sea, seabed and subsoil are covered by territorial sovereignty, territorial
sovereignty being one out of four types of regime, in spatial terms of law.269 State competences
when regarding territory, are most often defined in terms of sovereignty and jurisdiction. 270
Whereas sovereignty refers to the legal personality of statehood as sovereignty as “plenary
power over territory” and jurisdiction refers to specific aspects of statehood and sovereignty, 271
like rights and powers.272 Legal state competences include disposal of territory. 273

3.1.2. The Concept of Extraterritorial
By way of introduction, extraterritorial is a legal concept with varying use in international law
discourse, all depending on the situation at hand. 274 Primarily, ‘exterritorial’ is associated with
diplomatic freedom of embassies from jurisdiction of the territory of residence, meaning

268

Crawford, 2012, p. 203.
Ibid., p. 203. The four types of regime in spatial terms known by law are territorial sovereignty; territory that
possess a status of its own, like trust territories; res nullius (area legally susceptible to acquisition by states but not
as yet placed under territorial sovereignty); and res communis (the high seas and outer space).
270
Crawford, 2012, p. 204.
271
Ibid., p. 245.
272
Ibid., p. 204.
273
Ibid., p. 204.
274
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 631.
269

37

Victoria Åkermarck
exclusion of territorial government.275 Whereas ‘extraterritorial’ comprehends conduct “taking
place beyond, regardless of a territory” or it can define a subject or conduct that is located
outside a territory.276 Exterritorial and extraterritorial are thus not to be mixed, as the two
notions are far from identical.

When speaking of extraterritorial from a strictly linguistic point of view, one can see the word
originates from Latin, extra territorium, and can simply be interpreted as “outside the
territory”.277 Prescriptive enforcement of judicial exercise of jurisdiction outside a state’s
territory or jurisdiction, is under international law referred to as ‘extraterritoriality’. 278 Both
territorial and extraterritorial are concepts open to interpretation and much relies upon the legal
system of the state concerned and their legislation. 279 When put as the contradiction of
“territorial”, 280 meaning within the territory of a state or e.g. territorial waters meaning waters
under the jurisdiction of a state,281 extraterritorial is seen as a place elongated from the territory
of a specific state, outside the borders of this particular sovereign state. 282 All the same,
extraterritorial includes a notion of geography and location, as “outside the territory”,283 as well
as “inside the borders”,284 are notions used for defining the concept. Location of conduct and
location of party are likewise two determining factors in the discussion on extraterritoriality.285
Extraterritoriality, when regarding the legal notion of extraterritoriality, can be relevant in
various kinds of questions, e.g. geographic scope of laws, 286 court power over foreign
defendants,287 rights of foreigners detained outside national territory, 288 ability of courts to
consider causes of action taking place out of activity abroad.289

275

Zalucki, “Extraterritorial Jurisdiction in International Law”, International Community Law Review, 2015, Vol.
17, No. 4-5, p. 404.
276
Ibid., p. 404.
277
Extraterritorial, The Oxford English Dictionary, 2019.
278
Cooreman, 2017, pp. 83-84.
279
Colangelo, ”What Is Extraterritorial Jurisdiction”, Cornell Law Review 2014, Vol. 99, No. 6, pp. 1303-1314.
280
For more information regarding the history of territoriality, see Ryngaert, 2015.
281
Territorial, The Oxford English Dictionary, 2019
282
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
pp. 631-632.
283
Colangelo, ”What Is Extraterritorial Jurisdiction”, Cornell Law Review 2014, Vol. 99, No. 6, pp. 1303-1304.
284
Ibid., p. 1303-1304.
285
Ibid., p. 1305 and pp. 1313-1314.
286
See Robert Morrison v. National Australia Bank Ltd., 24 June 2010, 130 S.Ct. 2869, No. 08-1191.
287
See J.McIntyre Machinery, Ltd. v. Robert Nicastro, 27 June 2011, 131 S.Ct. 2780, No. 09-1343 and Goodyear
Dunlop Tires Operations, S.A. v. Edgar D. Brown, 27 June 2011, 131 S.Ct. 2846, No. 10-76.
288
See Lakhdar Boumediene v. George W. Bush, 12 June 2008, 553 U.S. 723.
289
See Esther Kiobel, individually and on behalf of her late husband, Dr. Barinem Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., 17 April 2013, 133 S.Ct. 1659, No. 10-1491.

38

Victoria Åkermarck

3.2. Jurisdiction Regulates Extraterritorial Protection of Civilians
3.2.1. Jurisdiction in General
Before demonstrating the exercise of extraterritorial jurisdiction to protect, this chapter will
begin with a short discussion on jurisdiction in general. Through issues of states’ use of control,
jurisdiction has become a central question in international law. From a strictly linguistic point
of view ‘jurisdiction’ derives from the Latin words for ‘law’ and ‘to speak’ (jus or juris, and
dicere) and can hence be interpreted as “to speak the law”. 290 Jurisdiction in its most simple
definition is about allocating competence. 291 Jurisdiction is what determines how far, ratione
loci, the laws of a state might reach.292 From a legal point of view, jurisdiction contains power
to make legal decisions within a territory over which a legal authority, like a court or similar
state-run institution, can extend its legal authority.293 Whereas, in international human rights
treaties, it is the jurisdiction of a state that is referred to, and not the jurisdiction of a court. 294
However, through globalisation, states have been pushed to act in circumstances beyond their
territory and their territorial power. Jurisdiction is of preliminary importance, an issue that
needs to be decided primarily. Jurisdiction of a state is normally confined to a specific,
distinguished territory, but for this research it is relevant to research how that jurisdiction can
be applied outside the national territory. Consequently, there is no one single meaning, but on
the contrary, several meanings for the word ‘jurisdiction’ in international law. 295

Under PIL there are basically two different approaches which are logically posed to the question
of jurisdiction, namely, either states are allowed to exercise jurisdiction as they see fit, unless
there are any prohibitive rules to the contrary, or states are prohibited from exercising
jurisdiction as they see fit, unless there are any permissive rules to the contrary. 296 When states
adopt laws that do not govern purely domestic matters, then jurisdiction is affected by
international law.297 Territory, nationality and effects of a conduct, affect how states conceive

290

Jurisdiction, The Oxford English Dictionary, 2019.
Higgins, 1994, pp. 56-57.
292
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 5
293
Jurisdiction, The Oxford English Dictionary, 2019.
294
Milanovic, 2011, p. 19.
295
Ibid., p. 39.
296
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 29.
297
Ibid., p. 5.
291

39

Victoria Åkermarck
questions of jurisdiction.298 The wording ‘within its jurisdiction’, is used in international human
rights treaties to demonstrate the width of jurisdiction by showing national jurisdiction also can
apply to territories outside the national borders of a state as ‘within its jurisdiction’ includes
“any territory under the effective control of its authorities”, 299 like e.g. aircrafts or ships
registered in that state or when the offender or the victim is a national of that particular state.300
According to international law, a state is prohibited from exercising jurisdiction in another state
unless there is an international treaty or CIL that would permit a state to exercise its jurisdiction
outside its national borders. One of the reasons as to why extraterritorial jurisdiction is both
challenging and debated is because it is difficult to claim jurisdiction. 301 Respect of state
sovereignty is one of the main principles of international law, it is also crucial for maintaining
good international relations and this is why it needs to be justifiable to claim jurisdiction over
extraterritorial conduct.302 In international human rights treaties, jurisdiction is perceived as
control over territory and control over the people within the territory, contrary to “jurisdiction
to prescribe rules of domestic law and to enforce them”. 303 The subjects of international law are
states, which are indeed territorial entities, whereas sovereignty gives title to this power over
territory. International law, however, is inconsiderate towards and provides no protection for
“sovereignty for its own sake”. 304 This is demonstrated in the Island of Palmas case:
Territorial sovereignty, as has already been said, involves the exclusive right to display the activities
of a State. This right has as corollary a duty: the obligation to protect within the territory the rights
of other States, in particular their right to integrity and inviolability in peace and in war, together
with the rights which each State may claim for its nationals in foreign territory. Without manifesting
its territorial sovereignty in a manner corresponding to circumstances, the State cannot fulfil this
duty. Territorial sovereignty cannot limit itself to its negative side, i.e. to excluding the activities of
other States; for it serves to divide between nations the space upon which human activities are
employed, in order to assure them at all points the minimum of protection of which international
law is the guardian.305

And similarly emphasised by the ICJ in its Namibia advisory opinion:
The fact that South Africa no longer has any title to administer the Territory does not release it from
its obligations and responsibilities under international law towards other States in respect of the
298

Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 642.
299
Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 21.
300
Ibid., p. 21.
301
See S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International Justice (Series A. No. 10), 7
September 1927, where France claimed for French jurisdiction to be applied in the case as it occurred on the high
seas, but the PCIJ found that France did not have jurisdiction over the incident.
302
Crawford, 2012, p. 447.
303
Milanovic, 2011, p. 32.
304
Ibid., p. 60.
305
Island of Palmas case (Netherlands, USA), United Nations Reports of International Arbitral Awards, 4 April
1928, Vol II, p. 839.

40

Victoria Åkermarck
exercise of its powers in relation to this Territory. Physical control of a territory, and not sovereignty
or legitimacy of title, is the basis of State liability for acts affecting other States. 306

Consequently, the lack of sovereignty or legal title, does not exempt states from respecting
human rights.307 Application of human rights treaties rely upon “actual power exercised over
it”.308 A state’s capacity to protect, or to violate human rights, within a territory is in other
words unbound by sovereignty, but strongly bound to power over territory. Milanovic has
argued that:
[…] ‘jurisdiction’ in various human rights treaties refers to a power that a state exercises over a
territory, and perhaps also over individuals. When the state obtains this power it must, with due
diligence, fulfil its obligation to secure or ensure the human rights of all persons within its
jurisdiction. This power is a question of fact, of actual authority and control. 309

Therefore, as contracting parties to multiple human rights treaties, state responsibility can be
said to impose extraterritorial obligations to protect human rights, as human rights treaties
provide this above-mentioned understanding of jurisdiction.

The general bases of jurisdiction are: the principle of territory, the principle of nationality, the
principle of passive personality, the principle of protection or security and the effects doctrine
or the principle of objective territoriality. 310 These general principles of jurisdiction together
with international jurisdiction and universal jurisdiction will be presented in sub-chapters 3.2.3.
to 3.2.7..311

3.2.2. Prescriptive, Enforcement and Judicial Jurisdiction
Jurisdiction can be classified into three different types of jurisdiction: prescriptive, enforcement
and judicial jurisdiction. Prescriptive jurisdiction can also be referred to as legislative
jurisdiction, jurisdiction to prescribe or compétence normative, whereas enforcement

306

Legal Consequences for States of the Continued Presence of South Africa in Namibia (South West Africa)
notwithstanding Security Council Resolution 276 (1970), Advisory Opinion, ICJ Reports 1971, p. 16, paragraph
118.
307
Milanovic, 2011, pp. 60-61.
308
Ibid., pp. 60-61.
309
Ibid., p. 53.
310
Crawford, 2012, pp. 456-464, see also Cooreman, 2017, pp. 90-101.
311
For more information regarding international jurisdiction and universal jurisdiction see Crawford, 2012, pp.
467-471 and Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the
Support of the European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14,
No. 1, pp. 46-80.

41

Victoria Åkermarck
jurisdiction can be referred to as executive jurisdiction, jurisdiction to enforce or compétence
d’execution and judicial jurisdiction that can be referred to as adjudicatory jurisdiction, curial
or judicial jurisdiction. 312 Prescriptive jurisdiction refers to the power to make laws or to make
rules, enforcement jurisdiction refers to the power to enforce the aforementioned laws or rules
and judicial jurisdiction refers to the power to decide on matters occurred in the territory (and
abroad), hence, to apply these prescribed laws or rules. 313 Adjudicative jurisdiction refers to
courts’ power to claim jurisdiction over persons. 314 Judicial jurisdiction can be seen as part of
prescriptive jurisdiction or as part of enforcement jurisdiction, as well as it can be designated
as part of both categories.315 Judicial jurisdiction can be categorised as prescriptive when the
jurisdictional scope of legal acts is interpreted by courts and judicial jurisdiction can be
categorised as enforcement jurisdiction when courts give effect to laws. 316 Enforcement
jurisdiction is also exercised when a court convicts, punishes and sentences. 317 It is possible for
prescriptive jurisdiction to be extraterritorial, whereas jurisdiction to enforce is “strictly
territorial”.318

When exercised extraterritorially, these three different types of jurisdiction can lead to varying
levels of intrusiveness. 319 Enforcement jurisdiction exercised outside a state’s territory is
problematic, if not to say the most problematic according to Cooreman, as enforcement outside
one’s own territory is “clearly intruding on the sovereign domain of other states” and it violates
the three basic principles of rules on state jurisdiction in PIL, 320 namely sovereignty, nonintervention and cooperation. 321 State-run enforcement jurisdiction outside the state’s own
territory can be practised in different ways as there are several forms of this kind of intrusion,
by way of example, investigations of criminal or administrative procedures of another country
and physical force by state organs.322 Prescriptive jurisdiction is not as intrusive as enforcement
jurisdiction, as norms governing persons or conduct outside a state’s territory can be prescribed
by states. Nevertheless, this does not mean extraterritorial prescribing of rules always has an

312

Cooreman, 2017, p. 85, Milanovic, 2011, p. 23.
Cooreman, 2017, p. 85, Crawford, 2012, p. 456.
314
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 11.
315
Cooreman, 2017, pp. 85-86.
316
Ibid., p. 86.
317
Ibid., p. 86.
318
O’Keefe, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, JICJ 2004, Vol. 2, No. 3, p. 740.
319
Cooreman, 2017, p. 86.
320
Ibid., p. 86.
321
See Crawford, 2012.
322
Cooreman, 2017, p. 86.
313

42

Victoria Åkermarck
impact on other states, especially so when there is no effort to enforce the rules outside the
territory.323 However, expecting that states wish to carry into effect these kind of prescribed
rules, is legitimate.324 International law can allow for “a state to assert the applicability of its
criminal law to given conduct but, because the author of the conduct is abroad” that state cannot
enforce its criminal law. 325

3.2.3. The Principle of Territoriality
When discussing jurisdiction and international law, jurisdiction is closely bound to territory, as
states are regarded as having a monopoly of force within their borders. 326 In international law,
the territoriality principle is the most basic principle of jurisdiction, 327 and according to Higgins
it is to be considered “natural that, within a territory, a state expects its laws to apply”. 328 In
common law, it has traditionally been viewed that jurisdiction is “inherently territorial”. 329
Traditionally, states’ exercise of jurisdiction was in general limited to persons, property and
acts within the territory of the state.330 Territory together with government and population
“constitute the physical and social base for the state” and this base needs to be physically
identified as well as legally delimited. 331 This competence over events and persons (persons =
nationals, foreigners, residents, visitors or persons otherwise present in the territory) within a
territory can be said to be the starting point for jurisdiction and it is the most usual basis for
jurisdiction, as it entails the fact that states can and may, prescribe laws within that said
territory.332 All this, while under the duty not to intervene with any other states’ exclusive
jurisdiction over their territory. 333 In a situation where a national of a state has conducted a
crime and left the territory, all the time while the national is abroad, prescribed rules might be

323

Ibid., p. 86.
Ibid., p. 87.
325
O’Keefe, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, JICJ 2004, Vol. 2, No. 3, p. 740.
326
Jackson, “Sovereignty-Modern: A New Approach To An Outdated Concept”, AJIL 2003, Vol. 97, No. 4, p.
782 and p. 786.
327
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 49.
328
Higgins, 1994, p. 78.
329
Hardcastle, “UK: The Long Arm of the Law: Extra-Territoriality and the Serious Crime Act 2007”, 3 October
2012,
available
at:
http://www.mondaq.com/uk/x/199404/Crime/The+Long+Arm+Of+The+Law+ExtraTerritoriality+And+The+Ser
ious+Crime+Act+2007
330
International Bar Association – Legal Practice Division, Report of the Task Force on Extraterritorial
Jurisdiction, 2009, p. 5.
331
Crawford, 2012, p. 204.
332
Cooreman, 2017, p. 91.
333
Crawford, 2012, p. 447.
324

43

Victoria Åkermarck
limited with no enforcement.334 Upon return to the home country, however, the national can
face enforcement of the prescribed rules and be bound by the laws of his or her home country.335

However, overlapping jurisdiction is possible when, 336 to give an example, a national of state
A conducts unlawful behaviour in state B and, hence, violates the law within that state B. It is
universally recognised that the courts of the state where a crime is committed, state B in the
above-mentioned example, may exercise jurisdiction seen as “the essential territoriality of
sovereignty” and a result of legal competences that states have.337 When other states are affected
by actions undertaken by state A, international law plays a role and jurisdiction can be limited
by international law. 338 State A can use a certain area of state B, without it being unlawful, as
long as state A has the consent of state B to have that use of the specific area, or to provide
another example, to have its forces stationed within the boundaries of state B and have exclusive
jurisdiction over its own forces. 339 Consent by state B is of particular importance; when there
is consent by host state B, then state A does not have any claim to sovereignty over parts of
state B.340 Hence, enforcement “always requires the consent of the territorial state” meaning
prescribed rules by the exercise of prescriptive jurisdiction does not equal to extraterritorial
enforcement.341 In the commentaries to the Draft articles on the Law of Treaties, the United
Nations International Law Commission (ILC) has pointed out in Article 20 that valid consent
for a conduct by another state “precludes the wrongfulness of that act in relation to the
consenting state”.342

Jurisdiction can be limited by international treaties and by regional human rights treaties.
Article 1 of the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (ECHR)
contains, a limitation to its jurisdiction. 343 Additionally, Article 1 poses an obligation on its

334

Cooreman, 2017, p. 93.
Ibid., p. 93.
336
Milanovic, 2011, p. 25.
337
Crawford, 2012, p. 458.
338
Cooreman, 2017, p. 85.
339
Crawford, 2012, p. 204.
340
Ibid., p. 204.
341
Cooreman, 2017, p. 93.
342
Article 20, Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, adopted by the International
Law Commission, 2001, UN doc. A/56/10.
343
Article 1, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended
by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950.
335

44

Victoria Åkermarck
state parties to secure the rights contained in the ECHR. 344 In Bankovic and Others v. Belgium
and 16 Other Contracting States, the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) considered
the jurisdictional competence of state parties to be “primarily territorial”, 345 based on Article 1
of the ECHR and its wording “within their jurisdiction”. 346 In Bankovic, the wording ‘within
their jurisdiction’ was then further defined and discussed:

59. As to the “ordinary meaning” of the relevant term in Article 1 of the Convention, the Court
is satisfied that, from the standpoint of public international law, the jurisdictional competence of a
State is primarily territorial. While international law does not exclude a State’s exercise of
jurisdiction extra-territorially, the suggested bases of such jurisdiction (including nationality, flag,
diplomatic and consular relations, effect, protection, passive personality and universality) are, as a
general rule, defined and limited by the sovereign territorial rights of the other relevant States (Mann,
“The Doctrine of Jurisdiction in International Law”, RdC, 1964, Vol. 1; Mann, “The Doctrine of
Jurisdiction in International Law, Twenty Years Later”, RdC, 1984, Vol. 1;
Bernhardt, Encyclopaedia of Public International Law, Edition 1997, Vol. 3, pp. 55-59 “Jurisdiction
of States” and Edition 1995, Vol. 2, pp. 337-343 “Extra-territorial Effects of Administrative,
Judicial and Legislative Acts”; Oppenheim’s International Law, 9th Edition 1992 (Jennings and
Watts), Vol. 1, § 137; P.M. Dupuy, Droit International Public, 4th Edition 1998, p. 61; and
Brownlie, Principles of International Law, 5th Edition 1998, pp. 287, 301 and 312-314).
60. Accordingly, for example, a State’s competence to exercise jurisdiction over its own
nationals abroad is subordinate to that State’s and other States’ territorial competence
(Higgins, Problems and Process (1994), at p. 73; and Nguyen Quoc Dinh, Droit International
Public, 6th Edition 1999 (Daillier and Pellet), p. 500). In addition, a State may not actually exercise
jurisdiction on the territory of another without the latter’s consent, invitation or acquiescence, unless
the former is an occupying State in which case it can be found to exercise jurisdiction in that
territory, at least in certain respects (Bernhardt, cited above, Vol. 3 at p. 59 and Vol. 2 at pp. 338340; Oppenheim, cited above, at § 137; P.M. Dupuy, cited above, at pp. 64-65; Brownlie, cited
above, at p. 313; Cassese, International Law, 2001, p. 89; and, most recently, the “Report on the
Preferential Treatment of National Minorities by their Kin-States” adopted by the Venice
Commission at its 48th Plenary Meeting, Venice, 19-20 October 2001).
61. The Court is of the view, therefore, that Article 1 of the Convention must be considered to
reflect this ordinary and essentially territorial notion of jurisdiction, other bases of jurisdiction being
exceptional and requiring special justification in the particular circumstances of each case
(see, mutatis mutandis and in general, Select Committee of Experts on Extraterritorial Criminal
Jurisdiction, European Committee on Crime Problems, Council of Europe, “Extraterritorial
Criminal Jurisdiction”, Report published in 1990, at pp. 8-30). 347

Thus, the ECtHR was of the view that ‘within their jurisdiction’, reflects “this ordinary and
essentially territorial notion of jurisdiction, other bases of jurisdiction being exceptional and
requiring special justification in the particular circumstances of each case”. 348 In other words,

344

Ibid., Article 1.
Bankovic and Others v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting States, European Court of Human Rights
(Application no. 52207/99), Grand Chamber Decision of 12 December 2001, paragraph 59.
346
Article 1, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended
by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950.
347
Bankovic and Others v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting States, European Court of Human Rights
(Application no. 52207/99), Grand Chamber Decision of 12 December 2001, paragraphs 59-61 (emphasis
original).
348
Ibid., paragraph 61.
345

45

Victoria Åkermarck
the ECtHR was of the opinion that the bombing of a foreign territory was insufficient for an
extraterritorial jurisdictional link to be established between the Serbian victims and the North
Atlantic Treaty Organization member states.349 Even though the Bankovic case was ruled
inadmissible by the ECtHR, the ECtHR “did not say that these countries could carry out human
rights violations with impunity outside their territory”,350 and the fact that the ECtHR held that
it lacked jurisdiction to hear the Bankovic case “the de facto result was that there were no Court
procedures available for the individuals in the case, where they had been adversely affected by
the actions of foreign states”.351 Thus, this procedural limitation of the ECHR resulted in
“impunity from legal redress for states”.352

The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) from 1966 contains a
jurisdictional clause similar to the one in the ECHR.353 In the ICCPR it is stated that states are
responsible “to respect and to ensure to all individuals within its territory and subject to its
jurisdiction” the rights set out in the convention. 354 Article 2(1) of the ICCPR is formulated in
a broad manner as ‘within its territory’ and ‘subject to its jurisdiction’ are separated by ‘and’,
due to this, these claims are to be interpreted separately. 355 The United Nations Human Rights
Committee (UNHRCm) in its General Comment 31 on Article 2, adopted on 26 May 2004,
further affirmed that jurisdiction is linked to the effective control and authority exercised by a
state also in an extraterritorial setting. 356 Furthermore, this implies the ICCPR is to be applied
to persons that are inside the territory of a state or subject to its jurisdiction. This interpretation
has also been supported by the ICJ. 357 When comparing the ECHR and the ICCPR to the CAT,

349

Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 12.
350
Skogly, “Extraterritoriality: universal human rights without universal obligations?” in Joseph and McBeth
(eds.), 2011, p. 94.
351
Ibid., p. 94 (emphasis original).
352
Ibid., p. 94 and McGregor, “Torture and State Immunity: Deflecting Impunity, Distorting Sovereignty”, The
European Journal of International Law 2008, Vol. 18, No. 5, p. 912: “As such, procedural rules cannot be used to
evade substantive obligations, as this would defeat the core basis for jus cogens norms such as the prohibition of
torture, by facilitating unlawful derogation”.
353
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966.
354
Article 2(1), International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966.
355
Ibid., Article 2(1) and Skogly, “Extraterritoriality: universal human rights without universal obligations?” in
Joseph and McBeth (eds.), 2011, pp. 90-93.
356
UN Human Rights Committee General Comment No. 31: The Nature of the General Legal Obligations Imposed
on States Parties to the Covenant (Art. 2), 26 May 2004, UN doc. CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add. 13, paragraph 10.
357
Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory (Advisory Opinion 9
July 2004), ICJ Reports 2004, p. 136, paragraphs 106-113 and Armed Activities on the Territory of the Congo
(Democratic Republic of the Congo v. Uganda), Judgement of 19 December 2005, ICJ Reports 2005, p. 168,
paragraphs 216-217.

46

Victoria Åkermarck
one can see the link between territory and jurisdiction is most clear in the CAT,358 as it uses the
wording “in any territory under its jurisdiction” in several articles. 359

3.2.4. The Principles of Subjective and Objective Territoriality
Territoriality can be subjective or objective. Subjective territoriality comprehends that at the
time of the conduct the accused perpetrator is present in the territory. 360 Subjective territoriality
creates jurisdiction over crimes initiated or started within the state, even when and if completed
or consummated in a foreign state.361 Whereas objective territoriality comprehends referring to
the jurisdiction of a state, when the conduct only partially occurred in that state’s territory. An
illustrative example for this is that of death on the territory of the forum, caused by firing a gun
across borders.362 In other words, objective territorial jurisdiction can be asserted in a situation
where a gun is fired in state A, but it causes injury in state B.

The principle of objective territoriality, or the effects doctrine, creates jurisdiction over crimes
when “any essential constituent element of a crime is consummated on the forum state’s
territory”.363 The principle of objective jurisdiction allows for states to exercise jurisdiction
when activities originate abroad but “have substantial, direct and foreseeable effects upon or in
its national territory”. 364 There are, however, other examples as well ,where the principle can
be employed to found jurisdiction in a case, 365 cases of conspiracy, 366 cases of immigration
law367 and cases of violations of antitrust,368 to name a few. It needs to be mentioned here that
under the law of the United States of America, claims of territoriality “can be based either on
local conduct or on sufficient local effects”,369 and “that effects within the territory of the United
358

Milanovic, 2011, p. 33.
Articles 2, 5, 11, 12, 13 and 16, Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment
or Punishment, 1984.
360
Crawford, 2012, p. 458.
361
Ibid., p. 458.
362
Ibid., p. 458.
363
Ibid., p. 458.
364
Cooreman, 2017, p. 92.
365
Crawford, 2012, p. 459.
366
Board of Trade v. Owen (AC 602), 29 January 1957, a conspiracy in England to commit an offence abroad is
not indictable in England when the unlawful means and ultimate objects are outside the jurisdiction, there are
exceptions, however. See also Connor, “Jurisdiction in Cases of Criminal Conspiracy”, JCL 1976, Vol. XL, No.
160, pp. 281-286.
367
See for comparison Naim Molwan v. Attorney General for Palestine (81 LI L Rep 277), 20 April 1948.
368
United States v Aluminium Company of America (148 F.2d 416 (2nd Cir, 1945)), 12 March 1945.
369
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 639.
359

47

Victoria Åkermarck
States constitute[d] a valid basis of legislative jurisdiction”, 370 as the cases mentioned in the
examples are by majority cases from the Supreme Court of the United States of America .

In the SS “Lotus”case, the principle of objective territory gained general support and the
principle of objective territorial jurisdiction was the basis for the majority view in the case. 371
Buxbaum has stated that objective territoriality can be invoked when it is needed “to argue that
the location of that conduct’s effect within a particular country is sufficient to give that country
jurisdiction to regulate”.372 In other words, Buxbaum refers to situations when “the government
of a nation in which defendant corporations are located […] may invoke the concept of
"extraterritoriality" to argue that the regulating country would overstep its authority if it applied
its laws to foreign conduct”.373 In prescriptive jurisdiction, the effects doctrine can be invoked
when extraterritorial offences cause harmful effects in the prescribing state while not matching
the criteria for territorial jurisdiction or when the harmful effect is not “sufficiently vital to the
internal or external security of the state in question” in order to pleading of the protective
principle to be justified.374 The effects doctrine is controversial, yet not objectionable in all
cases. 375 This doctrine can be said to have grown out from the objective territoriality principle
and concerns situations when no “constituent element of the offence takes place within the
territory of the prescribing state”.376 In spite of the fact that the effects doctrine can be very
controversial in some areas, like in the field of antitrust and competition law, in some other
370

Ibid., p. 643.
Crawford, 2012, p. 459 and S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International Justice
(Series A. No. 10), 7 September 1927, pages: 5, 18, 19, 25. S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent
Court of International Justice (Series A. No. 10), 7 September 1927, pp. 18-19: “Now the first and foremost
restriction imposed by international law upon a State is that-failing the existence of a permissive rule to the
contrary-it may not exercise its power in any form in the territory of another State. In this sense jurisdiction is
certainly territorial; it cannot be exercised by a State outside its territory except by virtue of a permissive rule
derived from international custom or from a convention”. And S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent
Court of International Justice (Series A. No. 10), 7 September 1927, p. 19:” It does not, however, follow that
international law prohibits a State from exercising jurisdiction in its own territory, in respect of any case which
relates to acts which have taken place abroad, and in which it cannot rely on some permissive rule of international
law. Such a view would only be tenable if international law contained a general prohibition to States to extend the
application of their laws and the jurisdiction of their courts to persons, property and acts 'outside their territory,
and if, as an exception to this general prohibition, it allowed States to do so in certain specific cases. But this is
certainly not the case under international law as it stands at present. Far from laying down a general prohibition to
the effect that States may not extend the application of their laws and the jurisdiction of their courts to persons,
property and acts outside their territory, it leaves them in this respect a wide measure of discretion which is only
limited in certain cases by prohibitive rules […] .“
372
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 635.
373
Ibid., p. 635.
374
Crawford, 2012, p. 463.
375
O’Keefe, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, JICJ 2004, Vol. 2, No. 3, p. 739.
376
Ibid., p. 739.
371

48

Victoria Åkermarck
areas extraterritorial prescriptive jurisdiction based on the effects doctrine can be established as
uncontroversial in relation to certain offences, like inchoate conspiracies to murder and import
of illegal drugs.377

When combined, the principle of subjective territoriality and the principle of objective
territoriality, in situations of crimes occurring across borders, give the effect of both states
having jurisdiction over the case matter.378 In a situation where a state’s conduct effects multiple
states, then there is a possibility of rivalling jurisdictions. Multiple jurisdictional competence is
common, as there is a lack of “natural regulator”,379 hence, there are no assumptions that
persons or even corporations or states will only be regulated once. 380 Naturally, situations where
more than only one state wishes to regulate a situation and thus sees the situation under its
particular jurisdiction do occur.381

3.2.5. The Principle of Nationality
Nationality has generally been recognised as a basis for extraterritorial jurisdiction and it has
so been done in various cases.382 Nationality has been used as evidence of allegiance and as an
aspect of sovereignty.383 The principle of nationality is besides this also referred to as the active
personality principle. 384 When claiming for nationality jurisdiction, “it is often asserted that the
person over whom the state purports to exercise its prescriptive jurisdiction must have been a
national at the time of the offence”, 385 in other words, the offender must have been a national
at the time when the offence was committed. According to Higgins “the idea of a duty to punish
nationals who harm foreigners finds much support”.386 The most problematic aspect of
exercising jurisdiction based on the principle of nationality, is to determine and identify “who
377

Ibid., p. 739 and Crawford, 2012, pp. 462-463.
Crawford, 2012, p. 458.
379
Ibid., p. 457.
380
Ibid., p. 457.
381
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 642.
382
See Ryngaert, 2015 and S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International Justice
(Series A. No. 10), 7 September 1927, pp. 22-23: “This being so, the Court does not think it necessary to consider
the contention that a State cannot punish offences committed abroad by a foreigner simply by reason of the
nationality of the victim. For this contention only relates to the case where the nationality of the victim is the only
criterion on which the criminal jurisdiction of the State is based.”.
383
Crawford, 2012, pp. 459-460.
384
Milanovic, 2011, p. 24.
385
Crawford, 2012, p. 460.
386
Higgins, 1994, p. 157.
378

49

Victoria Åkermarck
is a national abroad”.387 Crawford states that nationality is a common basis for jurisdiction,388
and that in the modern era, the view on relation of nationality provides a “basis for responsibility
and protection”, 389 not however, completely in the same manner as de Vattel expressed it in the
18th century: “ [q]uiconque maltraite un citoyen offense indirectement l’Etat, qui doit protéger
ce citoyen”.390 According to de Vattel, the link was indirect, as not any harm to a foreigner
could be said to constitute an injury to the aliens’ state as such. 391 The link of nationality,
however, authorises a state to exercise jurisdiction.

3.2.6. The Principle of Passive Personality and the Principle of Protection or Security
According to the somewhat controversial and much criticised general basis of jurisdiction,
namely the principle of passive personality or passive nationality, aliens or foreigners “may be
punished for acts abroad harmful to nationals of the forum”. 392 In other words, exercise of
jurisdiction on the basis of the passive personality principle is to exercise jurisdiction on the
“basis of harm to a national while abroad”,393 as the principle “recognizes that each state has a
legitimate interest in protecting the safety of its citizens when they journey outside national
boundaries".394 By way of example, a national of state A commits an act of crime in state B
against a national of state C, and then by use of the passive personality principle state C has
jurisdiction in the matter. The passive personality principle concentrates primarily on the effects
of the conducted crime rather than territory or nationality. 395 The passive personality principle
can be said to have caused more controversy than the principles of nationality or territoriality,
as it is perceived as somewhat aggressive. 396 The S.S. “Lotus” case demonstrated
comprehensive exercise of passive personality jurisdiction, as punishment of acts conducted

387

Ibid., p. 73 (emphasis original).
Crawford, 2012, pp. 459-460.
389
Ibid., p. 607.
390
De Vattel, 1758, Livre II, Chapitre VI, Paragraphe 71. An English translation, by Chitty, in Law of Nations,
1872, of de Vattels doctrine: ”Whoever uses a citizen ill, indirectly offends the state, which is bound to protect
this citizen”.
391
De Vattel, 1758, Livre II, Chapitre VI, Paragraphe 71 and Crawford, 2012, p. 607.
392
Crawford, 2012, p. 461, for more information regarding the principle of passive personality and caselaw, see
S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International Justice (Series A. No. 10), 7 September
1927, see also United States of America v. Fawaz Yunis (681 F. Supp. 896 (DDC 1988) Case no. 89-3208), 12
February 1988 and Cutting, U.S. Department of State (1887 Foreign Relations 751 (1888)).
393
Higgins, 1994, p. 74.
394
McCarthy, “The Passive Personality Principle and Its Use in Combatting International Terrorism”, Fordham
International Law Journal 1989, Vol. 13, No. 3, p. 301.
395
Ibid., p. 301.
396
Cooreman, 2017, p. 93.
388

50

Victoria Åkermarck
abroad, against persons of Turkish nationality, were provided by the Turkish penal code.397
Although controversial, the principle of passive personality has still managed to reach a socalled condition of consensus on the use of passive personality, that is, cases much of the time
linked to international terrorism. 398 The protective or security principle of jurisdiction is rather
open and wide, often invoked by various reasons as almost all states assume jurisdiction for
acts conducted abroad which endanger and affect the internal or external security of their state
as well as other key interests of states. 399

3.2.7. The Principle of Universality
Apart from national jurisdiction, international jurisdiction and universal jurisdiction can be
distinguished as distinct fields of jurisdiction. 400 According to O’Keefe universal jurisdiction
can be defined in the following way:
universal jurisdiction can be defined as prescriptive jurisdiction over offences committed abroad by
persons who, at the time of the commission, are non-resident aliens, where such offences are not
deemed to constitute threats to the fundamental interests of the prescribing state or, in appropriate
cases, to give rise to effects within its territory. 401

International jurisdiction is not to be considered as the equivalent of universal jurisdiction, thus,
international jurisdiction is “jurisdiction over international crimes as exercised by international
tribunals”,402 and universal jurisdiction “is national jurisdiction over international crimes”. 403
Universal jurisdiction can, hence, be said to be a form of prescriptive jurisdiction. 404 Crawford
has stated that “universal jurisdiction is defined by the character of the crime concerned, rather

397

See Crawford, 2012, p. 461 and S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International
Justice (Series A. No. 10), 7 September 1927.
398
See for example Arrest Warrant (Democratic Republic of the Congo v. Belgium) (ICJ Reports 2002, p. 3),
Judgment of 11 April 2000, Joint Separate Opinion of Judges Higgins, Kooijmans and Buergenthal, pp. 76-77:
“The contemporary trends, reflecting international relations as they stand at the beginning of the new century, are
striking. The movement is towards bases of jurisdiction other than territoriality. "Effects" or "impact" jurisdiction
is embraced both by the United States and, with certain qualifications, by the European Union. Passive personality
jurisdiction, for so long regarded as controversial, is now reflected not only in the legislation of various countries
[…] and today meets with relatively little opposition, at least so far as a particular category of offences is
concerned”. See also Crawford, 2012, p. 461.
399
Crawford, 2012, p. 462 and O’Keefe, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, JICJ 2004, Vol.
2, No. 3, p. 739.
400
Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 47.
401
O’Keefe, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, JICJ 2004, Vol. 2, No. 3, p. 745.
402
Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 47.
403
Ibid., p. 47.
404
O’Keefe, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, JICJ 2004, Vol. 2, No. 3, pp. 735-736.

51

Victoria Åkermarck
than by the presence of some kind of nexus to the prescribing state”.405 Universal jurisdiction
is permitted by international law in regard to certain offences against the international
community, in other words, the nature of the act committed authorises a state to exercise its
jurisdiction and to apply its laws regardless of the fact that the act has occurred outside its
territory, even though the act has been conducted by a non-national and no national(s) were
harmed by the act.406 Crimes subject to universal jurisdiction in contemporary times are
particularly heinous crimes that might pose a threat to international peace and order, 407 the socalled “core crimes” of CIL, 408 namely genocide, 409 crimes against humanity, war crimes, and
especially grave breaches of the Hague Conventions of 1907 and of the Geneva Conventions
of 1949.410 Another crime likely to being subject to universal jurisdiction is torture within the
meaning of the CAT of 1984.411 The ICC has a special role when concerning both universal
and international jurisdiction, in some cases “[t]he ICC might urge States to refrain from
exercising universal jurisdiction in cases that national courts are unable to adequately prosecute
and that the ICC is purportedly better placed to address”. 412 Simultaneously, the ICC as an
institution, has power when it comes to “matters of enforcement of international humanitarian
law”. 413 However, the ICC may not always have jurisdiction, in cases occurred before the entry
into force of the ICC Statute (1st of July 2002),414 as well as crimes committed outside the
territory of any ICC member state nor committed by a national of the ICC state parties,
consequently, states exercise jurisdiction over such IHL crimes. 415 The ICC may only exercise
jurisdiction on the basis of the principles of territory and nationality, consequently the ICC may
not exercise jurisdiction based on the principle of passive personality. 416A strong prima facie

405

Crawford, 2012, p. 467.
Higgins, 1994, pp. 56-57.
407
Cooreman, 2017, p. 95.
408
Ryngaert, 2015.
409
Schabas, “National Courts Finally Begin to Prosecute Genocide, the ‘Crime of Crimes’”, JICJ 2003, Vol. 1,
No. 1, pp. 39-63.
410
Higgins, 1994.
411
Cassese, 2008 and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment, 1984.
412
Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 51.
413
Ibid., p. 51: “National courts of States Parties to the Rome Statute should accept that the ICC has henceforth
the last word in matters of enforcement of international humanitarian law”.
414
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998.
415
Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 78.
416
Article 12, Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 1998.
406

52

Victoria Åkermarck
case for exercise of universal jurisdiction by a particular state can be motivated when “a person
suspected of having committed an international crime is found in the territory” of that state. 417

The principle of aut dedere aut judicare is present in various international treaties concerning
international crimes, 418 this principle contains the requirement of states to “prosecute the
alleged offender who is present in their own territory” or if the perpetrator is not prosecuted,
the perpetrator should be extradited.419 The mention of the principle of aut dedere aut judicare
in international conventions and treaties confirms the international opinion that states
themselves are enough equipped to address international crimes in an adequate manner, via
universal jurisdiction, when and if the supposed offender can be found in the territory of a
state.420 The principle of aut dedere aut judicare only applies to individuals and only when the
perpetrator is present in the territory of the state that is exercising universal jurisdiction. 421
When it comes to the core crimes of human rights, universal jurisdiction can be applied
according to CIL.422 Universal jurisdiction in absentia is nevertheless controversial and it might
give rise to situations of conflict “as any State is entitled to assert its jurisdiction”. 423 Hence, it
is most times of no use for states to initiate investigations and prosecutions in absentia,

417

Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 52.
418
Extract from Articles 49, 50, 129 and 146 of the four Geneva Conventions, 1949: ”Each High Contracting Party
shall be under the obligation to search for persons alleged to have committed, or to have ordered to be committed,
such grave breaches, and shall bring such persons, regardless of their nationality, before its own courts. It may
also, if it prefers, and in accordance with the provisions of its own legislation, hand such persons over for trial to
another High Contracting Party concerned, provided such High Contracting Party has made out a prima facie
case”. Article 7, Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment,
1984; Article 5 of the International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of Apartheid,
1973; Article 4 of the Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft, 1970; Article 5 of the
Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, 1971; Article 3 of the
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons including
Diplomatic Agents, 1973; and Article 5 of the International Convention against the Taking of Hostages, 1979 as
well as Article 49 of the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed
Forces in the Field, 1949; Article 50 of the Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick
and shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea, 1949; Article 126 of the Convention relative to the Treatment
of Prisoners of War, 1949; Article 146 of the Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of
War, 1949; and Article 85(1) of the Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and
Relating to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, 1977.
419
Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 52.
420
Ibid., p. 53, see also p. 57.
421
Ascensio, Extraterritoriality as an instrument, 2010, p. 3.
422
Ibid., p. 3.
423
Ryngaert, “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member States with the Support of the
European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, p. 54.

53

Victoria Åkermarck
especially so, when strong evidence of an extradition of the alleged offender are lacking and an
extradition seems nowhere being near even an eventual possibility. 424

3.3. Jurisdiction of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians
3.3.1. Similarities and Differences of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians
For the purpose of the subject of this thesis, that is, extraterritorial responsibility to protect
civilians, this chapter examines the similarities and differences of R2P and POC, in order to
distinguish where these two principles coincide. As mentioned in Chapter 2, R2P and POC
contain several similarities and mutual purposes. The two norms of international protection
overlap but are still separate principles. 425

In general, R2P is considered more controversial than POC, mainly because R2P is quite new
a concept of international law compared to POC. Historically, POC as a concept is older than
the principle of R2P, POC being codified and universalised already in the 1949 GCIV, whereas
R2P as a concept was introduced in 2001. 426 Additionally, military intervention causes debate
and is often experienced as highly questionable. 427 There is a close relationship between the
two principles, both principles originate from the same moral of common humanity, 428 and they
both “share the same concern – civilian suffering from mass human-induced violence”. 429 Both
R2P and POC rely on international policy and both principles demand for intervention. 430 Scope
and applicability are, however, different for the two principles. 431 The legal sources for R2P
and POC share both similarities and differences. For R2P all four Geneva Conventions and
their Additional Protocols are of relevance as the scope of R2P concerns the threat of war
crimes, also war crimes in intra-state armed conflicts, whereas for POC it is specifically the

424

Ibid., p. 56.
See Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 1-12.
426
See Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, 1949 and Report of the
International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect, 2001.
427
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 41.
428
Ibid., p. 41.
429
Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 1.
430
Ibid., p. 1.
431
Ibid., p. 4.
425

54

Victoria Åkermarck
GCIV which is of relevance.432 R2P covers ethnic cleansing and genocide, hence, international
human rights law (IHRL) concerning non-discrimination of ethnic minorities and the 1948
Genocide Convention are relevant for R2P.433 POC covers protection of children and therefore
the CRC and IHRL regarding prohibition of recruitment of children in armed forces may be
relevant for POC.434

Where POC requires a situation of armed conflict, R2P can be yielded also in a situation that is
not per se an armed conflict as both state failure or insurgency can be the situation at hand that
yields R2P.435 In other words, R2P “centres not on war, but on atrocity”. 436 Additionally, interstate armed conflict and intra-state armed conflict can yield R2P.437 Overall, POC can be
interpreted as broader,438 to give an example, by including protecting civilians also in postconflict situations.439 R2P contains the state obligation to protect the people within a state’s
jurisdiction against the crime of genocide, war crimes, crimes against humanity and ethnic
cleansing. Therefore, when a state fails to protect its people from these crimes, the international
community is to step in and protect. Situations of serious mass atrocities is when R2P is applied,
hence R2P renounces from covering other human rights violations, not to mention suffering
from natural disasters. When a state is deliberately unwilling to protect within its jurisdiction,
ignoring the suffering caused by a natural disaster and in this way prolonging and increasing
the suffering for its population, then application of R2P might be triggered. 440 Nevertheless,
within the frames of this example, of suffering initially caused by natural disaster and ignored

432

Wounded and sick combatants (GCI); shipwrecked combatants (GCII); prisoners of war (GCIII); civilians and
POC (GCIV); broadened protection of civilians and limitations of the means and methods of war (API); civilians
and civilian objects in NIAC (APII).
433
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 1948.
434
Convention on the Rights of the Child, 1989.
435
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, Basic Principle B), p. xi.
436
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 43.
437
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001, Basic Principles A) and B); World Summit Outcome Document, 24 October 2005, UN doc. A/RES/60/1,
paragraphs 138 and 139, see footnote 68 of this thesis.
438
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 41.
439
Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 2.
440
See Cyclone Nargis and the Responsibility to Protect – Myanmar/Burma Briefing No. 2, Asia-Pacific Centre
for the Responsibility to Protect, 2008.

55

Victoria Åkermarck
by the state and where there is a lack of evidence of a crime against humanity, application of
R2P is out of reach and other mechanisms of humanitarian assistance are to be applied. 441

R2P is only applicable to situations of mass atrocity crimes, namely genocide, war crimes,
ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. 442 Whereas POC can be applied to a spectrum of
violations of human rights during armed conflict and to post-conflict situations. R2P can, thus,
have a narrower scope of applicability than POC and preventive measures of R2P ought to be
“specified to address particular atrocity crimes”. 443 This, however, is subject to both debate and
discussion as in other situations the scope of POC can be narrower than the scope of R2P. By
way of example, the scope of POC is narrower than R2P when regarding war crimes; all war
crimes are not committed against civilians and as such those war crimes not committed against
civilians fall outside the scope of POC, but within the scope of R2P. R2P is applicable to all
war crimes, whereas POC, is inapplicable to all war crimes. When a war crime is committed
against anyone but a civilian, by way of example, prisoners of war, it would fall outside the
applicability of POC but within the applicability of R2P. The scope of R2P is narrower than
POC when regarding armed conflicts; R2P is applicable only in armed conflicts “in which mass
atrocities have been systematically planned and committed” whereas POC is applicable to every
armed conflict.444

Crimes against humanity, when committed during armed conflict and war crimes committed
against civilians fall within the scope of both R2P and POC.445 On the one hand, crimes against
humanity or ethnic cleansing that is lacking any link to an armed conflict, falls outside the scope
of POC but, within the scope of R2P. On the other hand, a situation which, for example, would
engage R2P but not POC is when there is “protection of civilians threatened from escalating
armed conflict” and neither mass atrocities are planned nor committed as part of that armed
conflict.446

441

Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 3-4.
442
World Summit Outcome Document, 24 October 2005, UN doc. A/RES/60/1, paragraphs 138 and 139, see
footnote 68 of this thesis.
443
Popovski, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians: ‘Sisters, but not Twins’”,
Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 4.
444
Ibid., p. 4.
445
Ibid., p. 4.
446
Ibid., p. 4.

56

Victoria Åkermarck

The two doctrines functioned as parallels when concerning the situation in Libya in 2011. The
UNSC Resolution 1970, adopted on 26 February 2011, regarding Libya, established that the
violations against the Libyan civilian population “may amount to crimes against humanity” and
established the applicability of R2P.447 Then, when the sanctions imposed against Libya were
unsuccessful in halting the violence against the civilian population, Resolution 1973 was passed
by the UNSC and adopted on the 17 March 2011.448 The UNSC Resolution 1973 repeated the
responsibility of Libya to protect its own population and it activated the POC.449 In this situation
all three pillars of R2P were met; failure to protect its population by evidence of state-engaged
activity in mass atrocities against its own population (Pillar 1), failure of measures by peaceful
means to restrain additional violations against the civilian population (Pillar 2) and international
preparedness to act via the UNSC and Chapter VII of the UN Charter (Pillar 3). 450

Large-scale, deliberate and systematic violations posed against civilians constitute the core
concern of the R2P doctrine, as well as of the principle of POC. Practice has evinced that when
there is a situation of immediate threat of atrocity crimes, then R2P is distinct as an initiative
for direct military action as a last resort, whereas POC permits direct application of military
action “against the military targets of the regime”. 451 POC “requires a fundamentally integrated
approach” where the relation between diplomacy, defence and development is different than
the traditional one.452

R2P and POC have a similar base for sharing of responsibilities. Both principles emphasise the
same view on primary responsibility of the state; both principles accentuate that the sovereign
state is the one with the primary responsibility to maintain and protect civilian life within the

447

Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 40, Resolution 1970, adopted
by the Security Council, 26 February 2011, UN doc. S/RES/1970.
448
Resolution 1973, adopted by the Security Council, 17 March 2011, UN doc. S/RES/1973.
449
Resolution 1973, adopted by the Security Council, 17 March 2011, UN doc. S/RES/1973. Breakey and Francis,
“Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational Relationships between R2P and
PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 40.
450
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 40.
451
Ibid., p. 48.
452
Smith, Whalan and Thomson, “The Protection of Civilians in UN Peacekeeping Operations: Recent
Developments”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 30.

57

Victoria Åkermarck
jurisdiction.453 R2P consists of three pillars of protection whereas POC consists of four main
forms or pillars, namely combatant POC, humanitarian POC, peacekeeping POC and Security
Council POC. 454

3.3.2. Criteria for Extraterritorial Jurisdiction
All exercise of jurisdiction that is not based on the principle of territoriality can then be stated
to be extraterritorial jurisdiction. 455 Extraterritorial jurisdiction can be interpreted as jurisdiction
“not exclusively territorial”. 456 However, the concept of extraterritorial jurisdiction is confusing
to some extent; the jurisdiction exercised is not fully extraterritorial as jurisdiction is asserted
to courts of a given state which are found within a given territory. 457

To an increasing amount, jurisdiction is exercised extraterritorially, in cases when the subject
in question so requires. 458 The increased amount of exercise of extraterritorial jurisdiction has
not, however, diminished the controversies coupled with it.459 Each time unlawful acts occur
abroad does not automatically mean application of domestic law by courts, even though courts
possess the possibility to apply domestic law to the matter.460 Solid justification and a proper
relation that connects the legitimate actual state of affairs with the jurisdiction that is to be
applied are prerequisites for exercise of extraterritorial jurisdiction according to Zalucki. 461
Two constituent components further need to be fulfilled for reasonable relation to be
established: “a close relation between a state exercising jurisdiction (intending to do so) and the

453

Sampford, “A Feuerbachian Inversion: From Sovereign Rights and Subjects Duties to Citizen Rights and
State Duties”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, p. 52.
454
Ibid., p. 56.
455
Higgins, 1994, p.73: ”To take a simple example, should an Islamic country wish its citizens to remain subject
to the prohibition on alcohol while abroad (even though they may lawfully drink under the laws of the country
they are visiting), it is at liberty to draw up its legislation in these terms and, if it wishes, bring deviant citizens to
trial upon their return home. But it would not be acceptable for the authorities of that country to endeavor to
enforce its law upon its own citizens within the territory of that other jurisdiction where they are residing.”
456
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 8 (emphasis original).
457
See Arrest Warrant (Democratic Republic of the Congo v. Belgium) (ICJ Reports 2002, p. 3), Judgment of 11
April 2000, in the separate opinion of Judges Higgins, Kooijmans and Buergenthal, the three judges believed it to
be more accurate to use the term “territorial jurisdiction over persons for extraterritorial events”. Paragraph 42 of
the ICJ, Joint Separate Opinion of Judges Higgins, Kooijmans and Buergenthal and see also Ryngaert, 2015, pp.
7-8.
458
See Ryngaert, 2015 and Cooreman, 2017, p. 85.
459
International Bar Association – Legal Practice Division, Report of the Task Force on Extraterritorial
Jurisdiction, 2009, p. 5.
460
Cooreman, 2017, p. 86.
461
Zalucki, “Extraterritorial Jurisdiction in International Law”, International Community Law Review, 2015, Vol.
17, No. 4-5, p. 403, pp. 409-410.

58

Victoria Åkermarck
actual state of affairs it is to be applied to” and a clear interest carried out in good faith in order
for the reasonable relation to be accepted by international law. 462 When examining
extraterritorial jurisdiction to protect, it can be difficult to argue for, or apply the reasonable
relation, as the motive to protect is often perceived as universal or vague.

Globalisation concerning banking and stock exchanges, technological development and the
growth of multinational corporations as well as the ease of doing business across borders has
led to both globalising crimes and globalising the counter-activity to reduce violations of
international law. 463 It might actually be questioned whether territoriality as a basis for
jurisdiction would not be abandoned when faced to the complexity of global transactions. 464
Nevertheless, as Buxbaum has pointed out, other approaches placing other than the principle of
territoriality at the centre, may likewise lead to international conflict.465 In the 21st century when
the world itself is a global unity, where individuals can travel across borders without difficulty
and companies and businesses function on a multinational basis, transnational criminal
activities have consequently led to states exercising extraterritorial jurisdiction to an everincreasing amount.466

Under the scheme of CIL, the principle of territoriality is regarded as the basic principle of
jurisdiction.467 Nevertheless, national laws can be given extraterritorial application when those
can be justified by one of the recognised principles of extraterritorial jurisdiction under PIL,
namely: the principle of active personality, the principle of passive personality, the principle of
protection or security and the principle of universal jurisdiction.468 When states wish to exercise
extraterritorial jurisdiction by application or enforcement of national laws extraterritorially, two
main questions arise, when may and when should a state have the possibility to regulate acts
462

Ibid., pp. 409-410.
International Bar Association – Legal Practice Division, Report of the Task Force on Extraterritorial
Jurisdiction, 2009, p. 5.
464
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
pp. 632-635. Proposal to abandon territoriality are grounded on “the lack of functionality of territory-based
jurisdictional theories in today’s economy” at p. 633, and in particular referring to Berman, “The Globalization of
Jurisdiction”, University of Pennsylvania Law Review 2002, Vol. 151, No. 2, p. 322.
465
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 666: “The more unlinked the sphere of regulatory authority is to geographical territory, however, the greater the
possibility of discord among neighbours”.
466
International Bar Association – Legal Practice Division, Report of the Task Force on Extraterritorial
Jurisdiction, 2009, p. 5.
467
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 101.
468
Ibid., p. 101.
463

59

Victoria Åkermarck
occurring outside its national territory and how should overlapping jurisdiction between two or
more states be solved and settled.469 There are various bases for extraterritorial jurisdiction
under international law: territory, effects and nationality. 470 Although, from a traditional point
of view territoriality has been viewed as the primary basis for jurisdiction. 471 There are,
however, conflicts within the discourse of extraterritorial and territorial jurisdiction and hence
the legal framework is differing and quite so state-bound, as the view on legislative jurisdiction,
when discussing extraterritorial and territorial jurisdiction, is different from state to state. 472 In
general, it can be said that continental European states are more prone to exercise extraterritorial
jurisdiction than common law countries, as common law countries have a tendency to focus its’
emphasis on the principle of territoriality. 473 The majority of continental European criminal
codes are contributed by provisions of classical principles of criminal jurisdiction and include
features of geographical provisions of the scope of application of domestic criminal laws. 474 In
general these criminal codes commonly state domestic criminal law to be applicable to all
offenses committed within the territory of the state.475 Ratione loci scope of application of
domestic laws attests to the important role of extraterritorial jurisdiction, that continental
European states “have reserved for extraterritorial criminal jurisdiction” by features of general
provisions in their criminal codes.476 Whereas criminal codes in common law countries, do not
feature introductory provisions on jurisdiction, thus only allowing extraterritorial jurisdiction
for specific offences, which might “be explained by the high premium that these countries put
on the territoriality principle”. 477 Nevertheless, the practices of extraterritorial jurisdiction in
continental Europe and in common law countries has “witnessed a convergence of practises”. 478

469

International Bar Association – Legal Practice Division, Report of the Task Force on Extraterritorial
Jurisdiction, 2009, p. 6.
470
Crawford, 2012, pp. 456-526.
471
Ibid., pp. 456-526.
472
Buxbaum, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”, AJCL 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3,
p. 669.
473
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 101.
474
Ibid., p. 101.
475
To give a few examples: Article 113-2 of the French Code Pénal: “La loi pénale française est applicable aux
infractions commises sur le territoire de la République”; Articles 3 and 4 of the Belgian Code Pénal, Article
3:“L'infraction commise sur le territoire du royaume, par des Belges ou par des étrangers, est punie conformément
aux dispositions des lois belges” and Article 4:”L'infraction commise hors du territoire du royaume, par des Belges
ou par des étrangers, n'est punie, en Belgique, que dans les cas déterminés par la loi.”
476
Ryngaert, 2015, p. 102.
477
Ibid., p. 102.
478
Ibid., p. 104.

60

Victoria Åkermarck
When it comes to extraterritorial jurisdictional links, there are varying examples. In its Cyprus
v. Turkey479 and Loizidou v. Turkey480 judgements, the ECtHR consented that as Turkey
exercised “effective control” of the so-called Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, 481 that is,
an area outside the national territory of Turkey, the obligation set forth in Article 1 of the ECHR
applied also to the so-called Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus and that an extraterritorial
jurisdictional link could be established based on the principle of territory. 482 The ECtHR
established that Turkey exercised effective control, and therefore borne the positive state
obligation to prevent violations of human rights. 483 In a similar way, in the case of Ilascu and
Others v. Moldova and Russia the ECtHR found there to be an extraterritorial jurisdictional
link between the Russian Federation and the territory of the Moldavian Republic of
Transdniestria as Russian authorities provided military, economic and political support.484
Consequently, the ECtHR concluded that the extraterritorial territory of the Moldavian
Republic of Transdniestria was under the effective control of the Russian Federation and hence
Russia was held responsible for the acts of violation. 485 In Öcalan v. Turkey486 the ECtHR
accepted that extraterritorial detention or arrest of a person by state agents, falls within the
jurisdiction of that arresting state, as the person is set under the effective authority and control
of that state via the arresting state agents.487 Thus, when the applicant was handed over to
Turkish state officials, by Kenyan state officials, the applicant was under the effective authority
of Turkey and thus within Turkish jurisdiction. 488 ‘Effective control’ and ‘effective overall

479

Cyprus v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 25781/94), Grand Chamber Judgement
of 10 May 2001.
480
Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 15318/89), Merits, Judgement of 18
December 1996.
481
Ibid., paragraph 62.
482
Ibid., paragraphs 52, 56 and 62. See especially paragraph 52: “[…] that under its established case-law the
concept of "jurisdiction" under Article 1 of the Convention (art. 1) is not restricted to the national territory of the
Contracting States. Accordingly, the responsibility of Contracting States can be involved by acts and omissions of
their authorities which produce effects outside their own territory. Of particular significance to the present case
the Court held, in conformity with the relevant principles of international law governing State responsibility, that
the responsibility of a Contracting Party could also arise when as a consequence of military action - whether lawful
or unlawful - it exercises effective control of an area outside its national territory. The obligation to secure, in such
an area, the rights and freedoms set out in the Convention, derives from the fact of such control whether it be
exercised directly, through its armed forces, or through a subordinate local administration”.
483
Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 15318/89), Merits, Judgement of 18
December 1996, paragraph 62. Milanovic, 2011, p. 47.
484
Ilascu and Others v. Moldova and Russia, European Court of Human Rights Grand Chamber Decision of 8
July 2004 (Application no. 48787/99), paragraphs 3, 137-161.
485
Ibid., paragraphs 310-321.
486
Öcalan v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 46221/99), Judgement of 12 May 2005.
487
Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 13.
488
Öcalan v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 46221/99), Judgement of 12 May 2005,
paragraph 91.

61

Victoria Åkermarck
control’ as interpreted in the Loizidou v. Turkey489 judgement are, thus, terminals for
determining state jurisdiction over a territory. 490

In Issa and Others v. Turkey,491 the ECtHR further affirmed that extraterritorial military action
does not necessary always constitute a link of extraterritorial jurisdiction. 492 This case
concerned a complaint of an “alleged unlawful arrest, detention, ill-treatment and subsequent
killing” of seven Iraqi nationals during “a military operation conducted by the Turkish army in
northern Iraq in April 1995”. 493 The application was brought both on the own behalf of the
applicants and on the behalf of the deceased relatives of the applicants. 494 A state can be held
accountable for violations conducted by its state agents operating outside the national territory,
as the violated person is put under the authority and control of the violating state.495 In Issa and
Others v. Turkey the ECtHR, though, held that “the applicants' relatives did not come within
the jurisdiction of the respondent State within the meaning of Article 1” of the ECHR and hence
the jurisdictional link was stated absent. 496

Under IHRL, extraterritoriality refers to constant respect of and protection of human rights, in
all actions and everywhere not only within the territory but also outside the territory of a state
and within the jurisdiction of the state.497 In an imagined situation, where a national of state A
commits an act of crime aboard an aircraft registered in state B against a citizen of state C, all
this when in the airspace of state D, all four states A, B, C and D may have jurisdiction. 498 States
A, B, C and D may have jurisdiction based on the principle of territoriality, the principle of
active personality or nationality, or the principle of passive personality. 499 Furthermore, if the
crime is of an international character that gives rise to universal jurisdiction, then every state
489

Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 15318/89), Merits, Judgement of 18
December 1996.
490
Milanovic, 2011, p. 53.
491
Issa and Others v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 31821/96), Judgement of 16
November 2004.
492
Ibid., paragraphs 55 and 65-82.
493
Ibid., paragraph 4.
494
Ibid., paragraphs 1 and 10.
495
Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 13.
496
Issa and Others v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 31821/96), Judgement of 16
November 2004, paragraph 82.
497
Cooreman, 2017, p. 110.
498
Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 21.
499
Ibid., p. 21.

62

Victoria Åkermarck
can have jurisdiction over the subject, no matter the lack of a nexus with the crime. 500 By way
of example, in a world of global economy, economic law, devious business practices and
fraudulent securities transactions may cause and produce effects that are worldwide, and
thereby cause effects-based jurisdiction to be exercised by several states.501 When states act
against the principles of human rights, violating its own population, then the international
community also has a responsibility to protect the civilian population according to the principle
of R2P.

Jurisdiction is one of the most controversial subjects when regarding extraterritorial state duties,
as it is crucial to determine who is entitled to exercise jurisdiction, i.e. which state is entitled to
exercise its domestic jurisdiction.502 Often it is impossible to determine where domestic
jurisdiction ends and where a foreign state’s jurisdiction commences, this adds to the
controversy of the concept of jurisdiction. 503 As seen in Chapter 3, regarding jurisdiction,
territory has been seen as the primary base for jurisdiction, and to some extent, it still is.
Whereas, when it comes to state obligations concerning human rights, the focus would need to
be on jurisdiction as the control over persons suffering from foreign state activity, rather than
on the narrow interpretation of jurisdiction as a synonym for territory.504

Overall, one can say there are several bases for exercising extraterritorial jurisdiction, the
principle of territoriality being the most traditional and the one the most often relied upon. The
grounds for exercising extraterritorial jurisdiction need to be grounded, either via a territorial
link, nationality, or there needs to be a sufficient nexus and meaningful connection between the
act conducted and the foundations for extraterritorial jurisdiction. 505 According to Crawford the
cardinal principle in determining which state has jurisdiction over a question, is about finding
a genuine connection between the subject-matter of jurisdiction and the territorial base or
reasonable interests of the state in question. 506

500

Ryngaert, 2015, p. 142.
Ibid., p. 142.
502
Skogly and Gibney, “Introduction” in Gibney and Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 4.
503
Ibid., p. 4.
504
Ibid., p. 4.
505
Cooreman, 2017, p. 91.
506
Crawford, 2012, p. 457.
501

63

Victoria Åkermarck
3.3.3. Respect of State Sovereignty and Exercise of Extraterritorial Jurisdiction
Sovereignty and jurisdiction walk side by side, jurisdiction by a state is entitled by its
sovereignty. 507 Under international law, the main actors are sovereign states, whereas uniform
legal personality and sovereignty grant states to be equal in legal terms, under the law of
nations, 508 par in parem non habet imperium. 509 States possess the highest power inside their
territory, as states possess exclusive jurisdiction over both their territory and their population.510
Human rights violations caused by objects subject to a foreign jurisdiction might cause conflict
as extraterritorial exercise of national state jurisdiction nevertheless has effects on the local
state. Often states refrain from exercising extraterritorial jurisdiction as exercise of
extraterritorial jurisdiction is perceived as intervention and in general, states are to avoid
interfering in other states internal affairs. 511 Extraterritorial intervention can cause worsened
international relations and it is often perceived as lack of respect for sovereignty. Hence, one
can say that “extraterritorial exercise of force inside another state infringes that state’s
jurisdictional monopoly of force within its borders” by the concept of sovereignty, 512 as
sovereignty is most often interpreted as implying “a right against interference or intervention
by any foreign (or international) power”.513

According to the principle of non-intervention, states are prohibited from intervening in
domestic affairs of other states.514 In order to intervene lawfully outside its own jurisdiction and
on another states’ territory, a state needs to have the consent of that other state.515 There are,

507

S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International Justice (Series A. No. 10), 7
September 1927, p. 19: “In these circumstances, all that can be required of a State is that it should not overstep the
limits which international law places upon its jurisdiction; within these limits, its title to exercise jurisdiction rests
in its sovereignty.”
508
Cooreman, 2017, pp. 84-85.
509
Higgins, 1994, pp. 78-79.
510
Crawford, 2012, p. 456 and Cooreman, 2017, pp. 84-85.
511
Article 2(4), Charter of the United Nations, 1945.
512
Colangelo, ”What Is Extraterritorial Jurisdiction”, Cornell Law Review 2014, Vol. 99, No. 6, p. 1311.
513
Jackson, “Sovereignty-Modern: A New Approach To An Outdated Concept”, AJIL 2003, Vol. 97, No. 4, p.
782.
514
The principle of non-intervention was primarily developed in a military context: the principle restrained states
from using force on the territory of another state. See the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning
Friendly Relations and Co-operation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations, UNGA
Resolution 2625 (XXV), 24 October 1970, UN doc. A/RES/2625 (A/8082), p. 123: “No State or group of States
has the right to intervene, directly or indirectly, for any reason whatever, in the internal or external affairs of any
other State. Consequently, armed intervention and all other forms of interference or attempted threats against the
personality of the State or against its political, economic and cultural elements, are in violation of international
law.”
515
Crawford, 2012, p. 447: “In practice the sovereignty of most states is sullied by consent – e.g. the consent of
UN member states that are not permanent members of the Security Council to be bound by the Council’s

64

Victoria Åkermarck
however, questions where this exclusivity of jurisdiction owing to state sovereignty, is not
granted to states. Treaty law renounces exclusive state jurisdiction, with the consent of states,
whereas jus cogens norms renounces exclusive state jurisdiction without state consent.516
Extraterritorial jurisdiction is increasingly exercised, although, states tend to hesitate to exercise
extraterritorial jurisdiction. The unwillingness to address extraterritorial issues could to some
extent be seen as limiting the states exertion to protect human rights. In a situation where pillar
three conditions of R2P are met, or in a situation of armed conflict and POC, then international
intervention becomes an international responsibility.

resolutions. The principle of consent has retained practical content more in some fields than in others, and more
in certain formal settings – e.g. the jurisdiction of the ICJ […].”
516
Crawford, 2012, pp. 448-449.

65

Victoria Åkermarck

4. Extraterritorial Responsibility to Protect Civilians in a Situation of Armed
Conflict
4.1. Extraterritorial Protection of Human Rights
4.1.1. Extraterritorial Application
This chapter focuses on extraterritorial responsibility of states to protect civilians in a situation
of armed conflict. The chapter will firstly discuss extraterritorial protection of civilians in
general, together with a discussion on extraterritorial application of human rights treaties, state
responsibility and effective overall control over territory. The chapter will conclude by
analysing the extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians in a situation of armed conflict.

Extraterritorial state obligations are posed on states by international human rights treaties.
International human rights treaties do, however, contain domestic state obligations. 517 In the
commentaries to the Draft articles on the Law of Treaties the ILC explained how the subjectmatter of a treaty is what demonstrates, if and how, rights and obligations apply territorially. 518
Human rights treaties apply to their state parties and therefore impose obligations to these.519
Additionally, human rights treaties create obligations between the state parties and between
states and individuals. 520 Consequently, extraterritorial application of a human rights treaty to
an individual comprehends and requires firstly that the state owe legal obligations to the
individual under that treaty, and secondly, that at the time when the alleged violation is
committed, the individual is physically located outside the territory of the state party
concerned. 521

When determining the applicability of state obligations to a particular activity, the question of
scope ratione materiae is addressed and whether the activity falls within this scope of the
obligations concerned.522 Duties of a state, or state obligations, are triggered when a state has

517

Skogly and Gibney, “Introduction” in Gibney and Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 4.
Draft Articles on the Law of Treaties with Commentaries, Yearbook of the International Law Commission,
1966, Vol. II, p. 213.
519
Milanovic, 2011, p. 7.
520
Ibid., p. 7.
521
Ibid., pp. 7-8.
522
Wilde, “Triggering State Obligations Extraterritorially: The Spatial Test in certain Human Rights Treaties”,
Israel Law Review, 2007, Vol. 40, No. 2, pp. 503-526.
518

66

Victoria Åkermarck
committed a breach of an international obligation, that is, an internationally wrongful act. 523
According to Nowak, “[u]nder contemporary human rights theory, all rights of human beings
entail corresponding obligations of states to respect and ensure such rights”.524 The obligation
to respect in this sense refers to the notion of states refraining from interference that is
unjustified, the obligation to ensure then refers to positive obligations of states to protect and
fulfil these rights.525 The obligation to protect refers to states avoiding human rights violations
and the obligation to fulfil refers to states taking all necessary positive legislative, judicial and
administrative measures to fulfil their state obligations and to ensure these rights are
implemented.526

The universal human rights of the UDHR have today become firmly established in legally
binding conventions, namely in the human rights treaties of the UN. 527 Similarly, states have
largely committed to humanitarian conventions, as the Geneva Conventions and the Hague
Conventions. Practice may not follow these human rights and humanitarian commitments,
however, these commitments have been made.528 There are also regional instruments declaring
respect of IHRL, like the ECHR,529 not to mention domestic law, where human rights are often
incorporated by Bills of Rights in constitutions. While “advocating universal enjoyment of
human rights, it does not make sense to limit the protection of human rights to national borders”
and therefore these need to be protected not only territorially but also extraterritorially. 530 The
four Geneva Conventions share in their first Article the wording “in all circumstances”, 531

523

Skogly and Gibney, “Introduction” in Gibney and Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 4.
Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 11. See also Nowak, 2003.
525
Nowak, “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial Perspective” in Gibney and
Skogly (eds.), 2010, p. 11.
526
Ibid., pp. 11-12.
527
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 1948; Convention relating to the
Status of Refugees, 1951; International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination,
1965; International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966; International Covenant on Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights, 1966; Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, 1979;
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, 1984; Convention
on the Rights of the Child, 1989; Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members
of Their Families, 1990; Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, 2006; Convention for the
Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, 2006.
528
Milanovic, 2011, p. 231.
529
See European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended by
Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950.
530
Skogly, “Extraterritoriality: universal human rights without universal obligations?” in Joseph and McBeth
(eds.), 2011, p. 96.
531
Article 1, GCI, GCII, GCIII, GCIV (Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and
Sick in Armed Forces in the Field, Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and
524

67

Victoria Åkermarck
meaning the articles of the four conventions are undertaken to be respected in any
circumstances by the contracting parties. Consequently, it is a “cause-and-effect” kind of
responsibility. 532 The kind of “cause-and-effect” responsibility included in the Geneva
Conventions, hence, applies also in an extraterritorial setting, as it allows for broad and
extensive jurisdiction.533 By way of comparison, Article 1 of the Geneva Conventions is broader
than what Article 1 of the ECHR or Article 2 of the ICCPR are, as there is no jurisdictional
clause in the four Geneva Conventions.534 Treaties comprehending IHL, have no jurisdictional
clauses, as these treaties are to protect vulnerable people in situations of armed conflicts.535

Similar state obligations as in Article 1 of the ECHR536 can be found in both the 1969 American
Convention on Human Rights (ACHR) 537 and in the 1981 African Charter on Human and
People’s Rights (ACHPR).538 In addition to the ECHR, the ACHR, the ACHPR and the ICCPR
there are also other international human rights instruments, as the International Covenant on
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR) and the CAT,539 that through their case law
share this view on application of extraterritorial jurisdiction in exceptional circumstances, that
is, when a state is regarded as having effective control or authority over a territory540 or actions

shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea, Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War,
Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War), 1949.
532
Bankovic and Others v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting States, European Court of Human Rights
(Application no. 52207/99), Grand Chamber Decision of 12 December 2001, paragraph 40.
533
Ibid., paragraph 40.
534
See Chapter 3.2.3. in this thesis regarding jurisdictional clauses of the ECHR and the ICCPR. Article 1, GCI,
GCII, GCIII, GCIV (Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces
in the Field, Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and shipwrecked Members of
Armed Forces at Sea, Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, Convention relative to the
Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War), 1949 and Article 1, European Convention for the Protection of
Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols
Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950.
535
Milanovic, 2011, pp. 17-18.
536
Article 1, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended
by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950.
537
Article 1, American Convention on Human Rights,1969.
538
Article 1, African Charter on Human and People’s Rights, 1981.
539
Article 1, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended
by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950; Article 1, American
Convention on Human Rights, 1969; Article 1, African Charter on Human and People’s Rights, 1981; Article 2,
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966; Article 2, International Covenant on Economic, Social
and Cultural Rights, 1966; and Article 2, Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment, 1984.
540
See Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application No. 15318/89), Preliminary Objections,
Judgment of 23 March 1995, paragraph 62; Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application
no. 15318/89), Merits, Judgement of 18 December 1996, paragraph 52; Cyprus v. Turkey, European Court of
Human Rights (Application no. 25781/94), Grand Chamber Judgement of 10 May 2001, paragraphs 75-77;
Bankovic and Others v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting States, European Court of Human Rights (Application
no. 52207/99), Grand Chamber Decision of 12 December 2001, paragraphs 70 and 75; Legal Consequences of the

68

Victoria Åkermarck
of non-state actors.541 Deprivation of life, by means of state power, in an area within the
effective control of the state, equals to the fact that human rights treaties are applicable. 542 In a
situation of armed conflict, when a state has occupied a territory with the use of force, then IHL
treaties apply simultaneously with IHRL treaties. 543

4.1.2. State Responsibility
The ILC has concluded rules for state responsibility in its report on Responsibility of States for
Internationally Wrongful Acts.544 The articles of the ILC report are non-binding, however, they
are seen as forming part of CIL. When a breach of a state’s international obligations can be
attributed to a particular state, then international responsibility can be incurred on this state
according to the ILC articles. 545 Article 2 demonstrates the situations that constitute state
responsibility and subparagraph 2(b) comprehends the interpretation of state jurisdiction in the

Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory (Advisory Opinion 9 July 2004), ICJ Reports 2004,
p. 136, paragraphs 107-113; Issa and Others v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application no.
31821/96), Judgement of 16 November 2004, paragraphs 69-70; and UN Human Rights Committee General
Comment No. 31: The Nature of the General Legal Obligations Imposed on States Parties to the Covenant (Art.
2), 26 May 2004, UN doc. CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add. 13, paragraph 10.
541
X. against the Federal Republic of Germany, European Commission of Human Rights (Application No.
1611/62), Plenary, Decision of 25 September 1965, p. 168; X. v. the United Kingdom, European Commission of
Human Rights (Application No. 7547/76), Plenary, Decision of 15 December 1977, pp. 73-75; Delia Saldias de
Lopez v. Uruguay (López Burgos v. Uruguay), United Nations Human Rights Committee, (Communication No.
52/1979), CCPR/C/13/D/52/1979, Views Adopted 29 July 1981, paragraph 12.3 and Individual opinion appended
to the Committee's views at the request of Mr. Christian Tomuschat: “Never was it envisaged, however, to grant
States parties unfettered discretionary power to carry out wilful and deliberate attacks against the freedom and
personal integrity of their citizens living abroad.”; Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua
(Nicaragua v. United States of America), Judgement of 27 June 1986, ICJ Reports 1986, p. 14; M. v. Denmark,
European Commission of Human Rights (Application No. 17392/90), Decision of 14 October 1992; The
Prosecutor v. Duško Tadic, International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia Appeals Chamber,
Decision on the Defence Motion for Interlocutory Appeal on Jurisdiction, 2 October 1995; Bankovic and Others
v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting States, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 52207/99), Grand
Chamber Decision of 12 December 2001, paragraph 75; Öcalan v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights
(Application no. 46221/99), Judgement of 12 May 2005, paragraphs 13-60; UN Human Rights Committee General
Comment No. 31: The Nature of the General Legal Obligations Imposed on States Parties to the Covenant (Art.
2), 26 May 2004, UN doc. CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add. 13, paragraph 10; Article 16-18, Report of the International
Law Commission on the work of its fifty-third session (23 April–1 June and 2 July–10 August 2001), Articles on
Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, adopted by the International Law Commission at its
fifty-third session, UN doc. A/56/10; Wilde, “Triggering State Obligations Extraterritorially: The Spatial Test in
certain Human Rights Treaties”, Israel Law Review, 2007, Vol. 40, No. 2, pp. 503-526; and Costa da, The
Extraterritorial Application of Selected Human Rights Treaties, 2012, pp. 12-14, 93-110, and 255-273.
542
Milanovic, 2011, p. 120.
543
Ibid., p. 141.
544
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its fifty-third session (23 April–1 June and 2 July–
10 August 2001), Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, adopted by the
International Law Commission at its fifty-third session, UN doc. A/56/10.
545
Article 2, Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, adopted by the International
Law Commission, 2001, UN doc. A/56/10.

69

Victoria Åkermarck
sense it is seen in human rights treaties. 546 The question this thesis aims to answer is, whether
states have an obligation to extraterritorially protect human rights, as in protecting civilians
extraterritorially, and how is it attributable to states to protect their nationals that suffer from
human rights violations abroad. Jurisdiction and attribution are not tantamount to each other,
even though both may give rise to state responsibility and both may be founded on the same
circumstances. 547

Article 4 of the ILC report defines when conduct is considered an act of the state.548 Article 5
further explains the significance of Article 4, by elucidating that conduct of a person or entity,
which exercises governmental authority can also be considered an act of that state. 549 Even
though acts would not fulfil the criteria of Article 4, the acts could be considered acting under
the effective control of that state. Article 8, still, indicates that acting under direction or control
of a state, it is to be considered an act of the state and it can, hence, engage state responsibility. 550
An act of violation needs to be attributable to the state in order for state responsibility to be
engaged for the state in question. Attribution can be tested through the concept of ‘effective
control’.

4.1.3. Effective Control
Effective control as a measure of power or influence, will be defined and discussed in this subchapter. Negative state obligations to respect human rights, have no territorial limitations,
whereas positive state obligations to protect human rights is limited to situations of ‘effective
control’. Effective control is defined as the total control over an area of territory. Milanovic has
defined effective control in the following way:
‘Effective control’ is also a homonym — there is the effective control test for the purposes of
attribution, as developed by the ICJ in Nicaragua; there is ‘effective control’ as sometimes used in
humanitarian law to describe the threshold of the beginning of a belligerent occupation of a territory;
there is effective (overall) control of an area as a test developed by the European Court for the
purpose of determining a state’s jurisdiction over territory; there is also effective control as used in
international criminal law to describe the relationship a superior has to have over a subordinate so
his command responsibility can be engaged.551

546

Ibid., Article 2. Milanovic, 2011, p. 51.
Milanovic, 2011, pp. 52-53.
548
Article 4, Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, adopted by the International
Law Commission, 2001, UN doc. A/56/10.
549
Ibid., Article 5.
550
Ibid., Article 8.
551
Milanovic, 2011, pp. 52-53.
547

70

Victoria Åkermarck

As demonstrated in Chapter 3 of this thesis regarding jurisdiction, jurisdiction is the factual
exercise of control and authority by a state. The right to exercise control and authority over a
specific territory, in international law, is established by sovereignty or title. A state may well
have sovereignty over a territory but not jurisdiction, which means that the state is lacking de
facto control over the specific territory.

Within the regional context of Europe, the ECtHR can hear complaints by individuals on
violations of the ECHR. The ECtHR’s mandate originates in the ECHR. Cases that have caused
debate regarding the extraterritorial application of the ECHR are among others Al-Skeini and
Others v. The United Kingdom, Bankovic and Loizidou. In the Al-Skeini case, the United
Kingdom breached its obligations under the ECHR as the United Kingdom failed to conduct
effective investigation into the deaths of six Iraqi civilians that were killed by soldiers from the
United Kingdom. The ECtHR found that the United Kingdom possessed obligations under
Article 1 of the ECHR that applied in Iraq, as the United Kingdom could be seen as having
effective control over the territory. Therefore, the United Kingdom possessed jurisdiction over
the territory, and consequently borne human rights obligations towards the individuals within
that said jurisdiction.552 According to Milanovic, the approach of the British court in the AlSkeini case was “unsatisfactory”, as there were no doubts that the killing of the six civilian
Iraqis was attributable to the United Kingdom.553 Milanovic further stated this approach could
be interpreted as imposing jurisdiction threshold on negative state obligation cases, where the
negative state obligation is to refrain from doing any harm. 554

By way of conclusion, it can be established that under international law, states can have
extraterritorial responsibilities. Application of effective control tests is, however, limited as
jurisprudence has demonstrated that extraterritorial effective control over territory or
individuals is possible in situations of state exercise of military or administrative control over
territory.555

552

Al-Skeini and Others v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 55721/07),
Judgement of 7 July 2011.
553
Milanovic, 2011, p. 51.
554
Ibid., p. 51.
555
See Al-Skeini and Others v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 55721/07),
Judgement of 7 July 2011, Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights (Application No. 15318/89),

71

Victoria Åkermarck

4.2. Extraterritorial Responsibility to Protect Civilians under Foreign State Jurisdiction
As seen previously in this thesis, the concept of R2P in itself, can to some degree be interpreted
as an extraterritorial norm. The main thought of the concept of R2P is to ensure protection of
civilians from atrocities, both by the national state, but where a state itself is unwilling or
uncapable of protecting its own civilians, by the international community, that is to step in and
provide protection.556 Similarly, POC is to a large extent an extraterritorial concept, as in most
cases it would be most contradictory that the national state would both violate its civilian
population, and simultaneously provide POC.

The ideal situation with regard to extraterritorial protection of human rights, is that all states
would within their jurisdiction protect human rights and also respect human rights everywhere,
as a consequence the rights of civilians would not be violated anywhere.557 This, however, does
not correspond to reality. All the same, where a state has de facto power over territory, it should
avoid violating the rights of the individuals situated within the territory. 558 When a civilian
person then is situated within the jurisdiction of a foreign state, who is to protect this civilian
in the occurrence of an armed conflict? As seen in this thesis, the R2P is an international norm
of protection that primarily lies in the hands of the national state, and secondly on the
international community. 559 However, the concept of extraterritorial responsibility to protect
civilians “challenges the traditional notions of jurisdiction, territory and state responsibility”.560
In international law, state jurisdiction is based on territory, sovereignty and control.561 As seen
in Chapter 3.2.2., jurisdiction can then be expressed through prescriptive, enforcement or
judicial acts. The notion of territory is vital for sovereignty and jurisdiction, as territory is the
Preliminary Objections, Judgment of 23 March 1995, Bankovic and Others v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting
States, European Court of Human Rights (Application no. 52207/99), Grand Chamber Decision of 12 December
2001.
556
See Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to
Protect, 2001 and Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009,
UN doc. A/63/677.
557
Roxstrom, Gibney and Einarsen, “The NATO Bombing Case (Bankovic et al. v. Belgium et al.) and the Limits
of Western Human Rights Protection”, Boston University International Law Journal 2005, Vol. 23, No. 1, p. 73.
558
Kamchibekova, “State Responsibility for Extraterritorial Human Rights Violations”, Buffalo Human Rights
Law Review 2007, Vol. 13, pp. 98-99.
559
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The Responsibility to Protect,
2001 and Report of the Secretary-General, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, 12 January 2009, UN doc.
A/63/677.
560
Kamchibekova, “State Responsibility for Extraterritorial Human Rights Violations”, Buffalo Human Rights
Law Review 2007, Vol. 13, pp. 87-88.
561
See Chapter 3 in this thesis.

72

Victoria Åkermarck
physical entity where the exercise of jurisdiction takes place. International human rights
treaties, like the ECHR, the ICCPR and the CAT, can be applied also in situations of
extraterritorial conduct.562 During an armed conflict, “human rights law continuously applies”,
whereas some human rights need to “be interpreted in the light of the lex specialis” of IHL.563

The state bears the primary responsibility to protect civilians within its territory and jurisdiction.
This primary responsibility to protect civilians extends to all persons present in the territory;
nationals, foreigners, visitors and so forth. In the occurrence of an armed conflict, this primary
responsibility to protect of the state continuously exists. Effective control equals to
extraterritorial application of jurisdiction, 564 additionally, nationality and effect can equal to
extraterritorial application of jurisdiction.565

562

Article 1, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, as amended
by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16, 1950, Article 2(1),
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966, Articles 2, 5, 11, 12, 13 and 16, Convention against
Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, 1984.
563
Kamchibekova, “State Responsibility for Extraterritorial Human Rights Violations”, Buffalo Human Rights
Law Review 2007, Vol. 13, p. 107 and UN Human Rights Committee General Comment No. 31: The Nature of
the General Legal Obligations Imposed on States Parties to the Covenant (Art. 2), 26 May 2004, UN doc.
CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add. 13, paragraph 11: “As implied in General Comment 291, the Covenant applies also in
situations of armed conflict to which the rules of international humanitarian law are applicable. While, in respect
of certain Covenant rights, more specific rules of international humanitarian law may be specially relevant for the
purposes of the interpretation of Covenant rights, both spheres of law are complementary, not mutually exclusive.”
564
Milanovic, 2011, pp. 52-53.
565
See Crawford, 2012, p. 458 and Ryngaert, 2015.

73

Victoria Åkermarck

5. Conclusion
This chapter concludes the findings of the research of this thesis regarding extraterritorial
responsibility to protect civilians in a situation of armed conflict. The research of this thesis has
aimed at providing answers to the research questions posed in the introductory chapter and has
been carried out in the following manner.

Firstly, R2P and POC has been discussed and analysed, providing for the detailed background
and conceptual frameworks of these two norms of protection. R2P demonstrably has developed
rapidly, from a conscientious concept to a universal political commitment to protect civilian
populations from genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. As
demonstrated in Chapter 2, R2P is supported by the principle of international responsibility to
protect. The primary R2P, however, lies at the national state, but where a state fails to provide
protection from atrocities for its civilian population, then the international community has
obligations to provide protection for these civilians violated by national state activity or foreign
state activity. Pillar one R2P is anchored in IHRL and IHL as a legal norm, whereas the legal
status of pillar two and three R2P is less evident, notwithstanding the fact that states are no
longer allowed to stand by as passive observers when facing mass atrocity crimes. POC
originates from IHL, although it to an increasing amount comprises much more than application
of IHL. POC has become a policy commitment of the UNSC as well as of peacekeeping
mandates and of humanitarian organisations. The two doctrines have become increasingly
closer to each other since the beginning of the 21st century, as a consequence of support of R2P
and the role of POC in peacekeeping mandates.566 R2P and POC share the same values of
providing protection to civilians in the face of mass atrocity crimes and both principles share
normative, operational and institutional standpoints, the two principles are not, however,
synonyms. 567 As demonstrated in this thesis, R2P and POC share similarities when regarding
origin, evolution, scope of applicability, structure, legal basis and actors. These both norms of
protection also initiate negative and positive state obligations. Both R2P and POC, are
mandated to use of military force as a last resort, with the pronunciation focused on ‘as a last
resort’, as R2P and POC in a pacific manner have the capacity to ensure protection from

566

Smith, Whalan and Thomson, “The Protection of Civilians in UN Peacekeeping Operations: Recent
Developments”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4.
567
Breakey and Francis, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative, Institutional and Operational
Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4.

74

Victoria Åkermarck
humanitarian crises. Distinctive elements of R2P and POC are their applicability. R2P is
applicable to genocide, war crimes, ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity, whereas
POC applies to any violation committed in a situation of armed conflict and even to postconflict situations. R2P is, thus, applicable irrespective of acts having been committed during
an armed conflict or in times of peace. The two principles overlap and support each other, in
providing protection to vulnerable populations. Both R2P and POC are primarily national
within the jurisdiction of the territorial state. However, R2P and POC are simultaneously
international responsibilities.

Secondly, the jurisdictional foundation for extraterritorial R2P civilians has been demonstrated.
There are multiple bases for jurisdiction, the principle of territory still being the principle the
most often relied upon. The extraterritorial responsibility to protect civilians is founded on the
humanitarian principle to protect the most vulnerable and on jurisdiction as responsibility, as
states bear an obligation to ensure protection of human rights within their jurisdiction. Contrary
to the principle of non-intervention, extraterritorial R2P and POC rely upon the universal
commitment to protect and on the view that sovereignty equals to responsibility. The principle
of non-intervention can be a prohibitive incentive on the R2P.

Thirdly, through international human rights treaties, states have a constant obligation to protect.
This obligation to protect includes extraterritorial protection, as states have an obligation to
respect and secure human rights at all times, which has been interpreted to comply also to
situations of extraterritoriality. Consequently, when a state is in a position of effective control
over an area, that state has human rights obligations towards the civilian population in that
specific area, be it nationals or non-nationals.

Finally, this thesis takes the view that through IHL, IHRL and international treaties regarding
protection of civilians in a situation of extraterritoriality, extraterritorial protection of civilians
could be respected and afforded within the international community. Through the adoption of
instruments of human rights and through the efficient translation from treaties into practice,
extraterritorial rights of civilians could effectively be upheld and guaranteed to civilian
populations during a situation of armed conflict. Generally, this thesis has aimed at uncovering
the role of the state and the international community in the discussion regarding R2P and

75

Victoria Åkermarck
protection of the civilian population by POC rights also for civilians that are under the
jurisdiction of a foreign state.

76

Victoria Åkermarck

BIBLIOGRAPHY
MONOGRAPHS, CHAPTERS IN MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES
Ascensio Hervé, Contribution to the work of the UN Secretary-General’s Special
Representative on human rights and transnational corporations and other businesses,
Extraterritoriality as an instrument, 2010.
Bailliet M. Cecilia, “Introduction” in Bailliet M. Cecilia (ed.), Security – A Multidisciplinary
Normative Approach, Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2009.
Berman Schiff Paul, “The Globalization of Jurisdiction”, University of Pennsylvania Law
Review 2002, Vol. 151, No. 2, pp. 311- 546.
Breakey Hugh, “The responsibility to protect: Game change and regime change”, pp. 11- in
Francis Angus, Popovski Vesselin and Sampford Charles (eds.), Norms of Protection:
Responsibility to Protect, Protection of Civilians and Their Interaction, United Nations
University Press, 2012.
Breakey Hugh and Francis Angus, “Points of Convergence and Divergence: Normative,
Institutional and Operational Relationships between R2P and PoC”, Security Challenges 2011,
Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 39-50.
Buxbaum L. Hannah, “Territory, Territoriality and the Resolution of Jurisdictional Conflict”,
American Journal of Comparative Law 2009, Vol. 57, No. 3, pp. 631-675.
Cassese Antonio (1), “The Geneva Protocols of 1977 on the Humanitarian Law of Armed
Conflict and Customary International Law”, UCLA Pacific Basin Law Journal 1984, Vol. 3,
No. 1-2, pp. 57-118.
Cassese Antonio (2), International Criminal Law, Oxford; New York: Oxford University Press,
2008.
Chapman R. Audrey and Carbonetti Benjamin, “Human Rights Protection for Vulnerable and
Disadvantaged Groups: The Contributions of the UN Committee on Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights”, Human Rights Quarterly 2011, Vol. 33, No. 3, pp. 682-732.
Colangelo J. Anthony, ”What Is Extraterritorial Jurisdiction”, Cornell Law Review 2014, Vol.
99, No. 6, pp. 1303-1352.
Connor Jeremy, “Jurisdiction in Cases of Criminal Conspiracy”, Journal of Criminal Law 1976,
Vol. XL, No. 160, pp. 281-286.
vi

Victoria Åkermarck
Cooreman Barbara, Global Environmental Protection trough Trade, A Systematic Approach to
Extraterritoriality, Cheltenham: Edward Elgar Publishing Limited, 2017.
Costa da Karen, The Extraterritorial Application of Selected Human Rights Treaties, Leiden,
Boston: Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2012.
Crawford James, Brownlie’s Principles of Public International Law, 8th Edition, Oxford:
Oxford University Press, 2012.
Dahl W. Arne, “Foreword” in Bailliet M. Cecilia (ed.), Security – A Multidisciplinary
Normative Approach, Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2009.
Deng M. Francis (ed.) Sovereignty as Responsibility: Conflict Management in Africa,
Washington DC: Brookings Institution Press, 1996.
Durham Helen and Wynn-Pope Phoebe, “The relationship between international humanitarian
law and responsibility to protect: From Solferino to Srebrenica” in Francis Angus, Popovski
Vesselin and Sampford Charles (eds.), Norms of Protection: Responsibility to Protect,
Protection of Civilians and Their Interaction, United Nations University Press, 2012.
Evans Gareth, “From Humanitarian Intervention to the Responsibility to Protect”, Wisconsin
International Law Journal 2006, Vol. 24, No. 3, pp. 703-722.
Ferris Elizabeth, The Politics of Protection, Washington DC: Brookings Institution Press, 2011.
Ferris Elizabeth and Kirisci Kemal, The Consequences of Chaos – Syria’s Humanitarian Crisis
and the Failure to Protect, Washington DC: Brookings Institution Press, 2016.
Francis Angus and Sampford Charles “Introduction” in Francis Angus, Popovski Vesselin and
Sampford Charles (eds.), Norms of Protection: Responsibility to Protect, Protection of
Civilians and Their Interaction, United Nations University Press, 2012.
Glover Jonathan, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century, New Haven: Yale
University Press, 1996.
Henckaerts Jean-Marie, “Assessing the Laws and Customs of War: The Publication of
Customary International Humanitarian Law”, Human Rights Brief 2006, Vol. 13, No. 2, pp. 812.
Henckaerts Jean-Marie, and Doswald-Beck Louise (eds.) Customary International
Humanitarian Law, Volume I, Rules. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2005.

vii

Victoria Åkermarck
Higgins Rosalyn, Problems and Process: International Law and How We Use It, Oxford:
Clarendon Press, 1994.
Hudson O. Manley, World Court Reports, A Collection of the Judgements, Orders and Opinions
of the Permanent Court of Justice, Volume II, 1927-1932, Concord: The Rumford Press, 1935.
Jackson H. John, “Sovereignty-Modern: A New Approach To An Outdated Concept”,
American Journal of International Law 2003, Vol. 97, No. 4, pp. 782-802.
Kamchibekova Damira, “State Responsibility for Extraterritorial Human Rights Violations”,
Buffalo Human Rights Law Review 2007, Vol. 13, pp. 87-149.
Kolb Robert and Hyde Richard, An Introduction to the International Law of Armed Conflicts,
Oxford: Hart Publishing, 2008.
McCarthy G. John, “The Passive Personality Principle and Its Use in Combatting International
Terrorism”, Fordham International Law Journal 1989, Vol. 13, No. 3, pp. 298-327.
McGregor Lorna, “Torture and State Immunity: Deflecting Impunity, Distorting Sovereignty”,
The European Journal of International Law 2008, Vol. 18, No. 5, pp. 903-919.
Milanovic Marko, Extraterritorial Application of Human Rights Treaties – Law, Principles and
Policy, Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2011.
Murphy Ray, “Peacekeeping in Lebanon and Civilian Protection”, Journal of Conflict and
Security Law 2012, Vol. 17, No. 3, pp. 373-402.
Nishimura Hayashi Mika, “The Principle of Civilian Protection and Contemporary Warfare” in
Hensel M. Howard (ed.), The Law of Armed Conflict – Constraints on the Contemporary Use
of Military Force, Hampshire: Ashgate Publishing Limited 2005.
Nowak Manfred (1), Introduction to the International Human Rights Regime, The Hague:
Martinus Nijhoff, 2003.
Nowak Manfred (2), “Obligations of States to Prevent and Prohibit Torture in an Extraterritorial
Perspective” in Gibney Mark and Skogly Sigrun (eds.), Universal Human Rights and
Extraterritorial Obligations, Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2010.
O’Keefe Roger, “Universal Jurisdiction – Clarifying the Basic Concept”, Journal of
International Criminal Justice 2004, Vol. 2, No. 3, pp. 735-760.
Orchard Phil, "The Perils of Humanitarianism: Refugee and IDP Protection in Situations of
Regime-Induced Displacement", Refugee Survey Quarterly 2010, Vol. 29, No. 1, pp. 38-60.

viii

Victoria Åkermarck
Popovski Vesselin, “The Concepts of Responsibility to Protect and Protection of Civilians:
‘Sisters, but not Twins’”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 1-12.
Roxstrom Erik, Gibney Mark and Einarsen Terje, “The NATO Bombing Case (Bankovic et al.
v. Belgium et al.) and the Limits of Western Human Rights Protection”, Boston University
International Law Journal 2005, Vol. 23, No. 1, pp. 55-136.
Ryngaert Cedric (1), “Universal Jurisdiction in an ICC Era: A Role to Play for EU Member
States with the Support of the European Union”, European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law
and Criminal Justice 2006, Vol. 14, No. 1, pp. 46-80.
Ryngaert Cedric (2), Jurisdiction in International Law, 2nd Edition, Oxford: Oxford University
Press, 2015.
Sampford Charles, “A Feuerbachian Inversion: From Sovereign Rights and Subjects Duties
to Citizen Rights and State Duties”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp. 51-60.
Sassòli Marco, “The Concept of Security in International Law Relating to Armed Conflicts” in
Bailliet M. Cecilia (ed.), Security – A Multidisciplinary Normative Approach, Leiden: Martinus
Nijhoff Publishers, 2009.
Schabas A. William, “National Courts Finally Begin to Prosecute Genocide, the ‘Crime of
Crimes’”, Journal of International Criminal Justice 2003, Vol. 1, No. 1, pp. 39-63.
Skogly Sigrun, “Extraterritoriality: universal human rights without universal obligations?” in
Joseph Sarah and McBeth Adam (eds.), Research Handbook on International Human Rights
Law, Cheltenham: Edward Elgar Publishing Limited 2011.
Skogly Sigrun and Gibney Mark, “Introduction” in Gibney Mark and Skogly Sigrun (eds.),
Universal Human Rights and Extraterritorial Obligations, Philadelphia: University of
Pennsylvania Press, 2010.
Smith G. Michael, Whalan Jeni and Thomson Peter, “The Protection of Civilians in UN
Peacekeeping Operations: Recent Developments”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4,
pp. 27-38.
Stockburger Peter, “The Responsibility to Protect Doctrine: Customary International Law, an
Emerging Legal Norm or Just Wishful Thinking?”, Intercultural Human Rights Law Review
2010, Vol. 5, pp. 365-405.

ix

Victoria Åkermarck
Thakur Ramesh, “Libya and the Responsibility to Protect: Between Opportunistic
Humanitarianism and Value-Free Pragmatism”, Security Challenges 2011, Vol. 7, No. 4, pp.
13-25.
Valentino Benjamin, Huth Paul and Croco Sarah, “Covenants without the Sword: International
Law and the Protection of Civilians in Times of War”, World Politics, 2006, Vol. 58, No. 3,
pp. 339-377.
Vattel De Emmerich, Le Droit des Gens ou Principes de la Loi Naturelle, 1758. Reproduction
of Books I & II of Edition of 1758, Washington: Carnegie Institution of Washington, 1916.
Vattel De Emmerich, Law of Nations; or Principles of the of Nature, applied to the Conduct
and Affairs of Nations and Sovereigns, 1758. Translated version, new edition by Chitty Joseph,
Philadelphia: T. & J. W. Johnson & Co. Law Booksellers, 1872.
Voigt Christina, [Security in a “Warming World”: Competences of the UN Security Council
for Preventing Dangerous Climate Change] in Bailliet M. Cecilia (ed.), Security – A
Multidisciplinary Normative Approach, Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2009.
Wilde Ralph, “Triggering State ObligationsExtraterritorially: The Spatial Test in certain
Human Rights Treaties”, Israel Law Review, 2007, Vol. 40, No. 2, pp. 503-526.
Zalucki Krzysztof, “Extraterritorial Jurisdiction in International Law”, International
Community Law Review, 2015, Vol. 17, No. 4-5, pp. 403-412.

x

Victoria Åkermarck
TREATIES, CONVENTIONS AND STATUTES
2006

Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, 13 December 2006, entry
into force 3 May 2008, UNTS, I-44910.

2006

Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, 20
December 2006, entry into force 23 December 2010, UNTS, I-48088.

1998

Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, concluded 17 July 1998, entry
into force 1 July 2002, 37 ILM 999.

1990

Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members
of Their Families, 18 December 1990, UNTS, I-39481.

1989

Convention on the Rights of the Child, adopted and opened for signature,
ratification and accession by General Assembly resolution 44/25 of 20 November
1989, entry into force 2 September 1990, UNTS, I-27531.

1984

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment, Adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 10
December 1984, UNTS, I-24841.

1981

African Charter on Human and People’s Rights, adopted 27 June 1981, entered
into force 21 October 1986, OAU Doc. CAB/LEG/67/3 rev. 5, 21 I.L.M. 58.

1979

International Convention against the Taking of Hostages. Adopted by the General
Assembly of the United Nations on17 December 1979, UNTS, I-21931.

1979

Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
18 December 1979, UNTS, I-20378.

1977

Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and
Relating to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts,
(Protocol I). 8 June 1977, entry into force 7 December 1978, UNTS, I-17512.

1977

Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating
to the Protection of Victims of Non-International Armed Conflicts, (Protocol II).
8 June 1977, entry into force 7 December 1978, UNTS, I-17513.

1973

Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally
Protected Persons including Diplomatic Agents (with the resolution 3166
(XXVIII) of the General Assembly of the United Nations). Adopted by the

xi

Victoria Åkermarck
General Assembly by the United Nations, at New York, on 14 December 1973,
UNTS, I-15410.
1973

International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of
Apartheid. Adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 30
November 1973, UNTS, I-14861.

1971

Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil
Aviation. Concluded at Montréal on 23 September 1971, UNTS, I-14118.

1970

Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure of Aircraft. Signed at The
Hague on 16 December 1970, UNTS, I-12325.

1969

American Convention on Human Rights, concluded 22 November 1969, entered
into force 18 July 1978, OAS Treaty Series No. 36.

1966

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 19 December 1966, UNTS,
I-14668.

1966

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, adopted and
opened for signature, ratification and accession by General Assembly resolution
2200A (XXI) of 16 December 1966, entry into force 3 January 1976, UNTS, I14531.

1965

International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial
Discrimination, 21 December 1965, opened for signature on 7 March 1966,
UNTS, I-9464.

1951

Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, 28 July 1951, UNTS, I-2545.

1950

European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms, as amended by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, supplemented by Protocols
Nos. 1, 4, 6, 7, 12, 13 and 16. Rome 4 November 1950, UNTS Vol. 213, No.
2889.

1949

Convention (I) for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in
Armed Forces in the Field, Geneva, 12 August 1949, entry into force 21 October
1950, UNTS, I-970.

xii

Victoria Åkermarck
1949

Convention (II) for the Amelioration of the Condition of Wounded, Sick and
shipwrecked Members of Armed Forces at Sea, Geneva, 12 August 1949, entry
into force 21 October 1950, UNTS, I-971.

1949

Convention (III) relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, Geneva, 12 August
1949, entry into force 21 October 1950, UNTS, I-972.

1949

Convention (IV) relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War,
Geneva, 12 August 1949, entry into force 21 October 1950, UNTS, I-973.

1948

Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, 9
December 1948, UNTS, I-1021.

1945

Charter of the United Nations and Statute of the International Court of Justice,
signed in San Francisco 26 June 1945, entry into force 24 October 1945.

1907

Convention (IV) respecting the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its
annex: Regulations concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land. The
Hague, 18 October 1907, entry into force 26 January 1910.

1899

Convention (II) with Respect to the Laws and Customs of War on Land and its
annex: Regulations concerning the Laws and Customs of War on Land, The
Hague, 29 July 1899, entry into force 4 September 1900.

1864

Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded in Armies in
the Field, Geneva, 22 August 1864, entry into force 22 June 1865.

xiii

Victoria Åkermarck
DECLARATIONS, RESOLUTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
2014

Resolution 2148, adopted by the Security Council, 3 April 2014, UN doc.
S/RES/2148.

2011

Resolution 1973, adopted by the Security Council, 17 March 2011, UN doc.
S/RES/1973.

2011

Resolution 1970, adopted by the Security Council, 26 February 2011, UN doc.
S/RES/1970.

2009

Resolution 1861, adopted by the Security Council, 14 January 2009, UN doc.
S/RES/1861.

2008

Resolution 1834, adopted by the Security Council, 24 September 2008, UN doc.
S/RES/1834.

2007

Resolution 1778, adopted by the Security Council, 25 September 2007, UN doc.
S/RES/1778.

2006

Resolution 1738, adopted by the Security Council, 23 December 2006, UN doc.
S/RES/1738.

2006

Resolution 1674, adopted by the Security Council, 28 April 2006, UN doc.
S/RES/1674.

2005

World Summit Outcome Document, adopted by the General Assembly, 24
October 2005, UN doc. A/RES/60/1.

2005

Resolution 1590, adopted by the Security Council, 24 March 2005, UN doc.
S/RES/1590.

2004

Resolution 1542, adopted by the Security Council, 30 April 2004, UN doc.
S/RES/1542.

2004

Resolution 1528, adopted by the Security Council, 27 February 2004, UN doc.
S/RES/1528.

2003

Resolution 1509, adopted by the Security Council, 19 September 2003, UN doc.
S/RES/1509.

2002

Resolution 1401, adopted by the Security Council, 28 March 2002, UN doc.
S/RES/1401.

xiv

Victoria Åkermarck
2000

Resolution 1296, adopted by the Security Council, 19 April 2000, UN doc.
S/RES/1296.

1999

Resolution 1279, adopted by the Security Council, 30 November 1999, UN doc.
S/RES/1279.

1999

Resolution 1265, adopted by the Security Council, 17 September 1999, UN doc.
S/RES/1265.

1983

Resolution 38/188 H, adopted by the General Assembly, 20 December 1983, UN
doc. A/RES/38/188 H.

1970

Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and
Co-operation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
UNGA Resolution 2625 (XXV), 24 October 1970, UN doc. A/RES/2625
(A/8082).

1948

Universal Declaration of Human Rights, proclaimed by the United Nations
General Assembly in Paris, 10 December 1948, UN doc. A/RES/217A.

1868

Declaration Renouncing the Use, in Time of War, of Explosive Projectiles
Under 400 Grammes Weight, Saint Petersburg, 11 December 1868.

xv

Victoria Åkermarck
DOMESTIC LAW
Belgium
Criminal Code of the Kingdom of Belgium (1867, as of 2018), Code Pénal
France
Criminal Code of the French Republic, (as of January 2020), Code Pénal

xvi

Victoria Åkermarck
INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW
2011

Al-Skeini and Others v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights,
Judgement of 7 July 2011, Application no. 55721/07, Reports of Judgements and
Decisions 2011.

2005

Armed Activities on the Territory of the Congo (Democratic Republic of the
Congo v. Uganda), Judgement of 19 December 2005, ICJ Reports 2005, p. 168.

2005

Öcalan v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Judgement of 12 May 2005,
Application no. 46221/99, Reports of Judgments and Decisions 2005-IV.

2004

Issa and Others v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Judgement of 16
November 2004, Application no. 31821/96, Reports of Judgments and Decisions
2004-.

2004

Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian
Territory, (Advisory Opinion 9 July 2004), ICJ Reports 2004, p. 136.

2004

Ilascu and Others v. Moldova and Russia, European Court of Human Rights
Grand Chamber Decision of 8 July 2004, Application no. 48787/99, Reports of
Judgments and Decisions 2004-VII.

2002

Arrest Warrant (Democratic Republic of the Congo v. Belgium), Judgment of 11
April 2000, ICJ Reports 2002, p. 3.

2001

Bankovic and Others v. Belgium and 16 Other Contracting States, European
Court of Human Rights, Grand Chamber Decision of 12 December 2001,
Application no. 52207/99, Reports of Judgments and Decisions 2001-XII.

2001

Cyprus v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Grand Chamber Judgement
of 10 May 2001, Application no. 25781/94, Reports of Judgments and Decisions
2001-IV.

2000

Prosecutor v. Tihomir Blaškic, ICTY, Judgement of 3 March 2000, Case No. IT95-14-T.

1996

Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons (Advisory Opinion 8 July 1
1996), ICJ Reports 1996, p. 226.

xvii

Victoria Åkermarck
1996

Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Application no. 15318/89,
Merits, Judgement of 18 December 1996, Reports of Judgements and Decisions
1996-VI.

1995

The Prosecutor v. Duško Tadic, ICTY Appeals Chamber, Decision on the
Defence Motion for Interlocutory Appeal on Jurisdiction, 2 October 1995, Case
No. IT-94-1-AR 72.

1995

Loizidou v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 15318/89,
Preliminary Objections, Judgment of 23 March 1995, Series A No. 310.

1992

M. v. Denmark, European Commission of Human Rights, Application No.
17392/90, Decision of 14 October 1992, D.R. No. 73, p. 193.

1986

Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua (Nicaragua v.
United States of America), Judgement of 27 June 1986, ICJ Reports 1986, p. 14.

1981

Delia Saldias de Lopez v. Uruguay (López Burgos v. Uruguay), United Nations
Human

Rights

Committee,

Communication

No.

52/1979,

CCPR/C/13/D/52/1979, Views Adopted 29 July 1981.
1977

X. v. the United Kingdom, European Commission of Human Rights, Plenary,
Application No. 7547/76, Decision of 15 December 1977, D.R. 12, p. 73.

1971

Legal Consequences for States of the Continued Presence of South Africa in
Namibia (South West Africa) notwithstanding Security Council Resolution 276
(1970), Advisory Opinion, ICJ Reports 1971, p. 16.

1969

North Sea Continental Shelf, Judgement of 20 February 1969, ICJ Reports 1969,
p. 3.

1965

X. against the Federal Republic of Germany, European Commission of Human
Rights, Plenary, Application No. 1611/62, Decision of 25 September 1965.

1928

Island of Palmas case, (Netherlands, USA), United Nations Reports of
International Arbitral Awards, 4 April 1928, Vol II, pp. 829-871.

1927

S.S. “Lotus”, Collection of Judgements, Permanent Court of International Justice,
7 September 1927, Series A. No. 10.

xviii

Victoria Åkermarck
NATIONAL CASE LAW
2013

Esther Kiobel, individually and on behalf of her late husband, Dr. Barinem Kiobel
v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., 17 April 2013, 133 S.Ct. 1659, No. 10-1491.
(Supreme Court of United States)

2011

J.McIntyre Machinery, Ltd. v. Robert Nicastro, 27 June 2011, 131 S.Ct. 2780, No.
09-1343. (Supreme Court of the United States)

2011

Goodyear Dunlop Tires Operations, S.A. v. Edgar D. Brown, 27 June 2011, 131
S.Ct. 2846, No. 10-76. (Supreme Court of the United States)

2010

Robert Morrison v. National Australia Bank Ltd., 24 June 2010, 130 S.Ct. 2869,
No. 08-1191. (Supreme Court of the United States)

2008

Lakhdar Boumediene v. George W. Bush, 12 June 2008, 553 U.S. 723. (Supreme
Court of the United States)

1990

United States of America v. Fawaz Yunis, 12 February 1988, 681 F. Supp. 896
(DDC 1988), Case no. 89-3208. (District Court, District of Columbia)

1957

Board of Trade v. Owen, 29 January 1957, AC 602.

1948

Naim Molwan v. Attorney General for Palestine, 20 April 1948, 81 LI L Rep 277.

1945

United States v. Aluminium Company of America, 148 F.2d 416 (2nd Cir, 1945),
12 March 1945.

1888

Cutting, U.S. Department of State, 1887 Foreign Relations 751 (1888), 2 Moore,
International Law Digest 1906.

xix

Victoria Åkermarck
DOCUMENTS PRODUCED BY THE UNITED NATIONS
Education For All Global Monitoring Report, The Hidden Crisis: Armed Conflict and
Education, Summary, UNESCO Publishing, 2011, UN doc. ED.2011/WS/1.
Report of the detailed findings of the Independent International Fact-finding mission on
Myanmar, 12 September 2018, UN doc. A/HRC/39/64.
Report of the International Law Commission to the General Assembly, Text adopted by the
International Law Commission at its eighteenth session, in 1966, and submitted to the General
Assembly, appears in Yearbook of the International Law Commission, 1966, Vol. II, pp. 187274.
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its fifty-third session (23 April–1
June and 2 July–10 August 2001), Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally
Wrongful Acts, adopted by the International Law Commission at its fifty-third session, UN doc.
A/56/10.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2009/9, 29 April 2009.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2009/1, 14 January 2009.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2005/25, 21 June 2005.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2004/46, 14 December 2004.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2003/27, 15 December 2003.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2002/41, 20 December 2002.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/2002/6, 15 March 2002.
Statement by the President of the UNSC, S/PRST/1999/6, 12 February 1999.
UN Human Rights Committee, General Comment No. 31, Article 2 of the Covenant: The
Nature of the General Legal Obligations Imposed on States Parties to the Covenant, 26 May
2004, UN doc. CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add. 13.
UN Secretary-General Report S/2010/579, 11 November 2010.
UN Secretary-General Report S/2009/277, 29 May 2009.
UN Secretary-General Report, Implementing the Responsibility to Protect, UN doc. A/63/677,
12 January 2009.
UN Secretary-General Report S/2007/643, 28 October 2007.
xx

Victoria Åkermarck
UN Secretary-General Report S/2005/740, 28 November 2005.
UN Secretary-General Report S/2004/431, 28 May 2004.
UN Secretary-General Report S/2002/1300, 26 November 2002.
UN Secretary-General Report S/2001/331, 30 March 2001.
UN Secretary-General Report, ‘We the Peoples’ - the Role of the United Nations in the 21st
Century , Press Release No. UNIS/SG/2529, 30 March 2000.
UN Secretary-General Report S/1999/957, 8 September 1999.
UN Secretary-General Report A/40/553, 26 August 1985.

xxi

Victoria Åkermarck
DOCUMENTS PRODUCED BY OTHER INTERNATIONAL ORGANISATIONS AND
NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANISATIONS
Advisory Service on International Humanitarian Law, International Committee of the Red
Cross and the Red Crescent, 2004.
Asia-Pacific Centre for the Responsibility to Protect, Cyclone Nargis and the Responsibility to
Protect – Myanmar/Burma Briefing No. 2, 16 May 2008.
Council of Europe/European Court of Human Rights, Guide on Article 2 of the Convention –
Right to Life, lastly updated 31 December 2019.
Global Coalition to Protect Education from Attack (GCPEA), Education Under Attack 2018,
Research Director: Amy Kapit, New York, 2018.
International Bar Association – Legal Practice Division, Report of the Task Force on
Extraterritorial Jurisdiction, 14 April 2009.
International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Crescent, International Humanitarian
Law and the Challenges of Contemporary Armed Conflicts, Geneva, 31IC/11/5.1.2, 2011.
Report of the International Commission of Intervention and State Sovereignty, The
Responsibility to Protect, Ottawa: International Development Research Center, December
2001.
Rules concerning the Control of Wireless Telegraphy in Time of War and Air Warfare,
drafted by a Commission of Jurists at The Hague, December 1922 - February 1923.

xxii

Victoria Åkermarck
OTHER DOCUMENTS
Global Development Statistics at Gapminder, available at www.gapminder.org (last visited 22
February 2019).
Hardcastle Katherine, “UK: The Long Arm of the Law: Extra-Territoriality and the Serious
Crime

Act

2007”,

Mondaq,

3

October

2012,

available

at

http://www.mondaq.com/uk/x/199404/Crime/The+Long+Arm+Of+The+Law+ExtraTerritoria
lity+And+The+Serious+Crime+Act+2007 (last visited 18 April 2019).
Icelandic Human Rights Centre, “The Human Rights Protection of Vulnerable Groups”, 2009,
available

at

http://www.humanrights.is/en/human-rights-education-project/human-rights-

concepts-ideas-and-fora/the-human-rights-protection-of-vulnerable-groups (last visited 16
January 2020).
The Oxford English Dictionary, available at http://dictionary.oed.com/ (last visited 18 April
2019).
The Doha Declaration: Promoting a Culture of Lawfulness, “Positive and negative obligations
of the State”, 2019, available at: https://www.unodc.org/e4j/en/tip-and-som/module-2/keyissues/positive-and-negative-obligations-of-the-state.html (last visited 2 March 2020).
Schneider Mark, “Implementing the Responsibility to Protect in Kenya and Beyond”,
International Crisis Group, Portland State University, 5 March 2010, available at:
https://www.crisisgroup.org/africa/horn-africa/kenya/implementing-responsibility-protectkenya-and-beyond (last visited 5 March 2020).
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, “Rape: Weapon of War”,
News

and

Events,

available

at:

https://www.ohchr.org/en/newsevents/pages/rapeweaponwar.aspx (last visited 25 March
2020).

xxiii

