Aliia Kodzhoshalieva

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva

Reducing Cognitive Load for a Data-Intensive Web Application User

Master’s Thesis in the
International Master’s Program
Governance of Digitalization
Supervisor: Anssi Öörni
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
Åbo 2020

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
ABSTRACT
Users experience certain levels of cognitive load when interacting with data-intensive web
applications. The overload of a user’s cognitive workload leads to poor user experience (UX),
inability to make timely and better decisions, poor productivity, and fatigue. This thesis focuses on
understanding what is cognitive load in UX, its importance and ways of reducing that load through a
better UX design. A literature review was conducted on cognitive load theories and 4 UX design
principles to reduce the cognitive load. The qualitative data collection method was applied in the form
of structured and semi-structured interviews. A total of 11 companies were interviewed for the
qualitative data collection purpose. 11 companies’ applications were reviewed during the interviews
from the cognitive load reduction perspective. Finally, the thesis work evaluates in a discussion form
the gaps identified between the research background and the data collection results. In conclusion,
three suggestions for future research work are made.

Keywords: user interface (UI), user experience (UX), user cognitive load, user psychology, dataintensive web application, human-computer interaction.

2

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. Introduction
1.1 Purpose of the thesis and research questions

7

1.2 Thesis structure

8

2. Research background, literature review
2.1 What is cognitive load in UX?

9

2.2 Principle 1: Provide working and short-term memory support

13

2.3 Principle 2: Recognition rather than recall

16

2.4 Principle 3: Avoid visual clutter

19

2.5 Principle 4: Users’ mental model

26

3. Research methodology

3.1 Qualitative interviewing methodology

29

3.2 Interviews

31

4. Results

4.1 Analysis of the interview data, thematic analysis

36

4.2 Comparison of findings to the literature review

42

5. Discussion and conclusions

5.1 Discussion and conclusions

45

5.2. Future work

47

6. References

49

3

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
LIST OF FIGURES
Figure 1. Working-memory buffer experiment.................................................................................. 10
Figure 2. If you can read this you have strong mind.......................................................................... 18
Figure 3. What we design vs. the reality ............................................................................................ 21
Figure 4. Hick’s law graph ................................................................................................................. 22
Figure 5. Landing page on Zalando, offering 3 options to choose from............................................ 23
Figure 6. The Von Restorff effect in alerting users to incoming notifications .................................. 24
Figure 7. Visual hierarchy example in newspapers ........................................................................... 25
Figure 8. UI elements in a compass app on iPhone vs. the real-world ............................................. 27
Figure 9. 10 questions on cognitive load asked in structured interviews .......................................... 32

4

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
LIST OF TABLES
Table 1. Overall scores on cognitive load summarized

39

Table 2. Answers to the 10 interview questions graph

40

Table 3. Overall responses pie chart

43

5

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS
UX

user experience

UI

user interface

TTI

Time to Interactive

ID

Instructional design

ISD

Instructional systems design

CTA

Call-to-action elements

RQ

Research question

6

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
CHAPTER 1
Introduction
Cognitive psychology in user experience (UX) design is a trending topic today and is relevant to
anyone who has ever used any website, web, or mobile application. Most humans interact with web
applications on a daily basis as it is a reality of today’s digital world we live in. It is also inevitable
that applications are becoming more and more data-intensive requiring the user interface (UI) to
match the user’s expectations and behaviors within those applications. This thesis paper focuses on
understanding how users interact with web applications, specifically focusing on the user’s cognitive
load. The research explores what is cognitive load in UX, how can it be reduced by good/better user
interface (UI) design and where do real-life data-intensive web applications stand when it comes to
tackling the ultimate goal of reducing the cognitive load.

1.1 Purpose of the thesis and research questions
Every web application is designed and developed following certain UX design principles keeping the
human user in mind. This academic research explores the interesting relationship and interaction of

that human user with the web application’s user interface (UI). User interface (UI) is a very broad
term that is an umbrella for many study domains that cover human-computer interaction and
communication in a given device [33]. To narrow down the scope for this master’s thesis, the topic
of user cognitive load within data-intensive web applications was selected as the primary focus area.

The end goal of this thesis conclusion is to answer the following 3 research questions and to provide
meaningful insights in a form of discussion and suggestions for future work at the end.
The research questions placed for this thesis work are:

Research question (RQ) 1: What is cognitive load in the context of UX?
Research question (RQ) 2: Can the cognitive load be reduced with good/better design and in which
ways?
Research question (RQ) 3: How well are modern web applications today tackling the mission of

reducing cognitive load? What are the areas that today’s web applications could improve?

7

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
To answer the stated research questions the author conducted a literature review on what cognitive
load is, exploring briefly 3 types of cognitive load and focusing the entire thesis on extraneous
cognitive load to be specific. Then the research work continued in the form of a qualitative data
collection method which entailed structured and semi-structured interviews of 11 companies with
existing data-intensive web applications.
1.2 Thesis structure
This thesis work answers the 3 research questions and provides insights on the topic of cognitive load
in UX in the following structure:
Chapter 2: Research background based on the literature review on the topics of cognitive load in UX
and 4 UX design principles that contribute to minimizing cognitive load.

Chapter 3: Research methodology. This chapter will cover data collection methods implemented for
this research work. Structured and semi-structured interviews will be the methods applied.
Chapter 4: Results of the data collection methods chosen will be provided and analyzed.
Chapter 5: Discussion and conclusions chapter provides a discussion and conclusion about the
research work conducted and the valuable insights observed.

8

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
CHAPTER 2
Research background, literature review
The purpose of this literature review was to explore available information on cognitive psychology
in UX design with the focus on minimizing the cognitive load. First, the author provides a
comprehensive overview of what is cognitive load in the context of user experience (UX), what types
of cognitive load are known, and which type is selected as the focus point for the rest of this thesis
work. Then the author continues the literature review by focusing on 4 UX design principles that
contribute to minimizing cognitive load.
Information for this literature review was obtained using search phrases and keywords such as
cognitive psychology, cognitive load, working memory, short-term memory, user experience (UX),
user interface (UI), data-intensive application, user psychology.
2.1 What is cognitive load in UX?
We as humans receive information through our senses (sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch), which

then trigger a call of action in our brain, and then the information is either used or not “digested". It
takes some resources to actually process that information. The amount of resources our brain
consumes to “decode” the received information depends on the cognitive load. Scientists have come
to the conclusion that information carrying corresponding cognitive load enters our brain through the

working memory [13]. Human working memory can only handle a certain amount of information and
this is called the cognitive load.
Cognitive overload takes place when the user’s working memory is exposed to more information than

it can process comfortably. Cognitive overload leads to fatigue, comprised decision making, and poor
user experience in general. Before diving deeper into the topic of cognitive load, it is important to
understand what human working memory is. Working memory is the human brain activity used to
complete a task at hand in a given moment, it handles the processing of information [10].
As Danny Halarewich, Head of Commerce at Mailchimp said: “Think of working memory as
computer RAM and long-term memory as the hard drive” [35]. Human working memory can be
9

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
compared to a scratchpad or a post-it note in which our mind stores information relevant to the current
task. If that task requires too much information to be kept in that scratchpad (working memory) then
there soon will be a need to free up some space for more information. The concept of working memory
was first explained through a series of experiments by the psychologists Alan Baddeley and Graham
Hitch where participants had to remember 1 to 6 digits while working on a second task [13]. When
the number of digits the participant had to keep in memory was small (1-2), his/her performance on
the second task was not affected. However, when the number of digits to be remembered became
bigger, the participant’s performance on the second task suffered. This is simply because there was
less working memory (scratchpad space) left available for that task. This experiment is best illustrated
in the following figure:
Figure 1: Working-memory buffer experiment [13]

Working memory is task-oriented in its essence, translating it to the UX language – working memory
can be compared to the “interface” between different processes such as perception, attention, and
memory while they all work together on a bigger task as the big picture.

For the purpose of this research paper, it is important to go one step further into the next sublayer or
a component of the working memory which is the short-term memory. From the numerous literature
available on cognitive psychology in UX it is clear that the two terms: working memory and shortterm memory are used interchangeably. However, for this paper’s agenda it is important to clarify

that these two memories are not exactly the same. They are, however, both needed to be explained
for the purpose of understanding what is cognitive load in UX. So short-term memory is simply the
brain process that allows us to store information for a short amount of time, for about 20 to 30 seconds
10

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
according to George Miller, a cognitive psychologist, and linguist who was a big contributor in the
cognitive psychology field [9]. Miller’s information processing theories provided theoretical ideas
that are underlying to cognitive psychology and the information processing framework and his work
dates back to the 1950s [9]. Research on the limits of short-term memory conducted by Miller has
established itself in digital design even today. For example, Miller’s Law of 7±2 or “The magical
number seven, plus or minus two: some limits on our capacity for processing information” which was
first published in 1956 remains as the guiding principle to reducing cognitive load through better UX
design [9]. This law argues that the human brain can hold in short-term memory 7±2 objects. In other
words, human short-term memory can only hold about 7 pieces of information and these pieces will
fade away from our brain in about 20-30 seconds. This should be considered when attempting to
reduce cognitive load through better UX design.
Both working memory and short-term memory must be understood well before designing any web
application’s user interface (UI), as these two interconnected memory types are both directly related

to the cognitive load concept. The higher the burden on the working and short-term memories, the
more cognitive load is incurred by a user. Different tasks have different corresponding workingmemory requirements. UX designers must first understand what type of information users of the web
application need to reach their goal or complete a task, and UI features must be provided accordingly

to help reduce the cognitive burden allowing the user to successfully perform the task.
Now that we understand how information enters our brain through working memory with the help of
short-term memory, let’s look closer at the cognitive load that that incoming information carries.

Human cognitive as a notion has been around for centuries, however, the term of the cognitive load
was first introduced by the Australian educational psychologist John Sweller in his renowned work:
“Cognitive load theory, learning difficulty, and instructional design” in 1988 [8]. In this study of
problem-solving, Sweller claimed that implementing instructional design can directly contribute to

cognitive load minimizing. Instructional design (ID) or instructional systems design (ISD) refers to
the approach of systematically designing, developing instructional material (in digital and physical
forms) in a consistent practice to enable efficient and engaging attainment of knowledge [11].

In his work, Sweller distinguishes favorable conditions for any learner to return the information he
or she was taught, outlining effective and ineffective teaching methods and presented key findings on
the limitations of working memory. Although Sweller’s work is within the educational domain,
11

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
instructional design to be specific, his work in many ways is still used by designers today when it
comes to counting in the limitations of the working memory of a user.
In cognitive psychology, cognitive load theory characterizes three types of cognitive load: intrinsic,
extraneous, and germane. The intrinsic cognitive load takes place when our brain is focused on a
specific subject or task, extraneous cognitive load is associated with the way information is given to
us and lastly, germane cognitive load handles the effort of creating a long-term store of information
[12]. The part that can be easily tackled through good/better UX design is extraneous cognitive load.
Extraneous cognitive load is a result of poor or bad UX design. In web application design, when we
refer to extraneous cognitive load, we refer to anything that takes up user’s mental resources to deal
with problems that not exactly related to the real task or goal at hand. The extraneous cognitive load
could happen, for example, when there are inconsistent font sizes used on the web page, this would
distract the user from the core task. Extraneous cognitive load is the exact type of cognitive load that
this entire research paper is focused on, however, for the sake of simplicity, the author will use the

term cognitive load for the rest of the paper as this is the generally accepted term in the UX design
field.
Now that the concept of cognitive load in UX is explained, the next natural question is why exactly

it is important to reduce that cognitive load? To start this section of the thesis, the author suggests the
reader to think of a very basic task most people do on a daily basis. Let’s take opening a fridge door
as an example. We know what to do to open a fridge door, we simply open it and we know that 99.9
percent of the time the fridge door will open because it always did before. We open the door without

even thinking. Now imagine if there was an additional passcode to open that same fridge door every
day: one must enter a 10-sentence password. Undoubtedly, eventually, this would lead to frustration,
to say the least. This is exactly the strategy to consider when designing user interface (UI) for the
data-intensive applications, the same basic principles of human psychology apply because it all comes

down to the cognitive load that our working memory has to handle.
So why are we devoting an entire thesis work to understanding the cognitive load and triggers that
could potentially minimize that load? Because reducing cognitive load leads to all-around better user

experience (UX), less fatigue, better and faster decision-making possibility, improved productivity
[36]. When the user is interacting with smart-designed, optimally implemented, and user-focused UI,
the data is perceived and processed faster and decision making becomes easier. A well-designed UI
12

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
ensures that the user cognitive load is not overloaded, and the user has good chances to make a better
and timely decision.
Users ’processing abilities are continuously overloaded with information and interaction
opportunities within the multifaceted digital environment that we live in. Therefore, the optimal
distribution of attention is one of the key factors that affect the success rate of human-computer
systems interactions whether it is for learning, working, collaboration, or other tasks. Attention is
such a vital human psychology phenomenon that it must play an important role in the design of any
technology. In her book “Human Attention in Digital Environments” Claudia Roda presents research
related to human attention in the digital environment and its implications for human-computer
interaction [6]. The reason this particular book raised interest for this thesis is that it addresses the
problem of how digital systems can be designed in such a manner that not only they would allow fast
access to information and people, but they also would support human attentional processes (p.1 [6].
Essential theoretical findings about human attention are well explained in correlation to design

systems in this book. When applying the cognitive load theory to web design we still need to
remember a simple comparison of human limited attention to a speeding freight train as in the great
quote from Luke Wroblewski, Product Director at Google:

Getting in the way of a speeding freight train usually does not end well. It takes a lot of effort
to shift the course of something with that much momentum. Rather than forcing people to
divert their attention from their primary task, come to where they are (37, Wroblewski, L.,
2018).
Minimizing the cognitive load is an integral goal to stay focused on while designing UX for any web
application. The rest of the literature review develops into specific ways how user cognitive load can
be reduced.
2.2 Principle 1: Provide working and short-term memory support
There are many various ways that user cognitive load can be reduced. As a reminder, this is referring

to the extraneous cognitive load and UX design principles that can reduce that specific type of
cognitive load. The author has grouped her entire UX principles findings into 4 predominant UX
design principles that ultimately lead to cognitive load minimization. Now, it is important to note that
13

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
should have this research work been more extensive then there could be additional principles added
or each principle could by itself stand as the research topic alone. However, for this research project
this structure was more logical and provided a comprehensive overview of what UX design principles
can directly reduce the user cognitive load.
The first principle described is providing memory support for working and short-term memories from
the UX design perspective. As a short recap, according to Miller’s law, the number of objects
(information pieces) which a human brain can keep in short-term memory (post-it note) is 7±2,
meaning seven items that will disappear from our memory in 20 – 30 seconds [9]. This law has to be
kept as a golden rule when thinking of ways to reduce the cognitive load within this first principle.
The first and biggest limitation of our short-term memory is the time that the user can spare on
focusing on a given set of objects, as Miller proved before, it is roughly 20 – 30 seconds. Therefore,
the natural web design guideline would be to reduce the response times, because users can easily
forget what they were in the middle of working on while waiting for the page view to load. We can

lose our user’s attention and focus by making him/her wait on slow page rendering. Users hate slow
loading pages and it affects the overall user experience (UX) negatively. In his usability study
conducted since 1994, Jakob Nielsen shares that users have been begging for the same thing over and
over: for pages to download faster [43]. Moreover, Nielsen suggests already in 1997 that speed must

become the overriding UX design criterion. One interesting metaphor to apply here is that the longer
the user suffers waiting for the webpage to load, the faster the information stored in his/her shortterm memory (post-it note) starts decaying. So, speed does matter. Usability studies continuously
prove that even reducing the response time by 0.1 seconds directly leads to better user experience

[43]. This is why the metric of Time to Interactive (TTI) was studied in this research process.
Time is a very simple yet complex multidimensional concept, it is perceived very subjectively from
an individual to another. When it comes to user experience in data-intensive web applications, time

is exceptionally important from the user’s perspective. The time consumed on retrieving the relevant
data is viewed as wasted time which in essence diminishes user’s ability to make the timely decision
or in the least detrimental case, it simply leads to poor user experience affecting productivity and
again overloading the cognitive workload.
Time to Interactive (TTI) is a web performance metric that focuses on what users see and experience
and was first coined as a key metric by Google [22]. Essentially, what TTI measures is the moment
14

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
when a user can start efficiently executing his/her task/goal at hand. The keyword to read in the TTI
term is “interactive”, so what we are looking at is the moment when the user can interact with a given
page/view within the application’s UI in a satisfactory manner by consulting the content he/she is
exposed to. To elaborate further, TTI is a page load performance metric that evaluates the time it
takes for a given page in the web application’s UI to become interactive. To define what does
“interactive” imply, technical documentation on this metric provides the following definitions:

- Useful/comprehensible content is displayed on a given page
- Event handlers are registered for the most visible page elements

- User does not experience latency (at least what the user can perceive) as the page consistently
respond within 50 ms. [23].
Time to Interactive (TTI) focuses on the “loading experience” providing web developers with useful

insights. TTI is meant to be a better alternative for measuring page load time [23]. The reason TTI
was selected to be added to this research work is because this is the latest and most sophisticated
metric used by the web performance experts as of today. Google has integrated complex algorithms
to measure TTI by pinpointing the time when the user’s seamless web experience begins [23]. Time

to Interactive (TTI) is the most technical term of this thesis work and there is not a lot of scientific
research done on this topic yet, therefore most of the reference points were mainly from the technical
documentation available on GitHub. GitHub is a web-based version-control and collaboration
platform for software developers, it hosts repositories for various web development projects [38]. The
repository for hosting TTI specification and discussion around it was the author’s most reliable source
[23].
So how is this TTI metric applicable to minimizing the user cognitive load? Examples optimizing
web applications by reducing TTI indicate that cutting TTI even by a fraction of seconds can
exponentially improve the user experience. The user does not experience delays and blocked UI
elements that can have a negative effect on the user’s interaction in the web application. A case study
of Pinterest’s web application observed a 60% higher user engagement after Time to Interactive was
reduced from 23s to 5.6s, and to 3.9s on repeat visits [40].
Besides reducing the response time, there are other simpler ways within this first UX design principle
that can directly contribute to reducing the cognitive load. This section will cover the topic of the

15

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
user’s tasks within the web application. A user interacts with the given web application’s user
interface (UI) with the goal of completing a task or some other mission. So, what UX design
guidelines can help with task performance as it is the main reason a user enters the web application?
As we already identified, the human brain uses working and short-term memory to store small pieces
of information on so-called mental “post-it” notes. That space is limited and when completing a task
at hand the user has only that “post-it” to stack information onto plus add the limited time that working
memory has to remember that information (20-30 seconds per 7 or so items). Quite often, users in
data-intensive web applications have complex tasks to accomplish. One way to help users in task
performance without overloading their cognitive load is to design large, complex tasks as a series of
smaller operations rather than one large task involving significant cognitive load burden [46]. Users
can easily get lost in the multiple tasks they must complete within the page even if those tasks would
be hierarchically structured. Breaking complex tasks into smaller chunks or subtasks and breaking
longer user workflow sequences into separate steps can help utilize the user’s short-term memory
capacity therefore minimizing the cognitive load. This process is usually referred to as “chunking”

and chunking as a concept originated from the field of cognitive psychology. Breaking text, web
content, and tasks into smaller chunks helps users process, understand, and remembers things better
[44]. The end goal for the user is to complete the task at hand, and the UX design should provide all
the favorable conditions for that to happen. Quite often there are also repetitive tasks that the user

must do within the given application’s user interface (UI). Repetitive tasks can be replaced by
shortcuts. In UX, these shortcuts can be represented by “hotkey” equivalents of menu, icon, and
button command choices, such as Ctrl-S for the Save command, for example [46]. Replacing
repetitive tasks with shortcuts provides direct support that is needed for memory limitations in UX

design.
2.3 Principle 2: Recognition rather than recall

There are two types of memory retrieval described by psychologists: recognition and recall.
Recognition refers to our ability to “recognize” an event or piece of information as being familiar and
recall is described as the retrieval of related details to the information from our memory [45].
Promoting recognition over recall in UX design is highly recommended by all UX principle

guidelines. This part of the thesis work will explore why recognition is better than recall from the UX
design perspective. Humans recognize things better than they memorize them. This fact becomes
particularly crucial from the cognitive load motivations because recognition requires less processing
16

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
work for the human brain which leads to cognitive load reduction and fewer human errors [45].
Recognition differentiates from recall by the number of cues helping the memory retrieval process:
recall requires less cues than recognition. To better understand how recognition works and can help
reduce the cognitive load when working on the UX design, some well-known cognitive psychology
principles will help. As James Montalbano said: “Your brain knows the shape of the world” (James
Montalbano, the Gestalt perception principle is applied when we choose recognition over recall to
simplify our users’ experience [47]. Gestalt memory theory describes how humans perceive visual
elements based on the precognitive determination of what those elements mean or do based on the
size, shape, position, and other applied conditions [18].
In the terms of web applications, applying Gestalt principles translates to, for example, a case of
designing a download button that must visually match what the user already has in his/her head as
the perception of a download button. Since our human cognitive resources are scarce, we need to
ensure that “digesting” these visual clues (i.e. download button) is as easy as it can be, meaning it

should be effortless consumption. As David C. Evans said in the Gestalt Perception chapter in his
book: “Psychologists have known for decades that we are cognitive misers, meaning that we will
allocate the least possible processing power to determine your value to us” [18, page 37].

To better understand the origins of this theory, let’s look at the word “gestalt’, the literal translation
from the German language of the word “gestalt” is” form, shape” [19]. According to the Gestalt
principle, we judge the presented visual element (i.e. download button in the application) by its
appearance and the conditions around it.
The following demonstration of the influence of context on our perception proves the notion of the
Gestalt theory brilliantly: please try reading the following text.

17

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Figure 2: If you can read this you have strong mind [2]

People can still read through the above text despite the gibberish letters because this is the power of
the human precognitive determination according to Gestalt theory. The key takeaway from this theory

to apply in web application design is:
Before we read the textual labels on graphic elements, we precognitively examine their
form (Gestalt) and nearby elements to guess their function, so as to expend the least

attentional effort to reach our goals (Evans, D.C., 2017, p.38).
Gestalt principles applied in UX design could mean providing visuals as alternatives for reading the
text while making contextual information required by a given task visible. One helpful UX strategy

to apply here is simply using familiar, well recognizable, already known convention. The general
advice is - don’t reinvent the wheel, user psychology is human psychology (for now). Human
psychology doesn’t change that easily over a day or month or even a year. If we want our users to get
things fast then the best strategy would be to follow existing conventions, meaning commonly used

or standardized design patterns [1, page 29]. A good universally accepted example is a stop sign, it is
more or so standardized worldwide with shape, color, and some text in the middle. The same principle

18

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
applies for the gas pedal. Imagine if rental cars had the pedal on a different side compared to the pedal
location in your own car. This would make no sense and definitely overload our cognitive load.
However, it is necessary to note that many conventions in web applications have evolved and will
continue doing so: for example, where links/tabs are located on each web page, how things work and
look - all these set certain user expectations. When applied well, web conventions make life easier
for users because users don’t have to constantly figure out what things are and how they are supposed
to work as they go from one-page view to another [1, page 31]. Last note to make here - innovation
is good and should always be welcome, however, it should be a better solution to what is being
replaced. The well-known example of this is a scroll bar in web pages, many designers try new trendy
ways to design and implement the scroll bar in their pages, but it always ends up being the same scroll
bar at the end of the day. Web navigation conventions should also be followed. Similarly, to physical
spaces such as streets, buildings people rely on standardized navigation systems with conventions
that have been there for a long time and have been evolving for years, some even for centuries. People

know where to look and where to go when they see them. This standardization minimizes our thinking
effort and makes it easy to distinguish them from everything else. Some most granted taken
conventions are street signs, names of buildings being above or next to the front door, each aisle in a
store having a name, page numbers in books or magazines. All these basic conventions are applicable

in web navigation although with different appearances to fit the web.
2.4 Principle 3: Avoid visual clutter

The ultimate goal when designing the user interface (UI) for a given web application should be to
eliminate all the potential question marks in our users’ heads, in other words, don’t make the user
think. Users should never devote even a millisecond of thought to whether something is clickable or
not, for example. Every time a user has a question mark “hanging” over his/her head, it adds to the

user’s cognitive workload, distracting his/her limited attention from the important task or goal at
hand. Even if these “slight” distractions last milliseconds, they can all add up and lead to decreased
productivity, human errors, delayed decision making, and fatigue [1, page 17]. The goal should be
for each page view or screen within the UI to be self-evident and self-explanatory so that just by

looking at it a user will know what it is and how to use it [1, page 18].

19

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
This third UX design principle focuses on visual design decisions. To further recognize how this third
principle contributes directly to minimizing user cognitive load, it is important to first understand
how exactly users behave when they use web applications. The following quote from Steve Krug
gives a good overview of how users behave online in real life:
“When we’re creating sites, we act as though people are going to pore over each page, reading
all of our carefully crafted text, figuring out how we’ve organized things, and weighing their
options before deciding which link to click. What they actually do most of the time is glance
at each new page, scan some of the text and click on the first link that catches their interest
or vaguely resembles the thing they are looking for.” (Krug, S. 2014, p.21).
The reality is that users don’t read pages, they scan them, looking for words or objects (buttons) that
catch their eye [1, page 22]. The UI designed for a web application is often different from what the
user needs in reality. Web application users have a mission when they enter the UI of the application,

it could be a mission to retrieve information, to complete a task or some other assigned mission.
Usually, users want to complete their mission quickly, therefore they don’t want to waste any of their
time on reading unnecessary texts on the web. Users are predominantly interested only in the fraction
of what is displayed on most of the web applications. They swiftly scan for the parts that correspond

to their ultimate goals, interests or the task at hand that they are trying to accomplish. The rest
becomes irrelevant. Users want only relevant things. The word “instinct” was mentioned above when
referring to the inherent habit of scanning. Indeed, scanning is a human habit and comes instinctively
to us, it is a basic skill in human psychology that humans acquire as they learn to read. People scan

newspapers, magazines, social media pages (scrolling) to find only the parts that are relevant to them
or interesting to them. To design effective web applications, it is essential to acknowledge these facts
of life that users are on a mission to get information or complete some task, preferably fast, and that
users scan rather than read. The following figure was taken from the book by Steve Krug “Don’t

make me think”, and it depicts quite well how our scanning habits work.

20

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Figure 3: What we design for vs. The reality [1, page 21].

When users are scanning web pages in search of the needed information to complete the task at hand
the way the text is formatted can affect greatly how easy or challenging the process of scanning is
made for the user. So what can be done to make pages “scan-friendly”? The basic rule of thumb is to
format the text within your application to support scanning. This translates to using plenty of
headings, formatting those headings correctly, and for example, not letting the headings float (making
sure they are close to the section they introduce than to the section they follow, since this can make a
huge difference [1, page 40]. The author did not go more into detail on other text formatting
techniques such as using bullet lists, keeping paragraphs short, highlighting key terms, etc., because
those are not directly applicable for the web applications covered within this thesis work’s scope.
Another simple step to align the user interface (UI) design with the way the user “scans” the webpages
is to present the information in chunks instead of concatenation.
Some other concrete UX design decisions to support this third principle are making the design simple,
keeping the visual clutter to a minimum, and striving for easily understandable visual elements that
help the user have a seamless UI experience. When a user is bombarded by too many visual elements
whether they are purely decorative or functional, he/she must continuously make choices what to
focus on. Hick’s Law or Hick-Hyman Law named after a team of psychologists, William Edmund
21

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Hick and Ray Hyman states that the more choices the person is given the more time it takes that
person to make a decision [14]. The more time the person has to think while choosing, the more
cognitive overload takes place.
In 1952 Hick and Hyman started examining the connection between the number of stimuli presented
and the person’s reaction time to any given stimulus [15]. This research became the groundwork for
understanding the so seemingly simple status quo we have today in human behavior: the more choices
we give to a user, the longer it will take that user to make a decision and take a call of action. When
exposed to too many options, users are overwhelmed with the abundance of information and it
depletes the working memory bandwidth, therefore overloading the cognitive load and undoubtedly
leading to slow decision making or even worse, no decision making at all.
Figure 4: Hick’s law graph [15]

This fundamentally important psychological principle must be absolutely considered when designing

the user interface (UI) for a data-intensive application, for example, when prototyping functionalities
of a page, navigation menus, etc. Always consider the burden is being placed on a user when giving
a certain amount of options to choose from. Perhaps a simple question to continuously ask during the
UX design process is “how is all the data being presented to the user?” since we can’t completely

eliminate choice making.

22

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
The example of Zalando, a European e-commerce company offering fashion shopping through a
platform approach. Shoppers on Zalando have less decision-time to waste thanks to the platform’s UI
design. Imagine if a user would have to choose a clothing item from all the options available within
the site, it would simply be impossible, therefore browse tabs, categories, and navigation menus are
there to help the user walk through the UI to their end goal.
Figure 5: Landing page on Zalando, offering 3 options to choose from [screenshot from zalando.com]

Once the user lands on the webpage of Zalando, he or she needs to make a simple choice between
three tabs as shown in figure 5. The user experience continues with narrowing down the selection
even further and shopping within the category that is relevant to the user. This is an example of a
coherent and logical experience which reduces the time the user would take making a decision.
Keeping the decision making simple and based on essentials is an optimal approach to presenting
options to a user.
Another visual design rule worth mentioning is allowing the user to focus as much as possible on the
most important visual cues, for example, crucial notifications or call-to-action elements (CTAs). It is
important to make call-to-action elements (CTAs) easily distinguishable within the application’s user
interface (UI). This principle is explained by the Von Restorff effect, also known as the isolation
effect, which is a psychology principle explaining when multiple related objects are present, the user
23

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
will remember the item that differs from the rest [16]. The theory was founded by the German
psychiatrist and pediatrician Hedwig von Restorff (1906 - 1962) who in her studies examined how
participants memorize much better the distinctive, isolated item among all the categorically similar
items [17]. Some ways to use the Von Restorff effect are to make those CTA elements visually
standout by color, shape, etc.
Figure 6: The Von Restorff effect in alerting users to incoming notifications [screenshot from the
author’s cell phone screen]

From the example given in figure 6, the user can clearly distinguish which applications in her phone
currently require most immediate attention as the bright red bubble notification badges ensure
attention is drawn at them. These visual design implementations ensure that the user’s cognitive load
is consumed for the necessary action or task at hand, and the attention is focused where it is needed.
This is especially important when talking about data-intensive applications for time-sensitive industry
sectors such as autonomous driving, medical field, mining, and others. The cost of the user for
example, not remembering or not understanding which button to click on can be not only financially
detrimental but also could cost lives. So as basic as this Von Restorff effect sounds, it cannot be
underestimated when designing UI for any web application. It all trickles down to minimizing user’s
cognitive load, everything within the application’s user interface (UI) must be designed and
24

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
implemented in such a manner that it always lowers the cognitive load or at the minimum, it does not
add more weight to it if not necessary.
Next, it is important to implement effective visual hierarchies by ensuring that all the visual cues
within the application accurately represent the relationship between the items on the pages, which of
those are the most important, which elements are similar, and which are part of other subjects.
Basically, each page view should have a clear visual hierarchy [1].
The amusing fact is that users are so accustomed to good visual hierarchy standards in their everyday
lives that it is taken as a status quo and they notice a difference only when the visual hierarchy is
absent because then the user is forced to think. Many articles on visual hierarchy were reviewed for
this thesis work and it is interesting to point out that there is nothing that innovative about visual
hierarchy principles in general: every newspaper page, for example, does it well by using simple three
principles: prominence, grouping, nesting [1, page 35].
Figure 7: Visual hierarchy example in newspapers [1, page 35]

A good visual hierarchy saves us work by processing the page for us, organizing, and prioritizing its
contents in a way that we can grasp it almost instantly [1]. This is going to be a crucial factor when
working with complex and large amounts of data being processed in real-time for a user to make a

quick decision.

25

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Lastly, breaking up pages into clearly defined areas is also a good rule to follow when a visual
hierarchy is being planned. Eye-tracking experiments on web page scanning suggest that users decide
very quickly in their initial glances which parts of the page are likely to have useful information and
then rarely look at the other parts of the page - almost as though they weren’t there [1, page 36]. No
unnecessary data should be displayed to the user in order to minimize the cognitive load.
2.5 User’s mental model
A mental model is a belief system that a user holds about any given system or interaction, in this case,
a web application, for example. It is a user’s own intuitive knowledge of how things are supposed to
work in the given web application system based on his/her own experience [48]. Usually, a user’s
thinking is closely related to reality as they base their predictions about the system on their mental
models. Understanding the user’s mental model helps tremendously when designing the web
application’s user interface (UI) for that particular user type, as it helps to design a web application

that communicates clearly to that user.
Translating mental model understanding into UX implementation could mean matching the user
interface (UI) to the user’s mental model and using real-world metaphors to convey the necessary

information [39]. As Jakob Nielsen stated on the importance of matching the system and the real
world, human beings find comfort in familiarity:
The system should speak the user’s language, with words, phrases, and concepts familiar to

the user, rather than system-oriented terms. Follow real-world conventions, making
information appear in a natural and logical order (Nielsen, J. 1994).
The phrase “real-world metaphors” was mentioned here so it is important to note that there are widely

spread metaphors that should be considered when designing user interfaces, however, each culture
has its own established metaphors [39]. This has to be taken into account especially if designing web
applications for the international user base.

Another important notion to make here is that when working on the design of the user interface (UI),
it is wrong to assume that your own interpretations of the world, or as in cognitive psychology terms,

26

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
your mental model matches those of the users you are designing the web application for. The way the
user interprets the world depends on a variety of circumstances and personal factors and experiences.
Some simple concrete ways to handle this UX principle on the mental model of users are to use
familiar language. As simple as it sounds, using terms that make sense or are familiar to the user will
greatly alleviate the user’s cognitive load as it will require less effort to process the UI elements.
Using acronyms, abbreviations must be done with careful design thinking in mind because it should
never be assumed that the user understands all the abbreviations and technical jargon [48].
The second practice of knowing your user’s mental model is leveraging familiarity with real-world
objects and experiences. The best way to achieve this could be through skeuomorphic web design
which focuses on creating user interaction with the web application that imitates one from the physical
world we live in [48]. This helps to utilize the users’ existing knowledge and makes the process of
getting to know the web application’s user interface (UI) much easier and faster. Essentially, users
transition to the digital environment from the real, physical world by carrying their learned

interpretations of real-world objects along with them. Therefore, it is logical that user interface (UI)
elements should at best reflect real-life objects similar to those that users have interacted with in the
physical world. For example, a compass application on iPhones visually mimics the actual traditional
compass that we know from the physical world.
Figure 8: UI elements in a compass app on iPhone (left) vs. the real-world (right) [screenshot from
the author’s cell phone and a free stock photo from unsplash.com of a compass]

27

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Mental models are based on beliefs and not facts, so it is essentially a model of what users think they
know about the web application based on their preexisting experiences. The users will base their
predictions about the way the web application should work based on their mental models so from the
UX design point of view it is important to match the web application’s user interface (UI) to the user’s
mental models. So, what happens when there is a mismatch between the user’s mental models and
the web application’s user interface (UI)? Will that increase the cognitive load in UX? The
discrepancies between the user’s mental model and the user interface (UI) can be detrimental from
the UX standpoint. This could cause problems such as users not understanding what to do within the
web applications, with basic mistakes as confusing commands, icons, mixing up various input fields.
This would directly lead to cognitive overload.

28

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
CHAPTER 3
Research methodology
The original research plan for this thesis work scoped out a research methodology that included both
qualitative and quantitative data collection approaches. However, that path had to be shifted due to
the recent COVID-19 pandemic situation which has limited the data collection and analysis methods
that would have been physically available at the author’s disposal otherwise. Therefore, this research
work has used a mixed, holistic qualitative research methodology with structured and semi-structured
interviews as the selected approach. The reasoning for combining the two methods of interviewing
was due to the nature of the interviews conducted.
The author used parts of the existing Vaadin UX Checkup interview methodology as it has been a
proven, efficient, hands-on UX interviewing set already used in her work. Vaadin UX Checkup

interviewing is a checklist-based assessment of a web application’s user experience (UX) [39]. The
entire interviewing set consists of a 100-item checklist and provides an overall and technical analysis
on a given web application’s UX. The author borrowed only 10 questions from this UX Checkup
interviewing methodology to gather her empirical evidence to support her research.
There was a total of 11 companies interviewed and each interview meeting consisted of two parts: 1.
structured interviews 2. semi-structured interviews.

3.1 Qualitative interviewing methodology
This chapter focuses on the methodology chosen for collecting empirical data. There were 3 research
questions placed for this thesis research:
Research question (RQ) 1: What is cognitive load in the context of UX?
Research question (RQ) 2: Can the cognitive load be reduced with good/better design and in which
ways?

Research question (RQ) 3: How well are modern web applications today tackling the mission of
reducing cognitive load? What are the areas that today’s web applications could improve?

29

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
To answer these stated research questions and to have a meaningful discussion at the end with
concrete suggestions for future work the author has first conducted a literature review to answer the
first research question: what is cognitive load in UX. Research question 2 was also answered from
the theoretical perspective by exploring 4 concrete UX design principles for reducing cognitive load
with better design. The author utilized the theoretical findings on the 4 UX design practices to
lowering cognitive load in her qualitative research methodology. The interview questions were based
on the theoretical findings to the second research question. The qualitative research methodology was
applied to gather the empirical data to answer research question 3 and either to support the existing
research findings so far or to provide new insights for the possible answers to the research questions.
As stated in the preface of this section, qualitative research methodology was applied within the scope
of this thesis work. University of Southern California research guides define qualitative research as
“a process of naturalistic inquiry that seeks an in-depth understanding of social phenomena within
their natural setting.” Qualitative research focuses on the reasoning behind the individual behavior,

societies, and cultures through exploratory questioning [26]. This approach has several characteristics
that are deemed to be integral to this methodology: it uses words, concerned with meanings, induces
hypothesis from data, and case studies. Denzin and Lincoln (2005) explain further that qualitative
research is built on the hypothesis of the social construction of the researched realities [24]. And this

was one of the strongest reasons why the author selected qualitative research methodology, this
research practice takes place in the natural environment, providing a focus on naturally occurring,
habitual events in natural settings giving us a strong handle on what the usual flow of life is. In this
approach, the data is collected in close proximity to a specific situation, rather than through the mail

or over the phone [28]. So, by spending time talking to the inhabitants of data-intensive applications
from the UI perspective, the author had an opportunity to derive the empirical data from the embedded
context.

The richness and holistic approach of qualitative data methodology allow flexibility when revealing
the complexity of the subject studied. Taking into consideration the personal features of the thesis
writer the qualitative research method makes even more sense because this type of research gives a
chance for the researcher to establish a direct relationship with the interviewees. This multifaceted

relationship between the observer and observed is well explained by Mintzberg 1979 [29]. Qualitative
approach methods are more interactive, personal; and give room for creativity.

30

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Bryman and Bell outlined key research methods applied in the qualitative approach method, with the
mixed-method approach being the most frequently used [25]. This is the approach chosen for this
thesis work as well: employing qualitative interviews and analyzing texts and documents [25]. In this
thesis work, the author organized and processed structured and semi-structured interviews as the
chosen type of qualitative data collection method. This combination provided flexibility to explore
social reality through the perspective of the interviewees. The social reality being explored was the
state of today’s web applications regarding tackling cognitive load reduction. The author aimed to
gather empirical evidence on which of the 4 UX design principles researched in this thesis were being
followed well by companies when designing today’s web applications and which of the 4 UX design
principles were least followed or applied. As we have identified all 4 UX design principles directly
contribute to reducing cognitive load, therefore not following even one of the principles would
directly lead to cognitive load increase. Therefore, the author used interviews questions and topics
based on all 4 UX design principles studied in this thesis.

The structured and semi-structured interviews were administered on separate days. This was done for
several reasons. First, for a better quality of the collected empirical data since it takes time to process
the structured interview questions to prepare for a more elaborated open discussion in a form of semistructured interviews. Secondly, the structured interviews lasted an hour which is already a long time

to keep the interviewee’s attention, thus scheduling the semi-structured interview part for a separate
day was logical.
All interviews were organized and led by the author through her work role at Vaadin Oy. Each

interview was also accompanied by a UX developer from Vaadin Oy. The UX developer’s goal was
to analyze each of the 11 customers’ web applications from technical Vaadin checkpoints using the
100-item checklist that Vaadin UX Checkups are based on. The author was given permission by
Vaadin Oy to utilize the overall results from those technical analyses.
3.2 Interviews
Structured interviews

The first part of the interview sets was completed using the structured interviewing method. The
structured interview method asks interviewers a fixed set of questions in a standardized approach,

31

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
this method is useful for collecting demographics, understanding user knowledge, comparing results
across various groups on a fixed set of responses, and gathering attitude and opinion data [41].
There was a fixed set of 10 questions asked from all the interviewees. All questions were focused on
reducing the user cognitive load, specifically covering concrete UX design choices and decisions that
minimize the cognitive load. These 10 questions were selected from the existing UX Checkup
interviewing methodology that the author used at her daily work at Vaadin Oy. The list of questions
is provided in the following screenshot from the original Vaadin UX Checkup interviewing template:
Figure 9: 10 questions on cognitive load asked in structure interviews

These 10 questions on cognitive load reduction illustrate the 4 UX design principles that were
researched in the literature review part of this thesis. To better explain how each question is related
to the 4 UX design principles studied and covered in the literature review part of this paper, the author
has broken down these 10 questions into 4 sub-categories matching the 4 UX design principles
covered so far in this work.
Principle #1:

Provide working and short-term memory support
Repetitive tasks can be avoided through shortcuts or other tools

Questions:

Complex tasks are broken down into subtasks
Long sequences are broken down into separate steps

Principle #2:

Recognition rather than recall

Questions

Visuals are provided as an alternative for reading text
Contextual information required by a task is visible (no memory burden)
32

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Principle #3:

Avoid visual clutter
Colors, font families and styles are used with restraint

Questions

Use of purely decorative elements is kept to minimum
Information is presented in chunks instead of concatenation

Principle #4:

User’s mental model

Questions

Interface matches the user's mental model
Real-world, established metaphors are used to convey information

To best support the theoretical research these exact 10 questions were systematically used during this
data collection process on all interviewees.
Each question had 3 options for an answer: pass, fail and skip. Marking “pass” implied that the
interviewee’s web application met the requirements for reducing user cognitive load. The answer
“fail” indicated that the web application being analyzed did not meet the criteria of being cognitive
load “friendly”. There were instances when the questions asked did not apply to the web application
of the interviewee, in those cases the answer “skip” was recommended. A separate section for
comments was added to allow a more elaborated explanation of why a certain answer was selected.
There were 11 companies participating in the interviews. All 11 participants were companies that are
paying customers at Vaadin Oy and have web applications for their businesses. Interviewing existing
Vaadin customers with the author’s Customer Success Manager employee title made it easier for the

author to overcome the barrier to getting detailed honest answers from companies as there is a certain
level of trust and familiarity with the interviewees. Each interview started with a small intro and
“small talk” on the interviewee’s business domain background. Then each interviewee presented or
did a demo of their existing web application that they are currently using in their company. The demo

of the application started with the general presentation of what is the purpose of the application: is it
for internal use or external customers, is it a database system, warehouse system or a customer-facing
application, etc. After the author understood the main purpose of the application being reviewed, the
interviewing continued with questions on the typical workflows that the interviewee’s users have. A

simple request from the author to the interviewee was made in each interview, asking the customer
to describe or tell about the typical workflows of their web users. This helped to understand how the
web application was used and what were the users’ expectations from that web application. When the
33

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
interviewee was describing the typical user workflow and demoing it by clicking on different views
within their web application (log-in page, reports page etc.), the author took notes on various UX
design principles that were earlier described in this paper. The interviewees speaking about the typical
user workflows and talking about their pain points that their users face gave structured answers to the
10 questions on reducing the cognitive load. The goal was to understand how the interviewee’s web
application’s UX currently handles the user’s cognitive load challenges. The author aimed to learn
how each interviewee’s web application’s user cognitive load is being tackled through good design.
And also, to understand where it is failing to respect the user’s cognitive load.
The topics and questions for the interviews were sent beforehand via email to each interviewee to
give the participants a chance to contemplate and have an overview of what will be discussed. Also,
a request to kindly be prepared to demonstrate their web application via screen sharing during the
interview was relayed in the same invitation email to set the participant’s expectations right. The 10
questions on reducing the cognitive load were designed to allow comprehensive responses from the

respondents and elaborate discussion from the interviewee’s perspective and experience with using
or designing data-intensive applications’ user interface (UI).
Purposive sampling was applied when selecting the interviewees. The author aimed for specific

expertise from the participants. The motivation and interest in the subject by these participants were
also contributing factors when choosing them as it increases the probability for a more fruitful
interview with meaningful insights. When a person is interested in the subject, we are more likely to
get better results. The interviewees taking part in this research work had backgrounds directly related

to the subject matter being studied here: user cognitive load and UI in data-intensive applications.
The interviewees held professions such as UX expert, UX designer, lead developer, project manager,
CTO of a company. Robson 2002 explains the definition of purposive sampling as a sampling
technique frequently applied in qualitative research when a researcher relied on his or her own

assessment when choosing a member of a population to participate in the study [31]. The sample size
(n=11) was the realistic pool the author could fit within the scope of this thesis.
The duration of the structured interviews was one hour. All interviews took place online and in

English. There were eleven companies interviewed in total.

34

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Semi-structured interviews
The second half of the interviewing process was conducted in the form of semi-structured interviews.
The semi-structured interviewing method combines some structured questions and some unstructured
exploration. The semi-structured interviews were conducted on a separate day after the structured
interviews have been processed. The semi-structured interviews are especially useful when working
with complex issues as the interview can use probes and spontaneous questions to explore, enhance
the author’s understanding of the researched topic, and clarify answers to questions [41].
This was the second part of the interviewing method applied. The semi-structured interviews took
place after the structured interviews. The reason for that order was to allow the author to first gain
knowledge on the topic of cognitive load for each interviewee’s web application and then to allow
the interviewee to provide open answers on the questions. The semi-structured interviews lasted
approximately an hour for each company that was interviewed. The interviews were conducted with
the same people as in the structured interviews.
The author used this part of the interviewing process to gather more opinionated data and valuable
insights from the domain experts. This was certainly a more exciting part of the data collection
method as the respondents’ reactions and comments were sometimes surprising. When faced with the

reality that their web application did not quite tackle reducing cognitive load based on the 4 UX
design principles depicted in this thesis, some interviewees were not happy to hear that or went in a
defensive mode. It is understandable as nobody wants to admit that their users are suffering trying to
use the web application that they so carefully designed.

35

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
CHAPTER 4
Results
This chapter analyzes the collected interview data extracting themes and patterns from the
respondents’ answers on reducing the cognitive load for the users of their web applications. The
background information of the interviewees is anonymous data to protect interviewee’s identities and
their companies’ intellectual property rights.
4.1 Analysis of the interview data, thematic analysis
Context is key when conducting qualitative data analysis. The insights captured from the collected
data via qualitative research method are context-dependent and therefore it is important to explain
them in reference to the context in which that data was collected. The author used thematic analysis

which is one of the most commonly applied methods to analyze qualitative data. In thematic analysis
recurring themes, patterns and correlations between the data are recognized and explicated to generate
insights [25]. So, in a way, the frequency of certain themes that occur in the gathered data act as
stimulus when emphasizing the key findings. The thematic analysis was applied to the free-form

answers of the respondents from structured and semi-structured interviews and the comments that
Vaadin UX developers provided in their detailed UX analysis of each participant’s web application.
As mentioned in the methodology chapter, some interviews were screen recorded while most of the

interviews were not recorded upon the interviewee’s request. Each participant presented their web
application via screen sharing online and therefore it is understandable when some of the companies
choose not to have a screen recording of their internally used web applications or when sensitive data
was displayed. Therefore, the author was taking detailed notes directly during the interview process

of those interviews that were not screen recorded. However, some companies preferred to have a
screen recording session and asked to provide them with a copy of the recording. These companies
found the open form discussions valuable to be recorded as they wanted to understand how their web
application is being perceived by a complete stranger.
To conduct the thematic analysis the author first transcribed all the screen recorded interviews and
then read through each transcript, interview notes and UX developer’s technical analysis reports to
36

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
make sense of the collected interview data. This was done right after each interview to log the ideas
immediately. The data set then was searched across to identify patterns of meanings that reoccur. To
do this the process had to be simplified by coding the data in order to decompose and find
relationships within the recurring topics. Coding in this context means labeling the recurring themes.
After the revision of the collected codes/labels of recurring themes, the author identified those themes
and gave them names [30]. At first, all recurring sentences, phrases, topics were noted, then to
optimize the results, the author grouped them into bigger themes.
Themes identified from thematic analysis:
• Visual hierarchy, visual consistency, visual noise
• Navigation
• Usability issues
• Application’s UI responsiveness

• Reading data, data alignment to help the user read and compare the data easier
• User workflows
• The application is data-intensive by nature
• User experience could be improved
• UI consistency
• Accessibility (new theme)
These 10 themes were identified from discussions during both interview sets, from the participants’
comments when replying to 10 interview questions, and from the professional feedback provided by
Vaadin UX developers to the customers regarding their web applications. The 10 identified themes
mostly corresponded to the 4 UX design principles reviewed in the theoretical part of this thesis. The
theme “accessibility” emerged from the thematic analysis and it has not been mentioned as a separate
topic throughout this thesis work since the topic of accessibility was not related to the scope of the
research questions placed by the author. The reason this topic developed during the interviews is
because the semi-structured interviews allowed quite free-form discussions between the participating
customer and the author, hence there was no limiting range keeping the discussion purely focused on
the topic of minimizing the cognitive load.

37

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
The identified 10 themes were further categorized by the author into the 4 UX design principles that
were researched in this thesis:
Principle #1:

Provide working and short-term memory support
Repetitive tasks can be avoided through shortcuts or other tools

Questions

Complex tasks are broken down into subtasks
Long sequences are broken down into separate steps

Themes

Navigation, user workflows
Application’s UI responsiveness
UI consistency

Principle #2:

Recognition rather than recall

Questions

Visuals are provided as an alternative for reading text
Contextual information required by a task is visible (no memory burden)

Themes

User experience could be improved

Principle #3:

Avoid visual clutter
Colors, font families and styles are used with restraint

Questions

Use of purely decorative elements is kept to minimum
Information is presented in chunks instead of concatenation

Themes

Visual hierarchy, visual consistency, visual noise
Reading data, data alignment to help the user read and compare the data easier

Principle #4:

User’s mental model

Questions

Interface matches the user's mental model
Real-world, established metaphors are used to convey information

Themes

Usability issues

The application is data-intensive by nature

38

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
As explained before, the author conducted these 11 interviews with existing Vaadin customers that
have web applications for businesses. Vaadin has a team of experienced UX experts who apply the
100-item UX checklist to technically assess customers’ web applications against various UX
principles. The author, however, used only 10 questions from this checklist to focus only on reducing
cognitive load. The UX experts at Vaadin further analyzed how each of the 11 companies’ web
application measured on the cognitive load scale using their own metrics systems. The author was
granted permission to share the outcome of the scores given to these eleven companies from the UX
experts’ perspective on cognitive load measurement. The names of the companies have been changed
to numbers for confidentiality. The following table provides an overview of the scores:
Table 1: Overall scores on cognitive load summarized

The result scores ranged from 50% to 100% on a 100% scale, with 100% being the best score to

receive for your web application’s cognitive load minimization. As seen from the results, company
10 received a score of 50% and company 7 received a score of 100%.
Furthermore, the author analyzed the total of answers given to each of the ten questions in the

structured interview part of collecting the qualitative data. As mentioned in the methodology section
of this thesis, there were three possible answers to 10 interview questions: pass, fail and skip. The
following table provides an overall analysis of all the answers given to the 10 questions:
39

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Table 2: Answers to the 10 interview questions graph

Positive replies/Pass:
Let’s first review which questions had the most positive responses, meaning that the interviewee’s
web application met the cognitive load criteria asked within the question. Based on the 11 companies’
web applications the third UX design principle on avoiding visual clutter is being well applied.
Principle #3:

Avoid visual clutter

Questions

Use of purely decorative elements is kept to minimum
Information is presented in chunks instead of concatenation

Results

11 companies practice this UX design principle

Question 4 on how the information is being presented in chunks instead of concatenation had the
highest number of positive replies (11 pass) responses. Based on this outcome it can be assumed that

most companies find it important and easy to implement this simple UX design rule in order to
minimize cognitive load.
The second runner up question was question 1 on keeping decorative elements in the application’s

UI to the minimum to not overload the user’s cognitive load, which is also from the third UX design
principle on avoiding visual clutter. 10 companies were practicing this third UX design principle
based on this question.
40

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Question 6 based on the first UX design principle of providing working and short-term memory
support was the third most positively answered question in these interviews with 9 positive replies.
Question 6 was on the way the complex tasks are presented to the user by being broken down into
sperate steps:
Principle #1:

Provide working and short-term memory support

Question:

Complex tasks are broken down into subtasks

Results

9 companies practice this UX design principle

Negative replies/Fail:
The negative responses or in this case they were labeled as “fail” had lower numbers in general
compared to the positive responses. This could be a piece of relieving news, as it could mean that
companies take user cognitive load into serious consideration, however, this cannot be a sure
statement with this limited data set.
Question number 2 based on the second UX design principle of recognition rather than recall had the
highest number of negative responses. 4 companies’ web applications failed to provide visuals that

could be alternatives for reading text. 4 out of 11 is a 36% rate, but if we also consider that 2
companies were in the “skip” category, meaning that this question wasn’t even applicable to them,
this could also be a red signal and if being completely subjective then the author would have added
those 2 replies to the basket of 4 negative replies, thus increasing the total number of “fail” responses

to 6 out of 11 which would translate to 54%.
Principle #2:

Recognition rather than recall

Questions

Visuals are provided as an alternative for reading text

Results

4 companies fail to practice this UX design principle

Statements such as “visual hierarchy would help a user focus on which part of the app is the most
important” and phrases as visual consistency, visual noise, visual style/appearance were very
frequently occurring when coding the interview data.

41

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
This is an interesting observation of the correlation between the visual design themes and the most
challenge that companies face when reducing the user cognitive load.
Questions 9 and 10 had similar outcomes with 3 companies facing problems for each question asked.
Principle #3:

Avoid visual clutter

Questions

Colors, font families and styles are used with restraint

Results

3 companies fail to practice this UX design principle

Question 9 was on colors, font families and styles while question 10 was on UI matching the user’s
mental mode.
Principle #4:

User’s mental model

Questions

Interface matches the user's mental model

Results

3 companies fail to practice this UX design principle

One factor to note here is that question 10 had also 3 companies that skipped it. The rest of the
questions had similar outcomes with one or two companies failing in each section.
A total of six companies skipped questions 5 and 8. This is more than 50% of the respondents.

Question 5 was on the way companies are conveying information to their users and whether realworld established metaphors were being used. Question 8 was on how users can avoid repetitive tasks
in the given web application.
While most of the responses to all the questions were positive (62.7%), the outcome of “fail” and
“skip” replies are much closer to each other in percentages (17.3% and 20% respectively). The
following pie chart summarizes visually the overall response results:

42

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Table 3: Overall responses pie chart

4.2 Comparison of findings to the literature review
When comparing the qualitative data analysis to the earlier literature review conducted there were
both positive comparisons and negative. The author was of course relieved to find the common

ground between the interview results and the literature review completed, however, there were also
some surprising disparities identified as well. For simplicity purposes, the author will describe each
comparison category separately.

Positives: The thematic analysis matched the 4 UX design principles researched in a literature review
form. Out of 10 themes that emerged from the thematic analysis of the interviews, 9 themes
corresponded to the already presented 4 UX design principles. This was additional supporting
evidence for the theoretical research background that the author provided in chapter 2 of this thesis.
Negatives: The theme of accessibility elicited from the thematic analysis which was not covered by
the author in the theoretical review part. The author did not have research questions on accessibility
and therefore none of the interview questions were targeting to understand how accessibility is tackled

in participants’ web applications’ design. The topic of accessibility emerged during the free-form
discussions in the interviews despite the lack of its direct relevance to the original research questions.

43

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
However, after the thematic analysis, the author researched a bit more on the topic of accessibility
and here are some key takeaways. Simply put, if people with disabilities cannot use your web
application, then your web application is not usable, it must be accessible. According to the World
Health organization’s report on disability, about 15% of world’s population lives with some form of
disability, of whom 2-4% experience significant difficulties in functioning [34]. This is a very
important factor to consider and respect when designing any web application. After a brief look at
the topic of accessibility the author can conclude that it could be researched as its own separate UX
principle topic as it requires complex design decision making processes and deeper understanding of
various types of disabilities.
A wild card: The surprising factor for the author was the topic of latency in the user interface (UI),
this topic did not elicit in the answers of interviewees as the author anticipated. The author has
researched the effect of response delays in the user interface on the human working and short-term
memory in chapter 2. This was deemed as an important criterion to measure when aiming to reduce

the cognitive load. However, this topic did not get the spotlight during the 11 interviews. The
speculations and thoughts on this matter will be shared in the next chapter.

44

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
CHAPTER 5
This concluding chapter first covers the discussion on the outcome results of the collected data and
the author’s personal and professional opinions. Lastly, some recommendations for future work will
be presented.
5.1 Discussion and conclusions
This thesis research was completed through the literature review and qualitative data collection
methodology. There were 3 research questions stated for this thesis work:
Research question (RQ) 1: What is cognitive load in the context of UX?
Research question (RQ) 2: Can the cognitive load be reduced with good/better design and in which
ways?

Research question (RQ) 3: How well are modern web applications today tackling the mission of
reducing cognitive load? What are the areas that today’s web applications could improve?
The first research question was answered in the literature review part of the thesis providing the basis

for the entire research work. The author explored answers to the second research question in a
theoretical form and also applied the theoretical findings to this question in her data collection
methodology. The third research question was answered by collecting qualitative data via structured
and semi-strutted interviews.
The end goal of this thesis work was to answer the three research questions placed and to provide
meaningful insights in a form of discussion and suggestions for future work at the end.

After answering what is cognitive load in UX (RQ1), the author researched the 4 UX design principles
that contribute to reducing the cognitive load (RQ2). Then these 4 UX design principles were
analyzed in-depth through qualitative data collection methodology in the forms of 11 interviews. This
was done to find supporting empirical evidence on the 4 UX design principles and to see how

companies today are tacking cognitive load reduction while applying these 4 UX design principles
(RQ3). During comparison and review of the theoretical background to the empirical evidence, the
author identified some gaps or discrepancies, however, this could be partially due to the scope of the
45

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
thesis work. The gap was in the topic of accessibility that the author did not include in the scope of
this thesis. The topic of user interface (UI) design is quite vast covering everything from usability,
learnability, accessibility, and understandability thus requiring a bigger project or even better
covering each UX design principle into separate research projects. Cognitive load in UX as a topic
itself is extensive too, as it is in the human psychology domain, and simply covering merely types of
human memory, attention, etc. would not fit in the scope of this thesis. The second gap identified
between the theoretical and empirical work was the topic of response time or user interface (UI)
latency from the first UX design principle. While the author placed a heavy emphasis on the
importance of page load time and the time the user has to wait to interact with the web application,
the empirical part of the thesis did not provide supporting evidence on the importance of this topic.
This was a surprising finding for the author. One speculation on this matter is that the interview
questions did not cover this topic. After thinking more about it, the author concluded that it is
challenging to assess how the user’s cognitive load is affected by the page loading time and latencies
in the user interface (UI) in general. One option could have been to conduct an eye-tracking

experiment to explore the correlation between the user’s attention and the delays in the user interface
(UI). This would, however, require a more extensive quantitative analysis approach to the research,
but it would be an interesting project to look into. The author remains of the opinion that this topic is
very important as many usability studies have indicated how frustrated users get when waiting for the

page to load. Also, the author herself is a user of that category of frustrated users.
As mentioned throughout the entire thesis work the less the users have to think about the user interface
(UI) or design of it, the more they have chances to keep their attention on completing their task and

meeting their goal within the given web application. As the results of the data analysis show, many
web applications today still fail to respect the cognitive load of a user to the fullest extent. When
interviewing 11 companies on their web applications, it was evident that not all companies utilize all
4 UX design principles to reduce the cognitive load of their users. Many might argue that companies

have budget constraints and focusing on user cognitive load would take up a budget chuck from their
overall UX budget. However, the author would like to challenge that notion as the entire chapter 2 of
this thesis shows how simple steps following 4 UX design principles can greatly contribute to
reducing the user cognitive load. Whether we like it or not, user cognitive load is here to stay, and we

must continuously work on reducing it and designing the web applications’ UI accordingly. If users
can’t use your web application successfully, then who are you designing the application for?

46

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
Jakob Nielsen’s following quote used by Steve Krug in his book very well concludes the author’s
thoughts on why the basic UX design principles remain actual and applicable no matter how much
the landscape and technology changes:
The human brain’s capacity doesn’t change from one year to the next, so the insights
from studying human behaviour have a very long shelf life. What was difficult for users
twenty years ago, continues to be difficult today (Krug, S. 2014, p.xi).
As presented in chapter 2 of this thesis, there are basic human psychology principles to think about
when making UX design decisions and these principles will remain relevant as long as the human
brain remains in the same state, we know it today. Building good data-intensive applications remains
to be work in progress and there is still room for improvement in many web applications when it
comes to the subject of reducing cognitive load. Technology today changes rapidly, with new web
application frameworks emerging and even new generations of networks developing continuously to

match the demand for the abundant data transfer world we live in today. However, as said above, the
human still remains as a constant variable in this equation. The human brain doesn’t exactly change
rapidly as technology changes. This must be a constant reminder during the UX design process.

5.2. Future work
The first suggestion for future work would be that future research in this field could be more agile to
keep up with the fast-paced changes in the technology scene. Applying existing technologies such as

eye-tracking machines, for example, should be considered as part of the future research work. One
suggestion could be putting together quantitative research of a selected sample pool of the most wellknown, specific data-intensive applications available in the market today. This could be a concrete
analysis based on user testing on how applications work and how users interact with the user interface

(UI) of those systems.
Moreover, there is room for in-depth research on each of the 4 UX design principles researched in
this thesis. The topic of accessibility in UX design could emerge as the 5th UX design principle for

future research.

47

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
The last suggestion for future work would be to study the connection between technology and the
human brain: how UX is designed around human psychology versus when the human brain is being
“trained” to adjust to the emerging technologies.

48

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
REFERENCES:
[1] Steve Krug (2014). Don’t make me think (3rd ed.). USA: New Riders.
[2] Gary Klein (1998). Sources of power: how people make decisions. 20th Anniversary edition.
Cambridge, Massachusetts: The MIT Press.
[3] Herbert A. Simon (1957). Model of man: social and rational (1st ed.). New York: Garland
[4] Donald A. Norman (2002). The design of everything things. New York: Basic Books
[5] William Strunk, Jr. (2006). The elements of style. Mineola, New York: Dover Publications, Inc.
[6] Claudia Roda (2011). Human attention in digital environments. United Kingdom: Cambridge
University Press
[7] Hale, J. (2018). Five Takeaways from the Visual Display of Quantitative Information.
Medium.com platform. Retrieved from https://medium.com/@jeffhale/five-takeaways-from-thevisual-display-of-quantitative-information-dd36dae35299
[8] Sweller, J., Kalyuuga, S. and Ayers, P. (2003). Cognitive load theory. New York, NY: Springer
Science+Business Media, LLC.
[9] Miller, G.A. (1956). The magical number seven, plus or minus two: some limits on our capacity
for processing information. Psychological Review, 63, 81-97. Retrieved April 3, 2020,

from

http://www.musanim.com/miller1956]
[10] Baddeley, A.D., Eysenck, M.W. and Anderson, M.C. (2015). Memory (2nd ed.). New York, NY:
Psychology Press.
[11] Merrill, M. D.; Drake, L.; Lacy, M. J.; Pratt, J. (1996). Reclaiming instructional design (PDF).
Educational Technology. 36 (5): 5–7. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2012-04-26. Retrieved
May 11, 2020.
49

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
[12] Bannert, M. Managing cognitive load - recent trends in cognitive load theory. Learning and
Instruction 12.1 (2002): 139–46. Web.
[13] Baddeley, A. D. and Hitch, G. (1974). Working memory. In G.H. Bower (Ed.), The psychology
of learning and motivation: Advances in research and theory (Vol. 8, pp. 47–89). New York:
Academic Press.
[14] Interaction Design Foundation. (2002).The basics of user experience design (ebook). Retrieved
June 2, 2020 from https://www.interaction-design.org/literature/article/hick-s-law-making-thechoice-easier-for-users
[15] Rosati, L. (October 24–25, 2013). “How to design interfaces for choice: Hick-Hyman law and
classification for information architecture". In Slavic, A.; Salah, A.; Davies, C. (eds.). Classification
and visualization: interfaces to knowledge: proceedings of the International UDC Seminar. The
Hague, The Netherlands. pp. 125–138.
[16] Parker, A., Wilding, E. amd Akerman, C. (1998). The von Restorff Effect in Visual Object
Recognition Memory in Humans and Monkeys: The Role of Frontal/Perirhinal Interaction" (PDF).
Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience. 10 (6): 691–703.
[17] Parker, A., Wilding, E. and Akerman, C (1998). The von Restorff effect in visual object
recognition memory in human and monkeys: the role of frontal/perirhinal interaction. Journal of
Cognitive Neuroscience. 10 (6):691-703.
[18] Evans, D.C. (2017). Bottlenecks: aligning UX design with user psychology. Kenmore,
Washington: Apress.
[19] Gestalt. In oxforddictionaries.com. Retrieved from https://www.lexico.com/en/definition/gestalt
[20] Schimp, E, (2014). Brain Study (If you can read this you have a strong mind.) Project created by
Khan Academy. Retrieved from https://www.khanacademy.org/computer-programming/brain-studyif-you-can-read-this-you-have-a-strong-mind/4681788649635840

50

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
[21] Gkogka, E. (2018). Gestalt principles in UI design. Medium.com platform. Retrieved from
https://medium.muz.li/gestalt-principles-in-ui-design-6b75a41e9965
[22] Time to Iinteractive (2019). Web.dev. Retrieved from https://web.dev/interactive/
[23] Dresser, T., and Roy, D. (2018). Time to Interactive explainer. Retrieved from
https://github.com/WICG/time-to-interactive#definition
[24] Denzin, N.K., and Lincoln, Y.S. (2005). The Sage handbook of qualitative research (3rd ed.).
Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage Publications.
[25] Bryman, A. and Bell, E. (2011). Business research methods (3rd ed.). Oxford: Oxford University
Press.
[26]

Research

guides

by

the

University

of

Southern

California.

Retrieved

from

https://libguides.usc.edu/writingguide/quantitative
[27] Eyal, N. and Hoover, R. (2014). Hooked: how to build habit-forming products. New York, NY:
Portfolio.
[28] Miles, M.B. and Huberman, A.M. (1994). Qualitative data analysis: an expanded sourcebook.
Newbury Park, CA: Sage
[29] Mintzberg, H. (1979). An emerging strategy of “direct” research. Administrative Science
Quarterly. 24 (4), 582-589.
[30] Liamputtong, P. (2013). Qualitative research methods (4th ed.). South Melbourne: Oxford
University Press.
[31] Robson, C. (2002). Real world research: A resource for social sientists and practionerresearchers. (2nd ed.). Blackwell Publishing.

51

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
[32] Dean, J. (2018). How 5G technologies can be implemented more efficiently. Retrieved from
https://www.techradar.com/news/how-5g-technologies-can-be-implemented-more-efficiently
[33] McKay, E.N. (2013). UI is communication: how to design intuitive, user centered interfaces by
focusing on effective communication. Waltham, MA: Elsevier Inc.
[34] World Health Organization (2011). World report on disability. Retrieved from
https://www.who.int/disabilities/world_report/2011/report/en/
[35] Halarewich, D. (2016). Reducing cognitive overload for a better user experience. Retrieved from
https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/09/reducing-cognitive-overload-for-a-better-userexperience/
[36] Whitenton, K. (2013). Minimize cognitive load to maximize usability. Nielsen Normal Group.
Retrieved from https://www.nngroup.com/articles/minimize-cognitive-load/
[37] Wroblewski, L. (2018). Three facts about white space that all designers should know. Retrieved
from

https://www.contentder.com/details/post/53/Three-Facts-About-White-Space-That-All-

Designers-Should-Know/
[38] What is GitHub? Retrieved from github.com
[39] Lakoff, G., and Johnson, M. (2003). Metaphors we live by (1st ed.). London, UK: The University
of Chicago Press. Ltd.
[40] Osmani, A. (2017). A Pinterest progressive web app performance case study. Medium.com
platform.

Retrieved

from

https://medium.com/dev-channel/a-pinterest-progressive-web-app-

performance-case-study-3bd6ed2e6154
[41] Chauncey, W. (2014). Interview techniques for UX practitioners: a user-centered design method.
Waltham, MA: Elsevier Inc.

52

Aliia Kodzhoshalieva
[42] Edward Tufte (1992). The visual display of quantitative information (12th pr.). Chesire, CT:
Graphics Press.
[43] Nielsen, J. (1997). The need for speed. Retrieved from https://www.nngroup.com/articles/theneed-for-speed-1997/ on June 7, 2020
[44]

Moran,

K.

(2016).

How

chunking

helps

content

processing.

Retrieved

from

https://www.nngroup.com/articles/chunking/ on June 7, 2020.
[45] Budui, R. (2014). Memory recognition and recall in user interfaces. Retrieved from
https://www.nngroup.com/articles/recognition-and-recall/
[46] Hartson, R., and Pyla, P.S. (2012). The UX book: process and guidelines for ensuring a quality
user experience. Waltham, WA: Elsevier, Inc.
[47] James Montalbano: https://userexperiences.co/design-ui-for-recognition-more-than-for-reading35ce510b0221

[48] Dodiya, J. (2016). What is mental model in user interface design? Retrieved from
https://www.researchgate.net/post/What_is_a_mental_model_in_user_interface_design/56c32d9762
25ff40868b4575/citation/download

53

