MASTER S
́ THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Iina-Mari Laine
Parents Decision in Vaccinating the Child and State Obligations from the Perspective of
Individual Rights and Community Health with Regard Compulsory MMR-Vaccination
Programmes in Europe

Master ś Thesis in Public International
Law
Master ś Programme in International
Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi 2020

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents …………………………………………………………………………..…. i
Abbreviations …....................................................................................................................... ii
Abstract …………………...………………………………………………………................ iii
1. INTRODUCTION ................................................................................................................ 1
1.1 Background and Statement of the Research Problem .…………………………………... 1
1.2 Methodology, Material and Limitations ............................................................................. 5
2. THE PARENTS RESPONSIBILITY IN THE DECISION MAKING CONCERNING
THE CHILD ………………………...……….…………………............................................. 7
2.1 Parental Responsibility from the Perspective of the Best Interest of the Child …………. 7
2.2 The Parents Right to Decide What is the Best Interest of the Child in Relation to
Vaccinating the Child Against Measles, Mumps and Rubella Where a Medical Reason is not
the Basis for the Refusal ...…………………….……………………………………………. 16
3. STATE OBLIGATIONS IN PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS AND PUBLIC
HEALTH ……………………………………………………………………………….…... 31
3.1 Vaccination Policies: Compulsory or Voluntary Vaccination Programmes? ………….. 31
3.2 State’s Positive and Negative Obligations to Protect the Individual Rights and the
Community Health in Relation to MMR Vaccination Programmes ……...………………... 34
3.3 Balancing the Rights Between the Individual and the Community with Regard to the
MMR Vaccine Programmes …………………………….....……………………………….. 43
3.4 Herd Immunity vs. Bodily Integrity and Individual Liberty ...……………………..…... 53
3.5 State Measures due to Parents Non-Vaccinating Decision ………………………….…. 58
4. CONCLUSION .................................................................................................................. 62
BIBLIOGRAPHY ………………………………………………………………….…...….. 65

i

Abbreviations
CoE

Council of Europe

CESCR Committee

Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

CRC

Convention on the Right of the Child

CRC Committee

Committee on the Rights of the Child

ECHR

European Convention on Human Rights

ECtHR

European Court of Human Rights

HRC

Human Rights Committee

ICCPR

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

ICESCR

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

MMR-Vaccine

Measles, Mumps and Rubella Vaccine

OHCHR

High Commissioner for Human Rights

SP

State Party

UN

United Nations

UNICEF

United Nations Children's Fund

WHO

World Health Organization

ii

ÅBO AKADEMI –
ECONOMICS

FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES,

BUSINESS AND

Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human
Rights Law
Author: Iina-Mari Laine
Title of Thesis: Parents Decision in Vaccinating the Child and State Obligations from the
Perspective of Individual Rights and Community Health with Regard Compulsory MMRVaccination Programmes in Europe
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Abstract:
Human rights, especially rights of the individual and right to self-determination are in a very
strong position in today's world. State restriction of human rights requires careful
consideration and justification. The state must strike a balance between the individual and the
community and strive in the best possible way to guarantee the realization of the human rights
of all relevant parties. However, in some situations, the state is obliged to act in the best
assessment of its ability between the individual and the community. Thus, the state may need
to decide which rights it considers to be more important, referring to parents’ decision,
whether to vaccine their child with regard to measles, mumps and rubella vaccine (MMR
vaccine).
This thesis aims to examine the legal justification with regard to compulsory MMR
vaccination programmes under the international human rights law. The main research question
addressed in this study is as follows: Is it legally justified for European states who are parties
to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the European Convention on Human Rights, and
the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in limiting individual rights, through
imposing compulsory MMR vaccination programmes?
This thesis argues that compulsory vaccination programmes could be justified under
international human rights law, where a state can present a compelling need and a legally
justifiable reason to restrict individual rights. For example, in some circumstances, a state can
justifiably restrict individual rights, for example, freedom of religion, which is found in article
9 of the European Convention on Human Rights. In several cases Court has stated that
freedom of religion is not a justification for endangering the community. The Court considers,
that the state has the right to restrict the freedom of the individual to protect the safety of the
community and public health. Compulsory vaccination programmes restrict the rights of
individuals. However, the state should not impose such restrictions on individual rights
without necessity. Nonetheless, if the state considers the competing interests of the
community, such as the public health, more important than the rights of the individual, the
rights of the individuals are overridden. It could be argued that a compulsory vaccination
programme can be considered justified if a voluntary vaccination programme does not work
in the society. Therefore, individual rights and freedoms are not a justification for endangering

3

others, which advocates the states obligation to restrict the individual rights with regard to a
compulsory vaccination-programme.
This thesis adopts a legal-dogmatic method of research. The method interprets and researches
the law that is currently existing. Legal-dogmatic method identifies and examines the
interpretation of the norms of the relevant agreements and assesses how they relate to each
other. It determines how these norms are weighed, between the rights of the child, the rights
of parents, and the obligations of the state. The main focus is in the Convention on the Rights
of the Child and the European Convention on Human Rights. The thesis presents case law
from the European Court of Human Rights and the discussion and analysis is in part
emphasizing these decisions.
Keywords: Best Interest of the Child, Compulsory Vaccination Programme, Convention on
the Right of the Child, Measles, Mumps and Rubella, MMR-Vaccine, Right to Education,
Right to Freedom of Thought, Conscience and Religion, Right to Health, Right to Life, Right
to Privacy and Family Life, Parents’ Rights, State Obligations, Voluntary Vaccination
Programme, Vaccine Preventable Diseases

Date:
6.7.2020

Number of pages: 64
Number of words (excluding bibliography and
annexes): 26 958

4

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Background and Statement of the Research Problem
Vaccines have been one of the biggest success stories of modern medicine. 1 The World Health
Organisation (WHO) estimates that vaccinations delivered around the world have prevented at
least 10 million deaths between 2010 and 2015. 2 According to the WHO, vaccines can protect
all children from illness and death,3 and vaccinations against infectious diseases constitute one
of the most important health determinants, alongside food and clean water. 4
States have established vaccination programmes that people are either recommended or
ordered to follow. Vaccination policies vary throughout the world. In some states, vaccination
is purely voluntary, while in others it is deemed compulsory by the state. Several European
countries, such as Italy, France and the Czech Republic have introduced laws making
vaccinations compulsory for children for a number of vaccine-preventable childhood diseases. 5
The legal field of such laws affects and gives rise to several competing interests of the parents,
the child and the state. 6 The Czech Republic has imposed a compulsory vaccination programme
containing 9 vaccines. 7 In Finland, vaccination is recommended by the State, and all children
and adolescents have the opportunity to be vaccinated free of charge against 11 different
diseases,8 their sequelae and long-term harm.9 The MRR-vaccine is part of the Finnish
vaccination programme, and the vaccine is administered for the first time when the child is
between the age of 12 and 18 months. 10 Measles is a highly transmitted infectious disease and
can cause serious health consequences, even death. 11 It is included in the MMR vaccine, which
also protects against mumps and rubella. 12

1 World Health Organization, https://www.who.int/publications/10-year-review/vaccines/en/, 28.1.2020
2 Ibid
3 Ibid
4 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, p. 59
5 Camilleri, 2019, p. 247
6 Ibid, p. 245
7 Bozzola, Spina, Russo, Bozzola, Corsello and Villani, 2018, p. 3
8 Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare, https://thl.fi/en/web/vaccination/national-vaccinationprogramme/vaccination-programme-for-children-and-adolescents, 24.5.2020
9 Terveyden ja Hyvinvoinnin Laitos, https://thl.fi/fi/web/infektiotaudit-ja-rokotukset/tietoarokotuksista/kansallinen-rokotusohjelma/rokotusohjelma-lapsille-ja-aikuisille#lapset, 22.5.2020
10 Ibid
11 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, p. 62
12 Ibid, pp. 62-63

1

The aim of this thesis is to examine the legal justifications of states in imposing compulsory
MMR vaccination programmes under international human rights law. The main focus of this
thesis is to study how the competing interests of the individual and the community are balanced,
when states impose compulsory MMR-vaccination programmes. The question of justifying a
compulsory vaccination programmes requires weighing these interests and therefore it is
important to take both aspects into account.
The legal basis and the scope of this thesis is to analyse the whether the compulsory MMR
vaccination programmes can be legally justified under the international human rights
framework. The main research question addressed in this study is as follows: Is it legally
justified for European states who are parties to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the
European Convention on Human Rights, and the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights in limiting individual rights, through imposing compulsory MMR vaccination
programmes? This analysis requires an examination of the state's obligation to intervene in the
parents' decision not to vaccinate a child against vaccine-preventable diseases where a medical
reason is not the basis for the refusal. The thesis considers the parents’ right to make decisions
on behalf of their children, and state obligations to protect the rights of the individual while
also protecting public health.
In order to successfully analyse this question, the following issues need to be addressed: (1)
Parents’ rights to decide for their children and determining the best interest of the child in
relation to MMR vaccine. (2) Whether the parents can refuse to vaccinate the child against
measles, mumps and rubella where a medical reason is not the basis for the refusal. (3) The
state's positive and negative obligations to protect public health over the individual rights, such
as to intervene / restrict the right of the parents to decide whether to vaccinate the child. (4)
Voluntary and compulsory vaccination programmes from a human rights perspective. (5)
Individual self-determination vs. herd immunity with regard MMR vaccine.
The topic is worth researching because it is unclear whether compulsory vaccination
programmes comply with the human rights framework. Human rights, especially rights of the
individual and right to self-determination are in a very strong position in today's world. State
restriction of individual rights requires careful consideration and justification. It is also difficult

2

to determine whether the MMR-vaccine is in the best interest of the child, since measles for
instance is only rarely fatal.
As a starting point, it is assumed that parents have the right to choose and decide what is in the
best interest of their child. However, the rights of parents are not unlimited. In this thesis, the
parents are considered the child’s legal guardians, although not all the parents are considered
to be the child’s legal guardians or vice versa. Children as a particular group are more
vulnerable than adults, they have the same rights as adults, but they may not be able to decide
what is in their best interest. Minor patients form a special group in health care, and authorities
must take into account the specific legal status of the child. 13 Therefore, children need an adult
or an authority to decide for them. The freedom of parents to decline health treatment on behalf
of their children varies depending on the domestic setting in question. From the Finnish
perspective, the Finnish Act on the Status and Rights of Patients, 9§ (4)14, provides that the
parents of a minor does not have the right to prohibit necessary treatment to address a life or
health threat. 15 If so detected, the state has the final right to consider the best interest of the
child and to protect the human rights of the individuals and the community.
Article 3 (2) of the Convention on the Rights of the Child prompts states to take into account
the rights and obligations of parents. 16 According the article 18 of the Convention on the Rights
of the Child, 17 parents have the primary right and duty to look after their child's well-being and
upbringing, and to receive government support for their upbringing. 18 Nonetheless, states may
have a reasonable right to limit parents’ choices in regard to the decision not to vaccinate, in
order to protect public health, thus helping to guarantee the rights of others. There are different
vaccination programmes, and each state draws its own conclusion about which vaccination
programmes will serve the needs of their society and protect against potential threats from
infectious diseases. Voluntary vaccination programmes use public education to inform
individuals about the availability, benefits, and risks of vaccination, but leave the choice to
immunise to the sole discretion of the parents in the case of childhood vaccinations. 19 A
recommended programme, by contrast, uses public education and expert advice to induce
13 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, p. 21
14 Finnish Act on the Status and Rights of Patients 9 § (4)
15 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, p. 72
16 Ibid, p. 36
17 Convention on the Rights of the Child, Article, 18
18 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, p. 36
19 Holland and Zachary, 2014, pp. 33-34

3

uptake.20 Elective programmes provide information to the vaccine consumer but offer no
opinion, whereas recommended programmes aim to raise immunisation rates. 21 Compulsory
programmes leave almost no discretion to individuals on whether to vaccinate, with significant
penalties for non-compliance.22 Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children frequently
express concerns about vaccine safety. 23 The internet can influence perceptions about vaccines
because it is the fastest growing source of consumer health information. 24 Many parents are
concerned that a child might develop a long-term medical condition as a result of vaccination,
and they are uncomfortable having their child vaccinated due to health concerns . 25 In deciding
against vaccinating their child, some parents rely on their belief systems, refusing to vaccinate
on religious grounds. A small child does not have a voice to make the decision on his or her
own, therefore it is up to the parents to make a decision for the child.
In some countries, such as the Czech Republic and Australia, children are prohibited from
attending day care and school unless they have been vaccinated, or alternatively the parents are
denied child benefit if they do not follow the vaccination policy. If the state endorses the
recommended vaccination programmes, in the event of an epidemic it is possible for state to
order all children to be vaccinated. This depends on the national legislation. Therefore, states
can override the parents’ decision in regard to their child, in order to improve herd
immunisation and to protect public health. According to 47 § of the Finnish Communicable
Diseases Act, a protective vaccination against a common infectious disease may be ordered if
the vaccination is necessary to prevent the spread of the disease which causes serious damage
to the life and health of the population. 26 This occurs only in situations of a disease breakout.
The highly contagious measles requires that at least 95% of the population is vaccinated, in
order to guarantee herd protection for the people who for several reasons cannot be vaccinated,
for instance, infants. A high national vaccination coverage is more important than before,
because the increased mobility of people, including the spread of communicable diseases, is
now faster and more widespread worldwide. 27

20 Holland and Zachary, 2014, p. 34
21 Ibid
22 Ibid
23 Zimmerman, Wolfe, Fox, Fox, Nowalk, Troy, and Sharp, 2005, p. 1
24 Ibid
25 Ibid, p. 2
26 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, pp. 70-71
27 Ibid, p. 60

4

1.2 Methodology, Material and Limitations
This thesis adopts a legal-dogmatic method of research. The method interprets and researches
the law that is currently existing. Legal-dogmatic method identifies and examines the
interpretation of the norms of the relevant agreements and assesses how they relate to each
other. It determines how these norms are weighed, between the rights of the child, the rights of
parents, and the obligations of the state. The Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC) is
central to this thesis, as the main focus of the research is on the realisation of the rights of the
child from the perspective of the parental decision-making and the states balancing
responsibility between individual and community rights. The European Convention on Human
Rights (ECHR) is important because the European Court of Human Rights has extensive case
law when evaluating the topic from the perspective of competing interests between the
individual and the community. The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
(ICCPR) is important, as case law of the Human Rights Committee (HRC) on the freedom of
religion is central to this thesis. However, the same rights can be found in the ECHR, and
therefore the ICCPR does not play as big a role in this thesis. The International Covenant on
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR) is also analysed in this thesis. However, as
the central aspect of this thesis is not in the right to health, economic and social rights remain
somewhat secondary to this research.
In order to understand parental decision making with regard to the MMR vaccination from the
perspective of individual rights, and the state obligation to protect the rights of the community
from the perspective of public health, it is necessary to analyse the current international legal
framework. The thesis primarily approaches the research problem from the point of view the
CRC, while also analysing relevant aspects of the ECHR, the ICCPR, and the ICESCR. The
thesis contains caselaw from the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), General
Comments of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC Committee), Fact Sheets from
the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) and the World Health Organization
(WHO). The thesis conducts research of academic literature, data-based research, analysis of
existing secondary data, including books, journals, legal articles and online sources. Through
these sources, it is possible to achieve exploratory analysis as well as answering the research
question of this research.

5

This thesis is limited to the European perspective. However, it excludes the European Union
(EU) framework. This study examines European state compliance with relevant aspects of the
CRC, the ECHR, the ICCPR and the ICESCR to the extent of their ratification of the
aforementioned instruments. The focus of the thesis is limited to young children who are
incapable of participating in decisions in regard to receiving the MMR vaccine. This means
that some other method of decision-making about vaccination needs to be in place (in the first
instance, the child’s parents). The thesis excludes other childhood vaccines and voluntary
vaccines, and when the thesis discusses vaccines, it refers to the MMR vaccine. Other vaccines,
such as polio vaccine and hepatitis B vaccine may have been used as case-specific examples
to reinforce the argumentation. The thesis excludes the other non-vaccinated and vulnerable
groups, such as infants who are too young to be vaccinated, elderly and people who cannot be
vaccinated for medical reasons, for example, pregnant women and cancer patients. The thesis
focuses on the MMR vaccine because it is a good example of a not-so-deadly disease that still
has dramatic and widespread public health consequences.
The structure of the thesis is as follows. It is divided into four parts. The first chapter introduces
the aim of the thesis and the research questions, methodology, the used material, and the
limitations of this thesis. Chapter two considers the parents’ rights and obligations and starts
with an introduction of the parents’ decision making, concerning the child, explains briefly the
definition of a child, the principle of the best interest of the child and the parents’ role from the
perspective of the rights of the child. The chapter continues with an analysis of parents’ right
to decide what is in the best interest of their child in relation to the decision of non-vaccination,
where a medical reason is not the basis for the refusal. The third chapter considers the State’s
obligations to protect individual child’s rights and public health matters. The chapter starts with
a comparison between the voluntary and compulsory vaccination programmes. It then
continues with an analysis of the state’s positive and negative obligations to protect the
individual and community rights in regard to MMR vaccinations, and the justification of states
in intervening in parents’ refusal to vaccinate their child. This chapter then analyzes the
balancing of rights between the individual and the community, discussing the conflict between
individual and community rights, particularly the conflict between individual liberty to decide
whether or not to vaccinate the child versus the public health benefit of herd immunity. Finally,
this chapter examines state measures as a result of parents non-vaccinating decision. The
conclusion summarises the main findings and answers the research question.

6

2. THE PARENTS RESPONSIBILITY IN THE DECISION MAKING CONCERNING
THE CHILD
2.1 Parental Responsibility from the Perspective of the Best Interest of the Child Principle
According to Article 1 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, a child means every human
being below the age of eighteen years unless under the law applicable to the child, maturity is
attained earlier. 28 The Committee of the CRC has proposed a definition of early childhood to
the period from birth to the age of 8 years. 29
Children have historically been treated as property. 30 Parents may hold the view that the
relationship with their child is something that should be outside the control of others and that
it is a personal, emotional and private relationship that should be exempt from state
intervention.31 The CRC challenges the conception that parents have absolute rights over their
children.32 There are no parental rights, but only parental obligations, and these obligations
carry with them certain privileges or permissions granting parents discretion in how they fulfil
these duties. 33 The CRC Committee wishes to encourage recognition that young children are
holders of all rights enshrined in the CRC, and that early childhood is a critical period for the
realization of these rights. 34 Children are entitled to special protection measures and, in
accordance with their evolving capacities, the progressive exercise of their rights” 35 Children
are not yet physically, mentally, emotionally or spiritually fully developed, and are
consequently to a certain, though varying, extent dependent on others for protection, provision
and decision-making and their vulnerability needs to be met with specific rights. 36 Principal
justification for children's legal disabilities is that children lack the rationality to make key
decisions or to care for themselves adequately. 37 Therefore somebody else has to monitor their
interests and fulfil their needs in the best possible way. Children should live free from fear,

28 Convention on the Rights of the Child, 1990, Article 1
29 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 3
30 Godwin, 2015, p. 4
31 Vopat, 2015, p. 64
32 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 76
33 Vopat, 2015, p. 64
34 United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, General Comment No. 7, 2005
35 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 3
36 Sandberg, 2015, p. 222
37 Godwin, 2015, p. 9-10

7

safe from violence and protected from abuse and exploitation, 38 and seen as subjects of rights
rather than their parents' property and objects of charity. 39
Parents have the primary responsibility for the upbringing and development of the child. 40
Rights ascribed to children change as they mature and parents are obligated to provide children
with the things they need. 41 Most countries grant parents rebuttable legal rights to make
treatment decisions on behalf of their young children, creating a presumption in favour of
parental rights.42 Such rights are normally rebuttable: they can be set aside by courts where
parents decisions pose a significant risk to the life or well-being of the child. 43 The CRC
Committee on the Rights of the Child has highlighted that in article 3 (1) 44, the best interests
of the child shall be a primary consideration in all actions concerning children. 45 ‘‘In all actions
concerning children, whether undertaken by public or private social welfare institutions, courts
of law, administrative authorities or legislative bodies, the best interests of the child shall be a
primary consideration.’’46 The best interest of the child is defined as ‘‘acting so as to promote
maximally the good of the individual.’’47 Best interests in relation to infants should be
determined by seeking to balance the potential harms and benefits of possible actions and
inactions.48 The CRC Committee underlines that the child's best interests, is a threefold
concept: a substantive right, a fundamental, interpretative legal principle and a rule of
procedure.49 According to the Commissioner for Human Rights, Article 3 of CRC is one of the
general principles and an ‘umbrella’ provision, which should always be linked to other articles
in the Convention. 50 The best interest principle in parental responsibility is found in article 18
of CRC.51 The substantive articles of the Convention give clear directions and limits on how
children should and should not be treated. 52 The Commissioner for Human Rights states that
the Convention does not offer any definite statement of what is in the best interests of an

38 UNICEF, 2005, https://www.unicef.org/sowc05/english/childhooddefined.html, 25.2.2020
39 Sandberg, 2015, p. 222
40 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 232
41 Vopat, 2015, p. 65
42 Dare, 2009, p. 947
43 Ibid
44 Convention on the Rights of the Child, 1990, Article 3 (1)
45 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 35
46 Convention on the Rights of the Child, 1990, Article 3 (1)
47 Diekema, 2004, p. 246
48 Dawson, 2005, p. 75
49 Committee on the Rights of the Children, General comment No. 14, 2013, p. 2
50 Hammarberg, 2008, pp. 4-5
51 Ibid, p. 5
52 Ibid

8

individual child in a given situation. 53 The best interests standard is the threshold most
frequently employed in challenging parents refusal to provide consent for a child’s medical
care,54 and the best interests of the child will be the parents basic concern in deciding whether
or not to immunise the child. However, the perception of what is in the best interest of a
particular child is subjective. 55 It requires interpretation on a case by case basis and there may
be several contributing factors such as standards of living or availability of medical supplies,
for example vaccinations. The best interest of the child is to live life to the fullest. Parents and
the state may have dissenting views on the realisation of the best interest of the child in a variety
of areas, including whether or not to vaccinate the child.
It could be argued that if the state follows a voluntary or recommended vaccination programme,
the decision whether to vaccinate a child is left to the parents. A voluntary vaccination
programme provides advantages from the individual rights perspective, in this case, with the
individual being the parents. A compulsory vaccination programme, on the other hand, does
not allow room for parents’ decisions regarding vaccination of their child. It cannot be said that
vaccinating is always seen as an obvious measure or always in the best interests of the child.
Each case must be individually and carefully considered, in order to ascertain what is in the
best interest of each child. Every child is an individual, and each individual has his or her own
individual needs. The nature of best interests and the true determination of the best interests of
the child may have nothing to do with what the majority of people would have chosen. The
only relevant factor is which outcome will maximise the welfare of the individual.56 Because
every child is an individual who has his or her own needs, a compulsory vaccination
programme cannot be considered in the best interest of every child. Possible limitations in
regard to vaccinating a child must be considered for each individual, and the need for
vaccinating must always be identified on a case-by-case basis even, if the state has a certain
policy on vaccination.
A compulsory vaccination programme may be considered a violation of the rights of the
individual from the parents’ point of view. In states with compulsory vaccination programmes,
the state is interfering with parents’ decision-making powers. If the parents do not want to

53 Hammarberg, 2008, p. 4
54 Diekema, 2004, p. 243
55 Fernbach, 2011, p. 341
56 Dawson, 2005, p. 196

9

vaccinate their child, but vaccination is considered to be in the best interests of the child, the
best interests of the child could be realised through a compulsory vaccination programme, as
it revokes the parents right to decide whether to vaccinate a child. Thus, the child's right to, for
example, health care and education in this case could be realised through a compulsory
vaccination programme. Besides the realisation of these rights, the compulsory vaccination
programme can also be justified by ensuring the safety of the community. Therefore,
compulsory vaccination policies could also be compared, for example, to security searches at
airports when people have to take off their headgear or robes, which they wear for religious
reasons. This violates a person's freedom of religion, but the measure can be justified by the
need to ensure public safety.
The fundamental rights contained in the ECHR are not absolute. 57 Interferences with most of
the Convention rights are acceptable as long as a reasonable justification can be provided. 58
The best known justifications in this respect are the justification clauses of Articles 8–11 of the
ECHR, which stipulate that limitations on the rights contained in these Articles are justifiable
if they are “necessary in a democratic society” for the protection of one of the enumerated
public policy interests. 59 Article 8 ECHR, right to respect for private and family life, home and
correspondence60 and Article 9 ECHR, freedom of thought, conscience and religion61 are very
strongly featured in this thesis. The classic elements of proportionality review are suitability,
necessity, and a reasonable balance between the interests concerned. 62 The purpose of this
principle is to limit the rights of the individual if deemed necessary. However, with regard
voluntary vaccination programmes, if they work in the community, then there is no reason to
restrict more than is needed. One could argue that a compulsory vaccination programme is a
good example of how the state has seen the need to limit an individual’s decision-making power
with regard to vaccinating.
States must ensure necessary protection and care for all children in their jurisdiction. 63 They
must take into account of the rights and duties of parents and others legally responsible for the

57 Gerards, 2013, p. 466
58 Ibid
59 Ibid
60 European Convention on Human Rights, 1953, Article 8
61 European Convention on Human Rights, 1953, Article 9
62 Gerards, 2013, p. 467
63 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 40

10

child.64 Article 3 (2) of CRC provides ‘‘States Parties undertake to ensure the child such
protection and care as is necessary for his or her well-being, taking into account the rights and
duties of his or her parents, and, to this end, shall take all appropriate legislative and
administrative measures.’’65 Welfare is commonly used to summarise children’s well-being,
needs and interests. 66 Systems that prioritise the child’s interests, whatever the reason for public
intervention, have therefore been characterised as having a ‘welfare’ approach. 67 This implies
that the state should take measures to achieve the best interests of the child and also support
parents in their rights and obligations towards the child and, if necessary, take measures to
safeguard the best interests of the child.
It could be argued that a voluntary vaccination programme can be considered ideal for the
realisation of individual rights. A voluntary vaccination programme would specifically support
the rights of parents towards their children. However, it is uncertain whether this reflects the
best interests of the child. In order for herd immunisation to succeed, a certain percentage of
the population must be vaccinated, as this will reduce the risk of an outbreak or the spread of
the disease. If herd protection fails to reach required level or there is a risk of a disease breakout,
the disease may quickly spread to a large part of the population. Consequently, the state may
have to change its vaccination policy from voluntary to compulsory i.e., the state will have to
act as required by the situation. Compulsory vaccination programmes have sought to reduce
parental abstinence from vaccinating children, thus aiming to ensure sufficiently high
vaccination coverage. Compulsory vaccination programmes could be criticised and described
as depriving an individual of autonomy in decision-making and, for example, freedom of
religion, but the state has a duty to safeguard the rights of the wider population. In this case,
the key issue is the maintenance of public health.
The state must always act in accordance with its assessment of the value of individual and
community rights and that the rights of the individual are marginalised if the safety and public
health of the community are at risk. A voluntary vaccination programme would not work in all
states, as in some states there are, for example, more parents who refuse to vaccinate the child
by invoking to religion, and therefore many children may not be vaccinated due to parental

64 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 40
65 Convention on the Rights of the Child Article 3 (2), 1990
66 Hill, 2006, p. 18
67 Ibid

11

decision. A compulsory vaccination programme could ensure sufficiently high vaccination
coverage to ensure herd protection. The herd protection protects those who cannot receive the
vaccine and that way no one could opt out of vaccinations. The compulsory vaccination
programme can be seen as violating the right of the individual, in this case the parents, to decide
for their child, but the purpose of the compulsory vaccination programme is, in principle, to
consider the safety of the community and not only to take the individual into account.
Parents are assumed to have only the best interests of their children at heart. 68 The primacy of
parents, over everyone and everything else, is to determine what is best for their child. 69 It is
understood that parents are in the most-fitting position to decide what is best for their child,
and the optimal place for the child to be raised and nurtured is in the family nucleus.70 Parents
retain the right to make a multitude of decisions on behalf of their children and parents are
expected to make these decisions in a responsible manner. 71 In some sense, is taken for granted
that parents will make the right choices for their children and exercise their parental rights in a
manner that satisfies the "natural inclination and aspirations of the children." 72 “The best
interests of the child” are not written on tablets of stone and it will vary from child to child. 73
Parents may have quite different views on what are a particular child’s best interests, 74 and,
whether a particular vaccination at a particular time is in their child’s best interests. 75 The
central focus for any parent when faced with the prospect of a possible vaccination will surely
be what they believe to be in the best interests of their own child. 76
When parents decide against vaccinating their child where a medical reason is not the basis for
the refusal, this decision is frequently based on belief, rather than a scientifically proven reason
for the decision. It is difficult to believe that any parent neglects a child's health by negligence
or indifference. It may be difficult to precisely define ‘‘in the best interest’’ of a child if
controversy surround that determination. 77 The best interest standard is most easily applied in
situations where a child’s life is jeopardised and where death can be averted with easy, safe,

68 Farrugia, 2000, p. 127
69 Stern, 2019, p. 81
70 Ibid, p. 91
71 Farrugia, 2000, p. 131
72 Ibid, p. 127
73 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 233
74 Ibid
75 Dawson, 2005, p. 190
76 Ibid
77 Diekema, 2004, p. 246

12

and effective treatments. 78 In situations involving less serious threats to a child’s health79, as in
the case of MMR vaccination, it may be more difficult to determine whether parental refusal
of permission violates the standard. 80
There is the interest of the parents to make decisions for their child on the basis of their right
to family life and their right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. 81 There is the
interest of the child to his or her private life, to enjoy the highest attainable standard of health
and to have the best interest principle given primary consideration in any decision affecting
him or her.82 Every child has unquestioned right to life and right to health, which creates a
foundation and enables the child's other rights. The CRC Committee highlights that the right
to health is a prerequisite to enjoy other fundamental and human rights. 83 In some situations,
the right to education may suffer if these fundamental rights mentioned above are not fulfilled.
There is also the interest of the state to interfere with and restrict the enjoyment of individuals’
rights on the basis of the protection of public health and for the protection of the rights and
freedoms of others. 84
It could be argued that voluntary vaccination programmes do not violate the rights of the
individual, as the child’s parents are the ones who can decide whether or not to vaccinate the
child. Voluntary vaccination programmes are based on the parents’ decisions and discretion.
However, such voluntary programmes may not reflect the child’s best interests in all situations.
For example, in some circumstances, parental refusal of vaccination or other health treatment,
due to religious or cultural grounds may not reflect the interest of their child. For instance,
some religions forbid certain medical procedures such as blood transfusions or vaccinations,
based on the belief that vaccines may be considered dangerous or unnecessary. Refusal of
blood transfusion on religious grounds, even where the child’s life is at risk, is clearly not in
the best interests of the child, as the child could die. In such circumstances, it is very clear that
the state should intervene. As a result, some states have decided to follow a compulsory
vaccination programme. However, compulsory vaccination programmes may be seen as
violating the rights of the individual and deprive them of the right to make decisions regarding
78 Diekema, 2004, p. 246
79 Ibid
80 Ibid
81 Camilleri, 2019, p. 249
82 Ibid
83 Hakalehto and Pahlman, 2018, p. 22
84 Camilleri, 2019, p. 250

13

the integrity of their own body as well as the freedom to practice religion. The adversarial
competition of the interests of an individual against those of the whole community, within
which the balance test frames the examination of the human rights claims of vulnerable
individuals. It can also be justified from a conceptual point of view, which is equally pertinent
given that no legitimate aims are specified as community interests for which a balance is
required. 85 It is, therefore, asked how the individual and the community can ever be subjected
to such a rigid division, as if the community is not an inclusive entity for all individuals. 86
It is not so much a question that the state has a margin of appreciation in striking a balance
between ‘competing’ interests, but whether the courts are capable of estimating the borders of
its democratic limit and determining accordingly the exact point of its legitimate intervention
to impose positive obligations on the states vis-à-vis the human rights of vulnerable
individuals.87 The courts has often ruled in favour of protecting the public health when
balancing the rights of an individual against the interest of the state. 88 It could be argued that
the role of the state is to act as a balancing factor between the individual, such as the child and
the parent, and the community, such as the children and other parents. Thus, we must examine
what is important to emphasise when balancing the realisation of the rights of different parties.
Article 5 of the CRC, together with article 18 in particular, provides a framework for the
relationship between the child, the parents and family, and the state. 89 Article 5 of CRC makes
clear that the nature of parental direction and guidance is not unlimited; it must be
“appropriate”, be consistent with the “evolving capacities of the child” and with the remainder
of the Convention.90 Parental decision power to their child is not without limitations, the state
has the power to intervene when children are being neglected. 91 Failure to act responsibly, and,
indeed, failure to act at all, often leads to the curtailment of parental rights to decide on matters
related to their children. 92 This termination of parental rights, however, does not completely

85 Xenos, 2011, p. 148
86 Ibid
87 Ibid, p. 149
88 Consalvo, 2019, p. 1520
89 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 75
90 Ibid, p. 79
91 Stern, 2019, p. 91
92 Farrugia, 2000, p. 131

14

solve the problem. 93 It only leaves the child in a vacuum where someone else must take over
the exercise of parental responsibility - and who else is available other than the state?94
The CRC considers the child as the active subject of rights, emphasising the exercise “by the
child” of his or her rights. 95 The CRC creates positive and negative rights that parents have the
"primary responsibility" to fulfil and to respect; although the state is the secondary party with
regard to all CRC rights. 96 That is, the CRC obligates states to fulfil the children's rights if the
parents do not.97 Thus children, if they are not entitled to choose, cannot be seen as rightholders, though they can be the beneficiaries of others’ duties,98 such as parents or the state.
The underlying rationale for parental rights should be the assumption that it is the parent, over
others in society, who is most likely to protect the child's interest. 99 The parents’ rights to the
child may overlook the best interests of the child but instead focus on the parents’ own interests.
The overriding concern must always be the best interests of the child, and, consistent with this
goal, the definition of parent should be expanded or curtailed only when doing so serves to
further the child's interests.100 If the best interests of the child is the primary consideration, is
it conceivable that the state can interfere in parents non-vaccinating decisions on other grounds
as well, i.e. not only in the best interests of the child, but also in the interest of public health
and welfare.
It could be argued that, depending on the state’s vaccination policy, it may be difficult for the
state to intervene in individual parental non-vaccination decisions regarding a child. If the state
adheres to a well-defined compulsory vaccination programme, it may be easier for the state to
intervene in a parent’s decision not to vaccinate a child. On the other hand, if the state favours
a voluntary vaccination programme and parents do not vaccinate the child, the right and
obligation of state intervention is more difficult to determine. Therefore, when vaccination is
not considered compulsory, parents are allowed to opt out. However, states that follow a
voluntary vaccination programme may, in strict circumstances, still intervene in parents’
decisions not to vaccinate a child, if the state deems vaccination necessary. For example, in the

93 Farrugia, 2000, p. 131
94 Ibid
95 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 75
96 Dillard, 2010, p. 504
97 Ibid
98 Hill, 2006, p. 22
99 Richards, 1994, p. 1229
100 Ibid

15

event of an outbreak, states may override parents’ decisions and require vaccination. Samoa
recently required all children to receive the MMR vaccine, in the face of a big outbreak. 101
States have broad powers regarding the rights of parents over a child when the welfare of that
child is at issue. 102 The CRC fully recognises, in very explicit terms not found in any other
human rights treaty, that parents have the primary responsibility for the upbringing and
development of their child, but states parties are simultaneously obligated to assist parents in
meeting those obligations. 103 The state must intervene where the parents fail to uphold their
duties, and shall also, take action to secure "maintenance for the child from the parents." 104 It
can be argued that since the vaccinating is not necessarily compulsory and non-vaccinating
may not impose any sanctions to the parents, cause damage to the child, or infringement of the
rights of the child, it can be easy to decide not to vaccinate the child. Some parents may only
think about the infringement of their own rights which may lead them to decide not to vaccinate
their child and they also may want to try to avoid the possible sanctions of the non-vaccinating.
Parents may also completely ignore the fact that non-vaccinating can possibly result
impairment of their child's health and this issue may occur with parents who do not believe in
vaccines at all.
2.2 The Parents Right to Decide What is the Best Interest of the Child in Relation to
Vaccinating the Child Against Measles, Mumps and Rubella Where a Medical Reason is
not the Basis for the Refusal
Parents have a legal obligation to refrain from actions that may harm their child. 105 Medical
decision making, though, has a certain ambiguity—when does a particular choice indicate that
the parent is unable to decide on appropriate care?106 When a parent fails to provide the child
with the qualities pursuant to parental duties and obligations, the parent may lose the parental
authority.107 The CRC clearly sets out the duties incumbent on parents by virtue of parental

101 The Guardian, 'These babies should not have died': How the measles outbreak took hold in Samoa,
17.12.2019, https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/dec/18/these-babies-should-not-have-died-how-themeasles-outbreak-took-hold-in-samoa, 2.6.2020
102 Merrill, 2008, p. 203
103 Dillard, 2010, p. 504
104 Ibid
105 Black, 2006, p. 676
106 Ibid
107 Farrugia, 2000, p. 138

16

responsibility, and the analogous duty of states to recognise these rights.108 Responsibility for
the child’s ‘development’ suggests a relatively objective measure for assessing parents exercise
of their responsibilities.109 The CRC Committee in its general comment No. 14 has pointed out
that “an adult’s judgment of a child’s best interests cannot override the obligation to respect all
the child’s rights under the Convention.”110
Article 18 (2) states; ‘‘For the purpose of guaranteeing and promoting the rights set forth in the
present Convention, States Parties shall render appropriate assistance to parents and legal
guardians in the performance of their child-rearing responsibilities and shall ensure the
development of institutions, facilities and services for the care of children’’. 111 This could be
interpreted as meaning that parents should be guided in the upbringing and promotion of their
child's well-being. Parents should be given some leeway in making decisions for their children,
even when those decisions may pose some small degree of risk to the child. 112 If the parents
fail their obligations in relation to child wellbeing, the state must intervene and thus limit the
parental responsibility to ensure that the child receives a definition of the best interest principle
in his or her own well-being. Parents often rely on their own rights when deciding on a child,
such as the right to privacy and family life to protect their decision over the child. However,
one could argue that while the parents invoke to their rights, they may in fact forget to weigh,
what is in the best interest of the child. As an example, female children’s genital-cutting
procedures are typically performed for non-medical reasons. They are effectively irreversible
and are likely to cause some form of bodily harm. In most cases, they will be performed on
children who clearly lack the capacity to consent. The MMR vaccine is also given to a child at
an age when the child is unable to give consent or resist the vaccine. Therefore, in this case,
the parents make the decision whether or not to vaccinate the child. However, circumcision
cannot be justified as a necessary measure, but vaccination can, if it is considered in the best
interest of the child or necessary with regard to public health. However, it may be that a child’s
wellbeing is realised without vaccination. Yet, the vaccination does not have the same side
effects as, for example, female genital mutilation. There is no health justification for
circumcising a girl. However, vaccination as well as non-vaccination can be medically
justified, but circumcision of girls is usually done for purely religious or cultural reasons and
108 Farrugia, 2000, p. 136
109 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 232
110 Committee on the Rights of the Children, General comment No. 14, 2013, p. 2
111 Convention on the Rights of the Child, Article 18 (2)
112 Diekema, 2004, p. 251

17

has nothing to do with medical necessity. Both circumcision and vaccination of a child should
always be examined from the best interest of the child and the parents should not arbitrarily
decide about the bodies of children who are too young to consent. Justifying circumcision on
the basis of religion or culture violates the integrity of the child's body and it could be argued
that the procedure would violate the child's rights. Circumcision of girls and non-vaccination
for religious reasons can be compared to the extent that an individual's religious beliefs should
not infringe on the rights of the individual or the community. Therefore, reliance on religion
as a reason for circumcision or opting out of vaccinations cannot be considered justified.
Vaccination raises the rights of the individual as well as the community and their possible
violation, while circumcision only violates the rights of the individual and only damages this
one child. It could still be said that reliance on religion must not infringe on the rights and wellbeing of the community, nor the rights and integrity of the individual, with reference to
circumcision.
Vaccination and non-vaccination will be evaluated according to the situation, for example,
whether it is profitable for the child's health to receive the vaccination. There is usually no
justification for not taking the MMR vaccine except that anyone who, for medical reasons, is
unable to receive the vaccine should opt out of the vaccination programme. The MMR vaccine
should be given to infants, because measles can be a very dangerous disease in adulthood.
Nonmedical exemptions to immunisation requirements are problematic because of medical,
public health, and ethical reasons create unnecessary risk to both individual people and
communities. Circumcision and vaccination are not completely comparable, but in some
aspect, they share the same idea from reverse perspectives on the violation of individual and
community rights. For example, if the MMR vaccine is thought to be in the best interests of
the child and the parents refuse to vaccinate the child, the best interest of the child will not be
realised. The child is thus deprived of the needed health care, and the rights of the child
unfulfilled. It may also be thought that the MMR vaccine is completely useless for the child
and parents vaccinate their children with this vaccine, thus giving the child unnecessary
antibodies against certain infectious diseases. Circumcision, on the other hand, violates a
child's right to bodily integrity and privacy to her body, especially in the case of circumcision
without valid reason, such as a medically justified reason. It could be argued that a justification
based on culture or religion is not a valid reason to perform a circumcision and it is likely to
impair the child's quality of life. The child will suffer in vain from this measure and thus the
rights of the child are violated. There are also parents who rely on religion to avoid vaccinating
18

the child. However, when the rights of the child are at risk of being violated, these rights can
no longer be considered as guaranteed rights. From this, it could be concluded that parents do
not have unlimited rights to their children, or at least those parents who, in the view of the state,
do not follow the principle of the best interests of the child.
Even in states with voluntary vaccination programmes, where vaccination is a matter of
parental discretion, it could be argued that vaccination is only somewhat voluntary, namely
that there are situations where the opinion of the parent is no longer taken into account in the
vaccination decision. This situation arises when the state considers it necessary to intervene.
This may occur if the health of a child or the community is considered to be at risk due to an
outbreak, in which case unvaccinated children may be subjected to compulsory vaccinations.
If parents fail to respect the integrity of the child's body in relation to the MMR vaccine and
decision, and in assessing the need for a vaccine, the state must intervene in the parents’
decision-making and its possible consequences. Unlike the aforementioned female
circumcision example, in the case of vaccination, it is not so blatantly apparent whether
vaccination or non-vaccination best serves the interests of the child. Vaccination has a greater
impact on the individual and the community health, as well as on the present and the future of
the individual and the community. It is more difficult to argue the need for vaccination than
the need for circumcision, as circumcision cannot be considered necessary in any case.
Although circumcision is a harsh and violating act, it only affects the life of the individual in
question. If too many people are unvaccinated, problems will arise at the community level.
Low vaccination rates compromise herd immunity, increasing the risk of outbreak, and
exposing the community to risk.
It could be argued that vaccinating can to some extent be compared to seat belt use. Vaccination
not only benefits the individual, but it also benefits others. The same can be said for seat belt
use, albeit on a smaller scale. If the person in the back seat does not wear a seat belt during a
car crash, the effects do not only apply to the person who did not have a seat belt, but the failure
to wear a seat belt in a collision also endangers other passengers. The force of the rear-end
collision is multiplied and may also cause injury to the front passenger. The vaccine has the
same effect as a seat belt. It not only protects the recipient of the vaccine, but also other
members of the community. It could be argued that the priority of the state is to safeguard the
rights of the community rather than the individual. This could be said to be due to the fact that
an infectious disease such as measles is highly contagious and requires measures such as a
19

vaccination programme. This comparison could also point out that in some cases vaccination
can be seen as an unnecessary measure, as can the use of a seat belt, but it is still good to keep
in mind the possibility of a crash or an outbreak, both of which can have fatal consequences.
However, the seat belt, as well as the vaccine, may play a crucial role in saving the health and
life of the individual, as well as others.
Only recently children have become ‘seen’ and, furthermore, the movement is growing to give
him or her the space to be heard and respected. 113 Most nations of the world have a history of
laws and customs that assume parental “ownership” of children – an assumption that parental
rights over children could be exercised for the benefit of the parents alone. 114 For instance, in
large families, parents may put their children to work on the family farm, to provide economic
support to their family. In such cases, children’s rights to childhood, play, and even education
may be compromised. Many young children grow up in circumstances that violate their rights
and young children are less able to recognise or resist harm, particularly when their parents are
unable to offer adequate protection. And yet young children, because of their rapid
development, are more vulnerable to the effects of such harm. 115 The rights and the duties that
parents have, derive from their responsibility to act in the best interests of the child. 116 In most
cases, decisions in relation to vaccinating the child should be left to the parents of the child. 117
The parents of the child may argue, that they are able to make a decision on behalf of the child
as they are able to predict what the individual child’s views. 118 In regard to vaccinating, the
relevant key factor is the relative risk of harm and the benefits resulting from the potential
vaccination or non-vaccination. 119 In some cases the parents may act to protect the best interest
of themselves instead of their children, by assuming that what protects the parent’s view is the
best interest of the child as well. In some situations, it may be difficult for a parent to distinguish
whether the parent’s mind-set and approach is in the best interests of the child. In the case of
vaccinations, this can happen if parents have, for example, misleading vaccination information,
or if they have not received vaccinations themselves. They may have not suffered from any
infectious diseases. Therefore, they may base their thinking on their own experience and may
consider vaccinations unnecessary.
113 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 79
114 Ibid, p. 232
115 Ibid, p. 244
116 Ibid, p. 76
117 Dawson, 2005, p. 189
118 Ibid, p. 192
119 Ibid, p. 202

20

It is virtually impossible for a young child to have his or her own view be respected, and
therefore children are to lack seen enough maturity to make decisions for themselves. In this
case, the parent has to make a decision on behalf of the child. As the CRC Committee has
stated, there is a danger that the parents’ interests will undermine the rights of the child in such
circumstances. Parents may believe that their views are in the best interests of the child.
However, by focusing on their own ideas, they may be unable to think objectively about their
own child. Thus, they may not necessarily be able to determine what is in the child’s best
interests. The doctrine of parens patriae holds that the state may act as ‘‘surrogate parent’’
when necessary to protect the life and health of those who cannot take care of themselves,
including children.120 In the doctrine of parens patriae the express purpose of promoting the
moral welfare of children, regardless of the wealth or position of their parents. 121 In the other
words, the meaning of the principle is based on the intervention, e.g., by the courts on the
behalf of individuals or groups of individuals who are unable to represent their own interests.
Regard must be had to the fair balance that has to be struck between the competing interests of
the individual and of the community as a whole and to the margin of appreciation enjoyed by
states in determining the steps to be taken to ensure compliance with the ECHR. 122 The field
of public health is primarily concerned with protecting and promoting the health of
communities. 123 Its features and goals include the promotion of public health and the
prevention of diseases and disability. 124 Often, promoting and protecting public health require
state intervention, and such intervention is mainly justified through consequential
considerations i.e., producing benefits or avoiding and removing harm. 125 It must be verified
whether protecting public health is a purpose that justifies state interference in a parent’s
decision not to vaccinate their child. 126
In the United States of America (US), in the Supreme Court case Jacobson v. Commonwealth
of Massachusetts 127, Hennin Jacobson was a Massachusetts resident who brought a suit against
120 Diekema, 2004, p. 244
121 Custer, 1978, p. 206
122 Xenos, 2011, p. 146
123 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 919
124 Ibid
125 Ibid
126 Ibid, p. 948
127 Jacobson v. Commonwealth of Massachuttes, (Application No. 197 U.S. 11, The Supreme Court of the
United States, 20 February 1905)

21

the state of Massachusetts for mandating that all residents be vaccinated against the smallpox
virus.128 In the US, the Supreme Court ruled that public interest outweighed an individual’s
right to regulate his or her own body. 129 The US Supreme Court addressed that state
intervention was permissible to protect public health. 130 It could be argued, that in many cases,
the community interest takes precedence over the rights of the individual, as it is considered to
serve several individuals at the same time. The community health perspective exemplifies this,
with particular reference to the threat of the spread of infectious diseases through parental
refusal to vaccinate their children. Vaccination and non-vaccination can both be justified in
many ways and from many angles, for and against. Non-vaccinating does not necessarily cause
harm to the child, nor does vaccinating, but vaccinating can also be seen as an unnecessary
procedure, as even if the child is not vaccinated, the child is unlikely to die. The harm of nonvaccination may impact other members of the community more than the unvaccinated child
themselves. This refers to the impairment of herd protection that should be enjoyed by persons
unable to receive vaccines due to medical reasons.
There are ‘current interests’ and ‘future-orientated interests’ of the child with regard to
vaccinating and the two can come into conflict. Current interests are largely formulated in
relation to experiential considerations, whereas future-orientated interests are focused on
developmental considerations.131 For example, the performance of a medical operation may
impact upon current interests, through the production of pain. However, this is not enough to
count against the intervention if it can be justified through the promotion of longer-term
interests, perhaps by ensuring that the child can participate in a wider variety of physical and
social activities as a result. 132 In some cases, the life of an unvaccinated child has been
restricted, such as denying access to school, so that the unvaccinated child does not pose a risk
to other children in school. This could be interpreted as meaning that parents have influenced
the child’s normal life by their non-vaccination decision which now violates the rights of the
child, and in particular the right to education. It can also be seen that the state violates the
parents' right to privacy and family life and thus prevents the parents making decisions about
the child at their own discretion. The interest of the state is not only to protect the best interests
of this individual child but also to guarantee the rights and well-being of the community.
128 Ramirez, 2019, p. 261
129 Ibid
130 Ibid
131 Dawson, 2005, p. 197
132 Ibid, pp. 197-198

22

In examining the comparison between compulsory and voluntary vaccination programmes, one
could argue that a voluntary vaccination programme guarantees the realisation of an
individual’s rights, as the state is not interfering in the parents’ decisions. A compulsory
vaccination programme, on the other hand, is more likely to guarantee broader vaccination
coverage, which in turn protects a larger population, but does not merely favour individual
rights. However, compulsory vaccination programmes may violate the rights of an individual.
Failure to comply with the compulsory vaccination programme may result in sanctions or
restrictions being imposed on the individual, such as denial of school attendance. This may
urge the individual to choose to take the vaccine in order to realise the rights of the individual,
as it allows participation in school. One could argue that a voluntary vaccination programme
is fair and does not violate the rights of the individual, but in reality, it may nonetheless violate
the rights of a larger population by reducing the herd protection. As a result, it may violate the
right to life. Receiving vaccinations is reasonable, if the vaccines are believed to be in the best
interests of the child and best for the child's welfare. Determining the best interests of the child
in receiving vaccines is not a one-division problem, rather a multi-grained issue that should be
examined from different perspectives. As discussed, relevant parties should put the best
interests of the child first. However, other parties’ interests frequently take precedence over the
best interests of the child. For example, parents may set their beliefs over the best interests of
the child, or the state may set the public health and community rights over the best interests of
an individual child while simultaneously imposing on the parents’ rights towards their child by
overruling their decision in relation to vaccinations. Of course, it would be ideal if the decision
could be substantiated before such potential harm occurs. Such harm may include the child
becoming ill without the vaccine or the possible spread of the disease in addition to infecting
other people. Transient pain or conditions caused by the vaccination itself can be considered
an adverse side effect that is not in the best interests of the child either. However, this
disadvantage would not be excessive if the vaccine were nevertheless of greater benefit to the
child and to the community.
If the parents decision-making towards their child is questioned, parents may invoke their
rights, such as to the Article 8 (1) of the ECHR. 133 The article states that ‘‘everyone has the

133 European Convention on Human Rights Article 8 (1)

23

right to respect for his private and family life, his home and his correspondence’’. 134 Article 8
(2) states that ‘‘there shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this
right except such as is in accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in
the interests of national security, public safety or the economic well-being of the country, for
the prevention of disorder or crime, for the protection of health or morals, or for the protection
of the rights and freedoms of others’’. 135
Everyone has the right to privacy and family life up to a certain limit. Article 8 (2) clarifies the
restrictions on privacy, outlining the conditions in which limitations may be justified. It is clear
that justifying interference with the rights in Article 8 (1) requires more than simply identifying
one of the legitimate aims set out in Article 8 (2): 'the court must also be satisfied that the order
can be fully justified under Article 8 (2) in accordance with the constituent elements of that
provision'." 136 The interference must be in accordance with the law and necessary for the
protection of those aims in Article 8 (2). 137 The idea of necessity here involves proportionality:
the interference must be proportionate to the aim pursued.138 As stated in Article 8 (2), public
authorities may intervene in the interests of national security or public safety.
It could be argued that the parents should provide the primary daily care for the child and the
parents should not refuse to grant the child any acute or necessary care based on their own
opinions or beliefs. Parents should therefore act objectively, and in the best interests of the
child. The failure of parents to perform according to the best interests of the child regarding
vaccinations may deprive parents of the right to act as a decision-maker in matters concerning
the child. For example, non-compliance with a compulsory vaccination programme or the
outbreak of an infectious disease may result in state interference with the decision-making
power of parents with regard vaccination of their children.
In Prince v. Massachusetts, the US Supreme Court addressed a different issue, and stated that
a parent "cannot claim freedom from compulsory vaccination for the child more than for
himself on religious grounds. 139 The right to practice religion freely does not include liberty to
134 European Convention on Human Rights Article 8 (1)
135 European Convention on Human Rights Article 8 (2)
136 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 228
137 Ibid
138 Ibid
139 Rubinstein Reiss, 2015, Prince v. Massachusetts, (Application No. 321 U.S. 158, The Supreme Court of the
United States, 31 January 1944), p. 3

24

expose the community or the child to communicable disease that may result in ill health or
death. 140 The Court stated very clearly that the freedom of religion is not a bar against requiring
immunisation.141 Neither religious freedom nor parental rights were absolute. 142 Article 18 (1)
of the ICCPR143 and Article 9 (1) of the ECHR provide that that ''Everyone shall have the right
to freedom of thought, conscience and religion''. 144 Where individuals have objected to
vaccination on the basis of religion or belief, the ECtHR has again explained that while Article
9 protects personal beliefs and religious creeds, and acts linked to such beliefs, it does not
always guarantee a right to behave in the public sphere dictated by such a religion or belief. 145
The term ‘practice’ in the Article does not cover every act that is ‘motivated’ by a religion or
belief. 146 In terms of vaccinations specifically, the ECtHR has emphasised that the obligation
to undergo vaccination applies to everyone regardless of their religion or belief, and so it does
not constitute an interference with Article 9 of the ECHR147
In the case Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, the applicants complained of the existence of
laws making it compulsory for their minor children in San Marino to undergo vaccinations.
They alleged a violation of Articles 2, 5, 8 and 9 of the ECHR. 148 (Article 2, Right to life,
Article 5, Right to liberty and security, Article 8, Right to respect for private and family life,
home and correspondence and Article 9, Freedom of thought, conscience and religion). 149 The
Commission considered that the article 8 of the Convention should be examined alone since
Article 5 deals exclusively with the deprivation of physical liberty. 150 The complaint of the
breach of Article 8 was manifestly ill-founded and rejected. 151 The Commission could find no
appearance of a violation of Article 2. 152 Finally, the Commission considered that there has
been no interference with the freedom protected by Article 9 para 1 of the Convention. 153 The
Commission recalled that Article 9 of the Convention primarily protects the sphere of personal
140 Rubinstein Reiss, 2015, Prince v. Massachusetts, (Application No. 321 U.S. 158, The Supreme Court of the
United States, 31 January 1944), p. 3
141 Rubinstein Reiss, 2014, p. 629
142 Ibid
143 International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, Article 18 (1)
144 European Convention on Human Rights, 1953, Article 9 (1)
145 Fovargue, 2019, http://wp.lancs.ac.uk/acorn/2019/05/23/conscientious-objection-at-the-european-court-ofhuman-rights/, 22.5.2020
146 Ibid
147 Ibid
148 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 34)
149 European Convention on Human Rights, 1953, Articles 2, 5, 8 and 9
150 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4 p. 34)
151 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 35)
152 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 33)
153 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 34)

25

and religious beliefs.154 In addition, it protects acts which are intimately linked to those beliefs,
such as acts of worship or devotion which are aspects of the practice of a religion or belief in
a generally recognised form. 155 However, in protecting this personal sphere, Article 9 of the
Convention does not always guarantee the right to behave in the public sphere in a way which
is dictated by such a belief. 156 The Commission recalls that the term "practice" does not cover
each and every act which is motivated or influenced by a religion or belief. 157
Vaccinations often create an ethical and legal conflict between the community interest in health
and individual human rights.158 Very different competing factors will have to be assessed and
weighed against each other to reach a judgment about what will achieve best interests.159 It
could be argued that, in many cases, the well-being of the community and the emphasis on the
importance of herd protection are the priorities of the state. The case of Boffa and 13 others v.
San Marino is a good example on the overriding of individual rights through invoking the
importance of community safety. It could be argued that, according to the ECtHR, a
compulsory vaccination programme can also be justified on this basis if the state deems the
vaccination programme necessary to maintain a sufficiently high level of herd protection in the
community.
The natural bond, and relationship between a parent and a child give a rise to universally
recognised norms, which ought not to be gratuitously interfered with and which, if interfered
with at all, ought to be so only if the welfare of the child dictates it. 160 Parents must be motivated
solely or primarily by the best interests of their child: they may have competing interests,
perhaps the interests of the family as a whole, or the health interests of other children. Health
professionals and others may also have competing interests. 161 The competing values and
interests of the patient, physician, family, community and society at large must be considered,
and family dismissal should be strongly discouraged until a mutually beneficial solution can
be found.162 Competing interests must be weighed to uncover which option strikes a good
balance between the rights of the individual and the rights of the community. There may be
154 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 33)
155 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marin, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 33)
156 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 33)
157 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 33)
158 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 965
159 Dawson, 2005, p. 196
160 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 223
161 Dare, 2009, p. 948
162 Halperin, Melnychuk, Downie and MacDonald, 2007, p. 844

26

competing or conflicting human rights interests, for example, between individual children,
between different groups of children and between children and adults. The child’s interests,
however, must be the subject of active consideration. It needs to be demonstrated that
children’s interests have been explored and taken into account as a primary consideration. 163
This corresponds to the question of whether parents have unlimited power over their children
in the case of vaccination decisions, and whether the state has the right to intervene if the state
deems it necessary. In relation to vaccinations, the state would most probably intervene in cases
of concern for community health, as the risk of disease outbreak would compromise the health
of the public. If the state decides to forcibly vaccinate unvaccinated children to prevent or
eradicate an infectious disease, it may be considered a violation of the rights of parents, as well
as the integrity of an individual. However, in this case the state may also realise the rights of
an individual child, if the vaccinating is regarded as in the best interest of the child. It could be
argued that with justified state intervention, the state does not violate the rights of individuals.
In a voluntary vaccination programme, there must be stronger grounds to justify state
intervention than where the state adheres to a compulsory vaccination programme. Therefore,
in a voluntary vaccination programme, no one should be forced to take vaccinations without a
reasonably justified reason. While, if the state follows a compulsory vaccination programme,
the non-vaccination decision of parents must be justified.
The interests of children are neither absolute nor unambiguous.164 They are always intertwined
with the interests of others, and often must be weighed against those other interests. 165 Very
different competing factors will have to be assessed and weighed against each other to reach a
judgment about what will achieve best interests. 166 It may be difficult for the state to step in
and administer MMR vaccines compared to some other vaccinations such as yellow fewer,
because it is really dangerous and has more risks. According to Alexander Langmuir, measles
can be characterised as a "self-limiting infection of short duration, moderate severity, and low
fatality.167 However, measles may still cause deaths, and it is more dangerous among certain
risk groups. Therefore, the administration of the MMR-vaccine to a child is controversial, as
there are drawbacks as well as benefits. It is impossible to administer the MMR-vaccine to atrisk groups, which means that a certain per cent of the population should be vaccinated in order
163 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 38
164 Diekema, 2004, p. 248
165 Ibid
166 Dawson, 2005, p. 196
167 Holland and Zachary, 2014, p. 21

27

to achieve herd protection (95%), in order to keep these at-risk populations safe. Many would
like to enjoy herd protection and so-called freeriding. However, a certain group of people have
the responsibility to maintain the herd protection of community. Many people may feel this
violates their rights because, to a certain extent, it puts them under pressure to be vaccinated
for the 'common good' and leaves them little choice.
As stated earlier, parents should consider the best interests of the child as the paramount
concern and parents are often the best option to decide whether to vaccinate the child. Parents
should be able to think objectively and broadly about the basis of the decisions they make for
their children. One could argue that it is easier to justify whether or not to take the yellow fewer
vaccine than the MMR vaccine, since for example measles deaths are much less common and
less likely than those from yellow fever. One could say that the decision whether to take the
MMR vaccine cannot be viewed as self-evident. In relation to the MMR-vaccine, it may be
that eventually, if an epidemic occurs, the state will order all unvaccinated children to be
vaccinated. Then parents might wonder why they should bother to vaccinate in the first place,
if the MMR vaccine will in any case be forced upon them in the case of 'emergency'. Therefore,
parents may justify non-vaccination by relying on the possibility of emergency. In such
circumstances, vaccination may be avoided, and only administered in extreme cases. Parents
may also think that if a possible epidemic fails to occur, they could avoid vaccinating their
children completely. It should also be borne in mind that, although the person concerned is
healthy and currently belongs to a no risk group, this person may, due to his or her age or
illness, move into the risk group at a later stage in life. Thus, the risk of becoming ill and even
dying as a result of non-vaccination will increase.
Depending on the state's vaccination policy, in some states, for example in the US, in all 50
states, children must be vaccinated or obtain an exemption for school-entry.168 However, three
states allow for religious exemptions to receiving such vaccinations, and 18 allow for
exemptions on the basis of other deeply held personal beliefs. 169 Children cannot attend school
in Czech Republic if they have not received the MMR vaccine. This could be seen violating
the child’s right to education. It could be argued that the freedom of the parents to make
decisions may deprive the child of other rights, such as the right to education. This may

168 Mohanty, Joyce, Delamater, Klein, Salmon, Omer and Buttenheim, 2019, p. 1900
169 Shah Arora, Morris and Jacobs, 2018, p. 1

28

adversely affect the development of the child, or the child’s access to medical care, which may
violate the child’s right to health. There are six current pending cases before the ECtHR
concerning compulsory vaccinations for children, namely Novotna170, Hornych171, Brožík172,
Dubsky173, Vavricka174 and Rolecek175 v Czech Republic.176 The above-mentioned applications
concern the Czech legislation on compulsory vaccination and its consequences for the
applicants who refused to comply with it. 177 In the Novotna’s case, the applicant was not
vaccinated against MMR and the head teacher decided that she should be barred from attending
school.178 The applicant unsuccessfully challenged the head teacher’s decision in the domestic
courts, which took the view that the exercise of the applicant’s right to continue to attend
nursery school and the right to education could endanger the health of others and that the right
to health protection was paramount. 179 It was argued that the state wanted to protect the wellbeing and health of the community at the expense of the individual's rights, thereby prohibiting
the individual from attending school. In this case, the state has not intervened in the parents’
decision not to vaccinate the child and the state has not violated the parents right to privacy
and family life. However, the child is directly affected by the parents’ non-vaccination decision
and as a result, the rights of the child have been violated. Can the state really put pressure on
parents to vaccinate their children so that their rights are not jeopardised? If the pressure does
not work, what can the state do if the compulsory vaccination policy is ineffective and the
rights of the child are constantly threatened?
One could argue that if a child has contracted measles and is at risk of infecting other children
in school, the child's participation in school should be banned until the child is healthy. In this
case, one might imagine that the state could order compulsory vaccination. When the child has
already got measles, it has been proven that non-vaccinating is not necessarily in the child's
best interests. However, parents may argue that even after an infection, vaccinating is not
necessarily in the best interests of the child, as the disease may not recur once it has already

170 Novotna v. Czech Republic, (Application No. 3867/14, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
171 Hornych v. Czech Republic, (Application No. 73094/14, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
172 Brozık v. Czech Republic, (Application No. 19306/15, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
173 Dubsky ́ v. Czech Republic, (Application No. 19298/15, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
174 Vavricka v. Czech Republic, (Application No. 47621/13, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
175 Rolecek v. Czech Republic, (Application No. 43883/15, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
176 Francesca Camilleri, 2019, p. 248
177 European Court of Human Rights, Grand Chamber to examine case concerning compulsory vaccination,
Vavřička v. the Czech Republic (application no.47621/13) and five other applications, ECHR 003, 06.01.2020
178 Ibid
179 Ibid

29

occurred. Vaccination, as well as non-vaccination, has major implications, both for the
individual and for the community. Vaccination protects the health of the individual and the
community and, in some countries, vaccinating enables a child to attend school and thus
ensures the right to education. However, compulsory vaccination violates the individual's right
to make decisions regarding his or her own body. Non-vaccinating at worst is detrimental to
both the individual and the community. The individual's right to make decisions is realised, but
non-vaccination may result in the spread of an infectious disease to the community and cause
an outbreak. Non-vaccination may reduce herd protection, which is particularly important for
individuals who are unable to receive the vaccine. These individuals therefore have no
decision-making power over themselves and, in other words, the exercise of their rights is at
the discretion of others. It could be argued that compulsory vaccination programmes serve the
public interest, but this does not imply that everyone will receive equal benefits. It is
unavoidable that some people will benefit more than others. One group bears the burdens of
vaccination and another group receives the benefits. This could be called free riding with the
herd protection. Recommendations from health care providers are important for vaccine
acceptance. 180 In some cases, there are disputes between parents over medical treatment which
relates to the child's upbringing.181 Such cases often require state intervention, if the parents of
the child cannot reach a common agreement. Cases concerning disputes about vaccination of
children may end up in court.

180 Shen and Dubey, 2019, p. 175
181 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 213

30

3. STATE OBLIGATIONS IN PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS AND
PUBLIC HEALTH
3.1 Vaccination Policies: Compulsory or Voluntary Vaccination Programmes?
Public health policies, and governments in general, help influence the choices people make in
their daily lives through a multitude of mechanisms. 182 Whenever possible, public health
professionals should strive to make the healthy choice the easy choice. 183 Complex health
problems, require direct and indirect use of government powers through both "hard" and "soft"
paternalism to shape the environment in which individuals live and to impact individual
choices.184
Vaccination programmes should involve a just distribution of benefits and burdens. 185 A
voluntary vaccination policy perseveres parents right for autonomy. 186 This right is
meaningless unless parents receive information as to the purpose of the vaccine and its
expected benefits. 187 It could be argued that lack of proper information of the advantages and
disadvantages or misinformation may influence parents’ vaccination decision. In particular,
nationwide public information campaigns should be used to convince parents that the
obligation does not represent an unjustified infringement of their rights and freedoms – it is
aimed exclusively at the protection of public health and the health of vaccinated children.188
Vaccination is pertinent not only to pandemic emergencies but also to the routine protection of
public health. 189 As most routine vaccination takes place in childhood, consideration is given
to the role of parental rights and children's collective and individual's best interests. 190
Protecting the larger population by making vaccinations compulsory is an attempt to ensure
public health and welfare. 191 However, compulsory vaccination would likely be politically
difficult to achieve because it would curtail individual autonomy in favour of the public good,

182 Lazzarini and Gregorio, 2014, p. 1839
183 Ibid
184 Ibid
185 Verweij and Dawson, 2004, p. 3123
186 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 946
187 Ibid
188 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 252
189 Cave, 2017, p. 279
190 Ibid, pp. 279-280
191 Tolsma, 2015, p. 336

31

in the context of some strongly held and vocal opposition to the activity being mandated. 192
However, the compulsory vaccination programmes could be said to serve the public interest. 193
The prevention of infections, the realisation of herd immunity, the absence of large outbreaks,
and the possible eradication of some diseases will be profitable for all members of the public. 194
Nevertheless compulsory vaccination programmes may be seen as a violation of individual
rights as the vaccinating is not voluntary, which means it may be breaching the selfdetermination principle. Public interest and individual rights may be in conflict with these
circumstances. However, the way it could be seen is that individuals form a community, and,
by securing public health, individual interest is also served. Compulsory vaccination
programmes should target serious diseases that are a public health problem. Each vaccine, and
the programme as a whole, must be effective and safe. 195 The burdens and inconveniences for
participants should be as small as possible. 196 The programme’s burden and benefits ratio
should be favourable in comparison with alternative vaccination schemes or preventative
options.197 Participation should, generally, be voluntary unless compulsory vaccination is
essential to prevent a substantial and serious harm. 198 Public trust in the vaccination programme
should be honoured and protected. 199 Public health concerns are perhaps enough to justify a
pro-active and persuasive policy in relation to at least some vaccinations, 200 such as the MMR
vaccine, because measles is highly contagious.
It could be argued that a compulsory vaccination programme could be justified in the following
circumstances: (1) if infections take place in daily public life; or (2) if an epidemic outbreak
cannot be well controlled with the measures of a voluntary vaccination programme. The
outbreaks may pose a threat to public health, and in this case the individuals may not be able
to protect themselves.201 Immunisation against a contagious disease, such as measles, might be
given a higher priority than vaccination against non-contagious diseases.202 Thus contagious
diseases may be considered more important from a public health perspective. 203 As long as
192 Bromberger, 2017, p. 212
193 Verweij and Dawson, 2004, p. 3123
194 Ibid, pp. 3122-3123
195 Ibid, p. 3123
196 Ibid
197 Ibid
198 Ibid
199 Ibid
200 Ibid, p. 3125
201 Ibid, p. 3123
202 Ibid
203 Ibid

32

parents are well informed and are given a choice in the matter, governments and public health
professionals may take reasonable steps to persuade them to participate in the voluntary
vaccination programme.204
Vaccinating is not compulsory in, for example, the UK and Finland: it is a matter left to parental
choice. In the UK, where parents are in agreement that their child shall not be vaccinated, the
law and doctors respect their view. No local authority, doctor, school, or other agency would
in ordinary circumstances apply to the court for a contrary decision. 205 This policy recognises
that parents may legitimately feel concerns about the implications of certain procedures for
their child.206 Conversely, in Poland, the introduction of laws imposing compulsory preventive
vaccination should be complemented by activities aimed at alleviating social concerns. 207 In
Poland the parents have an obligation to submit their child to obligatory preventive vaccination.
It is a legal obligation, from which only specific medical contraindications against vaccination
may exempt them.208 In this case, it is not so difficult to interpret when the state should
intervene in the parents decision if they decide not to vaccinate the child, as preventive
vaccination is compulsory in Poland. Immunisations can be seen as an issue straddling the
boundary between 'purely' medical issues and those of lifestyle choice or upbringing. The
rejection of childhood immunisation is for some parents an expression of the values that govern
their daily lives and the upbringing of their children. 209
Countries such as the US, which mandate vaccination, experience only modestly higher rates
of vaccination than Australia, 210 where there is a recommended vaccination programme. In the
US, some states accept that parents can opt out of vaccinations based on religious beliefs, and
this may affect the number of people vaccinated. One could argue that bodily integrity and
personal autonomy are generally seen as a strong justification for states not prescribing
compulsory vaccination programmes, but prescribing recommendations instead. States may
implement procedures for compulsory vaccination in the event of an outbreak and spread of
the disease which must be prevented. It could be argued that the state has a role to ensure that
its public health policies take the issue of child protection into account, by legislative action
204 Verweij and Dawson, 2004, p. 3125
205 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 223
206 Ibid, p. 215
207 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 252
208 Ibid, p. 250
209 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 215
210 Bromberger, 2017, p. 212

33

such as ensuring that, if necessary, MMR-vaccination is compulsory on the grounds of the best
interest of the child. 211 In these circumstances, one of the main issues is the determination of
the best interest of each child in relation to MMR-vaccination, and when the state should step
in. A compulsory vaccination programme could achieve the following: reduction of disease
incidence, prevalence, morbidity, or mortality. 212 Nevertheless, the disease would probably not
be completely eradicated, but one could argue that a compulsory vaccination programme could
reduce infections and thereby eradicate vaccination criticality.
3.2 State’s Positive and Negative Obligations to Protect the Individual Rights and the
Community Health in Relation to MMR Vaccination Programmes
In the view of the ECtHR, the prime characteristic of positive obligations is that they in practice
require national authorities to take the necessary measures to safeguard a right or, more
precisely, to adopt reasonable and suitable measures to protect the rights of individual. 213 Such
measures may be judicial. 214 The positive obligations of the state to protect individuals who
cannot enjoy human rights due to their own circumstances of personal vulnerability may only
arise as an issue under paragraph 1 of the substantive rights of the ECHR, whose provisions
engage the active protection of human rights. 215 Positive obligations place a duty on state
authorities to take active steps in order to safeguard the rights set in the ECHR. 216 In most cases
these are not stated explicitly in the text but have been implied into it by the ECtHR. 217
Negative obligations place a duty on state authorities to refrain from acting in a way that
unjustifiably interferes with Convention rights. 218 Most of the Convention rights are framed in
this way.219 States are perceived as having ‘inherent’ positive obligations to promote, protect
and guarantee human rights within their territory. 220 Through their ratification of human rights
treaties, states parties are required to give effect to these rights within their jurisdictions. 221 The
ECHR imposes positive obligations on the state to actively protect the human rights of
211 Dawson, 2005, p. 203
212 Holland and Zachary, 2014, p. 29
213 Akandji-Kombe, 2007, p. 7
214 Ibid
215 Xenos, 2011, pp. 155-156
216 Council of Europe, https://www.coe.int/en/web/echr-toolkit/definitions, 12.3.2020
217 Ibid
218 Ibid
219 Ibid
220 Xenos, 2011, p. 2
221 Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, World Health Organization, 2008, p.
23

34

individuals against acts of interference from other private parties. 222 States must make every
possible effort, within available resources, to realise the right to health and to take steps in that
direction without delay. 223
State obligations fall into three categories, namely the obligations to respect, protect and
fulfil.224 The obligation to respect requires states to refrain from interfering, directly or
indirectly, with the enjoyment by the child of his or her right to health or with the rights of
parents or guardians to take the necessary steps for the health of the child. 225 The obligation to
protect requires states to take measures that prevent third parties from causing harm to the
child's health, or from interfering with the access of the child to health care. 226 The state is also
obliged to take measures, when necessary, to protect the child against abuse or neglect by the
child's parents.227 Finally, the obligation to fulfil requires states to adopt appropriate legislative,
administrative, budgetary, judicial, promotional and other measures towards the full realisation
of the right of the child to health.228
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR) has underlined that states
should, at a minimum, adopt a national strategy to ensure to all the enjoyment of the right to
health, based on human rights principles which define the objectives of that strategy. 229 States
have an obligation to fulfil health rights under article 12 of the ICESCR: ''the States Parties to
the present Covenant recognize the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable
standard of physical and mental health''. 230 It is the role of the state to protect those who cannot
protect themselves.231 The state has the main responsibility, for healthcare policies, institutions
and measures, both preventive, curative and rehabilitative. 232 States should ensure all children
have access to the highest attainable standard of health care, in particular by ensuring access to
immunisations and medical services. 233 Two of the core obligations are to provide

222 Xenos, 2011, p. 2
223 Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, World Health Organization, 2008, p. 5
224 Ibid p. 25
225 Eide and Eide, 2006, p. 6
226 Ibid
227 Ibid
228 Ibid p. 7
229 Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, World Health Organization, 2008, p.
24
230 International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, 1976, Article 12 (1)
231 Tolsma, 2015, p. 337
232 Eide and Eide, 2006, p. 6
233 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 243

35

immunisation against the major infectious diseases occurring in the community and to take
measures to prevent, treat and control epidemic and endemic diseases. 234
The state should respect the primacy of parents in promoting the child’s well-being and support
them by reducing circumstances which prevent them from fulfilling their responsibilities. 235
States Parties must strive to ensure that no child is deprived of his or her right of access to such
health care services. 236 The court has the power to override the views of parents where they do
not accord with the welfare of the child. 237 The obligation to protect requires states to prevent
third parties from interfering with the right to health.238 Without fulfilling the obligations, the
rights of the child, will not be realised. Therefore, states must, for instance, adopt a national
health policy or a national health plan covering the public and private sectors, and ensure the
provision of health care, including immunisation programmes against infectious diseases. 239
The obligation of preventive vaccination must not be viewed merely as the legal enforcement
of safeguarding one’s own security and health. 240 First and foremost, it must be interpreted as
an obligation for serving public safety. 241
The issue of vaccinating in general is a big challenge, both, in countries where vaccination is
voluntary, and in countries where it is compulsory. The argument is based on the fact that in
countries where parents themselves decide whether or not to vaccinate their children, the
parents’ right to freedom in this matter is realised. In this case, there is no violation by the state
of an individual’s right to privacy. However, an individual’s decision whether or not to
vaccinate may violate the rights of others, in this case the community rights, as well as the
rights of other individuals, such as the right to life or the right to health care. This includes,
inter alia, individuals who cannot receive the vaccine for medically based reasons, and
therefore are depending on other vaccinated individuals to maintain herd protection. In
countries where vaccination is compulsory, it could be argued that this violates individuals’
rights to privacy, as the individual cannot decide whether to vaccinate their child or not. Thus,
this may infringe on the rights of the parents to make decisions on behalf of their children.
234 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 352
235 Ibid p. 243
236 Ibid
237 Cave, 2014, p. 632
238 Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, World Health Organization, 2008, p.
25
239 Ibid, p. 27
240 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 240
241 Ibid

36

However, if an individual opts out of a compulsory vaccination programme, the state has the
option of imposing restrictions on the individual, such as denying access to school. In such
cases, the child’s rights are directly violated, and the child’s development and well-being is
undermined. However, these rights are not absolute. The state has a well-founded justification
to limit an individual’s right to privacy, through overriding parents’ vaccination decisions. The
state may also impose other sanctions for non-vaccination, such as fines. This does not prevent
the realisation of the rights of the child. Decisions affecting children and families, the rights
and responsibilities of parents and the state must be components of that balance. 242 Without a
strong child-centred focus, attention is easily diverted away from consideration of what is in
the best interest of the child and the role of law and policy in making that determination onto
the rights of parents.243
The CRC is equally clear on delineating the responsibility of the state in recognising the role
of the parent, and in establishing that the assistance of the state should aim to ensure that
parental responsibilities are realised. 244 Human rights are interdependent, indivisible and
interrelated. 245 Violating the right to health may often impair the enjoyment of other human
rights.246 It could be argued that, in some cases, compulsory vaccination programmes do not
actually force parents to vaccinate their children, but rather vaccination programmes impose
restrictions or sanctions. One could argue that this model would give parents the freedom not
to vaccinate their children. However, this can be seen as an act against the best interests of the
child, as the child may, for example, be denied a school entry or access to health care. However,
the child is allowed to attend home school, but in this case the child is disconnected from
society and thus is unable to fully live a normal life. Home schooling can be understood to be
a failure of the state to be fully responsive to the needs of vulnerable subjects, that being the
need for a strong educational foundation. 247 This failure demonstrates the possibility of harm
to both the child and society. 248

242 Albertson, Fineman and Shepherd, 2016, p. 59
243 Ibid
244 Farrugia, 2000, p. 137
245 Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, World Health Organization, 2008, p. 6
246 Ibid
247 Albertson Fineman and Shepherd, 2016, p. 63
248 Ibid

37

The state has the responsibility of being vigilant in identifying the children who are in need of
care before any request for assistance is made. 249 The state must take all appropriate measures
to ensure that the child is protected against all forms of discrimination by private parties on the
basis of the status, activities, expressed opinions, or beliefs of the parents. 250 Children are not
property; they have rights and interests of their own, and the state may regulate parents actions
to safeguard those interests. 251 The court has the power to override the views of parents where
they do not accord with the welfare of the child. 252 Parental wishes 'are wholly irrelevant to
consideration of the objective best interests of the child save to the extent in any given case
that they may illuminate the quality and value to the child of the child/parent relationship. 253
Vaccinating children against the wishes of parents may sometimes be acceptable, with the
proviso that 'in relation to vaccination in the face of parental refusal, a risk of serious harm
would have to be demonstrated'. 254 Health authorities should explore the role and strength of
the social benefit of vaccination as a motivational factor in parents’ decision-making processes
regarding vaccinations, and consider the ways in which this should be presented to the public
and the ways in which altruism can be nurtured as a motivation for vaccination. 255 The interests
of parents in controlling the influences on their children can produce both private and public
harms.256
Compulsory vaccination laws raise the legal problem of how to strike a fair balance between
the different competing interests that arise among the three main actors impacted by such laws,
namely the parents, the child and the state. 257 Vaccination is an important means of protection,
but this protection cannot be optimally realised if left to individuals or small groups. 258 In
countries where vaccination is compulsory, when parents do not vaccinate their children, the
state may impose the above-mentioned restrictions. In such cases, the child's position in society
may be jeopardised. The state restrictions are a precautionary measure in protecting herd
immunity and thus the health of the community. However, at the same time, the state
restrictions may cause harm to the development of an individual child. The obligation of the

249 Farrugia, 2000, pp. 132-133
250 Eide and Eide, 2006, p. 13
251 Rubinstein Reiss, 2015, p. 3
252 Cave, 2014, p. 632
253 Ibid
254 Ibid
255 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 962
256 Albertson Fineman and Shepherd, 2016, p. 59
257 Camilleri, 2019, p. 247
258 Verweij and Dawson, 2004, p. 3122

38

state is partially fulfilled, but at the same time it causes a conflict in the realisation of the rights
of different parties, such as the child. In some cases, the community interest and public security
are considered more important than respect for individual rights. As an example, in the ECtHR
case Phull v. France, the applicant was a practicing Sikh and was thus required by his religion
to wear a turban. He stated that in October 2003 he travelled to Strasbourg on a business trip. 259
On the return journey on 10 October 2003 he was compelled by security staff at Entzheim
Airport to remove his turban for inspection as he made his way through the security checkpoint
prior to entering the departure lounge. 260 The applicant complained under Article 9 of the
Convention of a violation of his right to freedom of religion by the airport authorities.261 He
argued that there had been no need for the security staff to make him remove his turban,
especially as he had not refused to go through the walk-through scanner or to be checked with
a hand-held detector.262 The court declared the application inadmissible, and the court
concluded that security checks in airports are undoubtedly necessary in the interests of public
safety within the meaning of that provision. 263 The meaning of this example is to strengthen
the understanding of the importance of community safety. This ruling of the ECtHR shows that
in some situations the rights of the individual are seen as secondary to the safety of the
community. It could be argued that a compulsory vaccination programme could be justified on
the same principle. Therefore, its greatest value is to safeguard community health.
The protection of public health against epidemic hazards justifies the implementation of legal
solutions that restrict an individual’s freedom of self-determination, thus limiting the right of
patients or their statutory representatives to grant or refuse consent for a medical intervention
in the form of preventive vaccination – the purpose of this legal solution being to prioritise the
safeguarding of state health security. 264 States obligatory preventive vaccination programme
do not constitute an excessive limitation of the human rights and freedoms of the citizens. 265
The extension of the state’s positive obligations in the form of direct assistance to actively
protect individuals in circumstances arising out of their own personal vulnerability reinforces

259 Phull v. France (Application No. 35753/03, ECtHR, 10 January 2005, para 1, p 1)
260 Phull v. France (Application No. 35753/03, ECtHR, 10 January 2005, para 1, p 1)
261 Phull v. France (Application No. 35753/03, ECtHR, 10 January 2005, para 2, p. 1)
262 Phull v. France (Application No. 35753/03, ECtHR, 10 January 2005, para 2, p.1)
263 Phull v. France (Application No. 35753/03, ECtHR, 10 January 2005, para 3, p.3)
264 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 238
265 Ibid

39

the constitutional imperative of human rights as free-standing minimum priorities that the
society as a whole aims to realise. 266
The child is an individual in their own right and parents have no absolute right to put the child
at risk for the sake of their own beliefs. 267 Where the parents make a decision about an infant’s
care that is likely to result in substantial risk of significant harm to that infant, and in fact, an
even bigger risk to the herd immunity of the wider public, the third-parties, such as the state,
have an obligation to intervene to protect the infant from the consequences of that decision. 268
Thereby, if there is a high risk of significant harm to the child resulting from the parents’
decision, and an alternative choice is in the best interests of the child, then that parental decision
should be overruled.269 The specific circumstances will depend upon the relevant facts of each
case.270 The WHO recommends immunisation for all susceptible children and adults for whom
the measles vaccination is not contraindicated. 271 Reaching all children with 2 doses of the
measles vaccine (either alone, or as part of the measles-rubella vaccine (MR) or the measlesmumps-rubella vaccine (MMR)), should be the standard for all national immunisation
programmes. 272 The risk of encephalitis or severe allergic reaction from the MMR vaccine is
1 in one million.273 It could be assumed that in the context of parental decision-making in
relation the MMR vaccine, the default is, that as long as parents choose what is condoned by
expert opinion. Such as the WHO recommendations in vaccine programmes, they have made
the correct decision in relation to fulfilling the parental responsibility to realise the rights of the
child. The MMR vaccine requires only minimal questioning, as it is in accordance with what
the WHO has deemed safe. Therefore, it could be argued that the MMR vaccine requires no
extreme justification, but taking it, nevertheless is not self-evident for everyone.
The state may override parents’ decisions not to vaccinate their children. The state may justify
this intervention by arguing that vaccination will protect community health by mitigating the
risk of an outbreak, and protecting herd immunity which, as discussed, requires at least 95 per
cent coverage, in order to protect the vulnerable groups who cannot receive vaccines for
266 Xenos, 2011, p. 143
267 Dawson, 2005, p. 193
268 Ibid, p. 191
269 Ibid, p. 194
270 Ibid
271 World Health Organization, Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals,
https://www.who.int/immunization/diseases/measles/en/, 18.5.2020
272 Ibid
273 Fine-Goulden, 2010, p. 3

40

medical reasons. However, state intervention is more complicated in isolated cases. The Court
of Appeal of Florida, US, allowed the child's mother, over the objections of the child's father,
to make decisions regarding the child's immunisation. 274 This conclusion was made, in spite of
the fact that the mother was a "chiropractor who used holistic medicine and homeopathy in
treating her son," and who "opposed immunization."275 By contrast, the Court decided in favour
of the child's father, who desired that "the minor child receive traditional medical care,
including vaccinations," over the child's mother, who was a "chiropractor and a proponent of
holistic medicine."276 When a parent refuses or accepts a vaccination on behalf of their child,
it is possible that they are not acting in the best interest of the child. 277 The state also has a
responsibility for the well-being of the community, and thus cannot only take into account
rights at the individual level. At this stage, the state must decide whether it is 'violating'
individual rights to, for example, self-determination and freedom of religion, or whether it is
protecting the community from the risk of an epidemic.
The focus is the best interests of the individual child and if this approach is followed, then the
interests of others such as parents are only relevant insofar as they can be constituted in terms
of the child's welfare, and this would also preclude consideration of public welfare interests. 278
The right to freedom and self-determination undoubtedly constitute human rights, which also
include the right to live and the right to health. In the context of epidemiological risk, in the
case of non-acceptance of obligatory vaccination, these rights become contradictory.279 If the
state prefers to take into account the public interest in the vaccination of an individual child,
the state must consider the need for the vaccine for that child. In other words, the state must
not blindly pursue the interests of society at the expense of the individual child. The obligation
of vaccination as a means of exercising public interest should be exercised within the frame of
the rule of law. 280 When it is necessary to restrict individual liberties, as is the case when the
obligation of vaccination excludes the possibility to express consent for vaccination, then it is
particularly important that such restrictions have their roots in unambiguous legal regulations
– clear and not leaving room for interpretative freedom. 281

274 Stern, 2019, p. 95
275 Ibid
276 Ibid
277 Dawson, 2005, p. 195
278 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 220
279 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 241
280 Ibid
281 Ibid

41

In the ECHR case, El Morsli v. France, the applicant was of the Muslim faith and wears the
veil.282 Since 2001, she had been married to a French national living in France. 283 She submitted
that on 12 March 2002 she had gone to the Consulate-General of France in Marrakesh to
request an entry visa to France so that she could join her husband, and that she was had not
been authorised to enter the consulate premises because she had refused to remove her veil for
the purposes of an identity check. 284 The applicant had then submitted a visa application by
registered letter, and her application had been refused.285 The applicant’s husband then lodged
a further appeal, still on behalf of his wife, with the Conseil d’Etat, invoking in particular the
right of his wife to respect for her family life and the right to freedom of religion. 286 On 7
December 2005 the Conseil d’Etat dismissed the appeal, giving the following reasons: ''The
wearing of the veil or headscarf, by which women of the Muslim faith can express their
religious convictions, may be restricted, particularly in the interests of public order''. 287 For
reasons of security and public order, the Consulate required the temporary removal of her veil.
Upon refusal, she was not allowed access to the Consulate. 288 Invoking Article 9 of the
Convention, the applicant complained of a violation of her right to freedom of religion by the
consular authorities.289 She considered that this violation was even more unjustified as she had
been prepared to remove her veil, but only in the presence of a woman, and that therefore she
had not refused to be identified. 290 Regarding the proposal by the person concerned to remove
her veil only in the presence of a woman, assuming that the consular authorities were asked
this question, the fact that they did not assign a female officer to carry out the identification of
the applicant does not exceed the State’s margin of appreciation in these matters. 291 The Court
concluded that the applicant did not therefore suffer a disproportionate violation of the exercise
of her right to the freedom of religion and the applicant did not therefore suffer a
disproportionate violation of the exercise of her right to the freedom of religion.292 Deprivation
or restriction of personal liberty may take place only in accordance with the principles and in

282 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
283 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
284 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
285 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
286 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
287 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
288 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 1)
289 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 2)
290 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 2)
291 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 3)
292 El Morsli v. France, (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008, para 3)

42

the manner laid down in the law. 293 It could be argued that the priority of states in individual
cases is to favour public safety and the well-being of the community over the rights of the
individual. Public safety in these cases overrides the individual's right to practice religion.
3.3 Balancing the Rights Between the Individual and the Community with Regard to the
MMR Vaccine Programmes
For centuries, society has balanced two fundamental imperatives: (1) the parents right to raise
and provide for their children as they see fit, 294 and (2) the state's responsibility to care for the
child's best interests.295 The state entrusts parents with the custody and care of their child. 296
“Article 5 of the CRC requires states to respect the responsibilities, rights and duties of parents
‘to provide, in a manner consistent with the evolving capacities of the child, appropriate
direction and guidance in the exercise by the child of the rights recognized in the present
Convention‘. 297 The state parties must take appropriate steps to assist parents in fulfilling their
responsibilities, and if parents cannot manage this, the state must step in to secure the child’s
rights and needs. 298 The parental rights to control a child do not exist for the benefit of the
parents, they exist for the benefit of the child and they are justified only in so far as they enable
the parent to perform his duties towards the child. 299 The best interest principle requires that,
in all decision-making involving the child, the focus be on the child. This obliges relevant
decision-making parties to select wisely from available alternatives, while taking into account
how our lives are woven together. 300 The courts’ responsibility is to determine if parents are
acting in their children's best interest, 301 and the child's welfare is the court's paramount
concern.302 The courts, relying on the principle that the state has an overriding interest in the
welfare of children and the parens patriae principle can authorise invasive medical treatment
of children if it is deemed to be in the child's best interests. 303 The state will not interfere unless

293 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 241
294 Stern, 2019, p. 88
295 Ibid
296 Ibid, p. 89
297 Hodgkin and Newell, 2007, p. 80
298 Convention on the Rights of the Child, Article 18 (3)
299 Ludbrook, 1995, p. 126
300 Diekema, 2004, p. 249
301 Stern, 2019, p. 92
302 Ibid, p. 91
303 Ludbrook, 1995, p. 125

43

the parents are not fulfilling their legal obligation to act in the best interests of their child. The
court must step in and enforce parental responsibilities for the welfare and wellbeing of their
child and in some cases, even when the parents agree to follow the ruling of an independent
arbitrator, if the court holds that the arbitrator ruling conflicts with the child's best interest, the
court is obligated to intervene. However, the state must show compelling interest before it
deprives parents of this essential right. 304
Parents are in a sort of tacit partnership with professionals and officials. 305 A parental decision
on vaccinating the child may be legitimately over-ruled if this is necessary to prevent a very
high likelihood of serious harm being caused to the health of the individual child. 306 The courts
override the rights of parents in the care of their children only when there is clear evidence that
the parents are acting contrary to what is owing to their children. 307 The need for state oversight
is necessary to ensure every child receives the care and concern he or she is due.308 A wide
range of different duty bearers need to be involved if the right to health of children is to be
fully realised, and the central role is played by the parents.309 States have an obligation to ensure
that all duty bearers have sufficient awareness, knowledge and capacity to fulfil their
obligations and responsibilities, and that children’s capacity is sufficiently developed to enable
them to claim their right to health. 310 States should seek to ensure an enabling environment to
encourage appropriate health-seeking behaviour by parents, 311 and take into account that the
child's right to health must not be jeopardised in any way. It could be argued that the decision
not to immunise, where there are no specific circumstances indicating or contra-indicating
immunisation, may be a decision of upbringing which rests with the primary caretaker, in this
case the parents, and that compulsory immunisation may not be proportionate to the aim of
protecting the child's future health. 312 The CRC Committee, in its General Comment No. 15,
suggests that the state interventions should include attention for example, to measles. 313

304 Stern, 2019, p. 91
305 Dawson,Verweij and Sorell, 2007, p. 104
306 Verweij and Dawson, 2004, p. 3125
307 Dare, 2009, p. 951
308 Stern, 2019, p. 105
309 Committee on the Rights of the Child, General comment No. 15, 2013
310 Ibid
311 Ibid
312 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 228
313 Committee on the Rights of the Child, General comment No. 15, 2013

44

If parents 'propose to authorise some irreversible or drastic measure, their authorisation alone
will not make that measure lawful. 314 It must be shown to be in the child's interests. 315 It could
be argued that, in case of non-vaccinating an infant against Measles, Mumps and Rubella, there
should be a medically justified, rather than just the arbitrary decision of the parents. This is a
matter for the state to regulate and take a stand when it is necessary to intervene. The child's
welfare is paramount: in fact, it has become the only consideration. 316 The welfare principle
becomes a smoke screen for subjective values that may be smuggled into the decision-making
process.317 It asserts its neutrality, claiming to consider only the child as an individual and not
wider social policy considerations. 318 But this neutrality and objectivity are highly
questionable: whose values are being applied to resolve the dispute? 319 The welfare principle
has a paramount status in vaccinating disputes as unproblematic and unchallengeable, but the
welfare principle is paternalistic, individualistic in nature and fails to acknowledge the
legitimate rights and interests of others. 320
It could be argued that the concept of welfare or best interests is simply not capable of clear
and objective determination, in relation to whether parents should or should not vaccinate their
child with the MMR vaccine. It could be inferred that this implies that the focus of some states
in vaccination cases is directed at ensuring the well-being of the community rather than the
individual. The community consists of individuals and thus also protects the well-being and
health of the individual. However, the individual does not appear to be the primary starting
point of the state. The indeterminate nature of the welfare principle means that it is left to
judges to decide which values to apply and how much weight to attribute to them. In accordance
with the welfare principle, it is first necessary to determine the personal perspective of each
child, what is the best interest of that child and how is this child's welfare determined and
realised. It could be argued that a compulsory vaccination programme would to some extent
reduce the need for state intervention, as parents could not question vaccination as easily as
with a voluntary vaccination programme. However, a voluntary vaccination programme gives
parents decision-making power and it may also signal that vaccination is not a necessity when
parents are free to decide whether or not to vaccinate a child.
314 Fox and Thomson, 2017, p. 505
315 Ibid
316 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 219
317 Ibid, p. 218
318 Ibid
319 Ibid
320 Ibid

45

Vaccinating the child and the best interests is interpreted as medical best interests. The state’s
judgment whether to vaccinate the child or not is an objective and neutral process of balancing
risk and benefit and to seek what constitutes a risk or benefit, and the weight to be attached to
perceived risks and benefits. 321 Once the court has determined the child's best interests it must
then look to see whether there are other factors which dictate that the order should not be
made. 322The UK Court of Appeal has stated that vaccination of all children against rubella is a
policy instituted for the benefit of the whole community rather than the individual child. 323
From this, it could be reasoned, that the main motivation of the state to order a child to be
vaccinated is the public health considerations and the well-being of the community as a whole,
rather than thinking from the perspective of one child at the individual level. Although the state
should guarantee the rights of the individual and the community, competing interests
complicate this task. The state must weigh up these competing interests, and an attempt to find
the balance between the interests of the individual and the community.
It could be argued that a voluntary vaccination programme will work as long as vaccination
coverage remains high enough and there is no risk to the safety and well-being of the
community. In some cases, states have to introduce coercive measures if a voluntary
vaccination programme does not produce the desired results. The voluntary vaccination
programme does not function in all areas, for example, in some states, religion is in a stronger
position than in other states, and this may be an influencing factor in the non-vaccination of
children. A compulsory vaccination programme serves the rights of the community and
promotes public health. However, it may be interpreted to violate individual human rights, in
this case, the rights of the child, if the vaccination programme imposes sanctions. For example,
compulsory vaccination programmes may restrict children’s rights to education and health
care, or the parents’ right to practice religion. If the state imposes these restrictions on
unvaccinated children, the state should intervene in the parents’ non-vaccinating decision of
the child, so that the individual rights of the child will be realised. It could be argued that if a
state has a compulsory vaccination programme that imposes restrictions and sanctions, such as
denying a child’s access to education or health care in a situation where parents do not want to
vaccinate their child, the state may be justified in intervening in parental vaccination decisions,
321 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 219
322 Ibid
323 Ibid, p. 221

46

so that the child does not suffer from the parental decision. In this case, it would be desirable
that the state ensures unvaccinated children receive the vaccine, in order for the above rights
of the child to be realised, and so that the child remains part of the society. However, this may
override, for example, the religious beliefs of members of the community, which may prohibit
vaccination.
The most common reason that parents oppose vaccination is general vaccination criticism due
to, for example, incorrect and misleading information, reliance on religion and beliefs, and the
general idea that vaccinations are unnecessary. Parents also strongly invoke their right to decide
for their child, as they may strongly believe that their assessment of the best interests of the
child is correct simply because they are the parents of that child. The state must establish that
parental choices endanger the child and thus fall below the acceptable threshold. 324 The state
has a responsibility to intervene when parents do not live up to the responsibilities, parenthood
thrusts upon them.325 This liability to provide for the lack of parental care can therefore be
viewed as having a subsidiary nature. Having said this, however, it is easily apparent that the
responsibility of the state vis-ai-vis the child is at times far from subsidiary. 326 A parent who
refuses care based on an objection to treatment, whatever the basis, is just as likely to have the
state intervene to make medical decisions. 327 When there is an intervention in the lives of
children and their families by agencies of the state, there is some loss of liberty and potential
for inequity. 328 The intervention must therefore accord with principles that are justifiable. 329
The ‘‘best interest’’ standard has become the judicial and ethical standard used to determine
when state interference is justified.330 The effort of the best interest standard is made to identify
a threshold, other than best interest, which state intervention would be justified. The state, for
instance, is bound to ensure that children have access to healthcare, education and social
security.331 In countries where the vaccinating is compulsory and if the parents do not vaccinate
their children and the state imposes restrictions, the child's position in society may be
jeopardised. The state restrictions are a precautionary measure in protecting the herd immunity
and thus the community health, but at the same time may cause harm to the development of

324 Diekema, 2004, p. 248
325 Farrugia, 2000, p. 131
326 Ibid
327 Black, 2006, p. 680
328 Hill, 2006, p. 18
329 Ibid
330 Diekema, 2004, p. 245
331 Farrugia, 2000, p. 131

47

individual children. The obligation of the state is partially fulfilled, but at the same time it
causes a conflict in the realisation of the rights of different parties, such as the child. In some
situations, the community interest and public security are considered more important than
respect for individual rights.
Coercive state interference with parental prerogatives, for the good of the state and the good of
the child, is justified when there is ‘clear and convincing evidence’ that parents’ actions or
decisions represent likely and serious harm to the child. 332 In the UK, parents may choose to
adopt a lifestyle and upbringing for their children free from overt state interference, unless and
until a threshold of harm is reached. 333 In English law, this threshold revolves around the child
suffering or being likely to suffer significant harm. 334 The harm principle provides a basis for
identifying the threshold for state action. 335 The characteristic of parental decision-making that
justifies interference is not that it is contrary to the child’s best interest, but rather that the
decision poses some harm to the child. State authorities may therefore be justified in interfering
with parental decisions regarding the health care of children in two situations, both of which
fulfil the harm principle.336 State intervention should be a last resort, wielded only when
treatment is likely to prevent substantial harm. 337 First, intervention may be justified under the
parens patriae doctrine. Under this doctrine, states have the authority to protect and care for
those who cannot care for themselves and may intervene when there is evidence that parental
actions or decisions are likely to harm a child. 338 Second, intervention may be justified when
intervention is necessary to protect the health of the population or others, 339 but not all harms
should trigger state intervention. 340 Serious harm includes interference with interests necessary
for more ultimate goals like physical health and vigour, integrity and normal functioning of
one’s body, absence of absorbing pain and suffering or grotesque disfigurement, minimal
intellectual acuity, and emotional stability. 341 This begs the question where does this line of
suffering of significant harm go and, at what point does the state consider each case worthy of

332 Diekema, 2004, p. 249
333 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 223
334 Ibid
335 Diekema, 2004, p. 250
336 Ibid
337 Ibid, pp. 251-252
338 Ibid, p. 250
339 Ibid
340 Ibid, p. 251
341 Ibid

48

intervention? Does non-vaccination reach the threshold of suffering only once a child becomes
ill, for example with measles, or only once the disease endangers the child’s health?
It could be argued that, it is difficult to interpret the principle of the best interests of the child
or the harm principle under a voluntary vaccination programme because, when the state follows
a voluntary vaccination programme, it is more difficult to justify state intervention in the
decision of the parents than in the case of a compulsory vaccination programme. With a
compulsory vaccination programme, all children are vaccinated who, for example, do not have
a medically justified reason for non-vaccinating. There remain conditions in which a child's
best interests may be unclear, either due to uncertainty about the outcome or about whether the
outcome is likely to be beneficial or harmful. 342 Is the harm imminent, requiring immediate
action to prevent it and by refusing to consent are the parents placing their child at significant
risk of serious harm?343 This may call into question the need for state intervention in relation
to the parental decision not to vaccinate the child against measles, mumps and rubella. The
state's interference in a parents’ decision not to vaccinate is more difficult when the nonvaccination may not actually cause any harm to the child or the public health. If the threshold
of absence is the child’s suffering, how is that suffering determined, and what is the threshold
for suffering in this case? The harm prevented must be more substantial than the harm that will
result by interfering with parental choice. 344 For example, state intervention in the case of
refusal to consent to a MMR vaccine could be justified because the parents are refusing to
vaccinate against potentially dangerous and easily spreadable infectious disease which can
cause permanent harm or, in the worst case, be fatal, for both the child and the community as
a whole.
As stated earlier, non-vaccination in some countries may result in a child being denied the right
to attend school or day care unless the child has received the MMR vaccine. One might question
whether denial of education can be considered as suffering, and therefore a reason for
vaccination. This could also be seen as pressure to vaccinate a child. The child should not suffer
because of the parents’ decision, but parents must have the right to decide on behalf of the child
within the suffering threshold, as the parent is considered to be the best person to recognise the
best interests of the child. It is assumed that the parents know their child and knows what is
342 Canadian Paediatric Society, 2004, p. 100
343 Diekema, 2004, p. 252
344 Ibid, p. 254

49

best for that child. In a state where the MMR vaccine is not compulsory, and yet the court
orders the child to be vaccinated against the parents' wishes, such as in the event of an outbreak
of the disease, can the vaccination programme in that state still be considered voluntary? Can
the state be considered to serve the interests of the community health at the expense of the
rights of the child and parents? The question also arises, if the MMR vaccine is most likely
harmless to the child and very useful from the community perspective, why do the parents not
want to vaccinate their child? However, measles is a dangerous disease for an adult, and the
health of children and the community may be endangered in the future. Parental autonomy is
given less weight in relation to more serious issues where the narrower conception of the child's
welfare is prioritised. 345 Parents' interests may conflict with those of the child and parents may
- perhaps unintentionally - define their child's best interests in terms of their own interests, to
the detriment of the child.346
Parental power only exists for the benefit of the child, because it is in the child's best interests
for decisions about his or her upbringing to be made by those who have primary responsibility
for him or her. However, the child's welfare is both the justification for the prerogative and the
justification for overriding it. 347 A compulsory vaccination programme may violate parents’
rights to decide whether or not to vaccinate their children, but one could argue that in reality it
can be seen as implementing a child’s rights, such as the right to health care, the right to life,
and the right to education. One could say that this allows the child to become a full member of
society. Cases involving parental refusal of treatment raise considerations of public policy
which are broader than the interests of the parties to the decision. 348 One could argue that the
state’s imposition of the MMR vaccine is a complex matter to interpret. As noted earlier,
measles, for example, does not necessarily cause serious consequences, but is nevertheless an
easily contagious and spreading disease. The existence of voluntary as well as compulsory
vaccination programmes indicates that there is ambiguity around the moral, political and legal
framework of vaccination, and thus there is no direct answer as to whether or not a child should
be vaccinated. The decision to vaccinate should be interpreted on a case-by-case basis.
However, vaccination is not just a matter for the individual, but strongly for the community as
a whole. Unlike, for example, a situation where a Jehovah's Witness child would need a blood

345 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 224
346 Ibid
347 Ibid
348 Ibid, p. 222

50

transfusion, and religion forbids this procedure. Blood transfusion is purely an issue affecting
the health and rights of the individual and thus does not have an effect from the community
perspective. It could be concluded that, from the point of view of the health and safety of the
community, the state has an obligation to intervene if it considers it necessary to order the
vaccination of a child against parental wishes. Compulsory vaccination programmes may also
be justified on the grounds that they protect from an infectious disease which can have farreaching consequences if it spreads widely. By vaccinating, this disease can be kept under
control.
The state's interest in protecting the child overrides the constitutional right of parents to direct
a child's upbringing.349 First, the state authority must conclusively determine that the parents'
course of action is harmful to the child. 350 It could be argued that before the state’s intervention,
the state authority must be someone who knows the topic in question, in this case, someone
with expertise in MMR vaccination, who is thus able to evaluate and determine the child's
needs on a case-by-case basis. Article 19 (1) of the CRC requires governments to "take all
appropriate measures to protect the child from all forms of physical or mental violence, injury
or abuse, neglect or negligent treatment, maltreatment or exploitation including sexual abuse,
while in the care of their parents, legal guardians or any other person who has the care of the
child".351 The wording of this article places significant restrictions on family autonomy when
questions arise as to the child's need for protection. 352
When the state intervenes in parental decision-making in relation the interpretation of the best
interests of the child regarding the decision whether to vaccinate the child, the assessment of
the parents in the best interests of the child could thus be interpreted as requiring a review of
the parents' judgment considering the child’s welfare. The individual focus on each child serves
to exclude proper consideration of the parents' interests, while at the same time issues of public
welfare are imported into the decision-making process.353 The role of the court is to exercise
an independent and objective judgment, but parental qualities are in fact being treated as
relevant factors in deciding whether to accord weight to their decision. 354 Where the parents

349 Stern, 2019, p. 96
350 Ibid, p. 100
351 Convention of the Rights of the Child, 1990, Article 19 (1)
352 Ludbrook, 1995, p. 127
353 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 221
354 Ibid, p. 224

51

cannot agree, either parent may apply to the court. Once the law is invoked, the court must
make a decision, and its decision will be based upon the child's welfare, not the parents'
'views'.355 This raises the question whether the courts deals with cases where the parents
disagree with the state on the vaccination of the child or does the court only deal with cases
where the parents disagree? It could be argued that most cases only end up in courts when the
child has not received vaccinations, because the parents have decided so. Another option is that
courts also analyse cases where parents disobey the compulsory vaccination programme and
the state wants to, or has, intervened.
In the UK the court had treated the determination of best interests as a purely medical issue, in
relation the child to receive the rubella vaccination. It could be interpreted that the importance
of the vaccine for an individual or the community is the only consideration, and, is thus
considered only from the medical point of view, not the best interest of the child or from the
parents’ opinion of the vaccine. The most important consideration is always the best interests
of the child, although in many cases the state must also take into account the interests of the
community, and thus decisions by the state referring to the vaccination of children may also
take other aspects than the best interests of the child, such as public health. One could argue,
that, if the state does not see that vaccination does any harm to the child, even if the child does
not actually need the vaccine, but the measure would be great for the community interest, the
state may decide to vaccinate the child. The medical aspect of welfare is prioritised over the
parents' opposition to immunisation. Their decision can only be treated as relevant if it is
formulated in terms of the child's welfare, but even then, the individualistic conception of
welfare which the court stresses devalues these other aspects of the child's welfare. 356 It is better
to combat vaccine hesitancy and optimise interventions, factors associated with parents’
decisions on vaccination need to be identified and investigated It could be argued that there is
a dilemma with the state ideology which rather favours the community health aspect over the
best interest of the child and the rights of the parents which represents the individual aspect.
However, the community perspective may be seen more important when it covers a larger
proportion of individuals, but this individual child and his or her parents are also members of
the community, benefiting from, for example, vaccination protection and thus protecting
individual rights.

355 O'Donnell, 2004, p. 225
356 Ibid, p. 222

52

3.4 Herd Immunity vs. Bodily Integrity and Individual Liberty
Appropriate vaccine policy does not have a clear, evidence-based answer.357 The best policy
for any given country is a complex question, and reasonable minds can differ on whether any
type of mandate is appropriate and what form such mandate should take. 358 The WHO stated
that 80% of new-borns should receive 90% the series of mumps, measles and rubella (MMR)
vaccines to maintain herd immunity. 359 A high level of immunisation in a population is a
critical component for protection of the health of the population. 360
The conflict between the individual right for autonomy and the interest of public health is
typically addressed in ethical and legal writing on vaccinations 361 and

vaccinations have

considerable public health benefits and generally take the form of organised public health
interventions. 362 The individual right to make an autonomous decision regarding medical
treatment means that, subject to some exceptions and limitations, a competent individual and
a parents in the case of a minor has the right to make an intentional, free, and knowledgeable
decision about his treatment that will be accepted as valid and binding on others. 363 The
principle that the individual right to make autonomous decisions should be respected by others,
is based on the intrinsic and instrumental value of treating individuals as autonomous moral
agents and allowing them to control different aspects of their life. 364 For a decision to be
autonomous, the individual should have a substantial understanding of the relevant and
material facts that accurately describe the nature of the decision and its possible outcomes. 365
Legal and ethical duty of disclosure that is, the duty to provide individuals with relevant and
accurate information concerning the nature of a recommended medical procedure, its purpose
and excepted benefit, it’s possible outcomes, its risks and the reasonable alternatives to the
procedure.366 The state is responsible for providing vaccine information to its citizens and
guidance on matters related to public health. Decisions to not vaccinate children has an impact

357 Rubinstein Reiss, 2015, p. 2
358 Ibid
359 Hak, Scho nbeck, De Melker, Van Essen and Sanders, 2005, p. 3103
360 Halperin, Melnychuk, Downie and MacDonald, 2007, p. 844
361 Karako Eyal, 2016, pp. 910-911
362 Ibid, p. 911
363 Ibid, pp. 916-917
364 Ibid, p. 917
365 Ibid
366 Ibid

53

on society that reaches far beyond the individual family. 367 Epidemiologists recognise the
concept of "herd immunity," meaning the point when a communicable disease can no longer
erupt in a major outbreak in a community because a certain critical mass of its members are
vaccinated.368 The central role herd immunity plays in the success of immunisation
programmes poses important ethical and legal questions concerning the obligations of parents
to vaccinate their children not only for their children's benefit, but for the benefit of others. 369
The threshold for herd immunity, most simplistically, varies by how contagious a disease is
and the effectiveness of the vaccine in vaccinated populations. 370 The more contagious the
disease, the higher the percentage of people that need to be immune in order to achieve herd
immunity; the more effective the vaccine, the higher the likelihood of reaching that
percentage.371 The most significant consequence of declining immunisation rates and the
failure to vaccinate is the risk posed to herd immunity. 372 When a large enough percentage of
the population is immunised against a disease, herd immunity serves as a protective barrier
against the spread of infection to individuals who are not immunised or whose immune systems
are otherwise compromised. 373
Vaccinations have long been supported by law, through negative and positive legal incentives,
which often restrict the individual right for autonomy to some degree. 374 According to 47 § of
the Finnish Communicable Diseases Act, a government decree may provide for compulsory
vaccination if comprehensive vaccination is necessary to prevent the spread of an infectious
disease which causes serious damage to the life and health of the population or a part thereof. 375
Compulsory vaccination may also be restricted to a specific population, group or age group. 376
It could be argued that a compulsory vaccination programme may be considered to infringe the
rights of the individual, but if such a vaccination programme is justified, for example, on
grounds of community safety from the public health perspective, or as a precautionary measure
to prevent the outbreak of an infectious disease, it shall not be considered an infringement.
However, the compulsory vaccination of the population is subject to certain situations and

367 Andrew, 2015, p. 6
368 Ibid
369 Rodal and Wilson, 2010-2011, p. 41
370 Rubinstein Reiss, 2015, p. 8
371 Ibid, pp. 8-9
372 Consalvo, 2019, p. 1516
373 Ibid
374 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 911
375 Finnish Communicable Diseases Act, 47 §
376 Finnish Communicable Diseases Act, 47 §

54

conditions and no one can be arbitrarily vaccinated. According to 64 § (2) of the Communicable
Diseases Act, patients suffering from an infectious disease or a person who is reasonably
suspected of having a generalised disease may be given the necessary treatment to prevent the
spread of the disease, irrespective of their will. 377 In addition, 65 § (1) provides that a patient
may be given the prescribed medication despite opposition if it is necessary to prevent the
spread of an infectious disease or a reasonably suspected infectious disease. 378 However in the
patient's care must respect his right to self-determination, and if the patient is consciously
opposed to a particular medication and does not pose a risk others than his own health, the draft
regulation does not, in the Committee's view, provide sufficient justification for involuntary
treatment. 379
According to the Finnish Constitutional Committee, the grounds for compulsory vaccination
are permissible in themselves and their use is limited to what is strictly necessary as required
by the proportionality requirement. 380 Under 7 § (3) of the Finnish Constitution Law, 381
personal integrity may not be interfered with arbitrarily or without a legal basis. 382 Margaret
Brazier has suggested that bodily integrity may constitute the 'core legal value' underpinning
contemporary health law. 383 The public interest might justify state interventions that impose
limits upon the freedom of individuals, 384 to protect the public’s health and the impact of such
programmes upon community life and individual well-being. 385 Public health is ‘anything that
affects the health of the community on a mass basis’, 386 and it is primarily concerned with the
health of the entire population, rather the health of individuals. Its features include an emphasis
on the promotion of health and the prevention of disease in developing effective
interventions. 387

377 Finnish Communicable Diseases Act, 47 §
378 Eduskunta, Perustuslakivaliokunta, Valiokunnan lausunto PeVL11/2016 vp - HE 13/2016 vp,
https://www.eduskunta.fi/FI/vaski/Lausunto/Sivut/PeVL11+2016.aspx, 12.3.2020
379 Ibid
380 Ibid
381 Finnish Constitution Law, 7 § (3)
382 Eduskunta, Perustuslakivaliokunta, Valiokunnan lausunto PeVL11/2016 vp - HE 13/2016 vp,
https://www.eduskunta.fi/FI/vaski/Lausunto/Sivut/PeVL11+2016.aspx, 12.3.2020
383 Fox and Thomson, 2017, p. 502
384 Dawson and Verweij, 2007, p. 4
385 Ibid
386 Ibid, p. 17
387 Idid, p. 15

55

A coercive medical procedure is one of the most serious invasions of bodily autonomy
sanctionable in a democratic society388, but some children must be sacrificed in order to achieve
the goal of eradicating disease in a population, in relation to vaccinating. 389 However, this could
be seen more as a violation of parental rights and a sacrifice of their rights through their
children. According to Israeli law, infringement of the right for autonomy, in itself, entitles the
plaintiff to compensation, regardless whether he suffered. 390 At the end of May 2013, during
routine environmental surveillance of sewage systems, the Poliovirus was detected in several
facilities in southern Israel. 391 A decision was made, to extend supplemental immunisation
activities to the entire country. 392 This public health action aimed to stop the spread of the virus
and protect the population from infection. 393 Nevertheless, the decision on whether or not to
vaccinate a child with bivalent oral Polio vaccine (bOPV) was left to the parents.394 It could be
argued that, in practice, the implementation of this measure would create a contradiction, as
from a public health point of view the state would have to take more extensive measures to
guarantee citizens protection against infectious diseases. One could say that, under Israeli law,
individual autonomy over medical decisions is, in principle, paramount in parents’ vaccination
decisions, while one could argue that the vaccination policies of many other countries run
primarily for the benefit and welfare of the community.
Individual self-determination and integrity can thus be violated in situations where the
vaccination is considered essential to public health and to prevent a spread of an infectious
disease, even if the individual decides against receiving the vaccine, or the child's parents do
not wish the child to be vaccinated. If the infected person’s condition poses no risk to public
health, and the incapacitation affects at most the infected person, his or her right to selfdetermination can be respected. The state therefore has the right to intervene in infectious
disease situations and to force people to be vaccinated in order to prevent the spread of the
disease. Such an epidemic of an infectious disease puts the community at risk, and, by law, the
state has the right to order the entire population to be vaccinated to protect public health. It is
in the interest of the state to protect a larger group of people, and here it considers that the
community rights take precedence over individual rights, to raise herd protection to the
388 Emma Cave, 2014, p. 636
389 Angus Dawson, Marcel Verweij and Sorell, 2007, p. 102
390 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 964
391 Ibid, p. 908
392 Ibid, p. 909
393 Ibid
394 Ibid

56

required level to protect those who are unable to receive vaccinations for any medical reason.
Herd immunity occurs when a significant proportion of a community is immune due to the
maintenance of a high vaccination coverage. Individuals who cannot be vaccinated benefit
from the effectiveness of immunisations through a mechanism known as “herd” immunity.
Herd immunity occurs when nearly all individuals for whom vaccine is not contraindicated
have been appropriately immunised, minimizing the risk of illness or spread of a vaccinepreventable infectious agent to those who do not have the direct benefit of immunisation.395
The more persons that are vaccinated, the less likely it is that any person will be infected,
because there are fewer hosts for the pathogens which makes it harder for the disease to spread
from person to person. Herd immunity breaks down when vaccinations are not administered to
all those who can medically receive them. 396 Once herd protection exists in a population, whilst
individuals can choose not to participate in or to withdraw from a vaccination programme, they
cannot withdraw from the benefit which they enjoy if herd protection exists in that
population.397 Likewise, no one else can withdraw such a benefit from non-participating
individuals.398
Although a compulsory vaccination programme may not be considered ethically right and
would not necessarily guarantee higher herd protection, it could be argued that with regard to
compulsory vaccination programmes, the state has a lower threshold to address the parents’
non-vaccination decision compared to a voluntary vaccination programme. Because of this,
one could argue that vaccinating does not need such a substantiated justification once it has
already been made compulsory. While it is important to respect each person's individual liberty,
the courts have ruled that the public good comes before individual liberty when discussing
vaccination. 399 Protection of public health against epidemic hazards by the state justifies
implementing legal solutions that restrict an individual’s freedom to self-determination, thus
limiting the right of patients or their statutory representatives to grant or refuse consent for
medical intervention in the form of preventive vaccination – the purpose of this legal solution
being to prioritise state health security for the better good of all citizens. 400 The right to health
is just as important as the right to liberty and it should be stressed that life is the supreme value,

395 American, Academy of Pediatrics, 2018, p. 96
396 Camilleri, 2019, p. 250
397 Dawson, and Verweij, 2007, p. 5
398 Ibid, p. 5
399 Tolsma, 2015, p. 336
400 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 252

57

hence, the right to live and the right to health must be particularly protected. 401 Treatment or
preventive measures may be inconvenient, unwanted or even harmful for some individuals, yet
such varying degrees of what is usually regarded as ‘wrongness’ may be considered an
acceptable side-effect if they are genuinely necessary for protecting whole populations. 402
Public goods cannot be created by individuals or small groups of individuals. 403 They generally
require action on behalf of a sizeable part of a population, and this is why public health action
is often carried out by governmental or quasi-governmental organisations. 404
In needing to protect both the individual and community, the state faces a dilemma, as it is
difficult in such circumstances for the state equally to uphold the interests of all parties. In
some cases, the state has to resort to compulsory vaccination, and this will be implemented in
case of an outbreak and also as a proactive measure to avoid causing a disease outbreak
occurring. If the state has not taken preventative measures to avoid an outbreak it may breach
the rights of the community by failing to protect, but at the same time if the state does take the
preventive protective measures it may also violate the rights of individuals by forcing them to
be vaccinated without an obvious threat or necessity. In some states, a compulsory vaccination
programme is a permanent course of action that can be due to many reasons. The State may
have found that the system in question serves the community better than a voluntary
vaccination programme and, for example, a compulsory vaccination programme can keep the
herd protection high enough.
3.5 State Measures due to Parents’ Non-Vaccinating Decision
Parents generally argue that they alone should have the right to decide about their child,
including the decision on whether or not to undergo vaccination. 405 State may order compulsory
vaccinations for health reasons and if the parents make the decision to vary from the state
norms, they run the risk of incurring state imposed sanctions. 406 As stated earlier, every state
the US has vaccination requirements prior to children starting public elementary school or
being enrolled into state funded day care. 407 In extreme cases, parents who medically neglect
401 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 243
402 Dawson and Verweij, 2007, p. 4
403 Ibid, p. 5
404 Ibid
405 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 251
406 Farrugia, 2000, p. 131
407 Carson Pearcy, 2013, p. 137

58

their child can lose custody or face criminal fines and/or jail time. 408 England requires
vaccinations prior to allowing children to enrol in public school. 409 In Canada, some physicians,
when faced with parents who refuse immunisation on behalf of their children, choose to dismiss
these families from their practice. 410 Individuals are permitted to refuse vaccination for
themselves and their children. 411 Autonomy refers to respecting the patient or surrogate
decision-makers right to make his or her own medical decisions. 412 Furthermore, making a
decision that the doctor is not in agreement with, from an ethical view, should not preclude the
patient or family from receiving other ongoing care. 413 Otherwise these people may become
marginalised from health care and thus vulnerable. 414
In the US, the idea has been raised as to whether there is a need to implement a tax plan targeted
at parents who, without a valid medical exemption, refuse to vaccinate their children against
specific classes of vaccine-preventable diseases.415 This tax plan could take the form of an
income-based tax, or loss of child tax credits, enforced against parents based on the age and
amount of time their child has remained unvaccinated.416 By using the state taxing power it
could increase vaccination rates at some level and strengthen herd immunity, but it will likely
face numerous constitutional challenges. 417 It could be argued that this might work to a certain
degree, but there are also those parents who may not care that they will have to pay extra taxes
if they are allowed not to vaccinate their children.
In Australia, certain federal family tax benefits will be paid to families if their children are
vaccinated,418 and recently Australia implemented a "No Jab, No Pay" policy where parents
lose 15€ weekly from their tax benefits for each child not up to date with their
immunisations. 419 Similarly, parents in Italy who refuse to vaccinate their children, in addition
to being prohibited from enrolling them in public or private schools, face fines between 500€

408 Ramirez, 2019, p. 259
409 Carson Pearcy, 2013, p. 138
410 Halperin, Melnychuk, Downie and MacDonald, 2007, p. 843
411 Ibid, p. 844
412 Ibid
413 Ibid
414 Ibid
415 Consalvo, 2019, p. 1513
416 Ibid
417 Ibid, p. 1526
418 Bromberger, 2017, p. 212
419 Consalvo, 2019, p. 1517

59

and 7,500€.420 Parents in Germany and Romania who fail to follow health ministry
requirements on vaccination face penalties up to 2500€ and 2200€ respectively. 421 Two sets
of parents in Belgium who refused to have their children vaccinated against polio, which is
compulsory under Belgian law, were convicted earlier this month. 422 Each parent was fined
5500€ and sentenced to five months in prison.423 Belgian law allows exceptions only if parents
can prove that the child might have adverse health reactions to the polio vaccine. 424 The concept
of penalty means any punishment for an unlawful act or omission." 425
The idea here is that the state is trying to increase the vaccination coverage of the community
with this sanction. These measures stem from the irresponsibility of parents towards
vaccination recommendations and the burden must shift and fall only upon the individuals who
refuse to acknowledge that immunising against vaccine-preventable diseases is a fundamental
necessity for preserving public health. 426 Unlike various sanctions or initiatives designed to
increase parents willingness to vaccinate their children in other countries. Israeli law does not
obligate parents to vaccinate their children, and the choice not to vaccinate them has no legal
implications for them or their children. 427 Even in countries where childhood vaccinations are
"compulsory," parents can still choose not to vaccinate their children and bear the
consequences.428
As long as children are not forcibly vaccinated, parents' right to make an autonomous decision
regarding the vaccination of their child is preserved, even if it is restricted through legal
sanctions.429 In countries where vaccination is voluntary, no sanctions could be imposed.
However, voluntary vaccination can be encouraged, for example by granting financial benefits.
A parent who is not providing needed medical care to the child is considered to be neglecting
the child. 430 In states where vaccination is compulsory, it can be shown that vaccinating is in
the best interests of the child. In such states, parents are breaching their parental duties by

420 Consalvo, 2019, p. 1517
421 Ibid, p. 1518
422 Stafford, 2008, p. 348
423 Ibid
424 Ibid
425 Consalvo, 2019, p. 1529
426 Ibid, p. 1513
427 Karako Eyal, 2016, p. 933-934
428 Ibid, pp. 913-914
429 Ibid p. 914
430 Ramirez, 2019, p. 259

60

choosing not to vaccinate, violating the child's right to health. As a result, parents can be
sanctioned for neglecting the child’s well-being.

61

4. CONCLUSION
As stated earlier, there are several different vaccination-programmes that states can follow.
There is no clear, evidence-based answer on which vaccine policy is most appropriate. The
issue of vaccinating in general is a big challenge, both in countries where vaccination is
voluntary, and in countries where it is compulsory. The aim of this thesis was to examine the
legal justifications of states in imposing compulsory MMR vaccination programmes under
international human rights law and how the competing interests of the individual and the
community are balanced, when states impose compulsory MMR-vaccination programmes.
It could be argued that each vaccination programme favours human-rights from different
aspect. Voluntary and recommended vaccination programmes are ideal from the perspective
of an individual’s rights, as the individual, in this case the parent, has the freedom to decide
whether or not to vaccinate the child. This realises the individual's right to, such things as
privacy, family life and freedom of religion. A voluntary vaccination programme may also
guarantee the rights of others and thus also enables the realisation of rights from a community
perspective. This means that the vaccination coverage is sufficient, and the herd protection is
sufficient to prevent the spread of the disease. This is achieved when enough people have been
vaccinated to achieve herd protection. A voluntary vaccination programme may work very
effectively, but one could argue that it would not work everywhere. For example, in states
where religion is prominent, some parents may invoke the freedom of religion as grounds to
decline vaccination. Some religions may prohibit medical procedures and vaccinating. As a
result, vaccination coverage may remain too low and herd protection will no longer be achieved
as desired. This could endanger the safety of the community and the public health. Therefore,
this may violate the rights of others. However, the voluntary nature of a voluntary vaccination
programme is limited, if the state deems it necessary to order all unvaccinated to be vaccinated,
for example as a result of an outbreak of a disease. At this stage, the state is not considered to
violate the individual's right to self-determination, nor to bodily integrity. This leads to the fact
that some states have to resort to compulsory vaccination programmes to guarantee the
necessary percentage of herd protection. However, a compulsory vaccination programme can
be claimed to violate the above-mentioned individual rights, and one could say that this is a
somewhat a correct observation. The purpose of a compulsory vaccination programme is to
guarantee not only individual rights, but also the community rights and the public health. A
compulsory vaccination programme from an individual’s perspective may violate a parents’

62

rights to decide whether to vaccinate their child, but on the other hand may ensure that the
child’s rights are realised, if vaccinating is considered in the best interests of the child. The
states cannot allow the rights of the individual to take precedence over the rights of the
community, as the state has a responsibility to take care not only of the individual, but also of
the community as a whole. It could be argued that guaranteeing the rights of the individual
does not justify endangering the rest of the community, in this case, by allowing an individual
to opt out of a vaccination programme, for example, on the grounds of religion, potentially
endangering community health and spreading communicable disease. The protection of public
health against epidemic hazards justifies the implementation of legal solutions that restrict an
individual’s freedom of self-determination, thus limiting the right of patients or their statutory
representatives to grant or refuse consent for a medical intervention in the form of preventive
vaccination – the purpose of this legal solution being to prioritise the safeguarding of state
health security.431
However, a compulsory vaccination programme may not be considered ethically right and it
may not necessarily guarantee higher herd protection. It could be argued that with regard to
compulsory vaccination programme, the state has a lower threshold to address the parents’
non-vaccination decision compared to a voluntary vaccination programme. Because of this,
one could argue that vaccinating does not need such a substantiated justification once it has
already been made compulsory. In the ECtHR case, Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, it was
emphasised that an individual’s freedom of religion is not a justification for endangering
others.432 On this basis, a compulsory vaccination programme could be justified, if the state
sees it as a necessary measure. However, a compulsory vaccination programme could be, so to
speak, the last straw for the state if a voluntary vaccination programme does not produce the
desired result in order to ensure the protection of the herd and the safety of the community.
Compulsory vaccination programmes could be justified, according to certain requirements of
the state. The protection of individual and community rights, such as the need for a sufficiently
high level of herd protection to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. Furthermore,
safeguarding children's rights and ensuring the best interests of the child may in some cases be
better achieved through a compulsory vaccination programme when parents do not have the

431 Huzarska-Ryzenko, Huzarska and Pędziński, 2019, p. 238
432 Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino, (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998, para 4, p. 33)

63

right to decide whether to vaccinate their child, or not. Here, of course, it must be borne in
mind that vaccination would need be considered in the best interests of the child. A compulsory
vaccination programme could also be considered justified if a voluntary vaccination
programme does not work in society. However, one could argue that a compulsory vaccination
programme should be the state’s last option, after concluding that less restrictive alternatives
do not work as desired. The decision of the state between a voluntary and a compulsory
vaccination programme must be made in the light of the principle of proportionality. Thus, the
decision must be suitable, necessary and strike a reasonable balance between the interests of
the individual and the community. Thus, it could be argued that justifying a compulsory
vaccination programme requires justification as to why individuals right to self-determination
has been so severely restricted. It could be argued that community safety has become a key
issue and the rights of the child are often realised from a community welfare perspective.
Therefore, the state may not intervene or be able to intervene in individual cases from the point
of view of the best interests of the child, but rather, the state justifies vaccination on the basis
of a community perspective.
In conclusion, a compulsory vaccination programme can be justified under international human
rights law, to the extent that the state has a valid reason to restrict individual rights, such as
freedom of religion. The state should not impose restrictions on the rights of the individual,
except for a reason that is considered more important, such as the community safety and public
health. However, it could be argued that when a compulsory vaccination programme restricts
the parents’ freedom of religion, the vaccination program should not, through possible
sanctions, harm the rights of the child, such as the child’s right to education. If a state decides
to introduce a compulsory vaccination programme, it should ensure that children receive the
MMR-vaccine, so that the vaccination programme does not function at the expense of their
rights. For example, at the expense of a child’s right to education, when school attendance is
denied without proof of vaccination. A compulsory vaccination programme should not violate
the rights of the child, to ensure community safety. When the state is introducing a compulsory
vaccination programme, the state should ensure that it does not adversely affect the rights and
development of the child as well as the possibility to be a part of society.

64

Bibliography
Primary Sources
International Conventions
1953, European Convention on Human Rights
1976, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
1976, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
1990, The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child

International Case Law
European Court of Human Rights
Boffa and 13 others v. San Marino (Application No 26536/95, ECtHR, 15 January 1998)
Phull v. France (Application No. 35753/03, ECtHR, 10 January 2005)
El Morsli v. France (Application No. 15585/06, ECtHR, 4 March 2008)
Vavřička v. Czech Republic (Application No. 47621/13, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
Novotná v. Czech Republic (Application No. 3867/14, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
Hornych v. Czech Republic (Application No. 73094/14, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
Brožík v. Czech Republic (Application No. 19306/15, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
Dubský v. Czech Republic (Application No. 19298/15, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)
Roleček v. Czech Republic (Application No. 43883/15, ECtHR, 6 January 2020, Pending)

National Case Law
Jacobson v. Commonwealth of Massachuttes (Application No. 197 U.S. 11, The Supreme
Court of the United States, 20 February 1905)

65

Prince v. Massachusetts (Application No. 321 U.S. 158, The Supreme Court of the United
States, 31 January 1944)

National Law
Finnish Act on the Status and Rights of Patients
Finnish Communicable Diseases Act
Finnish Constitution Law

Secondary Sources

Articles and Monographs
Agnus Dawson, The Determination of the Best Interest in Relation to Childhood
Immunisation, Bioethics ISSN, Volume 19, No. 1, 2005, 188-205
Alison Fernbach, Parental rights and decision-making regarding vaccinations: Ethical
dilemmas for the primary care provider, Journal of the American Academy of Nurse
Practitioners 23, 2011, 336–345
American, Academy of Pediatrics, Immunization Strategies and Practices, 2018, 1-170
Ari Hirvonen, Mitkä metodit? Opas oikeustieteen metodologiaan, University of Helsinki,
2011, 1-71
Beth Halperin, Ryan Melnychuk, Jocelyn Downie, Noni MacDonald, When is it permissible
to dismiss a family who refuses vaccines? Legal, ethical and public health perspectives,
Paediatr Child Health 2007, 843-845
Carter Dillard, Prospective Parents and the Children's Rights Convention, 25 American
University International Law Review, 2010, 485-529

66

Cindy Shen, Vinita Dubey, Addressing vaccine hesitancy, The College of Family Physicians
of Canada, 2019, 175-181
Dorit Rubinstein Reiss, Compensating the Victims of Failure to Vaccinate: What Are the
Options, 23 Cornell Journal of Law and Public Policy, 2014, 595-633
Dorit Rubinstein Reiss, Herd Immunity and Immunization Policy: The Importance of
Accuracy, 94 Oregon Law Review, 2015, 1-22
Dorota Huzarska-Ryzenko, Joanna Huzarska, Bartosz Pędziński, Health Security in a
Democratic State: Child Vaccination – Legal Obligation Versus the Right to Express Consent
for a Medical Intervention, Studies in Logic, Grammar and Rhetoric 59 (72), 2019, 237-255
Douglas S. Diekema, Parental Refusals of Medical Treatment: The Harm Principle as
Threshold fir State Intervention, Theoretical Medicine 25, 2004, 243–264
E. Hak, Y. Scho nbeck, H. De Melker, G.A. Van Essen, E.A.M. Sanders, Negative attitude of
highly educated parents and health care workers towards future vaccinations in the Dutch
childhood vaccination program, Vaccine 23, 2005, 3103–3107
Elchanan G. Stern, Parens Patriae and Parental Rights: When Should the State Override
Parental Medical Decisions, 33 Journal of Law & Health, 2019, 79-105
Elena Bozzola, Giulia Spina, Rocco Russo, Mauro Bozzola, Giovanni Corsello and Alberto
Villani, Mandatory vaccinations in European countries, undocumented information, false
news and the impact on vaccination uptake: the position of the Italian pediatric society,
Italian Journal of Pediatrics, 2018, 1-42
Ellen C. Tolsma, Protecting Our Herd: How a National Mandatory Vaccination Policy
Protects Public Health by Ensuring Herd Immunity, 18 Journal of Gender Race & Justice,
2015, 313-339
Emma Cave, Adolescent Refusal of MMR Inoculation: F (Mother) v F (Father), 77 Modern
Law Review, 2014, 630-640

67

Emma Cave, Voluntary Vaccination: The Pandemic Effect, 37 Legal Studies, Durham
University, 2017, 279-304
Francesca Camilleri, Compulsory vaccinations for children: Balancing the competing human
rights at stake, Public International Law, Utrecht University, the Netherlands, Netherlands
Quarterly of Human Rights, Vol. 37(3) 2019, 245–267
Heather Carson Pearcy, Use of Vaccines in a Public Health Emergency, 4 Journal of
Biosecurity Biosafety & Biodefense Law, 2013, 131-150
Janet Andrew, Striving for Herd Immunity, 90 New York University Law Review Online,
2015, 1-16
Janet Leach Richards, Redefining Parenthood: Parental Rights Versus Child Rights, 40
Wayne Law Review, 1994, 1227-1272
Janneke Gerards, How to improve the necessity test of the European Court of Human Rights,
International Journal of Constitutional Law, Volume 11, Issue 2, 2013, Pages 466–490
Jason M. Merrill, Falling through the Cracks: Distinguishing Parental Rights from Parental
Obligations in Cases Involving Termination of the Parent-Child Relationship, 11 Journal of
Law & Family Studies, 2008, 203-213
Kavita Shah Arora, Jane Morris, Allan J. Jacobs, Refusal of Vaccination: A Test to Balance
Societal and Individual Interests, Journal of Clinical Ethics, 2018 206–216
Kaja Damnjanovic, Johanna Graeber, Sandra Ilic, Wing Y. Lam, Žan Lep, Sara Morales,
Tero Pulkkinen and Loes Vingerhoets, Parental Decision-Making on Childhood Vaccination,
Frontiers in Psycology, 2018, 1-14
Kath O'Donnell, Re C (Welfare of Child: Immunisation) - Room to Refuse: Immunisation,
Welfare and the Role of Parental Decision Making, 16 Child and Family Law Quarterly,
2004, 213-230

68

Kathleen Ramirez, Protect Our Children: Vaccination Exemptions Can Establish Child Abuse
and Neglect, Family Court Review, Vol. 57 No. 2, 2019, 258–272
Kirsten Sandberg, The Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Vulnerability of
Children, Nordic Journal of International Law, 2015, 221-247
Lawrence B. Custer, The Origins of the Doctrine of Parens Patriae, 27 Emory Law Journal,
1978, 195-208
Lee Black, Limiting parents’ rights in medical decision making, American Medical
Association Journal of Ethics, Volume 8, Number 10, 2006, 676-680
Marcel Verweij, Angus Dawson, Ethical principles for collective immunisation programmes,
Utrecht University Ethics Institute, Heidelberglaan Netherlands, 2004, 2122-3126
Marie Fox & Michael Thomson, Bodily Integrity, Embodiment, and the Regulation of
Parental Choice, 44 Journal of Law in Society, 2017, 501-531
Martha Albertson Fineman & George Shepherd, Home schooling: Choosing Parental Rights
over Children's Interests, 46 University of Baltimore Law Review, 2016, 57-106
Mary Holland & Chase E. Zachary, Herd Immunity and Compulsory Childhood Vaccination:
Does the Theory Justify the Law, 93 Oregon Review of International Law. No. 1, 2014, 1-48
Miriam Fine-Goulden, ‘Should childhood vaccination be compulsory in the UK?’, 2010, 1-9
Ned Stafford, Belgian parents are sentenced to prison for not vaccinating children, BMJ
Publishing Group, Volume 336, 2008, 347-353
Nicholas R. Consalvo, Taxation without Immunization: Exercising the Federal Taxing Power
to Increase Childhood Vaccination Rates, 71 Florida Law Review, 2019, 1513-1539
Nikki Bromberger, Vaccine-preventable diseases: Compensating victims and deterring nonvaccinators?, Western Sydney University, Australia, Alternative Law Journal Vol. 42 (3),
2017, 211–215

69

Nili Karako Eyal, The Right for Autonomy, the Duty of Disclosure and Public Health
Considerations - The 2013 Polio Crisis in Israel as a Case Study, 36 Pace Law Review, 2016,
908-969
Rebecca Rodal & Kumanan Wilson, Could Parents be Held Liable for Not Immunizing Their
Children, 4 McGill Journal of Law and Health, 2010-2011, 39-64
Richard. K. Zimmerman, Robert M Wolfe, Dwight. E. Fox, Jake. R. Fox, Mary Patricia
Nowalk, Judith A Troy, and Lisa. K. Sharp, Vaccine Criticism on the World Wide Web,
Journal of Medical Internet Research, 2005, 1-10
Robert Ludbrook, The Child's Right to Bodily Integrity, 7 Current Issues Criminal Justice,
1995, 123-132
Ruth Farrugia, Parental Responsibility and State Intervention, California Western
International Law Journal, Vol 31, 2000, 127-140
Salini Mohanty, Caroline M. Joyce, Paul L. Delamater, Nicola P. Klein, Daniel Salmon, Saad
B. Omer, Alison M. Buttenheim, Home schooling parents in California: Attitudes, beliefs and
behaviors associated with child’s vaccination status, Vaccine 38, 2019, 1899–1905
Samantha Godwin, Against Parental Rights, 47 Columbia Human Rights Law Review, 2015,
1-84
Tim Dare, Parental rights and medical decisions, Department of Philosophy, University of
Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand, Pediatric Anesthesia 19, 2009, 947–952
Zita Lazzarini & David Gregorio, Personal Health in the Public Domain: Reconciling
Individual Rights with Collective Responsibilities, 46 Connecticut Law Review, 2014, 18391857

70

Books
Angus Dawson, Marcel Verweij, Tom Sorell, Ethics, Prevention, and Public Health, Oxford
University, 2007, 1-234
Dimitris Xenos, The Positive Obligations of the State under the European Convention of
Human Rights, Routledge, 2011, 1-231
Jean-François Akandji-Kombe, Positive obligations under the European Convention Human
Rights, A guide to the implementation of the European Convention on Human Rights,
Council of Europe, 2007, 1-64
Malcolm Hill, Youth Justice and Child Protection, Jessica Kingsley Publishers, 2006, 1-320
Mark C. Vopat, Children's Rights and Moral Parenting, Lexington Books, 2015
Rachel Hodgkin and Peter Newell, Implementation Handbook for the Convention on the
Rights of the Child, UNICEF, 2007, 1-878
Suvianna Hakalehto & Irma Pahlman, Lapsen oikeudet terveydenhuollossa, Kauppakamari,
2018, 1-324
Wenche Barth Eide, and Asbjø Eide. Article 24: The Right to Health, BRILL, 2006, 1-52

Fact Sheets
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, World Health
Organization, The Right to Health Fact Sheet No. 31, 2008, 1-52

General Comments (United Nations CESCR and CRC)
United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, General Comment No. 7, (2005),
Implementing Child rights in early childhood
Committee on the Rights of the Children, General Comment, No. 14 (2013) Art 3 para 1: On
the Right of the Child to Have His or Her Best Interests Taken as a Primary Consideration

71

Committee on the Rights of the Child, General comment No. 15 (2013) Art. 24: On the Right
of the Child to the Enjoyment of the Highest Attainable Standard of Health

Online Sources
Council of Europe, https://www.coe.int/en/web/echr-toolkit/definitions, 19.3.2020
Eduskunta, Perustuslakivaliokunta, Valiokunnan lausunto PeVL11/2016 vp - HE 13/2016 vp,
https://www.eduskunta.fi/FI/vaski/Lausunto/Sivut/PeVL_11+2016.aspx, 12.3.2020
Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare, https://thl.fi/en/web/vaccination/nationalvaccination-programme/vaccination-programme-for-children-and-adolescents, 24.5.2020
Sara Fovargue, Conscientious Objection at the European Court of Human Rights,
Accommodating Conscience Research Network (ACORN), 2019,
http://wp.lancs.ac.uk/acorn/2019/05/23/conscientious-objection-at-the-european-court-ofhuman-rights/, 22.5.2020
Terveyden ja Hyvinvoinnin Laitos, Rokotusohjelma lapsille ja aikuisille,
https://thl.fi/fi/web/infektiotaudit-ja-rokotukset/tietoa-rokotuksista/kansallinenrokotusohjelma/rokotusohjelma-lapsille-ja-aikuisille#lapset, 22.5.2020
The Guardian, 'These babies should not have died': How the measles outbreak took hold in
Samoa, 17.12.2019, https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/dec/18/these-babies-shouldnot-have-died-how-the-measles-outbreak-took-hold-in-samoa, 2.6.2020
UNICEF, Childhood Under Threat, The State of World’s Children, 2005,
https://www.unicef.org/sowc05/english/childhooddefined.html, 25.2.2020
World Health Organization, https://www.who.int/publications/10-year-review/vaccines/en/,
28.1.2020
World Health Organization, Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals,
https://www.who.int/immunization/diseases/measles/en/, 18.5.2020

72

Speech
Thomas Hammarberg, Commissioner for Human Rights, Council of Europe, 2008, 1-10

73

