What Is the Nature of the Relation Between Income
and Subjective Well-Being?

Patrik Mantere
Master’s Thesis in Economics
Supervisor: Edvard Johansson
Åbo Akademi University
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
2020

Åbo Akademi University – Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics

Abstract for master’s thesis
Subject: Economics
Writer: Patrik Mantere
Title: What Is the Nature of the Relation Between Income and Subjective Well-Being?
Supervisor: Edvard Johansson
Abstract: The purpose of this research is to study different qualities of the relation
between income and subjective well-being. In this case, subjective well-being is defined
as happiness and life satisfaction.
Studies have found the relation between income and subjective well-being to be positive
and limited in the sense that a higher income ceases to increase experienced well-being
after certain amounts of income. Moreover, the effect of income is found to be stronger
on life satisfaction than on happiness. These findings are further supported in this study.
However, preceding studies find the satiation points to occur at higher incomes in wealthy
regions than in poor ones. The suggested explanations to this difference underscore the
role of relative income in the assessment of subjective well-being.
In this thesis, I find that satiation points do occur in wealthy countries, but not in poor
ones. With this empirical support, I argue that the relation between income and subjective
well-being is, in fact, positively diminishing so that an increasing income has a decreasing
positive effect on subjective well-being. Furthermore, I argue that this positively
diminishing relation can be explained with theory of human needs.
A detailed research of the qualities of the relation between income and subjective wellbeing is important for an accurate understanding of the relation. The understanding of the
relation between income and subjective well-being, in turn, is important for the
optimization of happiness and life satisfaction in individual lives, as well as in societies.

Key words: income, happiness, life satisfaction

Date: 8.6.2020

Number of pages: 52
i

Table of Contents
1.

2.

Introduction.......................................................................................................... 1
1.1

Research space ............................................................................................... 1

1.2

Purposes ......................................................................................................... 2

1.3

Results ............................................................................................................ 3

Theories and hypotheses ...................................................................................... 5
2.1

The positive relations between income and both happiness and life

satisfaction ................................................................................................................ 5
2.2

Theories for a limited positive effect of income on happiness and life

satisfaction ................................................................................................................ 7
2.3

Need theory .................................................................................................... 8

2.4

Theories for satiation points at higher incomes in wealthy nations than in

poor 10
3.

Preceding studies ................................................................................................ 12
3.1

Studies about the positive relations between income and both happiness and

life satisfaction ........................................................................................................ 12
3.2

Studies about the limited effect of income on happiness and life satisfaction
13

4.

5.

Data..................................................................................................................... 18
4.1

Applied measures ......................................................................................... 18

4.2

Problems with measuring happiness and life satisfaction .......................... 20

4.3

Observed data .............................................................................................. 21

Method ................................................................................................................ 23
5.1

Splines .......................................................................................................... 23

5.2

Cubic splines ................................................................................................ 23

5.3

The creation of restricted cubic splines....................................................... 24
ii

6.

7.

5.4

The econometric models .............................................................................. 24

5.5

Plotting the results ....................................................................................... 25

Results................................................................................................................. 27
6.1

Results for every observed country together .............................................. 27

6.2

Results for the wealthy countries ................................................................ 31

6.3

Results for the poor countries ..................................................................... 37

Conclusions ......................................................................................................... 44
7.1

Conclusions about the hypotheses ............................................................... 44

7.2

Conclusions about the theories .................................................................... 46

7.3

Conclusions about the purposes of the research ......................................... 47

Summary in Swedish (sammanfattning på svenska) ................................................ 49
References

Appendix
Appendix A. A general restricted cubic spline model
Appendix B. Descriptive statistics
Appendix C. Robust results

iii

List of Figures
Figure 2.1 Maslow’s hierarchy of needs…………………………………………….8
Figure 3.1 Results from Kahneman and Deaton, 2010…………………………….15
Table 4.1 GDP/c of the wealthy and poor countries……………………………….22
Table 6.1 Results for every observed country together……………………………27
Graph 6.1……………………………………………………………………………..29
Graph 6.2……………………………………………………………………………..30
Table 6.2 Results for happiness in the wealthy countries…………………………31
Graph 6.3…………………………………………………………………………….33
Graph 6.4…………………………………………………………………………….33
Graph 6.5…………………………………………………………………………….34
Table 6.3 Results for life satisfaction in the wealthy countries…………………..35
Graph 6.6……………………………………………………………………………36
Graph 6.7……………………………………………………………………………36
Graph 6.8……………………………………………………………………………37
Table 6.4 Results for happiness in the poor countries……………………………38
Graph 6.9……………………………………………………………………………39
Graph 6.10…………………………………………………………………………..39
Graph 6.11…………………………………………………………………………..40
Table 6.5 Results for life satisfaction in the poor countries……………………..41
Graph 6.12…………………………………………………………………………..42
Graph 6.13…………………………………………………………………………..42
Graph 6.14…………………………………………………………………………..43

iv

1. Introduction
In this chapter, the research space, purpose, and gist of the implications of this thesis are
presented.
1.1 Research space
The first objective of this thesis is to examine the qualities of the statistical correlations
between income and subjective well-being. In this case, subjective well-being is defined
as subjective happiness and life satisfaction.
The second objective is to compare these qualities in relatively wealthy and poor
countries.
An imperative assumption for these objectives, then, is that there are relations between
income and both happiness and life satisfaction to begin with. Fortunately, studies have
found evidence supporting these relations.
For example, Richard A. Easterlin observes 30 surveys comprising 19 countries and finds
that in each survey the high-income groups show higher average levels of happiness than
the poorer groups (Easterlin, R. A., 1974). In addition, the applied measures differ among
the surveys so that both happiness and life satisfaction are studied.
Similarly, Betsey Stevenson and Justin Wolfers investigate the relations in the United
States and find that the reported average levels of happiness and life satisfaction seem to
move consistently with the income groups so that the lowest income groups report the
lowest average levels of happiness and life satisfaction and the highest income groups,
respectively, report the highest average levels of both happiness and life satisfaction
(Stevenson, B., & Wolfers, J., 2013).
Moreover, when Stevenson and Wolfers attempt to find satiation points for the relation
between income and life satisfaction in 25 countries, their regression-lines show no signs
of flattening; the correlations stay positive at the highest observed incomes.
Like Stevenson and Wolfers, Daniel Kahneman and Angus Deaton find that life
satisfaction keeps rising all the way to the highest observed incomes in their study of the
1

relations between income and both life satisfaction and emotional well-being in the United
States (Kahneman, D., & Deaton, A., 2010).
Kahneman and Deaton do, however, discover a statistical limit for the effect of income on
their measure for emotional well-being, including happiness. They estimate that after an
annual income of approximately $75,000, the positive effect of a higher income on
emotional well-being disappears.
With these findings, then, Kahneman and Deaton conclude that a high income improves
life satisfaction but not emotional well-being.
Andrew T. Jebb et al. expand the research by Kahneman and Deaton to comprise other
world regions (Jebb A. T. et al., 2018). By applying similar measures as Kahneman and
Deaton, Jebb et al. set out to find satiation points for the effect of income on life
satisfaction and emotional well-being. According to their results, the effect of income on
life satisfaction is, as Kahneman and Deaton argue, stronger than the effect of income on
emotional well-being. However, Jebb et al. also find that both emotional well-being and
life satisfaction do satiate and, additionally, that satiation takes place at higher incomes in
wealthier nations.
To advance existing research, this thesis provides a look into differences in potential
satiation points among countries. Because the observation of a single country fails to
provide a wide picture of differences in satiation points, but, conversely, the examining of
entire world regions may become too general with regard to demography, culture,
economic status etcetera, a more detailed, yet diverse, description of differences in
satiation points can be achieved by comparing countries.
1.2 Purposes
The purpose of this thesis is to develop existing explanations about the relations between
income and both happiness and satisfaction with life. The analysis of these relations is
important on many levels.
Primarily, it is important for people who aspire to be happy to understand that riches do
not necessarily guarantee one happiness, and that a striving toward a high income may, in
2

fact, be a worthless path that does not lead to a life of contentment. In the Nicomachean
Ethics, Aristotle states that: “The life of money-making is one undertaken under
compulsion, and wealth is evidently not the good we are seeking; for it is merely useful
and for the sake of something else.” (Brown, L., 2009, p. 7). Instead of wealth, then,
Aristotle argues that the good we are seeking is happiness.
From a governmental perspective, the knowledge of limited effects of income on
happiness and life satisfaction may be seen as an argument for a progressive taxation. In
other words, it may be argued that rich people should be taxed more because they do not
benefit from more money as much as people with low incomes would after a redistribution
by the government. One advocate for an unequal redistribution of this sort was the
American philosopher John Rawls (1921-2002), who argued that social and economic
inequalities should be organised in favour of the indigent people (Rawls, J., 1971).
Additionally, chiefs who wish to motivate their workers can benefit from the insight that
raises and bonuses may become inefficient for this purpose after certain limits. Some
support for this defectiveness of wages as motivators is presented by Frederick Herzberg
who argues that it is not salary, but recognition, advancement, responsibility etcetera, that
makes workers satisfied with their jobs (Herzberg, F. M., & Mausner, B., 1959).
As a final point, although the purpose of this thesis is to clarify the relation between
income and both happiness and life satisfaction, it is necessary to assert that income is
only part of what makes people happy and satisfied with their lives, and that happiness
cannot be explained in a general manner due to individual differences in experienced
emotion. Hence, the purpose of this thesis is not to be interpreted as a description of what
makes people happy, but as a description of differences in emotions at different levels of
income.
1.3 Results
The results give rise to 4 inferences.
The 1st inference is that there are positive relations between income and both happiness
and life satisfaction.
3

The 2nd inference is that the relation between income and life satisfaction is stronger than
the relation between income and happiness.
The 3rd inference is that the relation between income and life satisfaction stops increasing
in wealthy countries with high incomes.
The 4th inference is that the relation between income and life satisfaction does not stop
increasing in poor countries with low incomes.
With these inferences, then, the nature of the relation between income and subjective wellbeing is portrayed.

4

2. Theories and hypotheses
In this chapter, theories about the nature of the relations between income and both
happiness and life satisfaction are presented together with the 4 hypotheses that form the
base of the research in this thesis.
2.1 The positive relations between income and both happiness and life satisfaction
Hypothesis 1: there are positive relations between income and both happiness and life
satisfaction.
The theory of a positive relation between goods and utility is one of the basic assumptions
in microeconomics, namely the assumption of non-satiation. The assumption of nonsatiation asserts that: “A consumption bundle x´ will be preferred to x´´ if x´ contains more
of at least one good and no less of any other, i.e. if x´>x´´.” (Gravelle, H., & Rees, R.,
2004, p. 13). Furthermore, the assumption of non-satiation maintains that a consumer
always wants more goods and is, in other words, never satiated. As more goods are
attained with more money, it follows that a higher income enables a higher utility which,
in theory, always makes a consumer happier and more satisfied.
The American economist Thorstein Veblen (1857-1929) took a different approach toward
the purpose of consumption. The prime reason for consumption, according to Veblen, is
to use its conspicuous quality to lift one’s status in the eyes of others (Veblen, T., 1899).
Thus, happiness and life satisfaction are still positively linked to a higher income, but the
reason for the improvements is not the consumption, but the higher status it enables.
In addition to the enablement of an abundant consumption, the positive relation between
income and both happiness and life satisfaction can be argued for with the theory that a
higher income correlates positively with good health and a long life expectancy through,
for example, access to high quality health care.
There are empirical studies which support this theory. For example, Johan P. Mackenbach
et al. compare rates of mortality and self-assessed health among different socioeconomic
groups in 22 European countries and find that, in almost every country, the lower
5

socioeconomic groups showed higher rates of mortality and worse self-assessments of
health than the high socioeconomic groups (Mackenbach, J. P. et al., 2008).
There are, in other words, reasons to believe that a higher income will improve
experienced happiness and life satisfaction. However, none of the aforementioned theories
describe a positive effect of a higher income on specifically happiness or life satisfaction.
This is a relevant distinction as happiness and life satisfaction do not parallel to each other.
Happiness may, for example, be described as “A relative permanent state of well-being
characterized by dominantly agreeable emotions ranging in value from mere contentment
to positive felicity.” (Hartman, G., W., 1934, p. 202). Life satisfaction, in turn, requires
self-reflection, and may be argued to apply as a concept “only when a person more or less
knows what he wants and assessed the degree to which his wants are met.” (Veenhoven,
R., 2013, p. 27).
Fortunately, this distinction between happiness and life satisfaction is not completely
unscrutinised.
Daniel Kahneman and Angus Deaton take it into consideration in their article “High
income improves evaluation of life but not emotional well-being”. With empirical support
from the results of their research, Kahneman and Deaton argue that the positive effect of
an increased income ceases sooner for emotional well-being, including happiness, than it
does for satisfaction with life.
As an explanation for this, they suggest that an increased income may, after a certain point,
become inefficient for enabling people to do things that enhance their emotional wellbeing. These things, then, include: “spending time with people they like, avoiding pain
and disease, and enjoying leisure” (Kahneman, D., & Deaton, A., 2010, p. 16492).
Furthermore, they emphasize the difference between feelings experienced while, on the
one hand, thinking about life and, on the other hand, living it; the assessment of life
satisfaction is associated with reasoning more so than the assessment of happiness, which
is, in turn, more susceptible to emotion.

6

The argued relevance of this distinction for the effect of income on life satisfaction and
emotional well-being, then, is that income is more important for the reasoned assessment
of life, than it is for felt happiness.
Hypothesis 2: the relation between income and happiness is weaker than the relation
between income and life satisfaction.
2.2 Theories for a limited positive effect of income on happiness and life satisfaction
Hypothesis 3: the positive relations between income and both happiness and life
satisfaction cease after certain limits.
Although there are reasons to believe that there are positive relations between income and
both happiness and satisfaction with life, there are also reasons to believe that these
relations are limited.
For example, Thorstein Veblen’s theory of a higher income raising the status of a person
in the eyes of others, and in this way improving the evaluation of life for this person, may
be deemed as limited because there are no ranks to achieve after one has reached the
highest income group.
Similarly, once a person can afford high quality healthcare, there is no more room for
improvement in this aspect of life and so, consequently, no more room for improvement
in life evaluation or happiness.
In addition, the realism of the microeconomic axiom of non-satiation may be questioned
as the theory that a greater consumption always makes a person happier or more satisfied
relies on an assumption of a most materialistic person.
As Daniel Kahneman and Richard H. Thaler write in their article “Anomalies: Utility
maximization and experienced utility”: “to maximize utility successfully, one must start
by making a forecast about how the various possible outcomes will be experienced”
(Kahneman, D., & Thaler, R. H., 2006, p. 231). In other words, for the axiom of nonsatiation to be believable, people must be assumed to forecast a maximized utility simply
by consuming as much as possible. This is a crude assumption.

7

2.3 Need theory
A more realistic theory than the axiom of non-satiation is the theory of a restriction of the
positive effect of a higher income on happiness and life satisfaction.
This restriction may, to some extent, be explained with so-called need theory, i.e. theory
about human needs. One comprehensive need theory is the hierarchy of needs by Abraham
H. Maslow.
According to Maslow, “There are at least five sets of goals, which we may call basic
needs. These are briefly physiological, safety, love, 'esteem, and self-actualization…
These basic goals are related to each other, being arranged in a hierarchy of prepotency”
(Maslow, A. H., 1943, p. 18).
Figure 2.1 Maslow’s hierarchy of needs

The physiological need refers to the need to keep one’s body nourished, in other words
the need to eat and drink, and it is prepotent in relation to the other needs. Thus, a person
without any of the five basic needs would, according to Maslow, long for food more than
anything else.
The safety need encompasses a society where people do not have to feel threatened by
violence, extreme temperatures, disorder, and so forth, and it is the second most prepotent
need in Maslow’s hierarchy.

8

The love need entails a longing for friends, a companion, children, or a feeling of
belongingness to a group, and it will arise once the physiological and safety needs are
gratified if not completely, then at least to some extent.
The esteem need refers to the desire for a high evaluation of oneself based on
achievements and the feeling of adequacy on the one hand, and respect and recognition
from others on the other hand. It emerges after the love need.
The need for self-actualization, the final need in Maslow’s hierarchy, implies that doing
what one is suited to do, e.g. singing if one is a singer, is a prerequisite for ultimate
happiness. In other words, a person cannot be completely satisfied without an outlet for
self-actualization, even if the other four sets of needs are being gratified.
The support from the hierarchy of needs to the theory of income having a limited effect
on happiness, then, is that income is of great assistance to the satisfaction of physiological
and safety needs, whereas the higher needs are more difficult to gratify by means of more
money.
As both the quality and quantity of food, and the standard of accommodation, being an
imperative part of safety, are essentially reliant on the wealth of a person, a higher income
directly supports an upgrade of them.
That is not to say that a high income will guarantee a safe society, but that a higher income
directly enables an improvement of the safety of one’s accommodation through, for
example, location and security.
This is not the case for the higher needs.
A higher income does not, for example, directly enable people to do what they are most
suited to do. The level of income does not, for example, directly determine whether a
singer will or will not sing.
Likewise, the level of income does not directly dictate the number of friends that a person
has.

9

Of course, a higher income can make it easier to pursue a self-actualizing activity, engage
in social activities, and, as Thorstein Veblen argued, improve self-esteem through a higher
status.
Still, the connections are largely indirect.
2.4 Theories for satiation points at higher incomes in wealthy nations than in poor
Hypothesis 4: in wealthy countries, the limits after which a higher income no longer
contributes to experienced happiness and life satisfaction occur at higher income levels
than the limits in poor countries.
A theory for this hypothesis is the so-called Easterlin paradox by Richard A. Easterlin.
The Easterlin paradox infers that there is a contradiction in the relation between income
and happiness; namely that a higher income increases the happiness of individuals, but a
higher GDP/c does not increase the overall happiness in a country (Easterlin, R. A., 1974).
From this controversy, Easterlin concludes that the decisive factor for the effect of income
on happiness is not so much the absolute amount of income as it is the relative amount of
income when compared to the average levels of income within a country. Thus, argues
Easterlin, the gained happiness from a higher income is determined through a comparison
to the levels of income among other countrymen.
According to this theory, then, citizens of countries with relatively high wages need higher
incomes in order to increase their happiness and life satisfaction than citizens of countries
with relatively low wages.
Another theory for the satiation points occurrence at higher incomes in wealthy nations is
the so-called hedonic treadmill by Philip Brickman and Donald Campbell (Brickman, P.,
& Campbell, D. T., 1971). The hedonic treadmill suggests that people have a fixed level
of happiness that is based on expectations about life standards drawn from their respective
surroundings. As the life standards are higher in wealthier nations, it follows that the fixed
level of happiness is achieved with a higher income in these nations than it is in poor
nations; the satiation points occur at higher incomes in wealthy nations.

10

An alternative theory is presented by Ruut Veenhoven. In his article, titled “Is happiness
relative?”, Veenhoven criticises the evidence for the decisive role of relative income
presented by Easterlin (1974) as misleading, and argues for his interpretation of
Easterlin’s results instead (Veenhoven, R., 1991). The argued interpretation is that the
value of income for experienced happiness and life satisfaction grows smaller as income
grows higher.
According to this concept, then, satiation points occur at high incomes, but do not occur
at low incomes. Thus, wealthy countries with high incomes are more likely to indicate
satiation points than poor countries with low incomes.

11

3. Preceding studies
In this chapter, preceding studies about the relations between income and both happiness
and life satisfaction are presented along with studies about the limitation of the relations.
3.1 Studies about the positive relations between income and both happiness and life
satisfaction
In the article “Does Economic Growth Improve the Human Lot? Some Empirical
Evidence”, Richard A. Easterlin provides evidence for the positive relation between
income and both happiness and life satisfaction in different countries (Easterlin, R. A.,
1974). The evidence is derived from 30 surveys.
The surveys Easterlin observes in order to study the relation between income and
happiness make use of multiple-choice questions (with the options “Not very happy”,
“Fairly happy”, and “Very happy”). By distributing the answers by economic status,
Easterlin finds that in every case the answer “Not very happy” is, on average, chosen more
often in the groups with lower economic status than the groups with high economic status.
The surveys Easterlin observes in order to study the relation between income and life
satisfaction, in turn, make use of Cantril’s Self-Anchoring Striving scale (Cantril, H.,
1965). The Self-Anchoring Striving scale is a scale from 0 to 10 where 0 stands for the
interviewed person’s worst imaginable life scenario and 10, respectively, stands for the
best imaginable life scenario for this person. The idea of the scale is to employ the
interviewed person’s idea of a good and bad life in order to make the life evaluation
representative of individual and unbiased thought.
Having distributed the reported placements on the scale by economic status, Easterlin
finds that in every observed country, the average rates of life evaluation are higher among
the groups with high economic status than the groups with low economic status.
Although the applied statistical methods are simple, the quantitative aspects of each
survey showing that people with high economic status on the average either report to be
unhappy more seldom, or evaluate their lives higher than people with low economic status
12

still makes Easterlin’s findings convincing of the idea that there are positive relations
between income and both happiness and life evaluation.
Similarly, Betsey Stevenson and Justin Wolfers make use of simple multiple-choice
questions for both happiness (with the options “Not Too Happy”, “Fairly Happy”, and
“Very Happy”) and life satisfaction (with the options “Very dissatisfied”, “Somewhat
dissatisfied”, “Somewhat satisfied”, and “Very satisfied”) in their study about the relations
between income and happiness and life satisfaction in the United States (Stevenson, B., &
Wolfers, J., 2013).
However, instead of observing the economic status of people, like Richard A. Easterlin
(1974), Stevenson and Wolfers observe the distribution of reported emotions in 11
different categories for annual household income (ranging from <$10k to >$500k).
Again, although the statistical method is uncomplicated, the consistent positive change in
the percentage of people reporting the greatest alternatives for happiness and life
satisfaction when moving up and down the range of annual household income makes for
a steady piece of empirical evidence for the positive relation between income and both
happiness and life satisfaction.
3.2 Studies about the limited effect of income on happiness and life satisfaction
In addition to the observation of the distribution of happiness and life satisfaction among
different income groups, Betsey Stevenson and Justin Wolfers study the extent of the
positive relation between income and life satisfaction, measured with Cantril’s SelfAnchoring Striving scale, in 25 countries (Stevenson, B., & Wolfers, J., 2013).
To do this, Stevenson and Wolfers estimate the relations separately for each country by
means of so-called local linear regressions.
The resulting regression lines do not show signs of decline in any country. Instead, the
effect of a higher income on life satisfaction seems to be as large at the low incomes as it
is at the high incomes.
With these results, then, Stevenson and Wolfers present an apparent lack of empirical
support for the theory of a limited effect of income on life satisfaction.
13

Daniel Kahneman and Angus Deaton conduct slightly different research about the
relations between income and both life satisfaction and emotional well-being in the United
States (Kahneman, D., & Deaton, A., 2010).
By analyzing the results from a survey comprising answers from more than 450,000 US
residents, they find a stronger relation between income and life satisfaction, measured
with Cantril’s Self-Anchoring Striving scale, than between income and emotional wellbeing, measured with 3 different indicators.
The first measure for emotional well-being is labeled “positive affect”. Kahneman and
Deaton define this measure as the average of positive feelings, such as happiness or
enjoyment, felt during the previous day.
Similarly, “blue affect” is defined as negative feelings, such as worry and sadness, felt
during the day before. When illustrating this measure in a graph, however, Kahneman and
Deaton present the average fraction of population not feeling “blue” instead of the fraction
experiencing “blue affect”. They do this by subtracting the average fraction of population
feeling “blue” from 1, i.e. the entire population.
The third measure for emotional well-being is labeled “stress free”, and it is defined as the
absence of reported feeling of stress during the previous day.
The measure for income is the natural logarithm of annual household income. This
measure is not optimal due to the fact that a household income can represent the income
of a single person, a couple, or a family, meaning that the measure is not strictly
representative of the income of the person reporting the level of subjective happiness and
life satisfaction. Nonetheless, it is the applied measure.
In order to depict the relations between the measured emotions and income, then,
Kahneman and Deaton plot them by different income groups and percentages of the
observed population feeling them (see figure 3.1).

14

Figure 3.1 Results from Kahneman and Deaton, 2010

Figure 3.1 illustrates how the measure for life satisfaction, i.e. the line titled “Ladder”,
maintains a positive relation with the measure for annual household income throughout
the observed levels of income. Like the results presented by Stevenson and Wolfers
(2013), this maintaining of a positive relation suggests that the positive effect of a higher
income on life satisfaction does, in fact, not satiate.
Every measure for emotional well-being, on the other hand, cease to rise along with the
measure for annual household income once they reach a certain level of income.
Kahneman and Deaton estimate this level to be approximately $75,000, and conclude that
after this, in the United States, a higher income is still beneficial for the evaluation of life,
but ineffective for an increased experience of happiness, as well as for a lessening of
experienced unhappiness and stress.
Andrew T. Jebb et al. investigate whether or not this satiation is found in countries
worldwide (Jebb, A. T., et al., 2018). In order to do this, they use data with answers to
comparable questions as the ones included in the survey used by Kahneman and Deaton.
For example, the measure for life evaluation is, again, Cantril’s Self-Anchoring Striving
scale.
15

Likewise, the measures for emotional well-being are positive and negative feelings felt
during the previous day.
While the measure for income is essentially the same as the one used by Kahneman and
Deaton, i.e. the natural logarithm of household income measured in US dollars, Jebb et al.
aim to make the measure for income more representative for the interviewed person alone.
To achieve this, they apply a square root equivalency scale in which the income of a
household is divided by the square root of the number of people living in the household.
The data comprise observations from a total of 164 countries. With such comprehensive
data, Jebb et al. are able to divide the observations geographically so that they represent 9
regions, namely, Sub-Saharan Africa, Middle-East/North Africa, Northern America, Latin
America/the Caribbean, East Asia, Southeast Asia, Australia/New Zealand, Eastern
Europe/the Balkans, and Western Europe/Scandinavia.
Jebb et al. also make use of a different method than Kahneman and Deaton. Instead of
observing differences in feelings among separate income groups, they create continuous
regression curves by means of so-called cubic splines (cubic splines are explained in
chapter 5.).
Unlike the results provided by both Stevenson and Wolfers (2013) and Kahneman and
Deaton (2010), the results indicate satiation points for each measure of emotions, i.e. life
evaluation, positive affect, and negative affect.
Moreover, these results are found in every observed region except for Southeast Asia, for
which the estimated relations between income and both positive and negative affect were
not positive.
In addition to finding satiation points in almost every observed region, Jebb at al.
strengthen the statement made by Kahneman and Deaton about a stronger relation between
income and life evaluation than income and emotional well-being. This strengthening is
derived from the fact that in every observed region, apart from Southeast Asia, the income
at which the positive effect of a higher income on life evaluation is estimated to cease is
higher than the income at which the positive effect of a higher income on experienced
positive affect is estimated to cease. Furthermore, only two regions, namely Middle
16

East/North Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa, show estimated satiation points at higher
income levels for experienced negative affect than for life evaluation. In other words, the
results imply that a high income improves life evaluation to a longer extent than emotional
well-being.
The second key finding derived from the results is that the estimated satiation points occur
at higher incomes in wealthier regions. For example, the estimated satiation points for life
evaluation and positive affect are annual incomes of $105,000 and $65,000 in Northern
America, but $35,000 and $30,000 in Latin America/the Caribbean. Similarly, the
estimated satiation points for life evaluation and positive affect are annual incomes of
$100,000 and $50,000 in Western Europe/Scandinavia, but $40,000 and $35,000 in SubSaharan Africa.

17

4. Data
In this chapter, the utilized data and applied measures are presented. In addition, to
acknowledge the challenge of measuring happiness and life satisfaction, potential
measuring biases are explained.
4.1 Applied measures
The data utilized in this thesis were gathered by World Values Survey (Inglehart, R. et al.,
2014). More specifically, the observed answers are from survey wave 6, which was
initiated in 2010, and completed in 2014.
The data are chosen because they include separate measures for happiness and life
satisfaction. Moreover, the data consist of answers from many different countries, and so
enable a comparison of the relations between income and both happiness and life
satisfaction in relatively wealthy and poor nations.
In the questionnaire, happiness is measured with a multiple-choice question with the
options “Very happy”, “Rather happy”, “Not very happy”, and “Not at all happy”. Before
answering the question, the interviewed person is asked to evaluate a comprehensive
scheme of their life.
Instead of applying the original coding of the measure for happiness, in which “Very
happy” has the lowest ordinal value of 1 and the other alternatives rise sequentially to
“Not at all happy” with the highest ordinal value of 4, the codes are reversed so that “Very
happy” is given the highest ordinal value of 4 and the other alternatives fall sequentially
to “Not at all happy” with the lowest ordinal value of 1. Without this reversion of the
coding the correlation between happiness and income group would, rather illogically, be
negative.
In addition, the measure for happiness is converted to the natural logarithm of it. This
conversion is made in order to improve the statistical significance of the results, and to
make the interpretation of them more articulate; instead of describing change in categories
the natural logarithm enables a description of change in percentages. More specifically,
the interpretation of the estimated coefficient β is that a rise from one income group to a
18

higher one will produce an expected increase in the natural logarithm of the measure for
happiness of β units. In terms of happiness, then, the expected value of happiness is
multiplied by eβ (Benoit, K., 2011).
The measure for life satisfaction is, on the other hand, applied as it is, namely as a scale
ranging from 1 to 10, where 1 stands for completely dissatisfied and 10, respectively,
stands for completely satisfied. Before the placement on the scale, the interviewed person
is, again, asked to judge his or her life as a whole.
Both the measure for happiness and the measure for life satisfaction are dependent
variables in their respective models. The variable for happiness is named “Lnhappy” and
the variable for life satisfaction is named “Satisfied”.
Income, i.e. the independent variable, is also measured with a scale ranging from 1 to 10,
where 1 represents the lowest 10 the highest income group in the interviewed person’s
home country. Consequently, the scale is presumed to represent high incomes in wealthy
countries with e.g. relatively high wages, and, respectively, to represent low incomes in
poor countries with e.g. relatively low wages.
Furthermore, the answer is requested as a household income in which every source of
income is included. Once again, household income is not optimal for the examination of
the relation between income and happiness because it does not represent an individual
income. Therefore, the household income is divided by reported marital status so that
people who report to be single, widowed, separated, or divorced count as a single person
household, i.e. the household income divided by 1, whereas people who report to be either
married or living together as married count as a household of 2 people. In order to make
the reported income of the latter groups more representative of an individual income, then,
their household income is divided by 2.
In order to factor in variations in life circumstances along with presumable differences in
reference groups, i.e. other people to whom one compares one’s life, a set of controlvariables are included.
The applied control-variables are: “Age”, “Woman”, “Children”, “Married”, “Separated”,
and “Widow”.
19

The variable “Age” is the age of the interviewed person and it is measured in years.
The sex of the interviewed person is observed as a dummy-variable that is recoded from
the original values (2 for female and 1 for male) as 1 for female and 0 for male and, hence,
named “Woman”.
The variable “Children” is also a dummy-variable, and it is coded as 1 for people who
report to have children, and 0 for people who report to have no children.
Marital status is controlled for with the dummy-variables “Married” (coded as 1 for people
who report to be married or married and living together), “Separated” (coded as 1 for
people who report to be separated or divorced), and “Widow” (coded as 1 for people who
report to be widowed). The reference group, i.e. the group to which these dummyvariables are compared to, is people who report to be single. The effect of being single,
then, is described when all the dummy-variables for marital status are 0.
Also, in the original data, missing or inapplicable answers are coded as negative values
and so, in order to keep them from biasing the regressions, they have been recoded as
“missing values”.
4.2 Problems with measuring happiness and life satisfaction
It can be difficult to answer how happy or satisfied with one’s life one is. Moreover, the
judgement may be unreliable, i.e. not represent genuine emotion, because of various
biases.
One of these potential biases is the mood bias. In his book “Thinking, Fast and Slow”,
Daniel Kahneman explains that the mood bias means that an answer will be positively
biased if the respondent is in a good mood, and, respectively, that an answer will be
negatively biased if the respondent is in a bad mood (Kahneman, D., 2011).
In this case, then, the mood bias would cause respondents who are in a good mood to
answer that they are happier and more satisfied with their life than they actually are, and
vice versa.

20

Another bias is the expectation bias. In the article “Does economic growth improve the
human lot? Some empirical evidence.”, Richard A. Easterlin points out that answers to
questions regarding income and happiness may become biased by the expectations that
rich people are happy, and that poor people are, in turn, miserable (Easterlin, R. A., 1974).
Thus, rich people may answer that they are happier than they actually are because they are
supposed to be happy and vice versa.
With regard to the reliability of the results presented in this study, then, potential biases
of this kind necessitate the assumption that people have the ability to truthfully assess how
happy and satisfied with their lives they are.
4.3 Observed data
To create generic correlations, which enable the observation of the hypothesized qualities
of the relations at large, the entire dataset is utilised. The data comprise 60 countries (more
specific descriptive statistics are presented in appendix B.).
To produce more detailed correlations, in order to study the differences in the relations
amongst economically developed and undeveloped countries, a few wealthy and poor
countries are observed.
The observed wealthy countries are Sweden, Australia, and Japan, and the observed poor
countries are Zimbabwe, Nigeria, and Pakistan.
Although the countries are chosen mainly by economic prosperity, a deliberate geographic
variation is factored in the choices so as to avoid potentially biased results produced by
external factors that countries geographically close to each other may have in common.

21

The argued wealth and poverty of these countries is supported with their GDP/c for the
respective year of observation (databank.worldbank.org).

Table 4.1 makes the sizeable differences in economic prosperity between the wealthy and
poor countries clear, thus endorsing the asserted economic statuses.

22

5. Method
In this chapter, the method that is used for the creation of the econometric models, the
econometric models themselves, and the method that is used for the interpretation of the
results produced by the econometric models are presented.
5.1 Splines
Originally, splines are strips of wood used in construction (Wegman, E. J., & Wright, I.
W., 1983). They are used specifically to create curves through given points by means of
strategically placed weights.
In statistics, then, splines are defined as “piecewise polynomials of degree n whose
function values and first n – 1 derivatives agree at the points where they join” (Smith, P.
L., 1979, p. 57).
The advantage of dividing samples into pieces is that it enables the observation of changes
in the correlation. Since the objective of this thesis is to observe how the effect of income
on happiness and life satisfaction differs at different income levels, it is sensible to make
use of a spline model.
5.2 Cubic splines
The spline model applied in this study is a so-called cubic spline. A cubic spline is, in
accordance with the definition by Smith, a piecewise polynomial of degree 3 whose
function values and first derivatives of degree 2 match at the intersections (also known as
knots). The cubic spline model is used because it produces a curve that runs smoothly
through the knots and presents the correlation in a more legible and continuous manner
than, for example, a linear spline model.
The specific sort of cubic spline regression that is applied in this study is called a restricted
cubic spline.
The particular advantage of the use of a restricted cubic spline is that it creates an explicit
function that is linear before the first knot, a piecewise cubic polynomial between knots,
and again linear after the last knot (Harrell, F. E., 2001).
23

5.3 The creation of restricted cubic splines
Restricted cubic splines can be described to be created in 3 steps (Marrie, R. A. et al.,
2009).
First, the range of the independent variable X, in this case income group, is divided by n
number of knots.
The chosen number of applied knots depends on how well the models depict the
correlations with regard to continuity and statistical significance. Too few knots may, for
example, produce a curve that describes the relation in more simple trends than they
actually are. Too many knots may, on the other hand, produce a curve that includes
statistically insignificant splines, which, in spite of making the description of the relation
more specific, do not improve the description of the relation in any way.
Second, “for each of the k knots, create a new variable that is a third order polynomial in
X above that knot, and zero below it” (Marrie, R. A. et al., 2009, p. 513).
Third, the splines and the original linear variable are fitted together so that their function
values and first derivatives of degree 2 match at the knots. However, before the first knot
and, respectively, after the last knot, the function is restricted to be linear.
The outcome of the completion of these steps is a total number of variables (without
control variables) of n – 1 (the linear variable and n – 2 cubic variables).
5.4 The econometric models
With the generated spline variables, along with the control variables, the econometric
models are created.
The econometric model for the computation of the relation between income and happiness
is described as:

Lnhappyit = β0 + β1*Incomeit + β2*Spline1it + β3*Ageit + β4*Womanit +
β5*Childrenit + β6*Marriedit + β7*Separatedit + β8*Widowit + εit
24

The econometric model for the computation of the relation between income and life
satisfaction is described as:

Satisfiedit = β0 + β1*Incomeit + β2*Spline1it + β3*Ageit + β4*Womanit +
β5*Childrenit + β6*Marriedit + β7*Separatedit + β8*Widowit + εit

In the models, the letter “ε” stands for the error term, i.e. the disparity between expected
values and actual values.
Furthermore, the spline term “Income” is equal to the original linear variable for income,
i.e. income group, whereas the cubic spline term “Spline1” is a function of the original
variable for income, the number of knots, and the spacing between knots (Orsini, N., &
Greenland, S., 2011). The mathematics of the cubic spline term is presented in appendix
A.
The number of knots applied in these models is 3, thus giving rise to 1 cubic spline term,
and they are placed at the income groups with the ordinal values of 3, 5 and 7.
5.5 Plotting the results
The results from the restricted cubic spline regressions are the calculated coefficients for
the respective variables in the models.
As such, however, the results are not particularly articulate with regard to a localisation
of potential satiation points in the relations.
Therefore, estimations of the relations are plotted from the results by means of a so-called
xblc-command.
According to Orsini and Greenland, “xblc computes point and interval estimates for
predictions or differences in predictions of the response variable evaluated at different

25

values of a quantitative covariate modeled using one or more transformations of the
original variable” (Orsini, N., & Greenland, S., 2011, p. 5).
With these estimations, then, the potential flattening of the relations can be visualised.

26

6. Results
In this chapter, the results of the econometric models are presented and interpreted. The
results for every observed country together are presented first, followed by the results for
the wealthy and poor countries.
6.1 Results for every observed country together
Table 6.1 shows the results of both econometric models for every observed country
together.

27

Apart from the estimated coefficient for the dummy-variable “Widow” in the model with
happiness as the dependent variable, the coefficients are statistically significant, in this
case meaning that they have p-values of less than 0.1.
In fact, apart from the estimated coefficient for the dummy-variable “Children” in the
model with life satisfaction as the dependent variable, the coefficients have p-values of
less than 0.01.
For the variables with these coefficients, then, there is considerable statistical support for
the rejection of their respective null hypotheses, i.e. that there are no relations between
them and happiness or life satisfaction (Goodman, S., 2008).
Both coefficients for the dummy-variable “Children” are, nonetheless, statistically
significant and positive, indicating that having children improves both happiness and life
satisfaction. A potential explanation to this is that people have biological predispositions,
i.e. evolved preferences, for children (Morgan, S. P., & King, R. B., 2001).
Furthermore, the interpretation of the coefficients for the model with happiness as the
dependent variable is, as described by Benoit (2011), that the expected value of happiness
is multiplied by eβ.
For example, the estimated effect of being married is a factor of e0.0243, which amounts to
approximately 1.0246. In other words, being married is estimated to increase the level of
happiness with approximately 2.46 percent compared to being single.
In fact, Benoit (2011) explains that in a model where the dependent variable is given as
its natural logarithm, the percentual effect of coefficients near zero may be roughly
interpreted as the coefficient multiplied with 100.
Thus, the results for the model with happiness as the dependent variable may be read as
approximate effects in percentages. For example, being separated has the estimated
coefficient of -0.0188, offering an approximated effect of -1.88 percent in the level of
happiness. Compared to the calculated effect, i.e. e-0.0188, which amounts to a factor of
0.981…, corresponding to a percentual change of -1.862…, the approximation, and so the
method for interpretation, may be deemed as fairly accurate.
28

The interpretation of the coefficients for the model with life satisfaction as the dependent
variable, in turn, is that the coefficients are added as they are to the expected value of life
satisfaction.
For example, the expected value of life satisfaction for a widow is -0.446 lower than that
of a single person (on the scale from 1 to 10).
Unlike the coefficients of the control-variables, the coefficients of income cannot be
interpreted as direct effects. Instead, the effects of income are derived from the plotted
estimations of their cubic spline regressions (abbreviated as “CSR” in the graphs).
In the graphs, the estimated values for the dependent variables are depicted as dots which
correspond to their respective income group. The vertical lines running through these dots
represent confidence intervals with confidence levels of 95 percent, meaning that the
probability of the true value of the dependent variables being included in the intervals is
95 percent (Dekking, F. M., et al., 2005).
Graph 6.1 shows the plotted result for happiness in every observed country together.

The interpretation of the graph, and the other graphs with happiness as the dependent
variable, is that the development of the relation between happiness and the income groups
is percentual.
29

Thus, the y-axis is a scale from 1 to 1.1, where 1 stands for the lowest income group and
a point of reference, whereas 1.1 stands for a happiness level that is 10 percent higher than
that point.
The pattern in graph 6.1, then, may be viewed as a fairly linear percentual change reaching
a happiness level that is approximately 8 percent higher at the highest income group than
it is at the lowest income group.
Graph 6.2 shows the plotted result for life satisfaction in every observed country together.

Unlike the graphs with happiness as the dependent variable, the graphs with life
satisfaction as the dependent variable are not interpreted as patterns which depict
percentual changes. Instead, the y-axis stands for life satisfaction as it is originally
measured, i.e. a scale from 1 to 10.
Looking at graph 6.2, then, the estimations for the 3 highest income groups may not be
deemed as very accurate, because they exceed the interval of measurement.
Even so, the pattern as a whole may be viewed as strictly positive, i.e. lacking signs of
flattening.
In addition to the plots, the interpretation of the results is furthered with an assessment of
the adjusted coefficients of determination, or adjusted R2. The coefficient of determination
30

describes the percentage of variation in the dependent variable that can be predicted from
the variation in the independent variables, and the adjusted coefficient of determination
factors in the number of independent variables, so as to account for the tendency of the
coefficient of determination to increase merely because of added independent variables
(Theil, H., 1961).
Thus, the results indicate that 1.5 percent of the variation in the measure of happiness can
be predicted from the variation in the independent variables with the number of variables
factored in, whereas the corresponding percentage for the measure of life satisfaction is
7.4.
6.2 Results for the wealthy countries
Table 6.2 shows the results for happiness in Sweden, Australia, and Japan.

31

Among the control-variables, statistical significance is rather scarce. Indeed, the
coefficients of the control-variables “Children” “Separated”, and “Widow” lack statistical
significance altogether.
The remaining control-variables with statistical support for the rejection of their respective
null-hypothesis are “Age”, “Woman”, and “Married”, with the exception of “Age” for
Australia.
For Sweden and Japan, age is expected to have a negative effect on happiness; people are
expected to grow unhappier with time. A potential reason for this is the decline in vitality
that comes with time (Veenhoven, R., 2013).
Being married, in turn, is expected to have a positive effect on happiness. In fact, the
expected increase in happiness is approximately 6 percent compared to being single in
both Sweden and Japan. This may, to some extent, be attributed to the social support, e.g.
reassurance of one’s value as an individual, that a spouse can provide (Cobb, S., 1976).
Conversely, the lack of this support may explain unhappiness among single, separated,
and widowed people.
Moreover, being a woman is expected to have a positive effect on happiness. In Sweden
and Australia, the expected increase in happiness is approximately 2 percent compared to
men, whereas the corresponding percentage in Japan is approximately 1. A suggested
explanation to this is that “women are more “optimistic” than men and tend to value in a
more positive way the objective characteristics of their lives” (Arrosa, M. L., &
Gandelman, N., 2016, p. 2).
Furthermore, the coefficients of the most relevant variable “Income” are statistically
significant, and a rise from an income group to a higher one is expected to have a positive
effect on happiness. However, the lack of statistical significance among the cubic terms
makes the expected non-linear developments of the relations between income and
happiness uncertain.
Even so, the plotted results are presented, as the patterns of the relations cannot be derived
from the table.

32

Graph 6.3 shows the plotted result for Sweden.

Graph 6.4 shows the plotted result for Australia.

Graph 6.5 shows the plotted result for Japan.

33

The estimated patterns for Japan and Australia indicate a strictly positive relation, whereas
the estimated pattern for Sweden indicates a decline in the positive relation.
However, due to the statistical insignificance of the coefficients with which the patterns
are created, these indications are unreliable. The uncertainty is also illustrated by the
lengthy confidence intervals.
Thus, the outcome from which conclusions about the strength of the relation between
income and happiness are drawn is shifted to the adjusted coefficients of determination.
The adjusted coefficient of determination for Sweden suggests that 3.4 percent of the
variation in the measure for happiness can be predicted from the variation in the
independent variables. For Australia and Japan, the respective percentages are 2.1 and 3.2.
Table 6.3 shows the results for life satisfaction in Sweden, Australia, and Japan.

34

Again, the control-variables with the most statistically significant coefficients are “Age”,
“Woman”, and “Married”.
However, unlike the estimated effect of age for happiness, the estimated effect of age for
life satisfaction is positive. This may, to some extent, be explained by the tendency of
personal wealth to be accumulated with time, and, hence, to seldom be abundant at early
stages of life.
Regarding the other control-variables, the reoccurring statistical insignificance of their
respective coefficients does not necessarily mean that they have no relation to happiness
and life satisfaction. In fact, that would be controversial with the results for every observed
country together. Instead, the lack of statistical significance may be caused by a poor
representation of separated and widowed people in the samples (see appendix B.).

35

Nevertheless, both the most relevant variable “Income” and the cubic term “Spline1”
show statistically significant coefficients for each country. Thus, unlike the previous plots,
the plotted results gain credibility.
Graph 6.6 shows the plotted result for Sweden.

Graph 6.7 shows the plotted results for Australia.

Graph 6.8 shows the plotted result for Japan.

36

The patterns illustrate a diminishing of the positive effect of income around the 6th income
group. In fact, there is no considerable increase in the estimated life satisfaction after this
point. For example, the pattern for Sweden stays at an approximate life satisfaction value
of 4 after the 6th income group, whereas the corresponding estimation for Japan is between
the values 3 and 4.
However, the main interest does not lie in the values of life satisfaction at which income
is predicted to lose its effect, but in the fact that income is predicted to lose its effect.
The adjusted coefficients of determination, described as percentages, are 9.3 for Sweden,
11.3 for Australia, and 10.2 for Japan.
6.3 Results for the poor countries
Table 6.4 shows the results for happiness in Zimbabwe, Nigeria, and Pakistan.

37

Among the control-variables, statistical significance is almost nowhere to be found,
indicating that age, sex, and marital status are irrelevant for experienced happiness. Again,
this is controversial to the results for each observed country together, and a more complex
measure for happiness would presumably fix the statistical shortcoming.
Nevertheless, income does not seem to be irrelevant to experienced happiness, as the
variable “Income” shows coefficients with p-values that denote statistical significance.
The rise from one income group to a higher one is expected to increase happiness with
approximately 1.5 percent in Nigeria and Pakistan, and approximately 1.4 percent in
Zimbabwe.
However, the cubic terms are, once again, too uncertain for credible conclusions.
Still, the plotted results are presented, as the table does not convey the development of the
relation between income and the measure for happiness.

38

Graph 6.9 shows the plotted result for Zimbabwe.

Graph 6.10 shows the plotted result for Nigeria.

Graph 6.11 shows the plotted result for Pakistan.

39

The plots show strictly positive patterns for Zimbabwe and Pakistan, whereas a slight
decrease in the positive pattern appears in the plot for Nigeria. The estimated increase in
happiness at the highest income groups are about 10 percent for Zimbabwe, and almost
15 percent for Pakistan, but less than 10 percent for Nigeria. Moreover, the estimated
value of happiness at the highest income group does not differ substantially from the 6th
income group in the plotted result for Nigeria. However, these observations are too
uncertain to draw conclusions from.
Thus, the comparison of the strengths of the relations between income and happiness, and
income and life satisfaction is focused to the adjusted coefficients of determination.
The adjusted coefficients of determination, described as percentages, are 3.1 for
Zimbabwe, 1.5 for Nigeria, and 3.2 for Pakistan.

Table 6.5 shows the results for life satisfaction in Zimbabwe, Nigeria, and Pakistan.

40

Unlike the results for life satisfaction in the wealthy countries, the effect of age lacks
statistical significance. This may partly be explained by a meagre development in personal
assets over time compared to wealthy countries.
Among the other control-variables, statistical significance is rather scattered.
For example, the variable “Married” continues its role as a significant positive element
for life satisfaction, but Pakistan makes for an exception from that significance.
Likewise, the sex of a person appears to be irrelevant for life satisfaction in Nigeria, but
not in Zimbabwe and Pakistan. However, the effect of being a woman is positive for
Zimbabwe, but negative for Pakistan. The negative result for Pakistan is conceivable
because of dehumanizing attitudes, e.g. the acceptance of violence, that Pakistani women
face (Niaz, U., 2004).
The variable “Income” and the cubic term “Spline1” have statistically significant
coefficients, and so they may be used for the creation of credible plots.

41

Graph 6.12 shows the plotted result for Zimbabwe.

Graph 6.13 shows the plotted result for Nigeria.

Graph 3.14 shows the plotted result for Pakistan

42

Like the plotted result of life satisfaction for every observed country together, the
estimated values exceed the original interval on which life satisfaction is measured, i.e.
the scale from 1 to 10. With regard to accuracy, this is unsatisfactory.
Thus, rather than focusing on what the plotted patterns do show, focus is put on what the
plotted patterns do not show: none of the patterns show signs of flattening that would
indicate a diminishing of the positive effect of income in the way that the patterns for the
wealthy countries do.
The adjusted coefficients of determination, described as percentages, are 16.0 for
Zimbabwe, 13.3 for Nigeria, and 11.2 for Pakistan.

43

7. Conclusions
In this chapter, the conclusions about the hypotheses and theories are presented along with
the implications they carry with regard to the suggested purposes of the research.
7.1 Conclusions about the hypotheses
Hypothesis 1: there are positive relations between income and both happiness and life
satisfaction.
All results, i.e. the results for every observed country together and the results for the
observed wealthy and poor countries, show statistically significant positive correlations
between income and both happiness and life satisfaction.
This is convincing empirical evidence for hypothesis 1, and there is no disagreement with
preceding studies.
Hypothesis 2: the relation between income and happiness is weaker than the relation
between income and life satisfaction.
Instead of the plotted results of every observed country together, which do not show signs
of flattening, or the results for the observed wealthy and poor countries, which cubic terms
for the models with happiness as the dependent variable lack statistical significance, the
empirical evidence for hypothesis 2 is derived from the adjusted coefficients of
determination. Although the method of comparison is different from preceding studies,
namely Kahneman and Deaton (2010) and Jebb et al. (2018), the conclusion is the same.
All results show considerably lower adjusted coefficients of determination for the models
with happiness as the dependent variable than the models with life satisfaction as the
dependent variable. This means that the variation in income and the control-variables can
explain the variation in life satisfaction to a greater extent than the variation in happiness,
and that income is, in this aspect, more strongly related to life satisfaction than happiness.
Of course, the measure for happiness is simpler than that of life satisfaction; it is more
difficult to predict variation with variation when there is less of it.

44

Still, the statistical significance of the relations between income and the measure for
happiness renders the adjusted coefficients of determination relevant.
Hypothesis 3: the positive relations between income and both happiness and life
satisfaction cease after certain limits.
Regarding happiness, it cannot be maintained that income has a limited positive effect on
it. This is because the coefficients for the cubic terms lack statistical significance in the
results for the observed wealthy and poor countries, and because the plotted result for
every observed country together does not show a flattening pattern.
Life satisfaction, however, can partly be argued to have a limited relation with income.
The assertion is partial because only the plotted results for the observed wealthy countries
show flattening patterns.
This differs from the results presented by Kahneman and Deaton (2010) in that the effects
of income on life satisfaction are estimated to satiate.
Hypothesis 4: in wealthy countries, the limits after which a higher income no longer
contributes to experienced happiness and life satisfaction occur at higher income levels
than the limits in poor countries.
As no results indicate credible limits for the effect of income on happiness, hypothesis 4
can only be considered with regard to life satisfaction.
The plotted results for the observed wealthy countries do suggest limits after which a
higher income no longer contributes to experienced life satisfaction.
The plotted results for the observed poor countries, in turn, do not show signs of such
limits.
The implication of these results, then, is that the income levels in the poor countries are
not high enough to give rise to a satiation of experienced life satisfaction, whereas the
income levels in wealthy countries are able to do so.
This differs from the results presented by Jebb et al. (2018) in that satiation points are only
found in wealthy countries.
45

7.2 Conclusions about the theories
The positive effects of income on both happiness and life satisfaction do not only support
hypothesis 1, but also the theories that advocate it.
The supported theories, then, are the microeconomic axiom of non-satiation, and
Thorstein Veblen’s (1899) theory of happiness through a higher status gained from a
higher income.
The microeconomic axiom of non-satiation is, however, only supported for the part that a
higher consumption makes people more content, and the suggested endlessness of this
relation is not supported.
The sizeable difference in the adjusted coefficients of determination between the results
for happiness and the results for life satisfaction, in turn, provide further support for Daniel
Kahneman’s and Angus Deaton’s (2010) explanation of a stronger relation between
income and life satisfaction than income and happiness. The supported explanation, then,
is that income is more relevant for the reasoned assessment of life than it is for the
assessment of happiness, which is more susceptible to emotion.
Furthermore, the diminishing of the positive relations between income and life satisfaction
in the wealthy countries provide reason to believe in theories of a limited effect of income
on life satisfaction. Thus, the endless aspect of the theory of contentment through a higher
consumption is not only unsupported but argued against. The supported theory, in turn, is
the decreasing relevance of income described with Maslow’s (1943) hierarchy of needs;
income is more valuable for the prepotent needs of food and safety than it is for esteem,
love, and self-actualization.
The lack of flattening patterns among the poor countries does not, however, mean that
Maslow’s hierarchy of needs is an irrelevant concept in poor countries. Instead, it may
reflect that, compared to wealthy countries, the lower needs, i.e. physiological and safety
needs, are more prominent in poor countries in the sense that the highest incomes are still
largely used to pay for food and accommodation.
46

Furthermore, the lack of flattening patterns among the poor countries means that the
theories of relative income being the decisive element for the assessment of life
satisfaction are not supported. For Richard Easterlin’s (1974) theory of an assessment of
the adequacy of income through comparison to other countrymen, or the “hedonic
treadmill” to be supported, the patterns of life satisfaction over the range of income groups
should be flattening in the same manner as the corresponding patterns in the wealthy
countries in spite of the lower incomes that the income groups of the poor countries are
presumed to represent.
Instead of these theories, which are argued for by Jebb et al. (2018), the results support
Ruut Veenhoven’s (1991) theory of the positive effect of income on life satisfaction
growing smaller as income grows higher.
The relation between income and life satisfaction corresponding to this support, then, may
be described as positively diminishing: the higher the income, the lower the positive effect
on life satisfaction.

7.3 Conclusions about the purposes of the research
The purposes of the research regard the limitedness of the positive effect of income on
happiness and life satisfaction. Thus, conclusions can only be made with regard to life
satisfaction.
The suggested purposes are governmental, work-related, and individual.
From a governmental perspective, a redistribution of income from the rich to the poor may
be argued to improve the overall level of life satisfaction among citizens. According to
John Rawls (1971), a redistribution of this kind would lessen the inequality of
opportunities that e.g. inborn talents and family wealth give rise to.
From a work-related perspective, a higher compensation may be argued to become
inefficient for the improvement of life satisfaction, and so lose its value as motivation.
The superior sources of satisfaction, as advocated by Frederick Herzberg (1959), include
e.g. recognition, advancement, and responsibility.
47

From an individual perspective, the striving for an ever-higher income may be argued to
be in vain with regard to an expected mutual return in life satisfaction. Instead of
moneymaking, then, Aristotle argues that the good life is achieved with moral virtues such
as courage, justice, and temperance (Brown, L., 2009).
The relevance of these perspectives, however, is evidently tied to high incomes, and,
consequently, to wealthy countries.
In poor countries with low incomes, in turn, these perspectives are not so much relevant
concerns, as they are economic problems to strive towards.

48

Summary in Swedish
Det första syftet med min avhandling är att undersöka inom vilka gränser ökade inkomster
ökar känslan av lycka och välbefinnande, och var gränsen är uppnådd så att bättre ekonomi
inte längre gör människan mer belåten med livet.
Det andra syftet är att jämföra dessa ramar i rika och fattiga länder.
Relevansen av att undersöka inkomstens effekt på lycka och belåtenhet med livet är bland
annat att hjälpa människor som strävar efter ett lyckligt liv att förstå att rikedomar inte
garanterar lycka, och att ett strävande efter en hög inkomst kan vara en värdelös väg som
inte leder till ett liv av belåtenhet.
Det är inte frågan om någon alldeles ny undersökning, utan tidigare studier har behandlat
ämnet.
Andrew T. Jebb med flera undersöker till exempel mättnadspunkter för sambanden mellan
inkomst och både lycka och emotionellt välmående i olika regioner, och finner att båda
sambanden är begränsade, men att sambanden slutar stiga vid högre inkomster i relativt
rika regioner (Jebb, A., T., 2018).
För att utveckla slutsatser som dragits i tidigare studier skapar jag en mer detaljerad
jämförelse av sambanden genom att jämföra länder i stället för regioner.
Min undersökning är empirisk, och går ut på att söka statistiskt stöd för fyra hypoteser.
Hypotes 1: det finns positiva samband mellan inkomst och både lycka och belåtenhet med
livet.
Hypotes 1 får teoretiskt stöd bland annat av det mikroekonomiska axiomet om ickesatiation som hävdar att en varukorg x´ kommer att prefereras över x´´ om x´ innehåller
mer av åtminstone en vara och inte mindre av någon annan, det vill säga om x´>x´´
(Gravelle, H., & Rees, R., 2004, s. 13).
Hypotes 2: sambandet mellan inkomst och lycka är svagare än sambandet mellan inkomst
och belåtenhet med livet.

49

Jag hittar både empiriskt och teoretiskt stöd för hypotes 2 hos Daniel Kahneman och
Angus Deaton som undersöker sambanden i USA, och finner att den positiva effekten av
en högre inkomst slutar öka fortare, det vill säga vid lägre inkomster, för emotionellt
välmående, inklusive lycka, än för belåtenhet med livet (Kahneman, D., Deaton, A.,
2010). Som en förklaring på detta föreslår Kahneman och Deaton att i och med att inkomst
är starkare kopplat till ett rationellt bedömande än lycka, som i en större utsträckning beror
på upplevda känslor, har inkomst också en större inverkan på bedömningen av livet än
upplevd lycka.
Hypotes 3: de positiva sambanden mellan inkomst och både lycka och belåtenhet med
livet upphör efter vissa gränser.
Begränsningen av den positiva effekten av en högre inkomst kan delvis förklaras med
hjälp av Abraham H. Maslows behovshierarki (Maslow, A. H., 1943). Förklaringen går ut
på att en större inkomst inverkar positivt på både lycka och belåtenhet med livet, men att
den har en avgörande roll endast för de två mest primära behoven i Maslows
behovshierarki, det vill säga trygghet och fysiologiska behov.
Hypotes 4: i rika länder uppnås gränserna efter vilka en högre inkomst inte längre bidrar
till lycka och belåtenhet med livet vid högre inkomstnivåer än i fattiga länder.
En teori bakom hypotes 4 är Richard A. Easterlins teori om relativ inkomst (Easterlin, R.
A., 1974). Teorin går ut på att människor bedömer hur belåtna de är genom att jämföra sig
med sina landsmän. I och med att en högre levnadsstandard ger upphov till en rikare
referensgrupp krävs det mer pengar för att uppleva belåtenhet.
I min undersökning tillämpar jag data från World Values Survey, och mer specifikt
används våg 6 som är skapad mellan år 2010 och 2014 (Inglehart, R., 2014).
Först studerar jag hela datamaterialet, och sedan separat några rika och fattiga länder.
Som beroende variabler används ett mått för lycka (med en skala från 1 till 4) och ett mått
för belåtenhet med livet (med en skala från 1 till 10).
Den oberoende variabeln har formen av 10 inkomstgrupper som representerar
inkomstgrupper i den intervjuade personens hemland.
50

Som kontrollvariabler används ålder, kön, och olika civilstånd som jämförs med att vara
singel.
Jag använder en så kallad spline-funktion (cubic spline regression). Jag använder metoden
eftersom den möjliggör en fördelning av regressionerna vid olika ordinala värden på den
oberoende variabeln, det vill säga inkomstgrupperna. Utvecklingen av lycka och
belåtenhet med livet i olika inkomstgrupper kan således observeras. Observationen sker
genom estimerade mönster som skapas med hjälp av ett så kallat xblc-kommando.
Mönstren visar alltså ett platt samband om den positiva effekten av en högre inkomst
upphör.
Resultaten för modellerna med belåtenhet med livet som beroende variabel blir statistiskt
signifikanta med avseende på inkomstvariablerna, och de estimerade mönstren kan
användas. Resultaten för de kubiska termerna i modellerna med lycka som beroende
variabel saknar däremot statistisk signifikans, och mönstren saknar därmed trovärdighet.
Hypotes 1 får ändå empiriskt stöd genom att samtliga resultat visar statistiskt signifikanta
positiva samband mellan inkomst och både lycka och belåtenhet med livet.
Hypotes 2 får i sin tur empiriskt stöd genom att resultaten för modellerna med lycka som
beroende variabel visar betydligt mindre förklaringsgrader än vad som är fallet med
resultaten för modellerna med belåtenhet med livet som beroende variabel.
Hypotes 3 får endast empiriskt stöd gällande sambandet mellan inkomst och belåtenhet
med livet. Stödet utgörs av resultaten för de observerade rika länderna, som visar
estimerade mönster där det positiva sambandet slutar öka och blir platt.
Hypotes 4 får liksom hypotes 3 endast stöd gällande sambandet mellan inkomst och
belåtenhet med livet. Stödet utgörs av att resultaten för de observerade rika länderna visar
estimerade mönster där det positiva sambandet slutar öka, medan de estimerade mönstren
för de observerade fattiga länderna inte visar tecken att det positiva sambandet upphör.
Gällande inkomst och lycka kan jag av min undersökning dra slutsatsen att det finns ett
positivt samband mellan dessa.

51

Till slutsatserna gällande relationen mellan inkomst och belåtenhet med livet hör också
att sambandet är positivt, men därtill att det är starkare än sambandet mellan lycka och
inkomst i den bemärkelsen att inkomst kan förklara en större andel av variationen i
variabeln för belåtenhet med livet än variationen i variabeln för lycka.
I och med att den positiva effekten först avtar vid absolut sett höga inkomster, det vill säga
sett till inkomster i rika länder, medan de låga inkomsterna i de fattiga länderna inte ger
upphov till en mättnad när det gäller belåtenhet med livet, tyder inte heller resultaten på
att den relativa inkomsten skulle spela någon avgörande roll, utan på en positivt avtagande
effekt där den absoluta storleken på inkomsten är avgörande.
Till skillnad från tidigare studier argumenterar jag alltså för att det inte finns några
mättnadspunkter för sambandet mellan inkomst och belåtenhet med livet i fattiga länder,
och för att det positivt avtagande sambandet mellan inkomst och belåtenhet med livet kan
förklaras med teori om mänskliga behov.

52

References
Arrosa, M. L., & Gandelman, N. (2016). Happiness decomposition: Female
optimism. Journal of Happiness Studies, 17(2), 731-756.
Benoit, K. (2011). Linear regression models with logarithmic transformations. London
School of Economics, London, 22(1), 23-36.

Brickman, P., & Campbell, D. T. (1971). Hedonic relativism and planning the good
society.

Brown, L. (Ed.). (2009). The nicomachean ethics. Oxford University Press.
Cantril, H. (1965). Pattern of human concerns.
Cobb, S. (1976). Social support as a moderator of life stress. Psychosomatic medicine.
Databank.worldbank.org
https://databank.worldbank.org/source/world-development-indicators, utilized 20.4.2020
Dekking, F. M., Kraaikamp, C., Lopuhaä, H. P., & Meester, L. E. (2005). A Modern
Introduction to Probability and Statistics: Understanding why and how. Springer Science
& Business Media.
Easterlin, R. A. (1974). Does economic growth improve the human lot? Some empirical
evidence. In Nations and households in economic growth (pp. 89-125). Academic Press.
Goodman, S. (2008). A dirty dozen: twelve p-value misconceptions. In Seminars in
hematology (Vol. 45, No. 3, p. 135-140). WB Saunders.
Gravelle, H., & Rees, R. (2004). Microeconomics 3rd ed. Essex, UK.

Harrell, F. E., Jr. 2001. Regression Modeling Strategies: With Applications to Linear
Models, Logistic Regression, and Survival Analysis. New York: Springer.
Hartmann, G. W. (1934). Personality traits associated with variations in happiness. The
Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology, 29(2), 202.
Herzberg, F. M., & Mausner, B. (1959). B. & Snyderman, B. (1959). The motivation to
work, 2, 49-58.
Huber, P. J. (1967, June). The behavior of maximum likelihood estimates under
nonstandard conditions. In Proceedings of the fifth Berkeley symposium on mathematical
statistics and probability (Vol. 1, No. 1, pp. 221-233).
Inglehart, R., C. Haerpfer, A. Moreno, C. Welzel, K. Kizilova, J. Diez-Medrano, M.
Lagos, P. Norris, E. Ponarin & B. Puranen et al. (eds.). 2014. World Values Survey: Round
Six: www.worldvaluessurvey.org/WVSDocumentationWV6.jsp.
Jebb, A. T., Tay, L., Diener, E., & Oishi, S. (2018). Happiness, income satiation and
turning points around the world. Nature Human Behaviour, 2(1), 33.
Kahneman, D. (2011). Thinking, Fast and Slow. Farrar, Straus and Giroux.

Kahneman, D., & Deaton, A. (2010). High income improves evaluation of life but not
emotional well-being. Proceedings of the national academy of sciences, 107(38), 1648916493.
Kahneman, D., & Thaler, R. H. (2006). Anomalies: Utility maximization and experienced
utility. Journal of economic perspectives, 20(1), 221-234.
Mackenbach, J. P., Stirbu, I., Roskam, A. J. R., Schaap, M. M., Menvielle, G., Leinsalu,
M., & Kunst, A. E. (2008). Socioeconomic inequalities in health in 22 European
countries. New England journal of medicine, 358(23), 2468-2481.
Marrie, R. A., Dawson, N. V., & Garland, A. (2009). Quantile regression and restricted
cubic splines are useful for exploring relationships between continuous variables. Journal
of clinical epidemiology, 62(5), 511-517.

Maslow, A. H. (1943). A theory of human motivation. Psychological review, 50(4), 370.
Morgan, S. P., & King, R. B. (2001). Why have children in the 21st century? Biological
predisposition, social coercion, rational choice. European Journal of Population/Revue
européenne de démographie, 17(1), 3-20.
Niaz, U. (2004). Women's mental health in Pakistan. World psychiatry, 3(1), 60.
Orsini, N., & Greenland, S. (2011). A procedure to tabulate and plot results after flexible
modeling of a quantitative covariate. The stata journal, 11(1), 1-29.
Rawls, J. (1971). A theory of justice.
Smith, P. L. (1979). Splines as a useful and convenient statistical tool. The American
Statistician, 33(2), 57-62.
Stevenson, B., & Wolfers, J. (2013). Subjective well-being and income: Is there any
evidence of satiation?. American Economic Review, 103(3), 598-604.
Theil, H. (1961). Economic forecasts and policy.
Veblen, T. (1899). 1994. The theory of the leisure class.
Veenhoven, R. (2013). Conditions of happiness. Springer Science & Business Media.
Veenhoven, R. (1991). Is happiness relative?. Social indicators research, 24(1), 1-34.
Wegman, E. J., & Wright, I. W. (1983). Splines in statistics. Journal of the American
Statistical Association, 78(382), 351-365.

Appendix
Appendix A. A general restricted cubic spline model
A general restricted cubic spline model may be written as:
g(X) = b0 + b1X1 + b2X2 + … + bn−1Xn−1
In the model, X1 is equivalent to the original variable X, whereas the subsequent spline
terms are functions of the original variable X, the number of knots, and the spacing
between the knots.
The functions may be defined as:
ui = max(X − ki, 0)3 with i = 1,...,n
Xi = {ui−1 − un−1(kn − ki−1)/(kn − kn−1) + un(kn−1 − ki−1)/(kn − kn−1)}/(kn − k1)2
with i = 2,...,n − 1
(Orsini, N., & Greenland, S., 2011, p. 3).

Appendix B. Descriptive statistics
The descriptive statistics include the number of observations (Obs), the arithmetic mean
(Mean), the standard deviation (Std. Dev.), and the lowest (Min) and highest (Max)
observed value.
Differences in the number of observations are due to varying numbers of missing or
inapplicable values.
The argued poorness of the representation of the control-variables “Separated” and
“Widow” is demonstrated by the low arithmetic means of these variables.

Every observed country together

Sweden

Australia

Japan

Zimbabwe

Nigeria

Pakistan

Appendix C. Robust results
In order to ensure that the coefficients of the independent variable “Income” are robust
with regard to the dependent variables “Lnhappy” and “Satisfied”, robust estimates of
variance are calculated.
A robust estimate of variance provides standard errors that are robust to an unidentical
distribution of the error term and the independent variable. Thus, the error term and
independent variable do not need to be assumed to be identically distributed in order to
hold the coefficients valid (Huber, P. J., 1967).
The results are presented with the unadjusted coefficient of determination, as the tendency
of the coefficient of determination to increase automatically when control-variables are
added does not need to be accounted for.
Every observed country together

The wealthy countries

The poor countries

Apart from the results for happiness in the wealthy countries, and life satisfaction in
Sweden, the robust results provide further support for the positive relations between
income and both happiness and life satisfaction.
The sizeable differences in the coefficients of determination between the robust results for
happiness and life satisfaction, in turn, endorse the assertion of income having a stronger
influence on life satisfaction than on happiness.

