MASTER´S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Yulia Dergacheva

ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL HUMAN RIGHTS OF SEX WORKERS IN
INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS LAW AND RESTRICTIVE LEGISLATION ON
SEX WORK

Master´s Thesis
in International Human Rights Law
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi 2020

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS

ABSTRACT
Subject: International Human Rights Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International
Human Rights Law
Author: Yulia Dergacheva
Title of the Thesis: Economic and Social Human Rights of Sex Workers in International
Human Rights Law and Restrictive Legislation on Sex Work
Supervisor: Catarina Krause

Abstract: The present research will examine how sex work is regulated in
international human rights treaties. Approaching the question whether any international
norms specifically restrict sex work as a form of labour, the research thus explores the scope
and content of sex workers’ socio-economic rights in international human rights
framework, identifying the existing instruments of protection of the rights of sex workers
under international law. Further, this research sought to determine if consensual sex work
sex work falls into the scope of the right to work in international human rights law, and
which conditions should exist to bring sex work into compliance with international human
rights law. With regards to restrictive models of regulation of sex work on the national
legislation of Russia and Sweden, it is argued that restrictive models of regulation of sex
work conflicts with obligations of the States under relevant international treaties in the field
of economic and social rights. Sex workers should be protected and benefit from
international instruments just as any other category of workers. From the analysis of
domestic law in Russia and Sweden, it can be seen, that the criminalisation model and the
partial criminalisation model fail to protect sex workers’ rights.

Key words: International Human Rights Law, Economic and Social Rights, Sex Work
Date: 09 June 2020

Number of pages: 91
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and
annexes: 30613

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

EPIGRAPH

‘An examination of international human rights and labour standards reveals that
most issues of concern to sex workers could be subject to the international instruments
already developed to protect the rights of others.
Bindman, Jo and Jo Doezema, “Redefining prostitution as sex work on the
international agenda”
‘And yet, in certain circles, they keep on saying that the challenge is not to remove
prostitution from rough areas ‘where prostitutes are heavily exposed to all kinds of
assault (in which conditions, even selling bread would qualify as a dangerous sport), nor
to create the legal work environments that sex workers are calling for, but to ban
prostitution’.
Virginie Despentes, ‘King Kong Theory’.

TABLE OF ABBREVIATIONS
CEDAW
CESCR
CoE
ECHR
ECJ
ECSR
ECtHR
EEA
ESC
EU
ICCPR
ICESCR
ILO
NGO
STDs
THB
UDHR
UN
UNAIDS
UNODC
URSSAF

WHO

Committee on the Elimination of
Discrimination against Women
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights
Council of Europe
European Court of Human Rights
European Court of Justice
European Committee of Social Rights
European Court of Human Rights
European Economic Area
European Social Charter, European Social
Charter (Revised)
European Union
International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights.
International Covenant on Economic, Social
and Cultural Rights
International Labour Organisation
Non-governmental Organization
Sexually Transmitted Diseases
Trafficking in human beings
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights
United Nations
Joint United Nations Programme on HIV
(human immunodeficiency virus) and AIDS
(acquired immune deficiency syndrome)
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime
Unions de Recouvrement des Cotisations de
Sécurité Sociale et d'Allocations Familiales,
meaning the Organisations for the Collection
of Social Security and Family Benefit
Contributions
World Health Organisation

TABLE OF CONTENTS
EPIGRAPH

3

Table of Abbreviations

4

1.

7

2.

INTRODUCTION

7

1.1.

Background

1.2.

Research problem

11

1.3.

Methodology, structure and limitations

14

1.4.

Sources

16

INTERNATIONAL FRAMEWORK OF ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL RIGHTS OF SEX WORKERS
19
2.1

Sex work in international human rights law

2.2. Right to work

19
26

2.2.1. Background and sources

26

2.2.2. What is work? Concepts and critique of work as a right

28

2.2.3. The content of the right to work

31

2.2.4. Between freely-chosen work and forced labour

35

2.2.5. The concept of decent work

40

2.2.6. The right to vocational training as an element of the right to work and freely choose work

41

2.2.7. Permissible limitations

42

2.3. Right to just and favourable conditions of work

45

2.4. Right to unionise and to bargain collectively

48

2.5.

49

Right to social security

3. CRIMINALISATION

52

3.1. Overview of Russian legislation criminalising sex workers

52

3.2. The right to work for sex workers in Russia

53

3.2.1. Prohibition of forced labour

53

3.2.2. The right to earn a living by an occupation freely entered into

54

3.3
3.4

The right to favourable and just conditions of work for sex workers

57

Right to form or join a trade union, and to bargain collectively

60

3.5. Right to social security

62

4. PARTIAL CRIMINALISATION
4.1. Swedish legislation regulating sex work

63

4.2. The Right to Work

65

4.2.1. Prohibition of forced labour

5.

63

65

4.3. The right to just and favourable conditions of work

70

4.4. Right to unionise and bargain collectively

71

4.5. Right to social security

72

Conclusions

Bibliography

74
76

1.

INTRODUCTION

1.1.

Background

The issue of economic and social human rights of sex workers is often largely overlooked.
Notably, in international human rights law there is the lack of attention to human rights of sex
workers that go beyong protection from human trafficking. International human rights treaties and
ILO conventions do not address sex work explicitly. Treaty bodies’ practice, e.g. general
comments and general recommendations which concern sex workers’ human rights, is
fragmentary. Little can be found in case law. Academic sources exploring sex workers’ economic
and social human rights are also limited. Thus, from the point of international human rights law
sex workers rights are still insufficiently researched. Meanwhile, many researchers underline the
importance of a labour approach to people working in the sex industry, and refer to the lack of
international and domestic instruments of providing such protection, while ‘the lack of
international and local protection renders sex workers vulnerable to exploitation in the workplace,
and to harassment or violence at the hands of employers, law enforcement officials, clients and the
public1‘.
In the context of sex work, the focus of international law is mostly on protection of the
rights of persons subjected to involuntary sex work which may be seen as forced labour, slavery,
‘exploitation of prostitution2‘, and trafficking3. However, seeing sex work only through antitrafficking framework leads to overlooking sex workers labour rights and other economic and

1

Bindman, Jo, Doezema, Jo, “Redefining prostitution as sex work on the international agenda”, London: AntiSlavery International, 1997, p.1
2
The term “exploitation of prostitution” is set in Article 6 CEDAW: ”States Parties shall take all appropriate
measures, including legislation, to suppress all forms of traffic in women and exploitation of prostitution of
women”.
3
The Protocol to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime to Prevent, Suppress and
Punish Trafficking in Persons, especially Women and Children (the Palermo Protocol), adopted by General
Assembly (2000) is the world-recognised instrument against trafficking. The Council of Europe Convention on
Action against Trafficking in Human Beings (2005) is a regional instrument. Protocol on the African Charter on
Human and Peoples Rights on the Rights of Women in Africa, art 4 (2) (g) says about obligations of member states
to “prevent and condemn trafficking in women, prosecute the perpetrators of such trafficking and protect those
women most at risk”. International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and
Members of Their Families states, that “appropriate action should be encouraged in order to prevent and eliminate
clandestine movements and trafficking in migrant workers, while at the same time assuring the protection of their
fundamental human rights”.

social rights4. An importance of socio-economic rights approach can be not only in these rights
themselves, but also is a way for improvement for other human rights of sex workers: “By looking
at commercial sex as work, and at the conditions under which that work is performed, sex workers
can be included and protected under the existing instruments which aim to protect all workers in a
general way, all persons from violence, children from sexual exploitation, and women from
discrimination”5.
There are other reasons for sex workers’ rights being neglected. One of the problems with
the valid approach to sex workers’ rights is the problem of the so-called victim narrative6, when
“the identity of international human rights lawyers relies on constructing others as victims. Sex
workers being constructed as victims is a part of wider international human rights law discourse,
the ‘victim narrative’7, where gender is organised as a hierarchy, and the masculinity is on the
position of authority.”8 A woman sex worker in this discourse tends always to be perceived as a
victim of trafficking or exploitation of prostitution. Meanwhile, if a woman expresses her will to
work in sex industry, she is ‘at best invisible, at worst deserving of abuse’ 9. Thus, “two ‘classes’
of sex workers are effectively created: one that ‘deserves’ legal protection because they were
duped, tricked or forced into sex work, and another that does not, because they are sexually fallen
and have chosen this work”10.
The existence of these two categories can justify the absence of attention to sex workers’
rights in international human rights law outside trafficking victims’ rights. Such dualism not only
replaces legal issue with vague moral norms11, but also oversimplifies the problem12. The
international human rights law conceptualisation is often reflected in domestic legal systems. For
example, in the USA (where sex work is criminalised) “rather than recognize sex work as a form

4

Roth, Venla, “Defining Human Trafficking and Identifying Its Victims. A Study on the Impact and Future
Challenges of International, European and Finnish Legal Responses to Prostitution-Related Trafficking in Human
Beings”, Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2011, p.27-30.
5
Supra note 1: Bindman, Doezema (2007).
6
On the concept of ‘victimhood’ in international human rights law and international humanitarian law, also see
Huckerby, Jayne, Feminism and International Law in the Post 9/11 Era, in Fordham International Law Journal,
Vol. 39, 2016, pp. 547-558.
7
Otto, Diane, Disconcerting “Masculinities”, in Buss, Doris E, Manji, Ambreena (eds) International Law: Modern
Feminist Approaches, Oxford and Portland, Oregon, 2005, p. 106.
8
ibid.
9
Brysk, Alison, Globalization and Human Rights, University of California Press, 2002, p. 46
10
Framework on Rights of Sex Workers and CEDAW. IWRAW-AP, NSWP, 2018
https://www.nswp.org/resource/framework-rights-sex-workers-andcedaw#:~:text=It%20is%20intended%20to%20be,Discrimination%20Against%20Women%20(CEDAW).last
approached 19.11.2019.
11
Hua, Julietta. “Trafficking Women’s Human Rights”, University of Minnesota Press, 2011, p. 24, 25, 37.
12
Ibid, p. 37, 38.

of legitimate labor and exchange”13, domestic legislation “takes a prohibitionist stance that links
prostitution to trafficking”14.
Second, the colonial aspect of human rights law, with the white masculine image as
universal subject as protector, civiliser and white saviour15 is also a discourse with no place for
sex workers as active agents. Here an ‘exotic other’ concept takes over16. Victim subject constructs
a binary structure, a balance between the ‘victim’ and the ‘saviour’, the latter represents
‘civilisation’ and saves the ‘good’ woman from ‘bad native men’.17 Women from the Global South
are seen as the victims of oppression, opposite to Western women who are ‘free’18. Moreover,
since the effects of globalisation19 make sex work at large an immigrant women’s industry20,
colonial view on sex workers occupies the public discourse21.
The third factor contributing to disregard of the sex workers human rights is stigma, which
surrounds22 sex workers.
Thus, the ‘victim approach’ fails to provide the necessary minimum of rights and lacks the
agency of the people subjected to trafficking23. Therefore, some scholars state, the human rights
approach to trafficking should be replaced with labour approach to address the needs of trafficked
persons24.
The ILO has a set of conventions aimed at special categories of workers, many of them
often are in informal economy25, such as Domestic Workers Convention, 2011 (No 189), Safety
and Health in Agriculture Convention, 2001 (No 184) Home Work Convention, 1996 (No 177),

13

Ibid, p. 38.
Ibid.
15
Simms, Rupe, “Controlling Images and the Gender Construction of Enslaved African Women”, in Gender and
Society, Vol. 15, No. 6 (2001), pp. 879-897
16
Engle, Karen, International Human Rights and Feminism: When Discourses Keep Meeting, in International
Law: Modern Feminist Approaches, Oxford and Portland, Oregon, 2005, p. 57.
17
Ibid, p. 106.
18
Ibid, p. 52.
19
Chinkin, Christine, Wright, Shelley, Charlesworth, Hillary, “Feminist Approaches to International Law:
Reflections from Another Century”, in in Buss, Doris E, Manji, Ambreena (eds) International Law: Modern
Feminist Approaches, Oxford and Portland, Oregon, 2005, p. 30-31.
20
See, for example: Ehrenreich, Barbara, Hochschild, Arlie Russel (eds),“Global Woman. Nannies, Maids and
Sex Workers in the New Economy”, Granta Books, London, 2003.
21
Meanwhile, according to Otto, sex workers resistance in India show that sex work outside legal frames is a way
to avoid oppressive policies and both victim narrative and colonial narrative. Supra note 7, p. 127
22
Supra note 1: Bindman, Doezema (2007).
23
Shamir, Hila, “A Labor Paradigm for Human Trafficking”, in UCLA Law Review, Vol. 60, No. 1, 2012, pp. 76136.
24
Ibid.
25
The definition of the “informal economy” was given by International Labour Conference: “all economic
activities by workers and economic units that are - in law or in practice - not covered or insufficiently covered by
formal arrangements”, in Resolution concerning decent work and the informal economy, General Conference of
the International Labour Organization, 90th session, ILC90-PR25-292, para. 3.
14

Nursing Personnel Convention, 1977 (No 149). However, a sex workers convention setting
minimum standards for member States in sex workers treatment, is absent. Stigma, ongoing
discussion about sex work and the lack of common ground towards sex work (which will be seen
further in different models of regulation of sex work on domestic level) are probably the reasons
that the group in need of international human rights protection, in fact, has none.
Even the feminist approaches to sex work vary.26 Many argue that under no conditions may
sex work be seen as voluntary work27. This argument is not within the scope of this research. The
starting point of this research is the assumption, that sex workers is a group of people in the need
of protecting their rights. Clearly, criminal law is needed to suppress trafficking and forced labour,
and to punish the persons involved, but it is not the aim of criminal justice to address economic
and social rights of persons.
Socio-economic framework focuses on the right to work, on working conditions in sex
work, the right to health and other socio-economic rights, which returns the discussion into the
legal field, not debates on moral issues on the question whether the persons occupied in sex work
have the agency to freely choose the occupation or that poverty, physiological traumas and other
circumstances coerce any sex worker to sell sex. However, the question whether sex work can be
treated as work under international human rights law, in the framework of the right to work and
other socio-economic rights; and the question on the border between consensual sex work and
forced labour lies, will be addressed.
For this research, various definitions of sex work and sex workers may be helpful. In short,
sex workers are defined as those who engage in voluntary, consensual commercial sex 28. Bindman
and Doezema propose the following definition of sex work:
‘Negotiation and performance of sexual services for remuneration
i.

with or without intervention by a third party

ii.

where those services are advertised or generally recognised as available from a

specific location
iii.
26

where the price of services reflects the pressures of supply and demand.’29

See, for example: Sutherland, Kate, “Work, Sex, and Sex-Work: Competing Feminist Discourses on the
International Sex Trade”, in Osgoode Hall Law Journal, Vol. 42, pp. 139-167, 2004.
27
See, for example: Vid. Schultze-Florey, S.F. “Prostitution and the free will – a critical view on consent in
prostitution”, University of Bergen, 2011 (p.95). Available at : https://bora.uib.no/handle/1956/5502, last
approached 12.12.2019, Erika Schulze, Sandra Isabel Novo Canto, Peter Mason, Maria Skalin, E, “Sexual
exploitation and prostitution and its impact on gender equality. Study.”, European Parliament, 2014, Availiable at
http://www.europarl.europa.eu/studies, last approached 02.06.2020.
28
Marshall, Rachel, “Sex Workers and Human Rights: A Critical Analysis of Laws Regarding Sex Work”, in 23
Wm. & Mary J. Women & L., 47, 2016.
29
Supra note 1: Bindman, Doezema (2007), p.

UNAIDS also gives a working definition of sex workers. Sex workers, according to
UNAIDS guidelines, are “consenting female, male and transgender adults—as well as young
people over the age of 18 years—who regularly or occasionally receive money or goods in
exchange for sexual services”30. UNAIDS highlights, that the term is intended to be nonjudgmental and neutral, meanwhile, according to the same guideline, term ‘prostitution’ should
not be in use due to the humiliating meaning which this word bears. The World Health
Organisation (WHO) gives a largely similar definition31. CEDAW Committee, however, continues
to refer to sex work as ‘prostitution’ up to this days 32: after all, Article 6 of CEDAW refers to
‘exploitation of prostitution’. In this research, the term ‘prostitution’ is used in direct citations of
legal and academic sources, or in the discussion around Article 6 of the CEDAW.
The focus of the research would be on finding the existing instruments of protection of the
rights of sex workers, exploring the scope and content of sex workers’ socio-economic rights both
in international human rights law and in national models of regulation of sex work, in the countries
where sex work is restricted, namely Russia and Sweden.

1.2.

Research problem

The research question is set as follows: to explore the scope and content of economic and
social rights of sex workers in international human rights law, and to examine how these rights are
realised in restrictive models of regulation of sex work, in the countries where sex workers or third
parties in sex work are criminalised.
The argument, that from the labour perspective, the law ‘recognises that there is nothing
inherently violent or exploitative about sex work but that violence and exploitation are a result of
bad laws, policies and labour practices’33 should be grounded on relevant international human
rights law instruments. The border between forced and free labour would be explored to find out
whether sex work falls into the scope of the right to work in international human rights law, and

30

UNAIDS Terminology Guidelines, 2015, available at
https://www.unaids.org/en/resources/documents/2015/2015_terminology_guidelines, last approached
15.11.2019
31
Overs, Cheryl, “Sex workers: part of the solution. An analysis of HIV prevention programming to prevent HIV
transmission during commercial sex in developing countries”, 2002
http://www.who.int/hiv/topics/vct/sw_toolkit/115solution.pdf, approached on 15.11.2019
32
See, for example, CEDAW Committee, Concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Andorra, UN
Doc. CEDAW/C/AND/CO/4, 13 November 2019, para 27(d).
33

Supra note 10.

which conditions should exist to bring sex work into compliance with international human rights
law.
Exploring sex work from an economic and social rights angle seems important, because it
is often forgotten, that sex work is sometimes the only or the best way for an individual to earn a
living. Brining up economic and social rights in this context works destigmatising and reminds of
people in sex work are not the objects of State’s care, but first of all the bearers of economic and
social rights.
International human rights law lays out the States’ obligations. However, all states have
their national approach, or ‘model’ of sex work legislation. Various sources recognise from four
to five34 basic national legislative models of sex work, most identify four35 of them. They differ
by the level of state interference into sex work, and by different political and social aims if the
sphere of regulation of sex work. It should be noted, that different models are not isolated, and in
practice the models intersect and the regulation model has the features of several models.
The first legislative model is criminalisation36 (sometimes called: prohibition, abolition,
and in cases where sex work is an administrative offence against public morals or against public
order, this model is sometimes referred as ‘penalisation’). In this model sex work itself is a
criminal offence or an administrative offence, and the sex work itself (‘prostitution’). Third parties
activities such as pimping, procuring, soliciting brothel-keeping, recruitment into sex work,
advertising of sexual services and renting the premises to perform sex work are usually
criminalised too. Countries that use criminalisation, for example, are: the US, Russia, Belarus,
Ukraine, the Republic of South Africa, India, China.
The second model is partial criminalisation37 (sometimes called: abolition, neo-abolition,
‘Nordic Model’, ‘Swedish Model’). Under partial criminalisation, the sex worker itself is not
punished, but buying sex services and abovementioned third-parties activities are criminalised.
Countries that use partial criminalisation, for example, are: Sweden, Norway, Iceland, Ireland,
Canada, partially Finland.

34

For example, in Smith, Molly, Mac, Juno “Revolting Prostitutes: The Fight for Sex Workers' Rights” Verso
Books, 2018.
35
For example, as in Mgbako, Chi, The Mainstreaming of Sex Workers' Rights as Human Rights in Harvard
Journal of Law and Gender, Vol. 43, pp. 120-121.
36
Ibid, p. 120.
37
Ibid, p. 121

Legalisation38 (also referred to as regulation) means that sex work is permitted under strict
state regulations. The corpus of licensing, taxation and migration legislation can be extensive.
Countries that use legalisation are, for instance: The Netherlands, Germany, Switzerland.
Decriminalisation39 model implies that sex work and all the aspects of it are decriminalised,
and the state interference into sex workers’ performance is minimal. Instead of special regulation
of sex work, the state applies to sex workers general norms on labour, healthcare, taxation,
employment, maternity leave benefits, etc, treating sex workers as self-employed workers or
employed workers depending on the form of the chosen work. The most notable example of
decriminalization can be seen in New Zealand.
The initial intent of the research was to explore all the models of regulation of sex work on
the incompatibility with economic and social rights set in international human rights treaty.
In the process of work it became evident, that, first, economic and social rights approach to
sex workers requires more deep insights, and more material is requires to cover international legal
aspects of sex workers’ rights. Second, domestic legislation is often wider than a single domestic
law often representing the model. For example, Swedish model represents all countries who
prohibit the purchase of sexual services, but even within the Nordic countries other domestic
legislation that sets economic and social rights may vary40. In this respect Östergren proposes three
groups of domestic sex work policies based on the overall assessment of legislation with regard to
sex work: integrative (New Zealand), regulative (Germany) and restrictive (Sweden)41. For this
reason, it is more or less useless to try to make the conclusions on certain economic and social
rights in the ‘model’ as a whole while researching the law of one particular country as
‘representing’ the model. At the same time, the ‘restrictive’ models seem to be most hostile with
regard to sex workers’ economic and social rights. Thus, only two ‘models’ been considered in
this research: criminalisation and partial criminalisation, which are, in Östergren classification,
‘restrictive’. Östergren’s approach to classification of the models of regulation of sex work was
used by other researchers as well.42
However, the name of the model is not definitive or limiting for the purpose of this research.
What is more important is to explore, how criminalisation of sex work itself or ‘third-party’
38

Ibid.
Ibid.
40
Östergren, Petra, “From Zero-Tolerance to Full Integration: Rethinking Prostitution Policies”, DemandAT
Working Paper No. 10, 2017, available at http://www.demandat.eu/publications/zero-tolerance-full-integrationrethinking-prostitution-policies, last approached 01.06.2020.
41
Ibid.
42
Benoit, Cecilia, Smith, Michaela, Jansson, Mikael, Healey, Priscilla, Magnuson, Doug. “The Prostitution
Problem”: Claims, Evidence, and Policy Outcomes.” in Archives of Sexual Behavior. 48(3), 2018.
39

criminalisation influences the economic and social rights of sex workers and respective obligations
of the States.
1.3.

Methodology, structure and limitations

The legal dogmatic method is used in this research. The relevant international human rights
law norms are identified and analysed with regard to the research question; and thereafter the
compliance of the relevant domestic legal norms with these human rights law norms is established.
The aim is not to identify the model of regulation which is ‘best’ at complying with international
human rights law, but rather to see how what is the right to work and work-related socio-economic
rights with regard to sex workers, and to explore how these rights are realised or not realised under
‘restrictive’ domestic legislation systems.
Thus, to get a proper approach to the research, first it will be assessed if international human
rights law proposes that sex work constitutes work in the meaning of international human rights
law and thus enjoy the same level of protection of any other types of work. Then, the economic
and social rights of sex workers should be identified in international human rights law framework.
Further, the corresponding obligations of the States would be assessed. Finally, all the economic
and social rights in questions would be assessed in national legislation which criminalises sex
workers or third parties involved in sex work.
The structure of the thesis will be the following: after the introduction, the second chapter
will investigate relevant international human rights law. The first subchapter will explore how sex
work is regulated in international human rights treaties and treaty body interpretations, and
whether any international norms specifically restrict sex work as a form of labour.
The second subchapter will look into what is work in international human rights law, what
is the content of the right to work, where is the line between voluntary work and forced labour,
what are the corresponding obligations of the States, what are the limitations of the right to work
in relevant human rights treaties. This analysis is needed to find out if – and when – sex work can
be seen as labour and explore how States should treat sex workers.
Finally, there will be subchapters on the right to just and favourable conditions of work, on
the right to form a union bargain collectively and the right to social security. These socioeconomic human rights are selected for various reasons: not only because they are themselves
important and often mentioned as being severely violated with regard to sex workers43, but also

43

supra note 34: Smith, Mac, 2018, pp. 38-67.

because they are closely connected to the right to work and the research on these rights provides
an understanding of how crucial is recognition of sex work as a form of labour.
The following chapters would respectively look at the mentioned rights through the
domestic legal systems in which sex work or sex work-related activities are criminalised.
In conclusion, the main results and outcomes of the research will be submitted and
discussed, as well as the answer to the research question.
The research is limited to the right to work and work-related economic and social rights.
The right to work is central, as the main identifying feature of the group in question is the type of
work performed. Also, the right to work is a core economic right, a basis for dignified economic
independence and living, while other socio-economics rights are interconnected with the right to
work, or even founded at the right to work44.
The human trafficking issue will not be the subject of the thesis. It is a well-researched
topic, as was mentioned above45. However, certain attention will be given to the distinction
between forced and voluntary sex work, and to an obligation of the States to protect from forced
labour since such protection is one of the dimensions of the right to work.
The countries representing sex work regulation domestic models are chosen for various
reasons. Russia for criminalisation is among the minority of European countries which maintain
criminalisation model. Sex workers’ rights in Russia have not been sufficiently researched.
However, there is certain accessibility of legislation and other sources. Sweden for partial
criminalisation model is chosen as the first country which adopted legislation criminalising the
purchase of sexual services. It was Sweden who introduced the whole concept behind the partial
criminalisation model, as well as first developed its implementation by the courts. From Sweden,
partial criminalisation was exported to other countries.
Both Russia and Sweden are the parties to relevant UN and Council of Europe treaties,
which provide similar economic and social rights to the individuals under their jurisdiction.
Sweden, however, is also a subject to the EU treaties and legislation, which are the additional
instruments for human rights protection. These two countries represent two opposite poles of
human rights compliance: Russia, with the largest amount of violations of the ECHR46, and
Sweden with its reputation of pioneering human rights and gender equality. In this polarity of the
44

Para 8 of the CESCR General Comment No 18 state, that “Articles 6, 7 and 8 of the Covenant are interdependent.
The characterisation of work as decent presupposes that it respects the fundamental rights of the worker”.
45
See, for example: Supra note 4: Roth, Venla, 2011.
46
See ECtHR Statistics by the year 2019. Violations by Article and by State 2019. Russia has the highest amount
of violations (186), followed by Ukraine (109) and Turkey (96), while Sweden has 0. Available at
https://www.echr.coe.int/Pages/home.aspx?p=reports, last approached 01.06.2020.

chosen countries restrictive regulation models it would be better seen how the model itself (rather
than the countries’ human rights commitments) influences sex workers’ socio-economic rights.
It must be noted, that sex workers are a diverse group. There are female, male, transgender
sex workers, migrant and nationals of the countries they work, single mothers, students, indoorbased, street-based, self-occupied and those working in brothels, massage parlours, those wishing
to exit sex work and those satisfied with it. The important pattern in common is that only adult
persons are taken, and only those working voluntarily according to human rights law.

1.4.

Sources

The main sources are the relevant provisions in the relevant treaties, both the UN treaties
and regional ones. The ICESCR is used as a basic international instrument setting the obligation
of the States in the economic and social human rights. The CEDAW is chosen for its genderfocused human rights approach. Other treaties are used where relevant.
The International Labour Organisation various conventions are taken as a source because
of the unique role of the ILO to labour rights47. The ILO is an organization specifically created for
working out labour standards for national legislation and promoting labour rights. At the same
time, the ILO role should not be overestimated, as not all aspects of the ILO activities are directly
linked with human rights law and only a limited number of ILO conventions are human rights
conventions.48
The regional conventions are the ESC and Revised ESC (hereinafter – the ESC); The Charter
of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (the Charter), ECHR. The ESC is commonly
referred to as a ‘social constitution of Europe’. It provides for detailed regulation of economic and
social rights to all 47 Council of Europe member States.
The ECHR as a source is taken due to its increasing role in labour rights protection.
Although directly the ECHR protects the right to work only through the prohibition of forced

47

More on the role of the ILO see i.g.: Lee Swepston. Closing the gap between International Law and U.S. Labor
Law. Workers’ Rights as Human Rights, James A. Gross (Ed.). ILR Press 2003 p. 53 – 77.
48
Craig, Scott, “Multinational Enterprises and Emergent Jurisprudence on Violations of Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights”. in Economic, Social and Cultural Rights: A Textbook, 2nd Edition. Dordrecht, ND: Martinus
Nijhoff Publishers, 2001. p. 569.

labour, ECtHR case law developed a complex approach to protecting work-related rights and
social rights49.
The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union intersects with the ESC and the
ECHR, and serves to ensure that both the EU legislation and the EU member States legislation are
bound by the human rights standards set in the Charter. This source is important for the present
research for the reason that the countries using partial criminalisation are mostly belong to the EU.
Much attention will be given to general comments or general recommendations of the treaty
bodies, as they have an interpretive role and observational role with regard to respective treaties,
communications of the treaty bodies, case law of international courts.
States periodic reports to relevant treaty bodies and the treaty bodies concluding
observations are also used as a source: the former, as information resource on the measures
implementing by the State, the latter to see how the treaty bodies evaluate the member state
progress in the fields of economic and social rights and what recommendations are given to the
State to provide the compliance of the State with a relevant treaty. These reports and observations
also are useful for tracking history of changes in domestic legislation of the States and other
measures the States implement to meet their obligations under human rights treaties. Where
relevant, the UN Special Rapporteurs’ reports would be used as a source of information on human
rights violations.
Domestic legislation would be referred to where relevant for the research.
Secondary sources are academic sources: literature and other. First, those which explore
sex work in international human rights law, and second, those on economic and social rights and
international labour law. These sources are used for present research as they provide a view on
relevant legal norms, provide the history of drafting of the relevant treaties and domestic
legislation, and the ways of interpretations of these norms. Where appropriate, social studies,
primarily sociological. would be used, because they provide an information on how sex workers
are treated and which human rights violations can be found in the countries representing the models
of regulation of sex work.
Internet sources will be used in a limited way. The WHO, the European Parliament, the
Council of Europe, UNAIDS, UNODC, ILO studies and statistics would be used where
appropriate. These studies, as they are conducted within the competence of mentioned agencies,

49

See, for example, Mantouvalou, Virginia, “Labour Rights in the European Convention on Human Rights: An
Intellectual Justification for an Integrated Approach to Interpretation”, in Human Rights Law Review, Volume 13,
Issue 3, pp. 529–555, 2013.

organisations and bodies provide relevant information on human rights situation in certain
countries, regions or worldwide, as well as the expert opinions on essential human rights issues.

2. INTERNATIONAL FRAMEWORK OF ECONOMIC AND
SOCIAL RIGHTS OF SEX WORKERS
2.1

Sex work in international human rights law

Researchers examining human rights of sex workers in Africa state: “international human
rights system creates a foundation for the realization of sex workers’ rights in Africa. Many African
nations have ratified treaties in the international human rights corpus that set forth rights that relate
to sex work including the right to the free choice of work”.50
In the meantime, the ‘neo-abolition’ approach is gaining ground51, and the right to choose
sex work as work is being questioned. In this discourse, the consent to sex work and a choice of
sex work is considered non-existent. Hence, the sex workers’ human rights, such as the rights to
work, the right to just and favourable conditions of work and the right to form trade unions are
being neglected by the neo-abolitionist52.
Human rights scholars’ often ignore sex work as labour, or classify sex work as inherently
‘bad’ and ‘undesireble’ work. For example, Mundlak deliberates the consent of ‘a woman’s
‘choice’ to prostitute herself’, putting sex work in the list of jobs incompatible with human dignity
and hence with the right to work. The answer is, says Mundlak further, that some choices are
morally justifiable and others are not53.
Another argument of the neo-abolitionist approach is that “weakness of sex work position
is that it may often be difficult to draw the line between voluntary and forced prostitution”54. The
sex workers are often particularly marginalised. Persons in sex work often have less choice and
therefore it is hard to estimate, where consent to sex work ends and sex work becomes forced55.
The critics of the right to work with regard to sex work also underline, that it should be
considered ‘what kind of society do we want to build and maintain: do we want brothels and other

50

Mgbako, Chi, Smith, Laura A, “Sex Work and Human Rights in Africa”, in Fordham International Law Journal,
Volume 33, Issue 4, 2011, p. 1186.
51
See, for example: Ahmed, Aziza and Seshu, Meena, "We Have the Right Not to Be 'Rescued'...": When AntiTrafficking Programmes Undermine the Health and Well-Being of Sex Workers” in Anti-Trafficking Review, Issue
1, pp. 149-168, 2012.
52
Supra note 4: Roth, Venla, 2010, p. 35
53
Mundlak, G. “The Right to Work – The Value of Work”, in Barak-Erez, Daphne and Gross, Aeyal M (Eds.).
Exploring Social Rights Between Theory and Practice, Oxford and Portland. Oregon, 2007, p. 342
54
Supra note 4: Roth, Venla, 2010, p. 36
55
Ibid.

premises of that kind to be a part of the street scene?’56. The question that should be answered here
is who are ‘we’? Why sex workers are not included in the group who want to build a certain society
without brothels? Why the legal approach sometimes loses its neutrality and speaks about morally
unacceptable choices of ‘prostitution’ or picturing street scenes with brothels as if the human rights
law only protects people working in less appalling premises? 57
Considering the critique, it is, therefore, necessary to be established, whether sex work can
be considered as a freely-chosen work under international human rights law, and under what
conditions can sex work overcome the barrier when a person is forced to ‘prostitute oneself’ to the
point where a person, among other available jobs, or even in absence of any other jobs, chooses
sex work?
Another argument of the opponents of labour approach to sex work is that it is often hard
to distinguish freely-chosen sex work from forced sex work58. However, the issue of the distinction
between the crime of forced labour and lawful free labour is an issue of proper investigation. The
purpose of the criminal justice system is to discover and investigate crimes, and any problems with
finding the difference between forced labour and voluntary labour mean that the state should
introduce a better investigation of such crimes, rather than automatically consider all sex work
forced or rejecting sex work as a form of labour. For other categories of work, for example for
domestic work, the line between forced and voluntary work can be vague, too59, but work-related
human rights of domestic workers are recognised worldwide. On international level domestic
workers are protected with the ILO Domestic workers Convention No 189 (2011) and other
instruments, e.g. the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant
Workers and Members of Their Families, and there are no voices for the abolition of domestic
labour because of the abuse of rights domestic workers face.
As a starting point, it must be established, whether there are international human right
instruments providing that sex work is incompatible with human dignity and human rights.

56

Ibid.
The abolitionist approach to sex work in Sweden is heavily criticised by some scholars precisely because it
involves social exclusion of sex workers on the grounds of morals, has a strong anti-immigrant and
heteronormative context: “Sweden’s contemporary aim to abolish prostitution through the criminalisation
of the purchase of sex should be seen in the context of Swedish control and social exclusion of problematised
facets of society through the nineteenth and twentieth centuries “…” Controls have historically concentrated on a
policing and moralising of public space, as well as compulsory care and sterilisations, and have focused on groups
considered to be deviant and disruptive to Sweden’s aspirations to socially engineer a ‘clean’, rational and ordered
folkhemmet.” In Levy, Jay, “Criminalising the Purchase of Sex: Lessons from Sweden”, Routledge, 2014.
58
Supra note 4: Roth, Venla, 2010, p. 35.
59
See, for example: “Some categories of persons are especially vulnerable to compulsion and exploitation,
including children, migrants, domestic workers and indigenous and tribal peoples” – in Swepston, Lee, “Forced
and compulsory labour in international human rights law”, International Labour Office, Geneva, ILO, 2005.
57

The CEDAW in Article 6 states, that ‘States Parties shall take all appropriate measures,
including legislation, to suppress all forms of traffic in women and exploitation of prostitution of
women’. The term ‘trafficking’ has definitions in other international law instruments.60 However,
the concept of ‘exploitation of prostitution’ requires some additional clarification, including
addressing Palermo Protocol interpretation.
The history of the drafting of Article 6 suggests61 that there existed a proposal of the full
prohibition of prostitution62. This suggestion was declined in the final version of the CEDAW.
Thus, it is clear, that suppression of all sex work in the CEDAW is absent and ‘exploitation of
prostitution’ means something else rather freely chosen sexual labour. What does it mean, then,
‘exploitation of prostitution’?
The CEDAW Committee hitherto has avoided interpretation of Article 6 in the form of
General Recommendation, and thus the issue of interpretation of the wording of Article 6 is still
waiting to be addressed by the CEDAW Committee.

However, the draft of General

Recommendation on Article 6 has been published 63 and is waiting to be adopted by the end of
2020.64
The term ‘exploitation of prostitution’ has no clear definition in neither the CEDAW nor in
its treaty body general recommendations. The main international treaty against trafficking in
human beings, the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons Especially
Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational
Organized Crime (Palermo Protocol) and other international treaties also do not provide the

60

E.g. Article 3(a) of the Palermo Protocol.
Chuang, Janie. "Commentary on CEDAW Article 6." In Freeman, Marsha A, Chinkin, Christine, Rudolf Beate
(eds.) “The UN Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women. A Commentary”,
New York: Oxford University Press, 2012, pp. 176-178
62
Unsurprisingly, similar issues have been raised while drafting Palermo Protocol. Some States advocated to
include the reference to prostitution suggesting prohibition of all prostitution. Others were defeding the position
that Stated approach prostitution in different ways, and the Protocol should not interfere with these domestic
matters. The final version “exploitation of the prostitution of others and other forms of sexual exploitation” has
an Interpretative Note to it, clarifying that this relates only to trafficking in persons, and the States are free to
address prostitution in other contexts on their discretion – See UNODC Issue Paper “The Concepts of
‘Exploitation’ in the Trafficking in Persons Protocol”, 2005, p. 27 and Travaux Préparatoires for the Organized
Crime Convention and Protocols, p. 347 (or Interpretative Notes A/55/383/Add.1, para. 64), cited via UNODC
Issue Paper, “The Concepts of ‘Exploitation’ in the Trafficking in Persons Protocol”, 2005.
63
The CEDAW Committee Draft on General Recommendation on Trafficking of Women and Girls in the Context
of Global Migration, available at
https://www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/CEDAW/Pages/GRTrafficking.aspx, last approached 18.04.2020.
64
See the CEDAW Workplan for the CEDAW General Recommendation on Trafficking in the Context of Global
Migration, as of 12 July 2019, subject to change, available at
https://www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/CEDAW/Pages/GRTrafficking.aspx, last approached 18.04.2020.
61

definition of ‘exploitation of prostitution’ even when the term is widely used in the treaty. Palermo
Protocol, Article 3(a) provides for the following:
“Trafficking in persons” shall mean the recruitment, transportation, transfer,
harbouring or receipt of persons, by means of the threat or use of force or other forms
of coercion, of abduction, of fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power or of a position
of vulnerability or of the giving or receiving of payments or benefits to achieve the
consent of a person having control over another person, for the purpose of
exploitation. Exploitation shall include, at a minimum, the exploitation of the
prostitution of others or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or services,
slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs.”65

Thus, ‘exploitation of prostitution’ is separate from more general ‘exploitation’.
International human rights law distinguishes also economic exploitation, for example,
Article 32 (1) on the Convention on the Rights of the Child economic exploitation states that:
‘States Parties recognize the right of the child to be protected from economic exploitation..’. ILO
widely uses the concept of ”labour exploitation”.66 But the latter is only prohibited in case of
forced labour or trafficking (see Palermo Protocol Article 3 (a) cited above), while labour
exploitation is not considered to be itself illegal67. Meanwhile, in accordance with Article 6 of
CEDAW and Palermo Protocol Article 3(a), ‘exploitation of prostitution’ is to be suppressed
regardless of coercion component.
UNODC Working Group on Trafficking in Persons proposes that ‘“exploitation of the
prostitution of others’ is generally understood as referring to profiting from the prostitution of
another person.”68 Further, UNODC reminds, that exploitation “is not inevitably and universally
seen as ‘wrong’. For example, many States accept that it is both just and right for people to buy
and sell labouring capacities at whatever prices the freemarket will bear.”69 However, UNODC
interpretation concerns only the Organised Crime Convention and its Protocols (including Palermo
Protocol), as it has the mandate to assist the States in implementing the abovementioned
instruments70. Further the UNODC proposed the following definition, deriving from the “UNODC
Model Law against Trafficking in Persons”71: “Exploitation of prostitution of others shall mean
the unlawful obtaining of financial or other material benefit from the prostitution of another
65

Palermo Protocol, Article 3(a)
UNODC Issue Paper, “The Concepts of ‘Exploitation’ in the Trafficking in Persons Protocol”, 2005, p. 16
67
Ibid.
68
Ibid, p. 28.
69
Ibid.
70
Ibid
71
Trafficking in Human Beings and Peace Support Operations: Trainers’ Guide, United Nations Interregional
Crime and Justice Research Institute, 2006, p. 153, cited via Working Group on Trafficking in Persons, ‘Analysis
of Key Concepts of the Trafficking in Persons Protocol’ (9 December 2009) CTOC/COP/WG.4/2010/2 paras 9–
12.
66

person72”. The working group pays special attention to the term ‘unlawful’: States should define
the unlawfulness of exploitation in domestic legislation73.
Nor the UNDOC study, nor the working group materials are not a source of international
law, as well as it does not interpret the CEDAW and other human rights treaties.
As there is no general understanding in international law which ’exploitation of
prostitution’ means, Member States can interpret the term differently. For example, as a
prohibition to gain profit for the third parties from sex work 74.
However, interpretation ‘exploitation of prostitution’ as the prohibition of any profiting
from women sex work does not follow from international human rights law.
Further, the CEDAW Committee is scarce in recognising sex workers rights, but at least it
does not suggest that sex work itself is illegal. In General Recommendation No 19, the CEDAW
Committee75 stated, that “Poverty and unemployment force many women, including young girls,
into prostitution. Prostitutes are especially vulnerable to violence because their status, which may
be unlawful, tends to marginalise them. They need equal protection of laws against rape and other
forms of violence”76.

Mgbako and Smith consider, that the former statement of CEDAW

‘represents a shift from an emphasis on measures to eradicate prostitution to a view of sex workers
as individuals who hold fundamental rights’77.
However, General Recommendation No 35, updating the General Recommendation No 19,
leaves out this paragraph. Prostitution is mentioned among factors of being vulnerable to violence,
and also in General recommendation No 35 on gender-based violence against women78, the
Committee recommends the member states to refrain from legislation that criminalises women in
prostitution. General Recommendation No 3779 recommends equality and non-discrimination for

72

Working Group on Trafficking in Persons, ‘Analysis of Key Concepts of the Trafficking in Persons Protocol’
(9 December 2009) CTOC/COP/WG.4/2010/2 paras 9– 12.
73
Ibid.
74
For example, in the UK, the Crown Prosecution Service for the purpose of defining “exploitation of prostitution”
cites the Sexual Offences Act 2003, Section 52: “Exploitation of Prostitution - Causing or Inciting Prostitution for
Gain states the following: Under Section 52(1) a person commits an offence if: a) He intentionally causes or incites
another person to become a prostitute in any part of the world, and b) He does so for or in the expectation of gain
for himself or third party.” Prosecution Legal Guidance. Sexual Offences, available at
https://www.cps.gov.uk/legal-guidance/prostitution-and-exploitation-prostitution, last approached 26.09.2019
75
See Doezema, Joe, “Forced to Choose: Beyond Voluntary v. Forced Prostitution Dichotomy”, in Kempadoo,
Kamala, Doezema, Jo ”Global sex workers: rights, resistance and redefinition”, Routledge, London, 1998
76

UN CEDAW, General Recommendation No 19 “Violence against women”, UN Doc. A/47/38, 1992, para 15.
Supra note 50: Mgbako, Smith, 2010, p. 1199.
78
CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No 35 “On gender-based violence against women, updating
general recommendation No 19”, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/35, 2013, para 31.
79
CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 37 “On gender-related dimensions of disaster risk reduction
in the context of climate change”, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/37, 2018, para 26.
77

women in prostitution with regard to environmental issues. CEDAW General Recommendation
on Women’s Access to Justice also mentions that member States must ensure an equal access to
justice for ‘women in prostitution’.80
On the contrary, the CEDAW Committee hardly mentions sex workers it its General
recommendation No 26 on women migrant workers, stating that ‘trafficking’ doesn’t fall into “the
work-related situation of women migrants”81 and suggests to address the question through Article
6 of the CEDAW82. Sex workers not being the victims of trafficking are not mentioned.
The unclear position of the CEDAW Committee is sometimes explained by the lack of
world consent on the issue of sex work83. While State Parties of the CEDAW have different
approaches, the CEDAW Committee does not take a clear stance. The Concluding Observations
on States’ reports in recent years are targeting not only the exploitation of prostitution, but also
recommend the States to implement measures to reduce ‘the demand for prostitution’84, without,
however explicitly calling for criminalising the purchase. The measures to reduce demand are
offered in at least the Concluding Observations on Lithuania85 and Bosnia and Herzegovina86,
while for Andorra on the same plenary session the Committee only proposes to implement ‘exit
strategies’.87
Finally, with regard to CEDAW and sex work it should be noted that the CEDAW is an
instrument aiming only on women. It does not address men or transgender or intersex sex work.
Overall, CEDAW is being critiqued for its essentialist approach, centring around a mythical
‘biological woman’, lack of recognition of other genders and transgender people, strict binary,
heteronormativity, focusing on ’white woman’ as a ‘woman in general’88. Of course, the CEDAW
interpretation might change as it is a ‘living instrument’.
For now the CEDAW is still sticking to trafficking approach and mostly ignores labourbased approach to sex work, while for voluntary sex worker the issue of their work-related rights
80

CEDAW Committee, General recommendation “On women’s access to justice”, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/33,
2015, paras 9, 29.
81
CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 26 “On women migrant workers”, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/2009/WP.1/R, 2008, footnote 4.
82
Ibid.
83
Supra note 61: Chuang, 2010, p. 176-177.
84
Ibid., p. 173.
85
CEDAW Committee, Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of Lithuania, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/LTU/CO/6, 12 November 2019, para 26, 27.
86
CEDAW Committee, Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of Bosnia and Herzegovina, UN
Doc. CEDAW/C/BIH/CO/6, 8 November 2019, para 28.
87
Supra note 32.
88
Rosenblum, Darren “Unsex CEDAW, or What's Wrong With Women's Rights”, in Columbia Journal of Gender
and Law, Vol. 20, 2011, available at http://digitalcommons.pace.edu/lawfaculty/810, last approached 30.04. 2020.

protection is overlooked. As an outcome of this limited approach, the draft of General
Recommendations on Article 689 has no term ‘sex work’, nor it addresses or gives any distinctions
between trafficking and sex work. CEDAW in the abovementioned draft and Concept Note
embraces criminal justice in addressing sex work, focuses on prevention and punishment,
suppression and abolition90. Besides, the document addresses ‘reducing demand’, but at the same
time is silent on helping exiting sex work. Thus, “the document relies on the assumption that a
simplistic economic model of demand-led supply or supply-driven demand is applicable to
transactional sexual activity and privileges an anti sex work narrative. What is silenced is the
research evidence showing the economy of sex work to be more multifarious, encompassing
complex feelings of fantasy and desire that are psychological and cultural. The narrative also
silences the perspective(s) of sex workers and the presence of male sex workers and transgender
people in sex work”.91
However, the CEDAW Committee position does not reflect joint position of the UN. Other
treaty bodies like CESCR, Human Rights Council independent experts, UN organisations like the
WHO and the ILO, agencies like UNAIDS often demonstrate different stance. For example, the
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable
standard of physical and mental health (2010) brings out the conclusion on the legality of
consensual sex work in international human rights law in the context of the right to work and states
the following:
“Alongside the right to health, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights protects the right to freely chosen, gainful work (art. 6), which the State
must take steps to safeguard. Article 6 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms
of Discrimination against Women does not require States to suppress consensual, adult
sex work. Rather, it calls for the suppression of ‘all forms of traffic in women and
exploitation of prostitution of women”.92

The CESCR also uses the term ‘sex work’ when calling for decriminalisation.93

89

Supra note 63
ibid.
91
Brooks-Gordon, Melinda, Wijers, Marjan, Jobe, Alison, “Justice and Civil Liberties on Sex Work in
Contemporary International Human Rights Law” in Social Sciences. MDPI, Open Access Journal, vol. 9(1), 2020,
pages 1-12.
92
UN Human Rights Council, Report of the Special Rapporteur on the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the
highest attainable standard of physical and mental health, UN Doc. A/HRC/14/20, 27 April 2010, para 30.
93
See, for example, CESCR Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of the Russian Federation, UN
Doc. E/C.12/RUS/CO/6, 16 October 2017, para 53.
90

In Europe, in the Council of Europe framework its Parliament Assembly non-biding report
“Prostitution - which stance to take”94, observes the legislative models existing in the 47 member
States and calls for abolishing penalisation and criminalisation of ‘prostitutes’.
The EU legislation does not bind its member states with any model, probably, considering
the polarity in the approaches of member States to sex work. The non-binding European Parliament
resolution, however, welcomes the partial criminalisation approach95. On the contrary, the ECJ
case law on sex work sees sex work as an economic activity which should be regulated without
discrimination96.
Thus, international human rights treaties do not prohibit adult consensual sex work. By the
CEDAW Article 6 ‘exploitation of prostitution’ is prohibited. However, the meaning of
exploitation is not defined in international law, leaving the discretion in a question of whether and
which forms of sexual labour amount to ‘exploitation of prostitution’. It can be interpreted as
gaining any profit from the third person sex work (e. g. brothel-keeping), or pimping only, or
neither, and sometimes interpreted as prohibition of performing any sex work as inherently violent
to women. However, the CEDAW Committee does not support the latter interpretation, calling
for States to abolish criminalising or penalising sex work itself. But while sex work itself in
international human rights law is not prohibited, is there a right to work as a sex worker, and what
are the corresponding obligations of the States?
2.2. Right to work
2.2.1. Background and sources
The right to work is a “core of not only socio-economic rights but also fundamental human
rights”97. It is included in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Article 23(1) provides, that
‘everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions
of work and to protection against unemployment’.
Further, in treaty law, the right to work is expressly set in the ICESCR. Article 6 provides
that the right to work ‘includes the right of everyone to the opportunity to gain his living by work
94

Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly, Committee on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men Report
“Prostitution - which stance to take”, PA CoE No 11352, 09.07.2007.
95
European Parliament resolution “On sexual exploitation and prostitution and its impact on gender equality”, A70071/2014, 26 February 2014.
96
See, for example, Judgment of the Court Rezguia Adoui v Belgian State and City of Liège; Dominique Cornuaille
v Belgian State. Joined cases 115 and 116/81. European Court Reports 1982 -01665, 18 May 1982.
97

Drzewizki, Krzysztof, The Right to Work and Rights in Work, in Eide Asbjorn, Krause Catarina, Rosas Allan
(eds.), Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. A Textbook. Second Revised Edition, Berlin: Springer, 2001, p. 223.

which he freely chooses or accepts’. The CCPR in Article 8 provides the prohibition of forced and
compulsory labour, as well as slavery. The CEDAW reaffirms the right to work as the core human
right in Article 11 paragraphs (a) and (c) and sets the basis for women’s economic empowerment.
The right to work is mentioned in the International Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Racial Discrimination (Article 5, paragraphs (e) and (i)), the Convention on the Rights
of the Child (Article 32).
The right to work is also one of the core rights of the International Convention on the
Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families.
Thus, all main UN international human rights treaties establish the right to work.
The right to work provisions in the regional human rights treaties include: the ESC and the
ESC (Revised) which provides detailed obligations in the field of the right to work and
employment (Articles 1-10 of the ESC expressly set out the right to work and the rights in work,
Articles 15, 18, 19 24-28 provide for various rights in work); the Charter of the Fundamental Rights
of the European Union (Article 15 (1) ‘Everyone has the right to engage in work and to pursue a
freely chosen or accepted occupation’); the African Charter on Human’s and People’s Rights
(Article 15: Every individual shall have the right to work under equitable and satisfactory
conditions, and shall receive equal pay for equal work); the Additional Protocol to the American
Convention on Human Rights in the Area of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (Protocol of
San Salvador) (Article 6 (1) ‘Everyone has the right to work, which includes the opportunity to
secure the means for living a dignified and decent existence by performing a freely elected or
accepted lawful activity’).
The ECHR does not expressly provide for the right to work, but protects some aspects of
work98, and Article 4 of the ECHR contains the prohibition of slavery and forced labour. Article
4(1). ‘No one shall be held in slavery or servitude.’, and 4(2) ‘No one shall be required to perform
forced or compulsory labour.’ The right to form and join trade unions is protected by the freedom
of associations, namely by Article 11 of the ECHR. This gives a possibility to protect this right in
the ECtHR, which has extensive jurisprudence on the matter99.
Finally, the ILO conventions intersect with economic and social human rights in the area
of the right to work and work-related rights. The ILO recommendations and reports, although non98

See, for example, O'Connell, Rory, “The right to work in the ECHR” in European Human Rights Law Review,
2012, pp. 176-190; Mantouvalou, Virginia, “Labour Rights in the European Convention on Human Rights: An
Intellectual Justification for an Integrated Approach to Interpretation”, in Human Rights Law Review, Volume 13,
Issue 3, September 2013, pp. 529–555.
99
See, for example: National Union of Belgian Police v Belgium (App. No 4464/70), 27 October 1975, Danilenkov
and others v Russia (App. No 67336/01), 30 July 2009.

binding, acquired a certain legal weight through the ECtHR case law100: the ECtHR for example
notably refers to the ILO Recommendation No 200 concerning HIV and AIDS and the World

of Work, 2010101. Corresponding with the notion of decent work in CESCR102 interpretation, the
ILO promotes the ‘decent work’ agenda103, which is crucial for contemporary understanding of
the right to work.
The ICESCR Article 6 and the ESC Article 1 notably have a common approach to their
interpretation. As Colm O’Cenneide notes, treaty bodies of the two most important treaties
establishing socio-economic rights, the ICESCR and the ESC, have similar approach to the “scope
and normative content of the right to work which draws upon the provisions of relevant ILO
instruments and other international standards and reflects a shared understanding of the general
substantive parameters of the right.”104
Thus, the right to work has a strong position among other socio-economic rights. Moreover,
it can be seen as a cornerstone for the existence of other socio-economic rights. In the ICESCR the
right to work is listed first in Part III among other rights. The right to work has interconnections
with other economic and social rights, while other rights are often built upon the right to work105.

2.2.2. What is work? Concepts and critique of work as a right
In international human rights law work has more than one dimensions. First, work in
international human rights law is perceived as labour in its economical sense, as a ‘means of
earning a living106‘. As the CESCR General Comment on Article 6 of the ICESCR states, work is

100

Ebert, Franz Christian, Oelz, Martin, “Bridging the gap between labour rights and human rights: The role of
ILO law in regional human rights courts”, working paper, International Institute for Labour Studies, 2012,
avaliable at
https://www.ilo.org/inst/publication/discussion-papers/WCMS_192786/lang--en/index.htm, last approached
01.06.2020.
101
See in Kiyutin v. Russia (App.No 2700/10), 10 March 2011.
102
General Comment No 18 defines decent work as “work that respects the fundamental rights of the human
person as well as the rights of workers in terms of conditions of work safety and remuneration. It also provides an
income allowing workers to support themselves and their families as highlighted in article 7 of the Covenant.
These fundamental rights also include respect for the physical and mental integrity of the worker in the exercise
of his/her employment”. - UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General Comment
No. 18: The Right to Work (Article 6 of the Covenant), UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/18, 6 February 2006, para 7.
103
Supra note 53: Mundlak (2007) p. 349.
104
O’Cinneide, Colm, The Right to Work in International Human Rights Law, in Mantouvalou, Virginia (ed.),
The Right to Work: Legal and Philosophical Perspectives, London: Hart Publishing, 2014, p. 102.
105
Ibid, p.104.
106
Supra note 97: Drzewicki (2001) p. 223

a means of living in dignity and means of survival. In this sense work as a human right is also a
basis ‘essential for realizing other human rights’107.
However, the economical content of work is a traditional approach to labour, but not the
only one108.

The labour for an individual has social content. Work gives a perspective of the

fulfilment of human life and personal realisation109, ‘development and recognition within the
community’110.
Another approach to work is seeing work as an activity that has no value for an
individual111. This discussion is especially important for the research of the right to work with
regard to sex work. It puts the discussion on sex work in a broader context of the nature of labour.
In this critical discourse, it is claimed, that work itself has little value, and it is ‘not something
human rights should strive for112‘, but rather an instrument of earning. In this approach, social and
self-realisation value of work is denied as a myth created by capitalism. In its need of exploitation
of human labour, of making profits by using other people work, the labour has started to be seen
as an inevitable part of being, while, say the critics, it is hardly so. Self-realisation and socialising
may be achieved without work but with acts of creation, community service, craft, etc113. Hugh
Collins names this phenomenon an ‘incoherent value of the right’114
According to these views, work can make obstacles on the way of self-realisation: many
jobs are considered of having less social value, some are degrading, monotonous and makes
individuals a mere function in a mechanism. Thus work has a dehumanising impact on the
individuals, rather than a means to achieve human dignity and sense of self-worth.
Moreover, because of this exaggerated value of work as a universal social need of a person,
‘existing systems overlook the human potential to reduce society’s need to rely on work that people
would prefer not to do if they had a choice115‘.
107

UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General Comment No. 18: The Right to
Work (Article 6 of the Covenant), UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/18, 6 February 2006, para 1.
108
Supra note 97: Drzewicki (2001) p. 223.
109
Ibid.
110
Supra note107.
111
The critique of the right to work appeared as early as in 1883. Paul Lafrauge, a French Marxist political activist
and socialist journalist of Cuban origin, in his work “The Right to Be Lazy” claims, that the right to work is “the
right to misery”, a right to be exploited, and it is not the right to work humans strive for, but the law absolutely
restricting work to three hours a day. Citation by Lafargue, Paul, The Right to Be Lazy, Chicago: Charles Kerr
and Co., Co-operative, 1883, available at https://www.marxists.org/archive/lafargue/1883/lazy/, last accessed
30.04 2020.
112
Supra note 53: Mundlak (2007) p. 342.
113
Bueno, Nicolas. “From the Right to Work to Freedom from Work”, in International Journal of Comparative
Labour Law and Industrial Relations 33 No 4, 2017, p. 464.
114
Collins, Hugh, “Is There a Human Right to Work?”, in Mantouvalou, Virginia (ed.), The Right to Work: Legal
and Philosophical Perspectives, London: Hart Publishing, 2014, p. 20.
115
Supra note 113: Bueno (2017), p. 464.

Thus, while sex work is considered in many discussion as indecent and degrading, however,
it is important to keep in mind that some critics of the right to work consider all work exploitative
and having no social value, and therefore, claiming that ‘freedom from work’ should replace the
widely recognised right to work in human rights law116.
However, the ‘freedom from work’, which can be useful in discussing, for example, the
right to universal basic income, is not supported by human rights law. The mere existence of
‘undesirable jobs117‘, is an insufficient ground for rejection of the right to work. The right to work
is laid out in various legal instruments, briefly observed above. As the CESCR outlimes in its
General Comment No 18, the definition of the right to work reflects “respect for the individual and
his dignity is expressed through the freedom of the individual regarding the choice to work, while
emphasizing the importance of work for personal development as well as for social and economic
inclusion.”118 Moreover, some aspects of the right to work, such as the prohibition of forced labour
and prohibition of discrimination are powerful instruments for workers in ‘undesirable jobs’: the
former provides for protection from being forced into such occupations, while the latter gives equal
access to the labour market and so on. Therefore, acknowledging their right to work can guarantee
sex workers the same level of protection as that accorded to other categories of workers.
Collins suggests, that self-realisation is the core interest of the right to work, that is why the
right to work is not merely an instrumental right, needed for an individual to earn a living119, In
the view of Collins, the stress on self-realisation suggests the limits of this right: the concept of
‘decent work’ and fair and just conditions of work represent important, but separate interest, and
therefore they constitute the separate rights in international human rights law120.
Mundlak, on the contrary, agrees with the CESCR General Comment No 18 position that
‘articles 6, 7 and 8 of the ICESCR (right to work, fair working condition and freedom of
association) are interdependent.’121 Thus, work has two dimensions: 1) to earn a living through it,
and 2) to self-realisation through work. There are no grounds to suggest that sex work is somehow
distinct and lacks both dimensions of work for an individual. Sex work undoubtedly may be seen
as work in international human rights law.

116

Ibid.
Mundlack outlines, that everyone has their own list of undesirable jobs, Supra note 53: Mundlak (2007) p. 360
118
Supra note 107, para 4.
119
Supra note 114: Collins (2014), p. 27.
120
Ibid, p. 38
121
Supra note 53: Mundlak (2007), p. 365.
117

2.2.3. The content of the right to work
The right to freely choose or accept work is an inseparable content of the right to work in
international human rights law, which together with the prohibition of forced labour, nondiscrimination and the concept of ‘decent work’ forms the right to work as one of the core socioeconomic rights.
The discussion about the value of work for the individuals leads us to the concept of ‘freelychosen or accepted’ work, which is considered to be the central element of the right to work. Can
‘non-fulfilling’ work be the subject of choice? Can the economic needs of the individual can be
seen as ‘forcing’ of one to take a job? an individual be seen as circumstances ‘forcing’ one to take
a job in the context of the prohibition of forced labour? Mundlak observes, that the General
Comment No 18 “avoids the difficulty of identifying the narrow boundaries between fulfilling the
right and coercing individuals.”122
According to CESCR General Comment No 18, Article 6 of the ICESCR “encompasses all
forms of work, whether independent work or dependent wage-paid work”123. CESCR equals these
two forms of occupation. However, as Mundlak notes, non-wage labour is excluded from the scope
of international human rights law. He provides two examples: caring reproductive labour and
community service of retired persons124. On the other hand, in the CESCR General Comment No
23 “unpaid workers, such as workers in the home or family enterprises, volunteer workers and
unpaid interns”125 also are mentioned among the persons who have the right to just and favourable
conditions of work and thus are not excluded from the scope of the ICESCR.
The right to freely choose or accept work constructs the main content of the right to work
(however, there is no corresponding obligation to work).126 For example, in the ICESCR, work
should be ‘freely chosen or accepted’. The protocol of San Salvador defines work as ‘freely elected
or accepted lawful activity’. Article 1 (2) of the ESC provides, that the States should ‘protect
effectively the right of the worker to earn his living in an occupation freely entered upon.’ This

122

Ibid.
Supra note 107, para 6.
124
Supra note 53: Mundlak (2007) pp. 352-354.
125
UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General comment No 23 on the right to
just and favourable conditions of work (article 7 of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights), UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/23, 7 April 2016, para 47 (j).
126
Ben Saul, David Kinley, Jaqueline Mowbray, “Article 6: The right to work.”, in The International Covenant
on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Commentary, Cases, and Materials, Oxford University Press, 2014, p.
280.
123

provision is interpreted similarly with the ICESCR Article 6127. Provision of Article 1 (2) overlaps
with the provision of Article 20 of the ESC (the right to equal treatment) and is often used in the
cases broader than those covered by Article 20128. Article 15 of the EU Fundamental Charter
outlines, that occupation should be ‘freely chosen or accepted..
It could be tricky to determine what is considered by the concept of free choice and (or)
acceptance of work. While the concept of ‘forced labour’ is well established in international law
and domestic legislation, with various treaties, comments and case law, the notion of ‘free choice
or acceptance’ is insufficiently discussed.
For this reason, the critics of the right to work go as far as the conclusion, that “although
the right to freely choose work is expressly stated in Article 6(1) ICESCR, this right has no content
in international human rights law”129 and simply replicates the prohibition of forced labour.
Commenting Article 1 (2) of the ESC Drzewicki concludes, that the meaning of this article
which sets an obligation of the States ‘to provide effectively the right of the worker to earn his
living in an occupation freely entered upon’ is prohibition of forced labour and protection from
discrimination130.
Admittedly, prohibition of forced labour is one of the core dimensions of the content of
the right to freely choose work, but the latter is wider than only forced labour prohibition. Further
developing the content of the right to work and the right of free choice of work as Drzewicki
outlines131, there is a positive aspect of the prohibition of the forced labour (the right not to be
forced to work). It is defined as ‘freedom to work’132, so that a person has a right to choose an
occupation and place of performance.
In this line, the CESCR in the General Comment No 18 emphasises, that in the ICESCR,
the obligation of States parties is to provide for the individuals the right to freely chosen or
accepted work, which includes the right not to be deprived of work unfairly133. Further, the
Committee clarifies, that it “underlines the fact that respect for the individual and his dignity is

127

Similar approach to interpretation see in O’Cinneide, supra note 104: O’Cinneide (2014), p. 102, Deakin,
Simon. “Article 1 “The right to work” in Brunn, Niklas, Lörcher, Klaus, Schömann, Isabelle, Clauwaert, Stefan
(Eds.), The European Social Charter and the Employment Relation. Bloomsbery, 2017, pp. 152-153.
128
Supra note 127: Deakin (2017), p. 157.
129
Supra note 113: Bueno (2017), p. 469.
130
Drzewicki Krzysztof. “The European Social Charter and Polish Legislation and Practice” in Drzewicki,
Krzysztof, Krause, Catarina, Rosas, Allan (Eds.), in Social Rights as Human Rights. A European Challenge,
Turku, Institute for Human Rights Åbo Akademi University, 1994, p. 225.
131
Supra note 97: Drzewicki (2001), p. 233.
132
Ibid, p. 233.
133
Supra note 107, para 4.

expressed through the freedom of the individual regarding the choice to work, while emphasising
the importance of work for personal development as well as for social and economic inclusion.”134
The normative content of the freedom to choose or accept work as to the CESCR General
Comment No 18 implies “1) not being forced in any way whatsoever to exercise or engage in
employment and 2) the right of access to a system of protection guaranteeing each worker access
to employment. It also implies 3) the right not to be unfairly deprived of employment.”135
Not only anti-work scholars notice the uncertainty in the right to freely choose work.
O’Cinneide claims, that “some element of choice in how one disposes of labour is generally
assumed to be included within the scope of the right”136, but there are questions of how farreaching is this right, and what limits it has.
Deakin interprets Article 1 of the ESC as a whole as a “right to access labour market”137,
pointing out, that labour relations can be seen as essentially market relations. With regard to sex
workers, since many of them are self-occupied, the approach to the right to work as deriving from
market relations may be fruitful, as such an approach presumes choice and agency for sex workers
without possible overregulation of the sphere of sex work. However, the right to work does not
mean the obligation of the State to provide work for all, or obligation of the employer to hire a
worker. The right to work “should not be understood as an absolute and unconditional right to
obtain employment.”138
Non-discrimination is the other essential element of the right to freely choose work. In the
General Comment No 18, the CESCR underlines, that non-discrimination and equal protection of
employment are the core obligations of the State under Article 6 of the ICESCR139. First, according
to the CESCR, the States have to provide the “right of access to employment, especially for
disadvantaged and marginalized individuals and groups, permitting them to live a life of
dignity.”140 Further, the Committee underlines, that the ICESCR prohibits measures resulting in
discrimination, especially of disadvantaged and marginalised individuals and groups, or to weaken
their protection.141 Finally, the national employment strategy “should target disadvantaged and
marginalized individuals and groups’ and have the progress benchmarks to review and

134

Ibid.
Supra note 107, para 6.
136
Supra note 104: O’Cinneide (2014), p. 100.
137
Supra note 127: Deakin (2017).
138
Supra note 107, para 6
139
Ibid, para 31
140
Ibid, para 31 (a)
141
Ibid, para 31 (b)
135

measure.”142 The ICESCR prohibits discrimination in “access to the labour market or to means
and entitlements for obtaining employment”143 if the purpose of such discrimination is weakening
of the principle of equal enjoyment of socio-economic rights. Moreover, the right to nondiscrimination in Article 2(2) of the ICESCR should be implemented by the States immediately
and the principle of progressive implementation is not applicable.144
The European Court of Justice case law has a notable approach to non-discrimination of
sex workers, who did not enjoy the same right of free movement as other persons of the EC (EU),
or “Put simply, free movement of persons did not apply equally to all persons.”145
In a key case on the matter, Adoui and Cornuaille v Belgium146 (1982), the ECJ established,
that the sex workers who are nationals of other member states have to be treated the same as the
sex workers who are nationals of the state. Thus, “under Community law all EU nationals who are
sex workers are to be accorded the same rights and social benefits as those of the host member
state.”147 Further, in Jany and Others vs. the Netherlands148, the ECJ reaffirmed this approach and
also found prostitution as ‘economic activity149‘, and refers to the women in sex work as ‘selfemployed’. It must be noted, that the freedom of movement is only applicable to sex workers –
nationals of the EU member States and thus the ECJ decisions on sex work are not applicable to
non-EU nationals. However, discrimination with regard to sex workers who are non-nationals in
the Netherlands the State interferes on migrant persons’ sex work: “prostitution is the only kind of
work for which a legal prohibition on the issue of working permits exists.”150 Other violation of
non-discrimination clause arouses when the legislation on sex work puts migrant sex workers in a
disadvantageous position in comparison with sex workers who are nationals. For example, the
CEDAW Committee in Concluding observation on the Netherlands (2010) expressed concers on
the issue of sex work.151 The CEDAW Committee pointed out, that the compulsory registration of

142

Ibid, para 31 (c)
Ibid, para 33
144
Ibid, para 33
145
Chou, Meng-Hsuan, “The Free Movement of Sex Workers in the European Union: Excluding the Excluded”,
in Luedtke, Adam (Ed.), Migrants and Minorities: the European Response, Cambridge Scholars Press, 2010, p.
104
146
Rezguia Adoui v Belgian State and City of Liège; Dominique Cornuaille v Belgian State. Joined cases 115 and
116/81. European Court Reports 1982 -01665, 18 May 1982.
147
Supra note 145: Chou (2010), p. 112.
148
Aldona Malgorzata Jany and Others v Staatssecretaris van Justitie. Case C-268/99, European Court Reports
2001 I-08615, 20 November 2001.
149
Ibid, para 50.
150
Pitcher, Jane, Wijers, Marjan, “The impact of different regulatory models on the labour conditions, safety and
welfare of indoor-based sex workers”, in Criminology and Criminal Justice, 14 (5), 2014, p. 558.
151
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women. The
Netherlands, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/NLD/CO/5, 5 February 2010, paras 27-30
143

sex workers can increase vulnerability of sex workers “who are not able or not willing to register
by worsening their working conditions and exacerbating their social exclusion”152, especially of
of migrant sex workers, and thus needs to be reassessed153 . In the following Concluding
observations on the Netherlands (2016), the Committee stresses out that the State should control
“municipal authorities are closely monitored to ensure that they do not illegally enforce the
registration of women in prostitution.154
The CESCR outlines various obligations of the State with the right to freely choose or
accept work under Article 6 of the ICESCR. In the core of duty to respect the right to work lie
prohibition of forced labour, prohibition of discrimination, and the refraining with the interfering
into the individuals’ free disposal of labour. Duty to protect the right to work is the protection of
individuals from non-state actors’ forced labour and discrimination. Duty to fulfil the right to work
includes the implementation of progressive measures assisting the realisation of this right. Inter
alia, the state should be aimed at decent work which is, among other things, means the fulfilment
of the right to just and favourable conditions of work155. This is crucial for sex work and other jobs
which are considered ‘undesirable’ because people who are economically pressed into stigmatised
occupation need extra protection. At the same time, the State should provide vocational training
and programmes aimed to change employment for those who wish to leave sex work156.
Thus, the right to freely choose work is complex and cannot be seen as just the prohibition
of forced labour. Its content is 1) prohibition of forced labour, 2) the free choice of an individual
to dispose of one’s labour, 3) free access to the employment system and labour market, 4) nondiscrimination, 5) no unfair deprivation of work. Separately it should be noted that the State should
aim to decent work and safe and favourable conditions of work.

2.2.4. Between freely-chosen work and forced labour
But which work is considered to be taken upon ‘freely’ and which is considered to be
‘forced’? If work, including sex work, is taken under the economic pressure and need to earn a
152

Ibid, para 30.
Ibid.
154
CEDAW Committee Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of the Netherlands, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/NLD/CO/6, 24 November 2016, para 30 (c).
153

155

Supra note 107, para 7.
Supra note 107, para 27: “The obligation to fulfil (facilitate) the right to work requires States parties, inter alia,
to take positive measures to enable and assist individuals to enjoy the right to work and to implement technical
and vocational education plans to facilitate access to employment.”
156

living, can it be considered forced and thus illegal under international human rights law? Under
the ILO Forced Labour Convention No 29 (1930), Article 2(1), “forced or compulsory labour
shall mean all work or service which is exacted from any person under the menace of any penalty
and for which the said person has not offered himself voluntarily.” The Protocol of 2014 to the
Forced Labour Convention (1930) in its Preamble mentions, that forced and compulsory labour
“violates the human rights and dignity of millions of women and men, girls and boys, contributes
to the perpetuation of poverty and stands in the way of the achievement of decent work for all”,
and further states the obligations of Member States in combatting forced or compulsory labour,
stressing out the vulnerable categories, like migrants, to be paid special attention to. Together with
the ILO No 105 Abolition of Forced Labour Convention No 105 (1957) and other core ILO
Conventions, the ILO has a strong normative basis with regards to forced labour. In the CCPR,
ICESCR and the ESC forced labour is not expressly defined. The CESCR General Comment No
18 refers to the ILO forced and Compulsory Labour convention definition.157 Article 4 (2) of the
ECHR provides prohibition of forced and compulsory labour without giving a definition of such.
The ECtHR in its case law with regard to Article 4(2) also refers to the ILO Conventions and
extensive ILO practical guides, reports and other forms of ILO work on forced labour158.
In the ILO Global Report on Forced Labour, the ILO states, that forced labour does not
equate “simply with low wages or poor working conditions. Nor does it cover situations of pure
economic necessity, as when a worker feels unable to leave a job because of the real or perceived
absence of employment alternatives”159.
Article 2(1) of the ILO Convention No 29 defines forced labour as follows: “the term forced
or compulsory labour shall mean all work or service which is exacted from any person under the
menace of any penalty and for which the said person has not offered himself voluntarily”. The
‘penalty’ in this definition, as the ILO itself comments in the ILO Global Report on Forced Labour
160

, can exist not only in the direct form of penal sanctions but also includes loss of rights and

privileges. Various forms may include physical violence, restraint, death threats. Physiological
forms of menace like threats to denounce victims to the police and immigration authorities; to the
village elders for the girls forced to prostitution in cities, confiscation of identity papers. Finally,
financial penalties, debts, are also seen as covered by the Convention definition161.
157

Supra note 107, para 9.
See, for example, C.N. and V. v. France, (App. No 67724/09), 11.10.2010, paras 52, 77.
159
The cost of coercion. Global Report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and
Rights at Work, International Labour Conference. 98th Session 2009, Geneva, ILO Publications, 2009, p. 5.
160
Ibid.
161
Ibid.
158

The second element of the definition of the forced labour in the ILO Convention No 29 is
the absence of individual’s free consent to the labour (‘voluntary offer’). ILO notes, that entering
the labour by choice is not itself a sign of voluntary labour162. The consent may be obtained by
deception, fraud. The consent may be withdrawn later, with continuing coercion of legal, physical
or psychological nature. Thus, economic factors, poor working conditions and other pressing
factors taken alone do not constitute forced labour. The ECtHR jurisprudence goes in line with the
ILO approach.
In the ECtHR case V. T. v France163, the applicant addressed Paris social-security and
family-allowance contributions agency (the URSSAF) to be registered as a self-employed
decorator. It was a part of a scheme designed to enable her to leave sex work, and the applicant
was assisted by an NGO ’campaigning to put an end to prostitution’164. As a result of a given
statement, in which the applicant sad she was working in ‘prostitution’, due to the French social
security law, the URSSAF then demanded the applicant as a person having an ‘unspecified
occupation’ to pay the contributions for several years into the agency and charged her also for late
payments, which amounted to more than 38 000 Euro. The applicant challenged the amount in
domestic courts but failed, and addressed the ECtHR, implying that the demand of the payments
required from her as a result of applicant’s decision to exit sex work amounts to the violation by
the State of Article 3 of the ECHR – Prohibition of inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment,
and Article 4 - Prohibition of slavery and forced labour. Her argument was, that she was obviously
unable to pay the requested amount earning a living by any other occupation than sex work, and
thus the state was forcing her back to sex work in order to be able to cope with these payments,
which resulted in the violation of Article 3 and Article 4 of the ECHR. The French authorities
admitted, that the collection of such contributions is actually making reintegration more difficult.
However, the conclusion of the ECtHR was the following:
‘The Court has no doubt that the applicant's obligation to pay these recurring debts made it difficult
to stop prostitution, from which she derived her only income, and hindered her reintegration project. The
Court is also sensitive to the undeniable difficulties of the applicant's situation.
However, this is not enough to convince the Court that the applicant is justified in claiming that she
is therefore forced to continue prostitution. First of all, it goes without saying that neither the URSSAF nor
any other body or authority ever demanded that she finances the payment of the premiums and surcharges
claimed for the pursuit by the means of prostitution. Next, the applicant does not provide any concrete

162

Ibid.
V. T. v France, (app. NO 37194/02), 16 MAY 2006
164
ibid, section A.
163

evidence which shows that she was unable to finance the payment of the surcharges and premiums by other
means. Finally, even if the URSSAF has shown a lack of flexibility by systematically sending her payment
orders until January 1999 - whereas her state of distress and her difficulties in fulfilling the payments were
fairly clear from the fact that she, almost invariably, challenged the payment orders before the courts..’165

Thus, the ECtHR did not find the violation of the ECHR in economical pressure by the
authorities on the person wishing to leave sex work, and no violations of neither Article 3, nor
Article 4166 of the ECHR, stating, that the actions of the State (demands of payments) do not
constitute forced or compulsory labour in the sense of article 4 (2) of the ECHR167
In an inadmissibility decision, Schuitemaker v the Netherlands the ECtHR found that the
threat of losing unemployment benefits also does not amount to the violation of Article 4 of the
ECHR168. In the applicant’s view, she was forced to look for employment and accept it if it is
generally accepted rather than suitable for her, a philosopher by profession, “and that this may
result in her having to accept employment unsuitable to her. She submits that the introduction of
such a new requirement compels her to perform forced or compulsory labour.”169
The ECtHR pointed out, that the State is entitled to lay down conditions within the system
of social security and “a condition to the effect that a person must make demonstrable efforts in
order to obtain and take up generally accepted employment cannot be considered unreasonable in
this respect”170 for the reason that the Dutch legislation provides for the recipient of unemployment
benefits is not required to enter work “which is not generally socially accepted or in respect of
which they have conscientious objections.”171 Thus, the ECtHR stated, that possible loss of
unemployment benefits upon the refusal of an unsuitable job “cannot be equated with compelling
a person to perform forced or compulsory labour within the meaning of Article 4 § 2 of the
Convention.”172
In the light of the above, it is hard to agree with the position, that no difference should be
made between trafficking, forced prostitution and voluntary sex work, expressed by the European
Parliament Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality. The Committee notes, that
“financial desperation can also lead women into prostitution,”173, and sees economic reasons for

165

Ibid, para 33. Translation from French ed. by Michel D. Rouleau.
Ibid, paras 34, 35.
167
Ibid, para 35.
168
Schuitemaker v the Netherlands (App. No 15906/08), 04 May 2010, p. 4.
169
ibid.
170
ibid.
171
ibid.
172
ibid.
173
Supra note 95, paras 47-49, explanatory statement.
166

sex work as ‘economic coercion’174 Hence, in the Committee’s view, there is no difference
between an economic reasoning of an individual working woman for sex work and ‘coertion’.
Thus the economic reasoning for sex work is seen rather as forced labour or exploitation of
prostitution in the sense of Article 6 of CEDAW.
However, while freely-chosen sex work is not forced labour or exploitation of prostiturion
itself, the percectution and punishment of the actual cases of forced labour is a positive obligation
of the States. Under the ICESCR, the prohibition of forced labour is a fulfilment of the State duty
to respect the right to freely choose work; and prohibition of forced and compulsory labour for
non-state actors is a part of the State duty to protect this right.175 Consequently, the failure of the
State to meet both obligations can result in the violation of the right to work for the individuals.
The ECSR, too, interprets Article 1(2) of the ESC as prohibition of forced labour in an extensive
way, broadening the spectrum of the forced labour to precarious and exploitative jobs.176 The
ECtHR in the notable case of Rantsev v Cyprus and Russia states, that the failure of the State to
address trafficking for the purposes of sexual exploitation is the violation of Article 4 of the
ECHR177. Since the positive obligation of the State set in Article 4 of the ECHR (Prohibition of
slavery and forced labour) is similar to the positive obligation of the State under Article 1(2) of
the ESC and of Article 6 of the ICESCR, the failure to address trafficking in human beings thus
violates the latter, too. Therefore, for research on the right to work under certain model of
regulation of sex work, it is relevant to look ino the issue of how the model under question
influences the obligations of the State with regard to human trafficking.
Thus, for sex workers’ economic and social rights it is crucial to separate voluntary sexual
labour from forced labour and human trafficking. Forced labour in international human rights law
is a well-established concept, and if work is missing the features of forced labour as it is defined
in the ILO conventions and trafficking conventions, it is is considered voluntary. However,
prohibition of forced labour is a negative aspect of the right to freely choose work, and as such it
is relevant to explore what impact the model of regulation of sex work has on the obligations of
the States with regard to this aspect of the right to work.

174

Ibid.
Supra note 107, paras 23, 24.
176
Supra note 127: Deakin (2017), pp. 158-159.
177
Among others, the Court stated, that “The absence of an express reference to trafficking in the Convention is
unsurprising (...) in assessing the scope of Article 4 of the Convention, sight should not be lost of the Convention’s
special features of the fact that it is a living instrument which must be interpreted in the light of present-day
conditions.”Rantsev v. Cyprus and Russia, (App. No. 25965/04), 07 January 2010, para 277.
175

2.2.5. The concept of decent work
Work in the scope of the right to work must be ‘decent work’. The ICESCR General
Comment No 8, paragraph 7 defines it as ‘work that respects the fundamental rights of the human
person, as well as the right of workers in terms of conditions of work safety and remuneration’.
Other requirements to ‘decent work’ include an income sufficient for the workers and their family
members, and respect for the physical and mental integrity of the workers. The ILO outlines the
following features of ‘decent work’:
‘“The concept is situated at the convergence of four fundamental principles and rights at
work: freedom of association and collective bargaining; elimination of forced or
compulsory labour; child labour178; and discrimination179. Decent Work also embodies a
commitment to promote opportunities for women and men to obtain decent and
productive work, in conditions of freedom, equality, safety, fair income, and human
dignity.”180

Moreover, only ‘decent work’ in its broad sense is sufficient for the full realisation of the
individuals right to choose work. Since one of the features of socio-economic rights is progressive
realisation181, the State should be aimed at providing decent work for all.
Using legal instruments, it is not possible to define sex work per se as decent or indecent.
A lot depends on the efforts of the States within domestic legislation in creating legal instruments
for protection and promotions of sex workers rights, elimination of violence, elimination of
poverty so fewer sex workers could find themselves occupied at sex work as a ‘measure of last
resort’.
Also, the absence of ‘perfect’ work for an individual, which is yet not possible even in the
developed and prosperous countries with great respect for human rights (for example, the Nordic
countries), does not automatically construct all other work as forced, or somehow diminishes other
work-related rights.

178

Prohibition of child labour.
Prohibition of discrimination.
180
ILO Summary Study Report: “Viet Nam’s Sex Industry – A Labour Right Perspective”, ILO publications, 16
September 2016, available at https://www.ilo.org/hanoi/Whatwedo/Publications/WCMS_524918/lang-en/index.htm, last approached 05.05.2020, para 1.
181
The CESCR descrives progressive realisation as follows: “The concept of progressive realization constitutes a
recognition of the fact that full realization of all economic, social and cultural rights will generally not be able to
be achieved in a short period of time. In this sense the obligation differs significantly from that contained in article
2 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights which embodies an immediate obligation to respect
and ensure all of the relevant rights”. CESCR General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties’ Obligations
(Art. 2, Para. 1, of the Covenant), UN Doc. E/1991/23, 14 December 1990.
179

The ILO points out, that decent work, however, is hardly achievable without the States
efforts, e. g. in the informal economy. In it’s non-binding Recommendation “Transition from the
Informal to the Formal Economy” No 204 (2015), the ILO calls for the States to make efforts in
transferring informal economy to formal.182 Based on the ILO assessment, it is evident that shifting
sex work to ‘decent work’ can only happen when sex work will be recognised out of the informal
economy.
This puts the criminalisation and partial criminalisation models in the position when the
‘decent work’ is not achievable. If the State criminalises sex workers for services, or all activities
surrounding sex work, including the buyer, it squeezes sex workers into the informal sector instead
of doing the opposite.
However, Articles 6, 7 and 8 of the ICESCR are interdependent, and, as mentioned above,
the States obligation to fulfil in the context of the right to work implies promoting decent work
and aiming for decent work; hence criminalising sex workers or purchasers means that the State
does not meet the obligation to fulfil the right to work.
With sex work, the decent work agenda means the fulfilment of the right to just and
favourable conditions of works.
Another crucial step of the State is providing sex workers opportunities and programmes
for different occupation than sex work, so that sex work would actually become a chosen
occupation rather the measure of last resort. Thus, same the State should provide vocational
training and programmes aimed to change employment for those who find sex work undesirable.
2.2.6. The right to vocational training as an element of the right to work and freely
choose work
There is an obligation of the State to implement employment policies and measures fighting
unemployment. Technical and vocational training is a part of this obligation.
The right to work includes the right to choose (seek) another occupation, and the States are
obliged to provide assistance in realising of this choice. CESCR General Comment No 18
underlines, that “national employment strategy must take particular account of the need to

182

Although the Recommendation is non-binding, the certain legal weight to it is given by the CESCR pointing
out that ‘women are overrepresented in informal economy’, refers to the abovementioned Recommendations: “See
also the guidance to States on how to adopt measures to promote workers’rights and social protection in the
informal economy while encouraging a transition to the formal economy, provided in the ILO Recommendation,
Transition from the Informal to the Formal Economy No 204, 2015. “CESCR General comment No 24 on State
obligations under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in the context of business
activities, UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/24, 10 August 2017, footnote 27.

eliminate discrimination in access to employment. It must ensure equal access to economic
resources and to technical and vocational training”183. The failure of the State to introduce
vocational training is a violation of the duty to fulfil the rights provided in Article 6 ICESCR.
CESCR General Comment No 18 names ‘equal access to work and training’ as one of the
obligations of the State. 184
In the ESC, the right to vocational guidance and vocational training are set in an extensive
manner in Article 9 and 10.
In absence of international treaties or ILO Conventions setting specific obligations of the
States with regard to sex workers, UNAIDS guidelines on sex workers can help to understand the
content of the States’ obligations covered in Articles 6 and 7 of the ICESCR towards sex workers.
When the State provides employment for sex workers, they “should have access to a meaningful
and comprehensive set of alternatives to sex work that respond to workers’ individual
circumstances. In devising meaningful alternatives to sex work, programmes should address drug
dependency, family rejection, mental health and legal problems”185. Alternative employment and
means of living should be brought to sex workers in a practical manner. The guideline sets such
examples as jobs, cash grants, vocational and skills training.
2.2.7. Permissible limitations
The ICESCR Article 4 sets the possibility of “limitations determined by law only in so far
as this may be compatible with the nature of these rights and solely for the purpose of promoting
the general welfare in a democratic society”. Under the ICESCR limitations are permitted for the
sole purpose of ‘general welfare’.
The Limburg Principles on Implementation of the ICESCR, an interpretative instrument of
the Covenant186 provide for the national laws limiting certain rights shall not be arbitrary or
unreasonable or discriminatory187.

183

Supra note 107, para 44.
Ibid., para 36.
185
UNAIDS Guidance note on HIV and sex work (updated April 2012), UN Doc. UNAIDS/09.09E / JC1696E,
2012, available at https://www.unaids.org/en/resources/documents/2012/20120402_UNAIDS-guidance-noteHIV-sex-work, last approached 07.01.2020.
186
UN Commission on Human Rights, Note verbale dated 5 December 1986 from the Permanent Mission of the
Netherlands to the United Nations Office at Geneva addressed to the Centre for Human Rights ("Limburg
Principles"), UN Doc. E/CN.4/1987/17, 8 January 1987.
187
Ibid, para 49
184

The ‘general welfare’ as a legitimate aim of the restrictions should be seen as furthering the
well-being of the people as a whole188. In comparison with the ESC, or with the ICCPR limitation
clause, the ‘legitimate aim’ set in the ICESCR seems narrow. As Müller observes, when the
ICESCR was drafted, restrictions on core socio-economic rights for the reasons of ‘public morals’
or ‘public order’ were left out as unjust.189
‘Democratic society’, in the ICESCR is commonly defined as a society meeting the human
rights set in the UDHR190. Finally, “the restriction "compatible with the nature of these rights"
requires that a limitation shall not be interpreted or applied so as to jeopardize the essence of the
right concerned”191. Generally, the approach to Article 4 limitations is somewhat similar with the
approach to the ECHR: limitations should be proportional to the legitimate aim of the
restrictions192, which includes the requirement of the adequacy of the measure to the aim perused
and the implemented measures should be as lenient as they can be193. However, it is believed, that
the States do not have the broad ‘margin of appreciation’ as in the ECtHR jurisprudence
interpretations of limitations194.
Article G of the ESC (Revised) has a broader limitation clause: limitations are possible if
they ‘are prescribed by law and are necessary in a democratic society for the protection of the
rights and freedoms of others or for the protection of public interest, national security, public
health, or morals.’
The example of implementation of the limitations of the right to work may be found in the
European Committee of Social Rights approach. In Conclusions 2016 (Albania), the ECSR
indicates, that the restriction on the right set out in Article 1(2) ESC should be “prescribed by law,
serve a legitimate purpose and are necessary in a democratic society for the protection of the rights
and freedoms of others or for the protection of public interest, national security, public health or
morals.” 195 Thus, the ban of non-nationals from the jobs may only be if the performing public
authority at work is connected with national security and public interest.

188

Ibid, para 51
Müller, Amrei, “Limitations to and Derogations from Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, Human Rights
Law Review, Volume 9, Issue 4, 2009, p. 570.
190
Supra note 186, para 55
191
Ibid, para 56
192
Supra note 126: Saul, Kinley, Mowbray (2014), pp. 253 – 256.
193
Supra note 189: Müller (2009), p. 584.
194
Supra note 126: Saul, Kinley, Mowbray (2014), p. 256.
195
European Committee of Social Rights, Conclusions 2012 - Albania - Article 1-2 Doc. ID
2012/def/ALB/1/2/EN, para 1.
189

With regard to the right to work, namely to the freedom of choice of occupation, work and
places of performance, Drzhewicki points out, that these freedoms are already construed with
regard to the principle of proportionality and necessity, and therefore they may contain “certain
restrictions or even aspects of compulsion”196. Among these restrictions are the ‘inherent
requirements’ to the job itself or the States security concerns. Also, as Drzhewicki notes, the
limitations with regard to the freedom of choice of occupation can be put in place for the purpose
of protection of vulnerable categories of workers, e,g, children or, in certain jobs, women.197
However, restrictions discussed above, are applicable to negative obligations of the States
not to interfere with the rights set out in respective treaties. The negative obligation of the State to
respect free choice of occupation are set in the ICESCR and the ESC. The CESCR notes, that “The
obligation to respect the right to work requires States parties to refrain from interfering directly or
indirectly with the enjoyment of that right.”198
Since sex work now is a part of global economy - in other words, many of sex workers
worldwide are migrants199, and the approach that the jobs limitations described above in domestic
legislation can exist only in the way the ECSR suggests, is important for sex work especially. In
various countries sex work is only permitted for nationals, which sometimes is seen as an
unjustified interference with the right to work and the violation of the non-discrimination in an
access to labour market.
The mentioned conclusions of the ECSR contain an important argument in favour of the
concept that the free choice of work is not merely the prohibition of forced labour, but a separate
element of the right to work. When the unemployment benefits are paid under the condition to take
up offered employment, “in certain cases and under certain circumstances the loss of
unemployment benefits on grounds of refusal to accept offered employment could amount,
indirectly, to a restriction on the freedom to work and as such the situation would be assessed
under Article 1§2.”200 Thus the interference of the State restricting free choice of sex work shoukd
be carefully assessed on permissibility of such limitations according to the provisions of the
respective treaties.
Finally, as Drzhewitski notes, “Human rights law and labour law have also dealt with other
restrictions of enjoyment of freedom to work, predominantly in conjunction with discrimination
196

Supra note 97: Drzewicki (2001), p. 233-234.
Ibid, p. 234.
198
Supra note 107, para. 22.
199
Supra note 97: Drzewicki (2001), p. 235.
200
Supra note 195.
197

criteria."201 Tharefore, states Drzewicki, the freedom of choice of work, occupation and the
place of performance needs strengthened protection from the State by using the remedies which
are available for civil rights and ‘equal opportunities’ 202
With the respect of sex work, it is tempting to establish whether the States’ limitations to
the right to ‘earn a living by a freely chosen work or occupation’ directly by prohibiting
(criminalising or penalising) sex work, or indirectly, by prohibiting purchase of sexual services or
renting apartments to sex workers could be justified under the provisions of the ICECSR and the
ESC. This will be assessed in the respective chapters on national models.
2.3. Right to just and favourable conditions of work
The right to work in Article 6 ICESCR is inseparable of Article 7 on the right of just and
favourable conditions of work. As has been discussed earlier in this chapter, only work complying
with Article 7 may be non-exploitative decent work. Drzewicki provides classification of the rights
that constitute the normative content of the right to work and the rights in work203. According to
this classification, some of the rights set in Article 7 are ‘the rights derivative of employment
relationship’204. The rights in Article 7 include the right to fair remuneration, safe and healthy
conditions of work, equality in promotion, and the right to rest and leisure. The ESC provides a
wider and more detailed list of rights and States’ obligations. Articles 2, 3 and 4 set the rights on
just conditions of work, fair remuneration, safe and healthy working conditions. Numerous ILO
Conventions relate to the same matter205.
In the CESCR General Comment No 23, the Committee outlines, that the right set in Article
7 concerns everyone, including self-employed workers, workers of informal sector in all settings.

201

Supra note 97: Drzewicki (2001), p. 235.
Ibid, p 227.
203
Ibid.
204
Ibid.
205
The CESCR General Comment No 23 identified the following ILO conventions as relevant: Hours of Work
(Industry) Convention, 1919 (No. 1); Weekly Rest (Industry) Convention, 1921 (No. 14); Minimum Wage-Fixing
Machinery Convention, 1928 (No. 26); Hours of Work (Commerce and Offices) Convention, 1930 (No. 30); FortyHour Week Convention, 1935 (No. 47); Protection of Wages Convention, 1949 (No. 95); Minimum Wage Fixing
Machinery (Agriculture) Convention, 1951 (No. 99); Equal Remuneration Convention, 1951 (No. 100); Weekly
Rest (Commerce and Offices) Convention, 1957 (No. 106); Discrimination (Employment and Occupation)
Convention, 1958 (No. 111); Minimum Wage Fixing Convention, 1970 (No. 131); Holidays with Pay Convention
(Revised), 1970 (No. 132); Minimum Age Convention, 1973 (No. 138); Hours of Work and Rest Periods (Road
Transport) Convention, 1979 (No. 153); Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 1981 (No. 155); Protocol of
2002 to the Occupational Safety and Health Convention, 1981; Workers with Family Responsibilities Convention,
1981 (No. 156); Night Work Convention, 1990 (No. 171); Part-Time Work Convention, 1994 (No. 175); Maternity
Protection Convention, 2000 (No. 183); Convention concerning the Promotional Framework for Occupational
Safety and Health, 2006 (No. 187); and Domestic Workers Convention, 2011 (No. 189).
202

206

It also states, that the list of rights is non-exhaustive, and includes freedom from violence and

harassment, including sexual harassment, paid maternity, paternity and parental leave (in the ESC
these rights are set explicitly, as the revised ESC text is more recent). This approach is connected
with the fact that labour has evolved since the time of drafting of the ICESCR, the new challenges
are addressed.
The right to safe and healthy conditions of work when seen through sex work paradigm
implies such safety of a worker from abuse, sanitary facilities, access to condoms, health and safety
information and trainings207. The issue of a special importance for sex workers is the HIV
prevention on the workplace. The ILO Recommendation No 200 on HIV and AIDS suggests that
the States should adapt HIV-prevention programmes, which include accessible information on
HIV, occupational health and safety, encouraging of voluntary HIV tests, access to means of
prevention (condoms and post-exposure measures, and harm-reducing strategies.208
As for the workers in the informal economy, CESCR General Comment No 23 outlines,
that they are often “excluded from (…) legal protection, support and safeguards”209 while namely
“women are often overrepresented in the informal economy, for example, as casual workers, home
workers or own-account workers, which in turn exacerbates inequalities in areas such as
remuneration, health and safety, rest, leisure and paid leave.”210 States in general lack the system
of monitoring and protection of informal economy workers’ rights. Special legislative measures
should exist also for migrant workers, who, due to possible undocumented status, lack of
knowledge skills or information about their rights are “vulnerable to exploitation, long working
hours, unfair wages and dangerous and unhealthy working environments”.
The uncertainty in the notion of exploitation of prostitution which is prohibited in CEDAW
(discussed above in chapter 2.1) creates the situation when national legislation may prohibit any
employment of sex-workers apart from self-employment, under the threat of punishment to the
employer if the latter employs sex workers, regardless of the conditions of work.
This is what happens under criminalisation and partial criminalisation models. Thus, often
sex workers are pushed to be self-occupied. For self-employed workers it is crucial, as CESCR
General Comment No 23 notes, that if the workers are “unable to earn a sufficient income, such
206

Supra note 125, para 2.
Community Report by International Committee on the Rights of Sex Workers in Europe: Social and institutional
oppression experienced by sex workers in Europe, available at
http://www.sexworkeurope.org/sites/default/files/userfiles/files/ICRSE%20CR%20StrctrlViolence-final.pdf,
approached 02.01.2020.
208
ILO Recommendation No 200 concerning HIV and AIDS and the World of Work, 2010.
209
Supra note 125, para 47 (d)
210
Ibid, para 47 (a).
207

workers should have access to appropriate support measures”211. Maternity insurance,
occupational health and safety measures, awareness of the importance of rest and limitations on
the working time should be also in place for self-employed workers.
Detailed obligations of the State on the right on safe and healthy conditions of work are
provided by Article 7 of the ICESCR and the ESC Article 3. The State should adopt and implement
a coherent national policy on heath and safety on workplace, working conditions, working
environment, occupational health and safety. Such policies should be supervised and reviewed
periodically. Special occupational work and health regulation should be adopted by the States and
enforced. Finally, the State should promote the progressive realisation of health and safe working
conditions.
The ECSR early connects the right to safe and healthy working conditions with the right to
personal integrity, stating, that the right of everyone to a safe and healthy working environment
is a “widely recognised principle, stemming directly from the right to personal integrity,
one of the fundamental principles of human rights”212. And “The purpose of Article 3 is thus
directly related to that of Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which
recognises the right to life. It applies to the whole economy, covering both the public and private
sectors.”213
However, under criminalisation and partial criminalisation models, as the UN Special
Rapporteur on the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical
and mental health notes, that sex work criminalisation interferes with the enjoyment of the right to
health “by creating barriers to access by sex workers to health services and legal remedies. When
sex workers are not recognized as engaging in legitimate work, they are not recognized by standard
labour laws in many countries.”214
In the content of the right to safe and healthy conditions of work, a special place is given to
freedom from harassment, including sexual harassment, as the General Comment No 23 explains,
is also covered by Article 7 of the ICESCR. “Legislation, .. should define harassment broadly,
with explicit reference to sexual and other forms of harassment, such as on the basis of sex,
disability, race, sexual orientation, gender identity and intersex status.”215 Sex workers, due to

211

Ibid, para 47 (g).
European Committee of Social Rights, Conclusions I, Statement of interpretation – Article 3, No I_Ob_11/Ob/EN, 31/05/1969.
213
European Social Charter Governmental Committee, Report concerning Conclusions 2017 of the European
Social Charter (Revised), No GC(2018)24, 31 January 2019, para 20.
214
Supra note 92, para 43.
215
Supra note 125, para 48
212

nature of work, are persons who have high risks of harassment at the workplace. The ILO Violence
and Harassment Convention No 190 (2019)216 introduces a list of measures needed from the States
to eliminate workplace harassment. Among these are: legislative prohibition of violence and
harassment, relevant policies, comprehensive strategy combatting violence and harassment, victim
support, education and trainings, inspection and investigation of cases of violence and
harassment217.
Thus with respect to the right to just and favourable condirions of work for sex workers
under the ICESCR and the ESC, the main obligations of the States are not to create obstacles,
which would lead to decrease of safety at the workplace, and to introduce legislation and policies
to maximise the well-being of sex workers.
2.4. Right to unionise and to bargain collectively
Among other work-related rights, the right to unionise with regard to sex workers seem to
have a huge importance218. Due to the stigma and underrepresentation, sex workers are the ones to
have the voice and agency to protect their rights. “The major ‘problems’ of prostitution for the
workers are exploitation, stigma, abuse and criminalization. These are not unique to the industry,
and can only be tackled effectively by the self-organization of sex workers into unions and rights
groups, along with full decriminalization.”219
The right to form or join a trade union to promote and protect economic and social interest
is set in Article 8 of the ICESCR and Article 5 of the ESC. In the CESCR General Comments No
7, it is said, that “the right of everyone to form trade unions and join the trade union of his/her
choice as well as the right of trade unions to function freely” is a collective dimension of the right
to work.220 Supposedly, sex workers unions efforts can be an effective way to reduce human
trafficking.221
216

As of 08.06.2020 has not yet entered into force.
C190 - Violence and Harassment Convention, 2019 (No. 190), Article 4 (2). As of 01.01.2020 has not yet been
ratified and has not yet entered into force.
218
See, for example: Jackson, Crystal A., "Sex Worker Rights Organizing as Social Movement Unionism:
Responding to the Criminalization of Work" (2013). UNLV Theses, Dissertations, Professional Papers, and
Capstones. 1844, available at https://digitalscholarship.unlv.edu/thesesdissertations/1844, last approached
13.01.2020.
219
Kilvington, Judith, Day, Sophie, Ward, Helen, “Prostitution Policy in Europe: A Time of Change?”, in Feminist
Review No. 67 (1)., 2001, pp. 78-93.
220
Supra note 107, para 2.
221
Sharp, Corena, "Responding to Sex Workers’ Rights as Workers’ Rights: Reducing Sex Trafficking in the
Dominican Republic" (2015).Western Libraries Undergraduate Research Award. 6, available at
https://cedar.wwu.edu/library_researchaward/, last approached 20.03.2020.
217

Yet again, as the ILO points out in Recommendations No 204 that in the informal economy
the right to form trade union is jeopardized for persons in the informal economy, meanwhile
without a possibility of organisation and representation, workers from the informal economy
generally suffer from a lack of access to various other rights at work. 222 The violation of the right
to form or join a union leads to the situation, where the workers in the informal economy are
unable “to pursue their employment interests through collective bargaining or to lobby policymakers on issues such as access to infrastructure, property rights, taxation and social security.”223
In the CESCR General Comment No 18 the obligations of the States’ concerning the right
to join trade union are clarified: “States parties should respect and protect the work of human rights
defenders and other members of civil society, in particular the trade unions, who assist
disadvantaged and marginalized individuals and groups in the realization of their right to work.”224
Collective bargaining is an effective mechanism protecting labour rights. For example,
abovementioned ILO Violence and Harassment Convention No 190 (2019), states, that
“with a view to preventing and eliminating violence and harassment in the world of work,
each Member shall respect, promote and realize the fundamental principles and rights at work,
namely freedom of association and the effective recognition of the right to collective bargaining.”
2.5.

Right to social security

Article 8 of the ICESCR sets the right of everyone to social security. Scheinin notes, the
term ‘social security’ often is used as covering both ‘social insurance’, a system when the benefits
are ‘earned’ by the worker, and ‘social assistance’ that covers the needs of persons or groups from
the public funds (general tax revenue).225
The CESCR General Comment No 7 clarifies, that this right is aimed to provide benefits
for a person in need in the event of the lack of work-related income caused by “sickness, disability,
maternity, employment injury, unemployment, old age, or death of a family member”226, or by an
unaffordable healthcare system, or for minor and adult dependents – by an insufficient family
support.227 However, such instruments as the ESC, the ILO Social Security (Minimum Standards)

222

Supra note 182: ILO Recommendation No 204, (2015), para 17.
Ibid.
224
Supra note 107, para 51
225
Scheinin, Martin, “The Right to Social Security”, in Eide Asbjorn, Krause Catarina, Rosas Allan (eds.),
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. A Textbook. Second Revised Edition, Berlin: Springer, 2001, p. 211.
226
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General Comment No 19, The right to social
security (art. 9), UN. Doc. E/C.12/GC/19, 2008, para 2.
227
Ibid.
223

Convention No 102 (1952) have more detailed regulation of this right. Scheinin outlines, that with
the ESC “the right to social assistance for those in need has developed into a genuine human
right”228 which is set Article 13(1) of the ESC, while earlier such support was seen mostly as
‘charity’229.
For sex workers subjest to various legislative national models of regulation of sex work the
possibility to enjoy this right varies dramatically. In the countries where sex work as work is not
recognised sex workers are excluded from both ‘social security’ schemes and ‘social assistance’
and in comparison with other categories of workers the right to social security for sex workers is
limited. For example, NSWP states, that sex workers are generally excluded from housing,
financial services, public services – from everything that can maintain independence and security.
There is extensive discrimination with the right to housing and the right to property. Together with
other workers from the informal economy, labour rights protection and social security benefits are
practically absent while the right to associate and organize to protect such rights are often not
recornised for sex workers in many countries. “Criminalisation, discrimination and stigma, and the
failure to recognise sex work as work, compound sex workers’ social exclusion and foster
economic marginalisation.”230
Meanwhile, according to the ILO Recommendations 204, the States in transitioning to the
formal economy
“should progressively extend, in law and practice, to all workers in the informal
economy, social security, maternity protection, decent working conditions and a
minimum wage that takes into account the needs of workers and considers
relevant factors, including but not limited to the cost of living and the general
level of wages in their country.”231

In the respective chapters it would be seen, if the states using restrictive legislation models
of the regulation of sex work are putting efforts into the obligations to specifically pay attention to
such disadvantaged and marginalized group as sex workers.
Thus, social rights of sex workers will be touched upon mostly in comparison with domestic
legislative approach to social security for other categories of workers, especially considering that
this right has a non-discriminative dimension, since the obligation of the State is to ensure, that

228

Supra note 225: Scheinin (2001), p. 216.
Ibid.
230
NSWP Briefing Note. Social protection, 2019, available at https://www.nswp.org/resource/briefing-notesocial-protection, last approached 20.04.2020.
231
Supra note 182: ILO Recommendation No 204, (2015), Para 18.
229

“the social security system will be adequate, accessible for everyone and will cover social risks
and contingencies”232

232

Supra note 226, para 48.

3. CRIMINALISATION
3.1. Overview of Russian legislation criminalising sex workers
Criminalisation is the most hostile model of regulation towards sex workers. The
interference with the right to work under this prohibitionist approach is direct: persons involved in
sex work are to be penalised for performing work and other related activities.
Russia, where sex work is penalised in an administrative procedure233, is one of the few
Member States of the Council of Europe where this model still exists. The penalty for sex work is
set in the article 6.11 of the Administrative Offence Code of Russian Federation (Administrative
Code): Prostitution entails a fine from 1500 to 2000 Rubles234. Article 6.12 further sets a fine from
2000 to 2500 Rubles or administrative arrest from 10 to 15 days for having an income from
prostitution, if this income is connected with prostitution of other person. The latter article is
directed against pimping.
According to the official data of administrative cases235, in the first six months of the year
2019, the administrative procedure for prostitution (article 6.11) was initiated for 3 287 persons,
2 527 of them were fined. However, for pimping (article 6.12) only 63 persons were brought to
court, with 30 of them punished with a fine and 2 persons with administrative arrest. Both of these
offences are offences against public health, sanitary and epidemiological well-being and public
morals236.
As it can be seen, penalising sex workers in Russia is widely in use. In the meantime,
pimping is rarely punished (32 cases in the year 2019).
In addition, Article 240 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (Criminal Code)
provides for criminalisation of recruiting in prostitutution, and Article 241 criminalises organising

233

The difference between penalisation and criminalisation is explained in details in Chapter 1. In the current
chapter both words are being used as synonyms.
234
Approx. 21-28 Euro according to Bloomberg conversion course data on 28.11.2019
https://www.bloomberg.com/quote/EURRUB:CUR
235
“Svodnyye statisticheskiye svedeniya o deyatel'nosti federal'nykh sudov obshchey yurisdiktsii i mirovykh
sudey za 1 polugodiye 2019 goda” [Summary statistics on the activities of federal courts of general jurisdiction
and
justices
of
the
peace
for
the
1st
half
of
the
2019],
available
at
http://www.cdep.ru/index.php?id=79&item=5083, last approached on 28.11.2019.
236
Section 6 of the Administrative Code.

of others’ prostitution, brothel-keeping and systematical providing of the premises for prostitution.
These crimes are considered to be crimes against public health and public morals.
The definition of ‘prostitution’ is absent both in the Administrative Code and in the
Criminal Code. Case law of Russian civil courts can offer the following definition: “According to
the accepted doctrinal interpretation, prostitution is systematic sexual intercourse for
compensation, which can be expressed not only monetary, but also in various objects of the
material world.”237
Both CEDAW Committee238 and CESCR239 call Russia for decriminalisation of sex
workers. For example, in the latest concluding observations on Russia the CESCR states the
following: “The Committee recommends that the State party consider decriminalizing sex
workers, and ensure that they can fully access health-care services and information, including
treatment and prevention of HIV/AIDS, without discrimination.”240 Russia itself in its Nineth
CEDAW periodic report (2019) does not answer the CEDAW Concluding Observations on the
question of lifting the criminalisation of sex work241, recommended respectively by the Committee
in its Concluding observations on the Eighth Periodic Report242 of Russian Federation.243
3.2. The right to work for sex workers in Russia
3.2.1. Prohibition of forced labour
As described in the previous chapter, core content of the right to work is, among others, the
prohibition of forced labour. With regard to sex work which is historically stigmatised and
historically highly criminal-risk zone the duties of the State to respect and to protect have special
importance.

237

Appeal ruling No. 33-21419/2014 33-828/2015 of January 28, 2015 in case No. 33-21419/2014
//sudact.ru/regular/doc/8EOryyhQRI18/, last approached 30.03.2020.
238
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations on the eighth
periodic report of the Russian Federation, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/RUS/CO/8, 20 November 2015, para 26 (c).
239
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of
the Russian Federation, UN Doc. E/C.12/RUS/CO/6 , 16 October 2017, para 53.
240
ibid.
241
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Ninth periodic report submitted by the
Russian Federation under article 18 of the CEDAW, due in 2019, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/RUS/9, 8 January 2020.
242
Previously, in the year 2010, the CEDAW did not give direct recommendations to decriminalise sex work. See
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women on the combined
sixth and seventh report of the Russian Federation, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/USR/7, 2010.
243
Supra note 238

Upon the effectiveness of the State in combating forced labour and trafficking depend the
rights of sex worker earn their living in an occupation freely entered into, and the safe and healthy
working conditions which are inseparable from the ‘decent work’ paradigm.
With relate to the research question, the issue of forced labour and trafficking in human
beings as well is not explored specifically. However, it is relevant to establish if the certain
prohibionist model of regulation of sex work influences the effectiveness of prohibition of forced
labour and human trafficking.
In Russia trafficking and slavery are criminalised respectively by Articles 127.1. and 127.2
of the Criminal Code. In addition, coercion into staying in prostitution is criminalised by Article
240 of the Criminal Code. The ECtHR in Rantsev v Cyprus and Russia244 was satisfied with the
legislation in place.
The CEDAW, however, in concluding observations notes, the absence of an action plan, a
coordinating body, lack of information245 and that
”the reports of widespread violence and discrimination against women in prostitution,
enabled by the penalisation of prostitution as an administrative offence under article 6.11 of the
Code of Administrative Offences, which results in various forms of abuse, including extortion,
beatings, rape and even killing of women in prostitution, the limited assistance available to them
and the absence of exit and reintegration programmes for women who wish to leave
prostitution.”246
Criminalisation thus appears not only harmful for sex workers themselves, but also as a
violation of the State duty to protect from trafficking and forced labour in the sense of Article 6 of
the ICESCR and Article 1(2) of the ESC. Criminalisation, surrounding stigma and police abuse
arising from penalisation makes it more difficult to the victims of trafficking to report the crime
or anyhow address the authorities.
3.2.2. The right to earn a living by an occupation freely entered into
As was established in Chapter 2, the right to freely choose work under the ICESCR and the ESC
imposes a corresponding obligation of the State to refrain from interfering with the right to ‘earn
a living by an occupation freely entered into’. From this obligation follows, that the State should
not intervene in the enjoyment of certain rights and take proactive measures to prevent the
interference of state agents.

244

Supra note 177, paras 301-303.
Supra note 238, para 25.
246
Ibid, para 25 (c).
245

However, as was mentioned in the Chapter 2, the socio-economic rights can be a subject of certain
limitations, both under the ICESCR and the ESC. Moreover, the prohibition of certain work is
rarely met in domestic legislation.
The Constitution of Russian Federation, Article 37 sets the freedom of labour and
prohibition of forced labour. The Labour Code of the Russian Federation, Article 2 provides for
the ‘freedom of work, including the right to work, which everyone freely chooses or who freely
agrees to, the right to dispose of one’s ability to work, to choose a profession and occupation.’ One
can ask, whether by making sex work punishable, does State interferes into the right to freely
choose occupation and place of performance? The justification of this interference is a legitimate
aim of protecting public morals247.

However, these limitations are unlikely to pass a

proportionality test (analysed in details in Chapter 2), when the aim should strike a balance
between the restriction of the right and be ‘necessary in democratic society’ .
Another legal assessment of the prohibition of sex work be should be done from the point
of the right to non-discrimination. The majority of sex workers are women.248 Women are
disproportionally affected by poverty, have less access to the resources and often have
dependents.249 The ILO recognises that women usually have to balance the responsibilities earning
a living, domestic work and care work for the children and the elderly. Further, the ILO notes, that
“women are also discriminated against in terms of access to education and training and other
economic resources. Thus women are more likely than men to be in the informal economy.”250
Therefore, criminalisation of sex work influences women’s right to earn a living disproportionally.
Among Russian sex workers, according to the sociological research,251 are, for example, single
mothers, students, internal migrants. By punishing sex work on the grounds of jeopardising public
morals the State limits the possibilities of women to earn a living by the only possible or preferable
occupation and of economic independency.
As an example of non-discrimination assessment to the access to the labour market, we may
see the example of so-called ‘restricted jobs list’. Since the Soviet era, Russia held an extensive

247

Chapter 6 of the Code of Administrative Offences where Article 6.11. belongs, is entitled as “Offenses against
health, sanitary-epidemiological well-being of population and public morals”.
248
See, for example, NSWP Policy Brief: Sex Work and Gender Equality, 2017, available at
https://www.nswp.org/node/3512, last approached 15.05.2020.
249
Supra note 182: ILO Recommendation No 204, (2015), para 11
250
Ibid, para 20
251
Romanova, Veronika. Transformatcia sotcialnogo prostranstva zhenskoi prostitutsii (na primere molodyh
zhenschi, okazyvauschikh seksualnye uslugi v Sanct Pererburge). (The transformation of female prostitution’s
social space: the example of young commercial sex workers in St. Petersburg), in Zhurnal Sotsiologii I Sotcialnoi
Antrpologii № 5, 2015, pp 128 – 142.

list of professions where women were restricted to work252. The justification of restrictions was
the health (with the emphasis on reproduction health) of women. Among them were not only the
jobs that could have impact reproductive health, but also such common professions as ‘bus
driver’253, ‘firefighter’254, ‘carpenter’255. CESCR Concluding Observations on Russia of 2017256
provided an assessment257 of the abovementioned list. The Committee noted, that there is a lack
of scientific or medical grounds supporting the presumable damage to women’s health and thus
including these 456 professions in the List is not justified. The CESCR expressed its concern, that
“in reality, these restrictions contribute to furthering inequalities between men and women.”258
Further, the Committee calls the State party to ensure that the list covers “only restrictions
necessary for the protection of maternity and is based strictly on medical considerations”259.
Finally, the States may use the clause of ‘the protection of the rights of others’ set in Article
G of the ES (the ICESCR does not have this aim for general restrictions of rights, apart from the
right to form a union). For example, Belarus260 in its Seventh Periodic Report under the ICESCR
claims261, that ‘In the process of suppressing the spread of prostitution (as one of the main factors
of sexual exploitation), 8,011 people were brought to administrative responsibility for the
provision of paid sexual services’262. Thus, Belarus justifies penalisation of sexual services on the
ground that sexual services are the factor contribution in ‘prostitution’. Since this statement is
given in the context of the Palermo Protocol, the State justifies penalisation of women by the aim
of suppressing human trafficking. However, this justification of limitations of rights clearly will
not pass a proportionality test under the ESC, even if criminalising could help the suppression of
trafficking, the one can not be achieved by abusing the rights of others.

252

Postanovleniye Pravitel'stva RF ot 25.02.2000 N 162 "Ob utverzhdenii perechnya tyazhelykh rabot i rabot s
vrednymi ili opasnymi usloviyami truda, pri vypolnenii kotorykh zapreshchayetsya primeneniye truda
zhenshchin” (Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation of February 25, 2000 N 162 "On approval of
the list of heavy work and work with harmful or dangerous working conditions, the implementation of which
prohibits the use of women's labor"), available at http://www.consultant.ru/document/cons_doc_LAW_26328/.
253
Ibid, para 387.
254
Ibid, para 431.
255
Ibid, para 49.
256
Supra note 238, para 28.
257
Similar approach was demonstrated by the CEDAW Committee in an individual communication Svetlana
Medvedeva v Russian Federation, application No 60/2013, 2016.
258
Supra note 238, para 28.
259
Supra note 238, para 29.
260
Belarus is not a Member State of the Council of Europe and thus the ESC. However, the argument for
criminalisation of sex workers for the aim of suppressing human trafficking deserves attention.
261
CESCR Seventh periodic report of Belarus, UN Doc. E/C.12/BLR/7, 04.02.2020.
262
Ibid, para 200

CEDAW in its General Recommendation No 35 on Gender-Based Violence explicitly
states, that criminalizing of women in prostitution is among others “legal provisions that are
discriminatory against women and thereby enshrine, encourage, facilitate, justify or tolerate any
form of gender-based violence”,263 and, on the view of the CEDAW Committee, such a provision
should be immediately repealed264.
As for the right to vocational guidance for women who would like to leave sex work, Russia
is not meeting the conditions of fulfilment of this right. CEDAW Committee expressed concerns
with non-existence of “exit programmes for women who wish to leave prostitution”265.
Meanwhile, the equal to access opportunity to change of profession is an especially important part
of the right to freely choose occupation and place of performance for sex workers because of the
stigma and violence surrounding sex work. At the same time, Russian legislation, for example,
the recent ‘Order of the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of the Russian Federation dated
December 30, 2019 No 840 "On approval of recommendations on the formation of regional plans
and managerial mechanisms aimed at improving the status of women”’266 contains zero measures
on vocational training or any other measures for women wishing to leave sex work.
3.3 The right to favourable and just conditions of work for sex workers
With regard to the right to safe and favourable conditions of work, one of the main concerns
under the criminalisation model is the safety of the working conditions of sex workers. The
criminalisation model makes sex work more dangerous. Sex workers suffer from police violence
and, they have high risks of violence from the clients267, since the State does not fulfil its duty to
protect sex workers from violence. By considering selling sex as an offence in Russia, the State
makes it harder for sex workers to report on offences against them to the authorities, under the
threat of being punished.
As the CEDAW Committee notes in its Concluding observations on the eighth periodic
report of the Russian Federation:
“The reports of widespread violence and discrimination against women in
prostitution, enabled by the penalization of prostitution as an administrative offence under
article 6.11 of the Code of Administrative Offences, which results in various forms of
abuse, including extortion, beatings, rape and even killing of women in prostitution..”268
263

Supra note 78, para 29 (c)(i)
Ibid, para 29 (c)(i)
265
Supra note 238, para 29.
266
Order of the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of the Russian Federation dated December 30, 2019 No
840 "On approval of recommendations on the formation of regional plans and managerial mechanisms aimed at
improving the status of women”/ Bulletin of Labor and Social Legislation of the Russian Federation, 2020, No 3
267
Supra note 238, para 25 (c)
268
Supra note 238, para 25 (c)
264

In this manner, criminalisation creates unsafe working conditions. This is not a unique
situation; the insecurity of persons in sex work under the criminalisation model exists in countries
which are very distant in their geography, culture and development. In most African countries, sex
workers suffer from criminalisation regime brining the very same incompatible with basic human
rights conditions of work269. In the United States, “the criminalization of prostitution took sex
work out of the debate over voluntary versus involuntary labor. Prostitutes, like others who labor
in the illegal and informal economies, are instead blamed for the conditions of their labor.”270
The right to healthy working conditions of sex workers under criminalisation model also is
not protected or fulfilled. As noted in the Concluding observations on Russia by the CESCR, ”sex
workers face obstacles in accessing health-care services owing to the criminalisation of sex work,
and are vulnerable to police violence, increased occupational risks, and HIV infection, among
other diseases”271. Under Article 7 (b) of the ICESCR, the State is required to adopt a national
policy, covering “all branches of economic activity, including the formal and informal sectors, and
all categories of workers, including non-standard workers, apprentices and interns.”272 The policy
has to provide for safety and protection of workers’ health. Article 3 of the ESC also sets an
obligation of the States to issue safety and health regulations.
These regulations and policies should cover all categories of sex workers, including streetbased and indoor-based, those working in brothels and private apartments, and those performing
escort services. The measures and steps taken should be specific, and it seems that the emphasis
should be made on safety from violence, abuse and coercion from clients; safety measures from
sexually-transmitted diseases; sanitary and hygiene conditions of work; length and time of working
hours; mental health of sex workers.273
In the criminalisation model HIV is not addressed or it is addressed insufficiently. As
UNAIDS notes, “Even where services are theoretically available, sex workers and their clients
face substantial obstacles to accessing HIV prevention, treatment care and support, particularly
where sex work is criminalized”274. The WHO, who also takes the labour rights approach to the
right to safe and healthy working conditions, states, among other things, that criminalisation is
damaging for sex workers health for the reason that sex workers may try to hide their occupation
269

Supra note 50: Mgbako, Smith, 2010, pp. 1178 -1183
Hernández-Truyol, Berta E., Larson, Jane E.: “Sexual Labor and Human Rights.” in Columbia Human Rights
Law Review, Vol.37, No.2, 2006, p. 395
271
Supra note 239 para 52
272
Supra note 125, para 26.
273
See, for example, supra note 185.
274
Ibid.
270

from healthcare workers “for fear of being stigmatized, arrested and prosecuted.”275 Subsequently
persons occupied in sex work may choose not to address health services which can result in
damaging consequences for health, including untreated sexually transmitted infections and unsafe
abortions. Moreover, UNAIDS states, that “in many circumstances, those who do access health
services report discrimination and ill treatment by health-care providers.”276
In Russia, the efforts of the State to fulfil its duties of HIV and other sexually transmitted
infections prevention or treatment among sex workers are insufficient, if not absent, which is
incompatible with Article 7 of the ICESCR providing occupational health and safety, and Article
3 of the ESC on safe and healthy conditions of work. There are no government legislation, policies
or programmes targeted on sex workers.
The UN Special Rapporteur on the Right to Health concludes, that “Sex workers often
cannot gain access to State benefits, and are not protected by occupational health and safety
regulations that routinely protect employees in other industries.”277
The main piece of legislation regulating work and work-related rights in Russia is the
Labour Code of the Russian Federation (the Labour Code). In Article 11 it is stated, that ‘Labour
legislation and other acts containing labour law norms regulate labour relations …’ Civil contract
relations are not regulated by the Labour Code and other Labour Laws and Legislative Acts.
Labour relations are defined in Article 15 of the Labour Code. To define if the person is in labour
relations, which imply the high level of protection of labour laws, occupational safety regulations,
paid annual leave, parental leave, etc., or in civil law contract relations, we have to approach
Article 15 definition, which is as follows:
Labour relations - relations based on an agreement between the employee and the employer
on the personal performance of the employee for a paid labour function (work in accordance with
the staffing list, profession, specialty with qualifications; a specific type of work assigned to the
employee) in the interests, under the supervision and control of the employer, subordination of the
employee to the rules of the internal labour schedule when the employer provides the working
conditions stipulated by labour legislation and other regulatory rights, acts containing labour law
regulations, collective agreements and contracts, local normative acts, the employment contract.

275

WHO Publications: Sexual health, human rights and the law, 2015, available at
https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/publications/sexual_health/sexual-health-human-rights-law/en/,
last
approached 09.04.2020.
276
Supra note 185.
277
Supra note 92, para 43.

Unlike civil law relations, where the parties are supposed to be equal according to the Civil
Code of the Russian Federation, labour relations are considered subordinated, bound by
employer’s rules and regulations, supervision and so-called “working discipline”. However,
narrowing labour law in such a manner excludes civil contract workers and self-occupied persons
from the whole scope of labour law protection.
Thus, Russian labour legislation together with existing administrative punishment prevents
sex workers from enjoying the same level of protection of their rights in comparison with other
categories of workers.
Hence, the rights to rest and leisure; to fair remuneration; to the wages providing decent
standard of living, maternity leave and other rights protection and fulfilment of which are set in
Article 7 of the ICESCR and Articles 2, 3 of the ESC along with relevant ILO conventions,
Constitution of Russia, the Labour Code of Russian Federation, are not protected and fulfilled
because Russian Federation does not recognise sex work as work. The right to safe and healthy
conditions of work are not fulfilled by the State to any extent.
3.4 Right to form or join a trade union, and to bargain collectively
Currently, no trade unions of sex workers or other forms of organisation of sex workers
exist in Russia. The non-governmental organisation “Silver Rose” (“Serebryannaya Rosa”),
positioning itself as a self-advocating organisation of sex workers, has been denied registration by
the Ministry of Justice of the Russian Federation twice, in 2013 and 2014.
The person who applied for the registration of the abovementioned NGO challenged both
decisions in court of first instance and further in an appeal court.
These two resolutions of an appeal court clearly illustrate the position of Russian Federation
towards sex workers. First, the St. Petersburg City Court Appeal Resolution No 33-19137/2013
dated 24.12.2013 stated that for the "Non-profit partnership of sex workers and those who support
them to protect the health, dignity and human rights of sex workers ‘Silver Rose’ it is impossible
to determine the nature of the partnership, which is against the law.” 278 The court found, that “The
current legislation, as well as the charter of the “Silver Rose” do not define the concept of “sex
workers”, the criteria for classifying people in this category, their scope of activity.”279

278

Appeal ruling No. 33-19137 / 2013 of December 24, 2013 in case No. 33-19137/2013 avaliable at
//sudact.ru/regular/doc/MolhaaFyICLt/, approached 15.05.2020
279
Ibid.

The court also alleged, that the aims of the organisation are in breach of the Russian laws,
namely the norms of the Criminal Code (Article 241) and the Administrative Code (Article 6.11
and Article 6.12), which are precisely the norms criminalising sex work and ‘third parties’ in sex
work.280
The applicant afterwards amended the Charter of the mentioned NGO to clarify the
definitions and aims in a way the Ministry of Justice and the Courts of both instances referred to.
However, the Ministry of Justice again declined the registration of the Silver Rose, the applicant
challenged it in court and appealed the decision of the court.
In this second case, the Appeal Resolution of St Petersburg City Court (No 33-828 / 2015
dated 28.01.2015 Case No 2-2988/14) states, that the purpose of the ‘Silver Rose’ is to ensure the
rights, freedoms and legitimate interests of ‘such a category of citizens’281 as sex workers.
However, in the Russian law, the concept of “employee” is a subject of labour law. Further, the
Court refers to the Decree of the Committee of the Russian Federation for Standardisation,
Metrology and Certification dated December 26, 94 No 367 which contains the list of professions
and as the ‘sex worker’ is not mentioned in the List, the Court makes a conclusion that protection
of sex workers therefore cannot be the aim of an organisation.282 Thus, in the interpretation of the
Court, the organisation of sex workers cannot be registered specifically because Russian labour
legislation does not recognise sex work as work.
Further, the Court assesses the Partnership from the point of criminalisation of sex work:
“By virtue of Articles 6.11 and 6.12 of the Code of Administrative Offences, engaging in
prostitution and obtaining income prostitution, if this income is related to engaging in another
person's prostitution are administrative offences against public health and public morals.”283 Thus,
the Court concluded that the activity of the organisation is unlawful.
The right to form a union is set in part 1 of Article 30 of the Constitution of Russia, and in
Articles 1, 2 of the Labour Code. However, sex workers are not considered as workers under
Russian law, and sex work is an ‘unlawful activity’, administrative offence. Therefore, sex workers
are deprived of the possibility to form a trade union to represent themselves and protects their
rights.

280

Ibid.
Supra note 237.
282
Ibid.
283
Ibid.
281

3.5. Right to social security
Since sex workers are forced to work in the informal sector of economy, their access to
social security may be very limited, especially for migrant workers.
Deprived of the ability to pay social security insurance and pension contributions, sex
workers in case of disability, unemployment, sickness, old age can only have the benefits as
unemployed persons, e.g. the basic social assistance.
In Russia for the purposes of taxation people can register as a ‘self-employed person’284.
However, sex work is not listed in occupations available for such registration, and considering the
illegal status of sex work, the registration of a sex worker as a ‘self-employed’ would be denied
by the authorities.
For example, both workers and self-employed persons who became unemployed or suffered
a sufficient loss of income due to Covid-19 got the unemployment benefits from the State under a
special governmental decree285. Sex workers, however, as they could not report their income to the
tax authorities for the reason that sex work is criminalised, can only apply for the basic social
unemployment assistance (approx.. 25 Euro a month)286.
The CERCR also expressed concerns with regard to access of sex workers to the social
seciúrity, noting that “the State party’s social security system does not completely cover various
population groups, in particular workers in the informal economy, sex workers..”287
Thus, criminalisation of sex work leads to exclusion of sex workers from social security
system and the violation of the right to social security under the ICESCR and the ESC.

284

Federal Law of November 27, 2018 N 422-ФЗ (as amended on 04/01/2020)
"On the experiment to establish a special tax regime" Professional income tax ". From 1 July 2020 the Law would
be in force in all regions of the Russian Federation, while at 08.06.2020 the Law is in force only in 23 regions.
285
Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation of March 27, 2020 N 346 (as amended on April 12, 2020)
"On the amount of the minimum and maximum unemployment benefits for 2020"
286
Ibid.
287
Supra note 238, para 36

4. PARTIAL CRIMINALISATION
4.1. Swedish legislation regulating sex work
“Distinctions between forced and free sex work are therefore dismissed in Sweden as
dangerous and misleading, allowing for a conflation of consensual sex work and coerced human
trafficking, which in turn has served to emotively inform Swedish legal debate in the context of
panic surrounding in-migration and sex trafficking”288
Year 1998 became a turning point in sex work regulation. Sweden introduced the new law
criminalising the purchase of sex (sexköpslagen in Sweden289). Since then, despite of the
questionable outcome of this law, despite of the doubts and voices of sex workers, their
organisations and human right lawyers, this model has been embraced in Europe and beyond,
promoted by the European Parliament Gender Equality Committee290. To 2020, Norway, Iceland,
Canada, Northern Ireland, France, Ireland and Israel have the laws criminalising purchase of sex,
with more countries considering this approach as their legislative model.
Currently the law reads as follows:
“person who, in cases other than those previously referred to in this Chapter, obtains casual
sexual relations in return for a payment, is guilty of purchase of sexual services and is sentenced
to a fine or imprisonment for at most one year. The provision in the first paragraph also applies if
the payment was promised or made by another person”291. Despite of being put under Chapter 6
of the Code ‘On sexual offences’, this crime is considered to be not a crime against a person, but
a crime against public order292. The victim, here is not a sex worker, but rather general public293.
Yttergren and Westerstrand note, that the partial criminalisation model in Sweden is based “on the
perceived harm prostitution as a phenomenon, an existing market, causes society. Thus, the interest
behind the law is a common societal interest..”294
In the light of the above, remains unclear why a crime of purchase of sexual services, in
which victim could be so evidently established, is a crime against public order. Thus there is a
parallel with the Russian criminalisation model, where sex worker’s administrative offence is
288

Supra note 57: Levy (2010), p. 225.
Ibid.
290
Supra note 27: Schulze, Canto, Mason, Skalin (2014).
291
Swedish Criminal Code, SFS 1962:700, Section 11.
292
Waltman, Max, MacKinnon, Catharine A., “Suggestions to the Government's Review of the Sex Purchase Act
(Sweden)” 2010,. Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2416479, last approached 20.04.2020.
293
Supra note 40: Östergren (2017).
294
Yttergren, Åsa, Westerstrand, Jenny “The Swedish Legal Approach to Prostitution. Trends and Tendencies in
the Prostitution Debate”, in NORA - Nordic Journal of Feminist and Gender Research, vol. 24:1,2016, p. 47.
289

considered to be as offemce against public morals. From the legal point of view criminalisation of
the buyer is closer to criminalisation of sex worker, than the States implementing the former are
ready to admit. Florin, for example, states, that sex work is not only inherently violent for the sex
worker, but that sex work is gender-based violence, which threatens gender equality by its
existence295. Thus the refusal to give a sex worker a status of a victim leads to the conclusion that
Sweden does not appeal to alleged inherit harm of sex work to a victim to justify the permissible
restrictions of socio-economic rights of sex workers under the ICESCR and the ESC, but rather
considers such a limitation based on the aim of public order (earlier it has been discussed that
public order could serve a legitimate aim only by the ESC, while by the ICESCR it is ‘general
welfare’). The similarity between aims of restrictions of the right to work and work-related rights
between the Russian criminalisation model and the Sweden partial criminalisation model is
probably one of the main reasons why socio-ecomonic rights of sex workers are neglected in both
countries; and such similarity is disturbing, since the partial criminalisation approach is considered
to be ‘progressive’ and eliminating gender inequality, while the analysis of legal norms illustrates
sex workers’ human rights violations both in Russia and Sweden.
Further, the Swedish law criminalises the actions of third parties involved in sex work. The
‘third-party’ criminalising law is read as follows:
person who promotes or, in an improper manner, financially exploits another person’s
engagement in casual sexual relations in return for payment is guilty of procuring and is
sentenced to imprisonment for at most four years. If a person who has granted a right
of use of a flat learns that the flat is used wholly or to a substantial extent for
casual sexual relations in return for payment, and fails to do what can reasonably
be required to terminate the right granted, they are, if the activity continues or is resumed
in the flat, considered to have promoted the activity and are held responsible under
the first paragraph.296

It has been noted, that the ‘third-party criminalisation’ can be interpreted in an extensive
way. For instance, it may be applied to someone managing a brothel, advertising sexual services,
to any partner regardless of martial status who lives off the earnings of a sex worker and to persons
who rent their apartment to sex workers.297
It is important to mention, that apart from the law criminalising the buyer and ‘third parties’,
there is also a Swedish Alien Act, who restricts sex workers from outside EEA to enter Sweden

295

Florin, Ola, “A Particular Kind of Violence: Swedish Social Policy Puzzles of a Multipurpose Criminal Law”,
in Sexuality Research and Social Policy, Volume 9, Issue 3, 2012, p 273.
296
Supra note 291, Section 12.
297
Danna, Daniela. Report on prostitution laws in the European Union. 2004, p. 18., available at
http://lastradainternational.org/doc-center/3048/report-on-prostitution-laws-in-the-european-union,
last
approached 15.05.2020.

(namely, “if it can be assumed that during the stay in Sweden or in some other Nordic country
he or she will not support himself or herself by honest means” 298.). These laws together create

the ‘partial criminalisation’ model restrictive regime.

4.2. The Right to Work
4.2.1. Prohibition of forced labour
The Swedish partial criminalisation model influences the obligation of the State to prohibit forced
labour and human trafficking under various treaties explored in Chapter 2. The criminalisation
model in Russia is clearly an obstacle to an effective implementation of the prohibition of forced
labour as was explored in Chapter 3. However, the Swedish partial criminalisation model has
various assessments on its influence on reducing trafficking and forced labour of sex workers.
Governmental299 and other sources300 state, that it only influences positively, reducing forced
labour and trafficking; some of the researches deny the trafficking-reduce effect of the law.301 The
connection between the reduce of trafficking in human beings and restrictive legislation on sex
work is indeed not straightforward. Probably, the ‘suppression of demand’ makes the country ‘less
interesting destination’ for the traffickers’302. On the other hand, together with restrictions on sex
work the Swedish authorities implemented more effective programmes targeting specifically
human trafficking trafficking and forced labour, and this as well could be the reason of reducing
trafficking crime. The number of street sex workers, however, has reduced303.. At the same time,
sex work became less visible. As a consequence researchers note, that “it is reasonable to believe
that the prostitutes with less resources, or at least some of them, have been more closely linked to
organised crime because of problems with languages; in addition not everybody can manage to
administrate prostitution via the web.”304 Thus the State may unintentionally have created
obstacles for trafficked persons to address for help; in addition, since the buyers are criminalised,

298

Swedish Alien Act (2005:716), section 2(2).
Swedish Ministry of Justice Report: Prohibition of the purchase of sexual services. An evaluation 1999-2008
(SOU 2010:49) to the Government, 2010. Available at https://www.government.se/articles/2011/03/evaluationof-the-prohibition-of-the-purchase-of-sexual-services/ , last approached 07.03.2020.
300
See, for example Ekberg, Gunilla S. et al, Brief: Swedish Laws, Policies and Interventions on Prostitution and
Trafficking in Human Beings: A Comprehensive Overview, Stockholm, Sweden, 24 February 2018.
301
For example:Kingston, Sarah., Thomas, Terry, “No model in practice: a ‘Nordic model’ to respond to
prostitution?”, in Crime, Law and Social Change 71, 2019, pp 429 - 433
302
Supra note 27: European Parliament Study (2014)
303
Ibid.
304
Supra note 305, p. 102.
299

there are less chances that the latter will report to the authorities that the sex worker is a vicrim of
trafficking because the buyer in this case would be afraid of their own criminal responsibility.
4.2.2. The right to freely choose work in its non-discrimination and other dimensions

Criminalisation of purchase of sex and the ‘third-party’ criminalisation is an interference
in the right to earn a living by work or occupation freely enters into. As was analysed above,
Swedish Criminal Code sets, that a sexual service purchase is a crime against public order. The
limitations of the right to work in Article 6 of the ICESCR should comply with Article 4 of the
Covenant. In Sweden, the limitations are determined by the Swedish Criminal Code, and have a
purpose of ‘promoting the general welfare’ which in case of Sweden is the elimination of
‘prostitution’ as socially undesirable gender-based violence contributing to gender inequality305 in
the Swedish society. For example, in 2005 European Parliament study on sex work, Swedish law
is described as follows:
The ratio behind this law is that prostitution is regarded as an aspect of male violence
against women and children. It is officially acknowledged as a form of exploitation of
women and children and constitutes a significant social problem, which is harmful to not
only the individual prostituted woman or child, but also to society.306

The legitimate aim of ‘general welfare’ is set out in the ICESCR, and gender equality indeed
falls into general welfare definition, as well as it falls within the legitimate aim of ‘protection of
public morals’ in the ESC.
The approach to limitations developed in the ECtHR jurisprudence, as the researchers state,
can be applied to those set out in the ICESCR and the ESC307. If the limitation to be tested in a
way the ECtHR provides, such aim would be indeed found as legitimate. For deeper understanding
of the limitation for the aim of public morals, it could be helpful to look into the ECtHR decision
in A., B. and C v Ireland308, a notable case on the right to abortion309. The abortion restrictions and
sex work restrictions have in common at least that in both cases a State interferes with the agency
and control over individuals’ bodies. In the mentioned case, the ECtHR found, that the restriction
to abortion - which is a limitation of Article 8 of the ECHR ‘pursued the legitimate aim of the

305

As it is stated, “gender equality will remain unattainable so long as men buy, sell and exploit women and
children by prostituting them”. Supra note 95, para 38:
306
European Parliament Report: "National legislation on prostitution and the trafficking in women and children”.
Study”,, 2005, p. 39, available at https://ec.europa.eu/anti-trafficking/publications/study-national-legislationprostitution-and-trafficking-women-and-children_en, last approached 04.04.2020.
307
Supra note 126: Saul, Kinley, Mowbray (2014),.p 256.
308
A., B. and C v Ireland (App. No 25579/05), 16 December 2010
309
As a sidenote, in the 2010 ECtHR judgement on A., B. And C v Ireland the Court found, that restriction to
abortion in Ireland falls within the margin of appreciation of the State and reflects the will of the Irish people. In
2018 the will of Irish people changed to the opposite and under the Health (Regulation of Termination of
Pregnancy) Act 2018 abortions are legal within first 12 weeks of pregnancy.

protection of morals of which the protection in Ireland of the right to life of the unborn was one
aspect’.310
To see if interference of the right to work in Sweden meets the ‘necessary in democratic
society’ clause of both the ESC Article G and the ICESCR Article 4, it should be analysed if the
fair balance between a social interest - in this case it is the interest of Sweden to suppress sex work
as an obstacle to gender equality in the society, and the competing interests of sex workers to be
able to enjoy the right to freely choose work (and subsequently, as it been discussed earlier, to
labour rights approach to regulation of sex work, to the right to fair conditions of work, and to the
right to form a trade union).
In the A., B. and C v Ireland case, the ECtHR explored the question of whether the
interference with the right was necessary in a democratic society and for the matter if it strikes a
fair balance between a pressing social need - in this case it is the interest of Irish people moral
which protects the life of the unborn - and competing interest of the applicants’ rights to respect
their private lives (access to abortion).
Then, the ECtHR resolved, that even if in the most States the legislation resolves conflicting
interests in favour of permitting abortions, this consensus should not narrow the margin of
appreciation of the State and thus “the Court does not consider that the prohibition in Ireland of
abortion for health and well-being reasons, based as it is on the profound moral views of the Irish
people as to the nature of life (…) exceeds the margin of appreciation accorded in that respect to
the Irish State.”311 Thus, the ECtHR found, that the abortion restrictions in Ireland “struck a fair
balance between the right of the first and second applicants to respect for their private lives and
the rights invoked on behalf of the unborn.”312
There is a little doubt, that the ECtHR if it ever would resolving a case based on a claim
that the limitations of the right set out in Article 8 (respect for private lives) by the Swedish
restrictions to sex work, it would find that since in sex work domestic legislation ‘international
consensus’ is practically absent even within the Council of Europe contracting States - moreover,
more and more States adopt the partial criminalisation model, and thus the interference with the
right lies in the scope of margin of appreciation State enjoys.
On the other hand, in Dudgeon v the UK the ECtHR resolved, that with regard to consenting
homosexual adults, criminalizing of consensual sexual behavior does violate the rights set in

310

Supra note 307, para 227.
Ibid, para 241.
312
Ibid.
311

Article 8 of the ECHR. Assessing if the justification of such limitation of rights as criminalisation
of adult consensual behaviour is sufficient, the ECtHR stated, that
“Although members of the public who regard homosexuality as immoral may be shocked,
offended or disturbed by the commission by others of private homosexual acts, this cannot
on its own warrant the application of penal sanctions when it is consenting adults alone
who are involved.”313

Although both A, B and C v Ireland case and Dudgeon v the UK case indeed have some
common features with criminalising sex work – the former as criminalising one’s decisions on
body autonomy, the latter as criminalising consensual sexual behaviour, it is still hard to evaluate
whether criminalisation of sex work (be it sex workers or third-party criminalisation) is in breach
of the Article 8 of the ECHR314. However, there is a potential for protection the right to freely
choose work for sex workers through Article 8 of the ECHR.
The limitations proportionality test with regard to restrictions to economic and social rights
through the ICESCR and the ESC is not so straightforward. First, as has been discussed in Chapter
2, the concept of ‘margin of appreciation’ is not used in interpretation and application of the
ICESCR and the ESC.315 Second, the restriction of socio-economic rights under the ICESCR
should be compatible with the nature of these rights in a way that the interpretation or application
of the limitations should not jeopardise the essence of the right316. Third, limitations have to be
proportionate to the aim such measures seek to pursue (i.e. general welfare).317 Lastly, the aim of
‘general welfare’ does not include ‘public morals’ or ‘public order’ as legitimate aims. However,
even considering these arguments, the conclusion that the law criminalising the buyer and ‘thirdparties’ is a justifiable limitation of the right to freely choose work it is still too far-reaching.
The analysis of the Swedish partial criminalisation model from the point of nondiscrimination is, however, trickier. The Criminal Code does not criminalise sex workers and does
not prohibit sex work itself. Thus, sex workers may work freely? Yes, if they are Swedish
nationals. The Swedish Alien Act (2005) is used applied with regard to non-EEA sex workers as

313

Dudgeon v the UK (app. No 7525/76), 24 February 1983, para 61.
However, some researchers state that the ECtHR case law definitely proposes that criminalisation of sex work
can amount to a violation of the right to private life in Article 8 of the ECHR: “All of this together means that
when the State criminalizes a particular type of sexual behavior that is private, consensual, and between adults, it
is important to be sure that the policy does not lead the State to fall short in its obligation to protect vulnerable
people from discrimination”. In Sex Workers, Unite! (Litigating for Sex Workers’ Freedom of Association in
Russia) in Arps, F. S. E. (Freddie), Golichenko, Mikhail, in Health and Human Rights Journal, 2(16), 2014, p.
26
315
Supra note 126: Saul, Kinley, Mowbray (2014), p. 256.
316
Supra note 189: Müller (2009), p 600.
317
Ibid.
314

a ground for deportation and denial of entry318. if the person can not earn a living by ‘honest
means’. This treatment of non-national sex workers can amount to discrimination which, probably,
does not strike a balance between a limitation of rights and legitimate aim pursued. Although this
is not applied to the EEA nationals from 2014 (which is in line with the ECJ decisions on sex
workers discussed above), it still targets non-EEA nationals.
Thus, the legislation of the partial criminalisation model disproportionally targets foreign
(non-EEA) sex workers.319 While for the Swedish nationals sex work is not recognised as work
and undesirable but not expressly prohibited, to the foreign sex workers it amounts to ‘dishonest
means of support’ in accordance to Swedish Alien Act (2005).320 At closer look this may amount
to an unjustified discrimination of foreign (non-EEA) sex workers in an access to the labour market
- or, simply put, with regard to the right to work (Article 7 of the ECESCR, Article 1(2) of the
ESC). Thus the Swedish Alien Act is one of the elements of the partial criminalisation model.
Notably, even the ‘reintegration’ policies of those who wish to exit sex work are not
sufficient in Sweden. The CEDAW Committee in its Concluding observations on combined eighth
and ninth periodic reports of Sweden (2016), expresses its concern
“at the lack of systematically organized protection, rehabilitation and reintegration
measures for victims of trafficking as well as of disaggregated data to determine the scale of the
phenomenon. It is also concerned at the limited availability of programmes for women who wish
to leave prostitution.”321,
and further recommends to implement such, ‘including by providing alternative incomegenerating opportunities.’322 However, the restrictive nature of the partial criminalisation model in
Sweden puts in the centre not a sex worker as a right bearer; as a person, who needs to earn a
living, but elimination of sex work itself. Therefore, under the partial criminalisation model
Sweden does not put sufficient effort for encouraging sex workers’ exit from sex work.
Considering the CESCR concluding observations on Sixth periodic report of Sweden
(2016) where it observes, that ‘despite the progress achieved in the area of women’s employment,
a gender wage gap persists in the State party, notably as women are concentrated in low-paid jobs
318

“the border police use the Alien Act to target migrants and non-residents selling sex in Sweden” Holmström,
Charlotta (Ed), Bjønness, Jeanett, Jensen, Mie Birk, Seikkula, Minna, Antonsdóttir, Hildur Fjóla, Len Skilbrei,
May, Søderholm, Tara, Holmström, Charlotta, Grönvall,Ylva, “Young People, Vulnerabilities and
Prostitution/Sex for Compensation in the Nordic Countries. A Study of Knowledge, Social Initiatives and Legal
Measures, Nordic Council of Ministers, TemaNord 2019, p 191.
319
Supra note 40: Östergren (2017).
320
Ibid.
321
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women Concluding observations on the combined
eighth and ninth periodic reports of Sweden, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/SWE/CO/8-9, 10 March 2016, para 28.
322
Ibid, para 29.

and remain overrepresented in part-time work arrangements (arts. 3 and 7)’323, it may be seen, that
Sweden, while imposing lots of efforts to suppress the demand for sex work, cannot yet sufficiently
meet its obligation in giving sex workers the opportunity to earn a living in another freely chosen
occupation. In the European Parliament study (2005), among the main factors contributing to
trafficking in persons in Sweden according to national experts, are: the difference in level of
welfare between the country of origin and Sweden; the feminisation of poverty and unemployment;
gender inequality. And “this factor is very assertive in influencing THB324, because without the
acceptance of degrading women by forcing them into prostitution, there would not be any demand
for this kind of prostitution.”325
Here we see a logical loophole: women go to sex work because of gender inequality
(feminisation of poverty, unequal access to labour market and education), we eliminate demand of
sexual services, and gender inequality would disappear. It seems that this is not how nondiscrimination in the right to earn a living by work or occupation freely entered into is supposed
to work.
4.3. The right to just and favourable conditions of work
As has been discussed, the labour rights approach is not at all central to the partial
criminalisation model in Sweden.
As the UN Special Rapporteur on the Right to Health states, any criminalisation surrounding
sex work, inclusing the third-party criminalisation, has a negative impact on the right of health and
safe working conditions:
“For instance, where laws exist prohibiting the running of a brothel, those who invariably
subvert the law and run such a business can impose unsafe working conditions without difficulty,
as sex workers themselves have no recourse to legal mechanisms through which they can demand
safer working conditions.”326
It is not evident, if the safety conditions of sex workers under the Swedish model worsened
after adopting partial criminaliastion legislation or did not change. However, the CEDAW
Committee expressed concern to France upon the introduction of criminalisation of purchase of
sexual services: “The risk that the criminalization of clients may backfire and expose persons in
323

Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of
Sweden, Un Doc. E/C.12/SWE/CO/6, 14 July 2016, para 25.
324

Trafficking in Human Beings.
Supra note 305, p. 102.
326
Supra note 92, para 44.
325

prostitution to increased risks to their security and health without addressing the root causes of
prostitution or diminishing its prevalence”327. At the same time, the CEDAW Committee has never
expressed similar concerns with regard to Sweden after introducing similar legislation (however,
the inconsistency of the CEDAW Committee position on sex work has been discussed in Chapter
2).
What is evident is that occupational health and safety for sex work has not been
implemented in Sweden which is a violation of its duty to fulfil. Even if sex workers remain in
informal economy due to ‘purchase of sexual services ban’, as the CESCR outlines, that even if
the
“overall objective should be to formalize work, laws and policies should
explicitly extend to workers in the informal economy and States parties should take steps
to gather relevant disaggregated data so as to include this category of workers in the
progressive realization of the right to just and favourable conditions of work. For that
purpose, the informal economy should be included in the mandate of the respective
monitoring and enforcement mechanism.”328

But since the governing law claims ‘sell of sexual services’ as an offence, Sweden simply
refuses to recognise its obligation to fulfil the rights of sex workers. As Östergren concludes, “the
ban added to far-reaching criminalisation of third parties (including collaborating sex workers) and
wholesale rejection of the sex work sector, despite no elaborated strategy for implementing the
policy.”329
4.4. Right to unionise and bargain collectively
Gall in the research of Swedish sex workers’ unions states, that Swedish suppressing
approach to sex work leads to lack of recognition of sex workers’ trade unions330. While there truly
are sex workers’ organisations, none of them are officially recognised as a trade union with
subsequent collective rights immanent only to trade unions, for example, to join international trade
unions associations. Nor are sex workers unions acknowledged by Swedish Trade Union
Confederation LO, a national-level trade union association.331 Meanwhile, in the Nordic countries
including Sweden trade unions and collective bargaining legislation provides for the main

327

Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations on the combined
seventh and eighth periodic reports of France, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/FRA/CO/7-8, 25 July 2016, para 27 (f).
328
Supra note 125, para 47 (d).
329
Östergren, Petra,. “Sweden” - in Synnøve Økland Jahnsen, Hendrik Wagenaar (eds). “Assessing Prostitution
Policies in Europe”, London, Routledge, 2018, p 180.
330
Gall, Gregor, “Sex Worker Unionization: Global Developments, Challenges and Possibilities”,, Basingstoke:
Palgrave Macmillan, 2016; pp. 115-144.
331
Ibid.

mechanism of the protecting and promoting workers’ rights and interests332. Deprivation of sex
workers of the right to form trade union on the basis that sex work is not work seems to amount to
discriminative treatment of sex workers in comparison with other categories of workers.
4.5. Right to social security
While ‘it is not possible to legally engage in sex work in Sweden, all income deriving from
sex sales must be taxed, and those who do so are entitled social insurance benefits.’333
However, the questionable status of sex work is seen in social security benefits access, too.
While the social security services sometimes claim, that the Swedish tax system (F-tax) should
apply just like in any other occupation334, others express concern that sex workers cannot deduct
their expenses for the reason that a sex worker cannot register as performing business activity,
while working in the informal economy inflicts the risks that the tax authorities would tax the
supposed income if sex work becomes known to the authorities335. Subsequently, if the reason for
claiming benefits (i. e. illness) comes, it is not apparent, that the benefits would be paid if the claim
contains false information.
This ambiguity in access to social services follows from the Swedish prohibitionist
legislation on sex work, when the State’s aim is not providing social security rights for sex workers,
but to eliminate sex work. Thus,
The overall purpose of social welfare schemes in the context of prostitution is to
support and help both men and women to leave prostitution, whether they are the
exploiters or the exploited. Most of the precautionary and caring measures aimed at
women and men in prostitution are provided by the social welfare services of each
municipality. The municipality has the responsibility to support and help people who are
permanently, temporarily, legally, or illegally in its area336

In this regard there is a notable Dissenting Opinion of the Judge Juge Fura-Sandström on
the ECtHR case V. T. v France discussed above337. The judge notes, that France has an abolitionist
approach to sex work, where sex worker is perceived as a victim even if she is not forced to sex

332
333
334

Ibid.
Supra note 328: Östergren (2018), p 178.

See, for example, Björnbom, Jonna “Prostituerade får rätt till sjukpenning”, in SVT, 5 JULI 2012, avaliabd
https://www.svt.se/nyheter/nyhetstecken/prostituerade-far-ratt-till-sjukpenning, last approached 20.05.2020.
335
Dodillet, Susanne, Östergren, Petra, “The Swedish Sex Purchase Act: Claimed Success and Documented
Effects”, Conference paper presented at the International Workshop: Decriminalizing Prostitution and Beyond:
Practical Experiences and Challenges. The Hague, 2011, available at: https://gup.ub.gu.se/publication/140671, last
approached 02.06.2020.
336
Swedish Social Services Act 2001:453, chapter 2, section 1; supra note 294: Yttergren, Westerstrand, 2016, p.
46.
337
Supra note 163, Descending opinion of the Judge Juge Fura-Sandström.

work, and where the fight against pimping and reintegration are a priority. However, the case, as
the judge notes, illustrates the ambiguity of France's approach to sex work (and the approach of
other States, too). On the one hand, sex workers are victims and the procuring (profiting from the
prostitution of others) is repressed. On the other hand, sex workers’ income is subject to tax and
contribution to allowances for income.
If the non-EEA sex worker resides in Sweden without relevant documents or on a shortterm visitor visa, the restrictive legislation on sex work plays a role, too: since it is impossible to
obtain a residence permit for a sex worker, they are squeezed out the formal economy, together
with the right to social security on the level people residing in Sweden lawfully posess. Aside of
that, ’irregular migrants’ fall in scope of the Swedish Social Services Act338, as well as the ‘victims
of crimes’.
Thus, with regard to the right to social security for sex workers, the treatment of the latter
can be seen as discrimination, especially with regard to non-EEA sex workers.

338

Supra note 335.

5. CONCLUSIONS
International human rights law does not contain any prohibition of consensual adult sex
work.
As a core socio-economic right, the right to freely work has the dimension of prohibition
of forced labour and non-discrimination clause. The States should meet both obligations. The
‘work’ in question should be ‘decent work’, however, nothing can suggest that the fairly
remunerated (and meeting the other conditions of fair conditions of work) sex work is indecent.
To the contrary, a State’s approach to sex work as work is beneficial to sex workers as right bearers
and subsequently raise the ‘decency’ of work in question.
Vocational training should be available equally to all sex workers, as a part of the ‘exit
programmes’.
As noted in ICESCR Committee General Comment No 18, “Protection of the right to work
has several components, notably the right of the worker to just and favourable conditions of work,
in particular to safe working conditions, the right to form trade unions and the right freely to choose
and accept work.”339
Work in its two dimensions (as an earning instrument and as a value of self-fulfilment) is a
subject of free choice. The right to freely choose work has positive and negative elements. In its’
negative content in international human right law is the prohibition of forced labour and
prohibition of discrimination in access to employment. The positive content is the free choice of
occupation, equal access to the labour market, the right of not to be unfairly dismissed and the
right to decent work and safe and just conditions of work.
The right to work is a basic human right strongly connected with other human rights,
namely with the right to favourable and just conditions of work, the right to form or join a trade
union and bargain collectively. The right to social security stands separately from the right to work,
but the two are still connected.
In the countries where domestic legislation is restrictive towards sex workers, socioeconomic rights of sex worker are not the states’ priority or main concern. The criminalisation
model and the partial criminalisation model appear to have common approach to protect the public
morals or the public order rather than focus on sex workers’ rights. Both countries limit sex
workers’ right to freely choose work and work-related rights, and justification of such limitations
under the ICESCR and the ESC is probably insufficient. Under the ECHR there is a possibility to
339 Supra note 107, para 12 (c).

protect the right to work for sex workers on the grounds of the Article 8 of the ECHR, since the
ECtHR has an extensive jurisprudence of protecting socio-economic rights.
In Russia, where sex workers are penalised under the Code of Administrative Offences the
State interferes with the right to earn a living freely entered upon. The implementation of
legislation prohibiting slavery, forced labour and trafficking in persons is weak within sex work
sector because the repressive law inflicts fear of the authorities, stigma and police abuse towards
sex workers. Programmes for exiting sex work in Russia are absent.
The right to safe conditions of work also suffers from criminalisation, because sex workers
fear to report violence or other unsafe factors to the authorities. The right to safe and healthy
conditions of work is violated by the lack of safety policies, especially in the sphere of prevention
and treatment of HIV and other STD. The State interferes with the right to form a union for the
reasons that sex work is not recognised as work in Russia. Social security is lacking for the same
reasons: sex workers are entitled only to basic benefits.
In Sweden, where the law does not criminalise sex work, but criminalises the purchase of
sexual services, brothels and even renting the apartments to sex workers, the model is less
restrictive. However, because of the focus of Swedish law to eliminate sex work, economic and
social rights of sex workers are overlooked. The law is also discriminatory towards non-EEA sex
workers as sex work performed by non-EEA sex-workers, although not criminalised, puts them
under threat of being expelled. Further, the punishing focus of the law prevents Sweden from
recognising the right to fair and safe conditions of work for sex workers, and thus there are no
policies or programmes aimed at creating fair and safe conditions of work, or the system of
occupational healthcare. Sex workers under Swedish law cannot form trade unions or bargain
collectively. Finally, the right to social security is uncertain for sex workers from Sweden and EEA
countries, and, apart from probable basic assistance, is not in place for sex workers of non-EEA
nationalities.

BIBLIOGRAPHY
Ahmed, Aziza , Seshu, Meena, "We Have the Right Not to Be 'Rescued'...": When Anti-Trafficking
Programmes Undermine the Health and Well-Being of Sex Workers (June 1, 2012), in AntiTrafficking Review, Issue 1, pp. 149-168, June 2012; Northeastern University School of Law
Research Paper No. 103-2012. Available at SSRN: https://ssrn.com/abstract=2126796 (last
accessed on November 18, 2019).
Benoit, Cecilia, Smith, Michaela, Jansson, Mikael, Healey, Priscilla, Magnuson, Doug. “The
Prostitution Problem”: Claims, Evidence, and Policy Outcomes.” in Archives of Sexual Behavior.
48(3), 2018.
Bindman, Jo, Doezema, Jo, Redefining Prostitution as Sex Work on the International Agenda,
London: Anti-Slavery International, 1997.
Brysk, Alison (ed.), Globalization and Human Rights, University of California Press, 2002.
Bueno, Nicolas, “From the Right to Work to Freedom from Work” in International Journal of
Comparative Labour Law and Industrial Relations, vol. 33 no 4, pp. 463 – 488, 2017.
Chinkin, Christine, Wright, Shelley, , Charlesworth, Hillary, “Feminist Approaches to
International Law: Reflections from Another Century”, in Buss, Doris , Manji, Ambreen (eds.),
International Law: Modern Feminist Approaches, London: Hart Publishing, pp. 30-31, 2005.
Chou, Meng-Hsuan, The Free Movement of Sex Workers in the European Union: Excluding the
Excluded, in Luedtke, Adam (ed.), Migrants and Minorities: the European Response, Cambridge:
Scholars Press, 2010.
Chuang, Janie, Commentary on CEDAW Article 6, in Freeman, Marsha A. et al. (eds.), The UN
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women. A Commentary,
New York: Oxford University Press, 2010.
Collins, Hugh, Is There a Human Right to Work? in Mantouvalou, V. (ed.). The Right to Work:
Legal and Philosophical Perspectives, London: Hart Publishing, pp. 17-38, 2014.
Deakin, Simon. Article 1 ‘The right to work’, in Brunn, Niklas, Lörcher, Klaus, Schömann,
Isabelle , Clauwaert, Stefan (eds.), The European Social Charter and the Employment Relation.
London: Hart Publishing, pp. 152-153, 2017.
Dodillet, Susanne, Östergren, Petra, “The Swedish Sex Purchase Act: Claimed Success and
Documented Effects”, Conference paper presented at the International Workshop: Decriminalizing
Prostitution and Beyond: Practical Experiences and Challenges. The Hague, 2011, available at:
https://gup.ub.gu.se/publication/140671, last approached 02.06.2020.
Doezema, Jo, Forced to Choose: Beyond Voluntary v. Forced Prostitution Dichotomy, in
Kempadoo, Kamala , Doezema, Jo, Global Sex Workers: Rights, Resistance, and Redefinition,
London: Routledge, pp.?, 2018.

Drzewicki, Krzysztof (a), The European Social Charter and Polish Legislation and Practice, in
Drzewicki, K., Krause C. , Rosas, A. (eds.), Social Rights as Human Rights. A European
Challenge, Turku: Institute for Human Rights Åbo Akademi University, p. 225, 1994.
Drzewicki, Krzysztof (b), The Right to Work and Rights in Work, in Eide A., Krause C. , Rosas
A. (eds.), Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. A Textbook. Second Revised Edition, Berlin:
Springer, p. 223, 2001.
Ehrenreich, Barbara , Hochschild, Arlie Russel (eds.), Global Woman. Nannies, Maids and Sex
Workers in the New Economy, London: Granta Books, 2003.
Engle, Karen, International Human Rights and Feminism: When Discourses Keep Meeting, in
Buss, Doris , Manji, Ambreen (eds.) International Law: Modern Feminist Approaches, London:
Hart Publishing, pp. 47-66, 2005.
Florin, Ola, “A Particular Kind of Violence: Swedish Social Policy Puzzles of a Multipurpose
Criminal Law”, in Sexuality Research and Social Policy, Volume 9, Issue 3, 2012, p 273.
Gall, Gregor, “Sex Worker Unionization: Global Developments, Challenges and Possibilities”,,
Basingstoke: Palgrave Macmillan, 2016; pp. 115-144.
Heber, Anita, “The hunt for an elusive crime – an analysis of Swedish measures to combat sex
trafficking”, in Journal of Scandinavian Studies in Criminology and Crime Prevention, No. 19:1,
pp. 3-21, 2018.
Hernández-Truyol, Berta E., Larson, Jane E.: “Sexual Labor and Human Rights.” in Columbia
Human Rights Law Review, Vol.37, No.2, 2006, pp. 305-267.
Holmström, Charlotta (Ed), Bjønness, Jeanett, Jensen, Mie Birk, Seikkula, Minna, Antonsdóttir,
Hildur Fjóla, Len Skilbrei, May, Søderholm, Tara, Holmström, Charlotta, Grönvall,Ylva, “Young
People, Vulnerabilities and Prostitution/Sex for Compensation in the Nordic Countries. A Study
of Knowledge, Social Initiatives and Legal Measures, Nordic Council of Ministers, TemaNord
2019
Hua, Julietta, Trafficking Women’s Human Rights, Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press,
pp. 24-25, 2011.
Huckerby, Jayne, “Feminism and International Law in the Post 9/11 Era”, in Fordham
International Law Journal, Vol. 39, 2016, pp. 547-558,
Kenner, Jeff, Economic and Social Rights in the EU Legal Order: The Mirage of Indivisibility, in
Kenner, Jeff , Hervey, Tamara K (eds.), Economic and Social Rights under the EU Charter of
Fundamental Rights—A Legal Perspective, London: Hart Publishing, pp. ?, 2003
Kilvington, Judith, Day, Sophie, Ward, Helen, “Prostitution Policy in Europe: A Time of
Change?”, in Feminist Review No. 67 (1)., , 2001, pp. 78-93.

Kingston, Sarah., Thomas, Terry, “No model in practice: a ‘Nordic model’ to respond to
prostitution?”, in Crime, Law and Social Change 71, 2019, pp 429 – 433.
Lafargue, Paul, The Right to Be Lazy, Chicago: Charles Kerr and Co., Co-operative, 1883,
available at https://www.marxists.org/archive/lafargue/1883/lazy/ (last accessed on April 30,
2020).
Mantouvalou, Virginia, “Labour Rights in the European Convention on Human Rights: An
Intellectual Justification for an Integrated Approach to Interpretation”, in Human Rights Law
Review, Volume 13, Issue 3, pp. 529–555, 2013, available at https://doi.org/10.1093/hrlr/ngt001
(last accessed on April 30, 2020).
Marshall, Rachel, “Sex Workers and Human Rights: A Critical Analysis of Laws Regarding Sex
Work”, in William , Mary Journal of Women and the Law 23, no. 1, p. 47, 2016, available at
http://scholarship.law.wm.edu/wmjowl/vol23/iss1/5 (last accessed on April 30, 2020).
Mgbako, Chi, The Mainstreaming of Sex Workers' Rights as Human Rights in Harvard Journal
of Law and Gender, Vol. 43, pp. 110-154
Mgbako, Chi , Smith, Laura A., “Sex Work and Human Rights in Africa”, in Fordham
International
Law
Journal,
Volume
33,
Issue
4,
2011,
available
at
https://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/ilj/vol33/iss4/2 (last accessed on April 30, 2020).
Müller, Amrei, Limitations to and Derogations from Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, in
Human Rights Law Review, Oxford University Press. p. 584, 2009.
Mundlak, Guy, The Right to Work – The Value of Work, in Barak-Erez, Daphne and Gross, Aeyal
M. (eds.), Exploring Social Rights Between Theory and Practice, London: Hart Publishing, p. 342,
2007.
O’Cinneide, Colm, The Right to Work in International Human Rights Law, in Mantouvalou,
Virginia (ed.), The Right to Work: Legal and Philosophical Perspectives, London: Hart Publishing,
pp. 99-122, 2014.
O'Connell, Rory, “The right to work in the ECHR”, in European Human Rights Law Review, No.
2, pp. 176-190, 2012.
Östergren, Petra, “From Zero-Tolerance to Full Integration: Rethinking Prostitution Policies”,
DemandAT Working Paper No. 10, 2017, available at http://www.demandat.eu/publications/zerotolerance-full-integration-rethinking-prostitution-policies, last approached 01.06.2020.
Östergren, Petra, Sweden, in Jahnsen, Synnøve Økland, Wagenaar, Hendrik (eds.) Assessing
Prostitution Policies in Europe, Abingdon-on-Thames: Routledge, pp 169-180, 2019.
Otto, Diane, Disconcerting “Masculinities”, in Buss, Doris , Manji, Ambreen (eds.), International
Law: Modern Feminist Approaches, London: Hart Publishing, p. 106, 2005.
Pitcher, Jane, , Wijers, Marjan, “The Impact of Different Regulatory Models on the Labour
Conditions, Safety and Welfare of Indoor-Based Sex Workers”, in Criminology and Criminal
Justice, Volume 14, No. 5, pp. 549-564, 2014.

Romanova, Veronika. Transformatcia sotcialnogo prostranstva zhenskoi prostitutsii (na primere
molodyh zhenschi, okazyvauschikh seksualnye uslugi v Sanct Pererburge). (The transformation of
female prostitution’s social space: the example of young commercial sex workers in St.
Petersburg), in Zhurnal Sotsiologii I Sotcialnoi Antrpologii № 5, 2015, pp 128 – 142.
Rosenblum, Darren, “Unsex CEDAW, or What's Wrong With Women's Rights”, in Columbia
Journal
of
Gender
and
Law,
Vol.
20,
2011,
available
at
http://digitalcommons.pace.edu/lawfaculty/810 (last accessed on April 30, 2020)
Roth, Venla, Defining Human Trafficking and Identifying Its Victims. A Study on the Impact and
Future Challenges of International, in European and Finnish Legal Responses to ProstitutionRelated Trafficking in Human Beings, Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2011, pp.27-30.
Saul, Ben, Kinley, David , Mowbray, Jaqueline, Article 6: The right to work, in The International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Commentary, Cases, and Materials, Oxford
University Press, 2014, pp. 270-389.
Scott, Craig, Multinational Enterprises and Emergent Jurisprudence on Violations of Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights, in Eide, A., Krause, C. , Rosas, A. (eds.), Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights. A Textbook. Second Revised Edition, Berlin: Springer, 2001, pp. 569.
Shamir, Hila, “A Labor Paradigm for Human Trafficking”, in UCLA Law Review, Vol. 60, No. 1,
2012, pp. 75-136
Scheinin, Martin, “The Right to Social Security”, in Eide Asbjorn, Krause Catarina, Rosas Allan
(eds.), Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. A Textbook. Second Revised Edition, Berlin:
Springer, 2001, pp. 211-222.
Simms, Rupe, “Controlling Imnorages and the Gender Construction of Enslaved African Women”,
in Gender and Society, Vol. 15, No. 6, 2001, pp. 879-897.
Smith, Molly, Mac, Juno “Revolting Prostitutes: The Fight for Sex Workers' Rights” Verso Books,
2018.
Sutherland, Kate, “Work, Sex, and Sex-Work: Competing Feminist Discourses on the International
Sex Trade”, in Osgoode Hall Law Journal, Vol. 42, pp. 139-167, 2004.
Swepston, Lee, Closing the gap between International Law and U.S. Labor Law, in Gross, James
A. (ed.), Workers’ Rights as Human Rights, Ithaca: ILR Press, pp. 53 – 77, 2003.
Yttergren, Asa , Westerstrand, Jenny, “The Swedish Legal Approach to Prostitution. Trends and
Tendencies in the Prostitution Debate”, in NORA - Nordic Journal of Feminist and Gender
Research, 24:1, 2016, pp. 45-55.
INTERNATIONAL TREATIES
2019

ILO 190 - Violence and Harassment Convention, 2019 (No. 190). Concluded 21
June 2019, As of 06.06.2020 has not entered into force.

2014
2011
2006
2005
2000

1999
1996

Protocol of 2014 to the Forced Labour Convention, 1930. Concluded: 11 June
2014, entered into force: 09 November 2016.
Convention (No. 189) concerning decent work for domestic workers. Concluded:
16 June 2011, entered into force: 5 September 2013. UNTS 2955
Convention (No. 184) concerning safety and health in agriculture. Concluded: 15
June 2006, entered into force: 20 February 2009. 2564 UNTS 291
Council of Europe, Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings.
Concluded: 16 May 2005, entered into force: 1 February 2008. ETS 197
Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially
Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against
Transnational Organized Crime. Concluded: 15 November 2000, entered into
force: 29 September 2003. 2225 UNTS 209.
Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition and immediate action for the
elimination of the worst forms of child labour. Concluded: 17 June1999, entered
into force: 19 November 2000, 2133 UNTS 161.
Council of Europe, European Social Charter (Revised). Concluded 3 May 1996,
entered into force: 1 July 1999. ETS 163.

1990

International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers
and Members of Their Families. Concluded: 18 December 1990, entered into
force: 1 July 2003. 2220 UNTS 3.

1989

Convention on the Rights of the Child. Concluded: 20 November 1989, entered
into
force: 2 September 1990. 1577 UNTS 28
Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Concluded:18 December 1979, entered into force: 3 September 1981. 1249
UNTS 13.
International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. Concluded: 16
December 1966, entered into force: 3 January 1976. 993 UNTS 3.

1979
1976
1972

European Convention on Social Security and Supplementary Agreement as to its
Application. Concluded: 14 December 1972, entered into force: 1 March 1977.
ETS 78.

1964

European Code of Social Security. Concluded: 16 April 1964, entered into force:
17 March 1968. ETS 48.

1961

European Social Charter. Concluded: 18 October 1961, entered into force: 26
February 1965. ETS 35.
Convention (No. 111) concerning Discrimination in Respect of Employment and
Occupation. Concluded: 25 June 1958, entered into force: 15 June 1960. 362
UNTS 31.

1958

1957

Convention (No.105) concerning the Abolition of Forced Labour. Concluded: 25
June 1957, entered into force: 17 January 1959. 320 UNTS 291.

1952

Convention (No. 102) concerning Minimum Standards of Social Security.
Concluded: 28 June 1952, entered into force: 27 April 1955. 210 UNTS 131.

1951

Convention (No. 100) concerning equal remuneration for men and women
workers for work of equal value. Concluded: 29 June 1951, entered into force: 23
May 1953. 303 UNTS 165.

1951

Convention (No. 98) concerning the Application of the Principles of the Right to
Organise and to Bargain Collectively. Concluded: 1July 1949, entered into force:
18 July 1951. 96 UNTS 257.

1950

Council of Europe, European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms, as amended by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, concluded 4
November 1950, entered into force 3 September 1953, ETS 5.

1930

Convention (No. 29) concerning Forced or Compulsory Labour. Concluded: 28
June
1930, entered into force: 1 May 1932. 39 UNTS 55.

INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW
2011 Kiyutin v. Russia, European Court of Human Rights, (App.No 2700/10), Judgement of 10
March 2011.
2010 C.N. and V. v. France, European Court of Human Rights (App. No 67724/09), Judgement
of 11.10.2010.
2010 Schuitemaker v the Netherlands, European Court of Human Rights (App. No 15906/08),
Decision of 04 May 2010.
2010 Rantsev v. Cyprus and Russia, European Court of Human Rights (App. No. 25965/04),
Judgement of 07 January 2010
2010 A., B. and C v Ireland, European Court of Human Rights (App. No 25579/05), Judgement
of 16 December 2010.
2009 Danilenkov and others v Russia, European Court of Human Rights, (App. No 67336/01),
Judgement of 30 July 2009.
2006 V. T. V FRANCE, European Court of Human Rights (APP. No 37194/02), Judgement of 16
may 2006.
2001 Aldona Malgorzata Jany and Others v Staatssecretaris van Justitie. . European Court of
Justice Case C-268/99, Judgement of 20 November 2001, European Court Reports 2001 I-08615.

1983 Dudgeon v the UK, European Court of Human Rights , (App. No 7525/76), Judgement of
24 February 1983.
1982 Rezguia Adoui v Belgian State and City of Liège; Dominique Cornuaille v Belgian State.
European Court of Justice, Joined cases 115 and 116/81. Judgement of 18 May 1982. . European
Court Reports 1982 -01665.
1975 National Union of Belgian Police v Belgium, European Court of Human Rights, (App. No
4464/70), Judgement of 27 October 1975.
NATIONAL LAW AND CASE LAW
2020 Decree of the Government of the Russian Federation of March 27, 2020 N 346 (as amended
on April 12, 2020) "On the amount of the minimum and maximum unemployment benefits for
2020"
2019 Resolution of the Plenum of the Supreme Court of the Russian Federation of December 24,
2019 N 58 "On judicial practice in cases of kidnapping, illegal deprivation of liberty and trafficking
in persons"
2019 Prikaz Mintruda Rossii ot 18.07.2019 N 512n "Ob utverzhdenii perechnya proizvodstv,
rabot i dolzhnostey s vrednymi i (ili) opasnymi usloviyami truda, na kotorykh ogranichivayetsya
primeneniye truda zhenshchin" [Order of the Ministry of Labor of Russia of July 18, 2019 No.
512n "On approval of the list of companies, jobs and positions with harmful and (or) dangerous
working conditions, for which the use of labor of women is limited"], available at
http://www.consultant.ru/document/cons_doc_LAW_331608/
2019 Order of the Ministry of Labor and Social Protection of the Russian Federation dated
December 30, 2019 N 840 "On approval of recommendations on the formation of regional plans
and managerial mechanisms aimed at improving the status of women”/ Bulletin of Labor and
Social Legislation of the Russian Federation, 2020, No. 3
2015 Appeal ruling No. 33-21419/2014 33-828/2015 of January 28, 2015 in case No. 3321419/2014 //sudact.ru/regular/doc/8EOryyhQRI18/
2013 Appeal ruling No. 33-19137 / 2013 of December 24, 2013 in case No. 33-19137/2013
//sudact.ru/regular/doc/MolhaaFyICLt/
2005

Swedish Alien Act (2005:716)

2003

UK Sexual Offences Act 2003,.

2003

Federal Law of the Russian Federation 08.12.2003 N 162-FZ

2001 "Kodeks Rossiyskoy Federatsii ob administrativnykh pravonarusheniyakh" [Code of the
Russian Federation on Administrative Offenses] from 30.12.2001 #195-FZ
2001 “Trudovoy kodeks Rossiyskoy Federatsii” [Labor Code of the Russian Federation] from
30.12.2001
No.
197-FZ
(edt.
on
16.12.2019)
//available
at
http://www.consultant.ru/cons/cgi/online.cgi?req=doc,base=LAW,n=340339,fld=134,dst=10000
6,0,rnd=0.4124199443269637#06944969943952717 (last accessed on 07.01.2020).
2001 Swedish Social Services Act 2001:453
2000 Postanovleniye Pravitel'stva RF ot 25.02.2000 N 162 "Ob utverzhdenii perechnya
tyazhelykh rabot i rabot s vrednymi ili opasnymi usloviyami truda, pri vypolnenii kotorykh
zapreshchayetsya primeneniye truda zhenshchin” (Decree of the Government of the Russian
Federation of February 25, 2000 N 162 "On approval of the list of heavy work and work with
harmful or dangerous working conditions, the implementation of which prohibits the use of
women's labor"), available at http://www.consultant.ru/document/cons_doc_LAW_26328/.
1996 Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (from 13.06.1996 No. 63-FZ (revised on
07.04.2020) (as revised and amended, entered into force on 12.04.2020)/ available at (Russian
language) http://www.consultant.ru/document/cons_doc_LAW_10699/
1994 Civil Code of the Russian Federation (Part One) от 30.11.1994 N 51-ФЗ (ред. от
16.12.2019), available at http://www.consultant.ru/document/cons_doc_LAW_5142/ (last
accessed on 05.01.2020)
1993 "Konstitutsiya Rossiyskoy Federatsii" [Constitution of the Russian Federation] (adopted
by popular vote on 12/12/1993)
1962

Swedish Criminal Code, SFS 1962:700

DECLARATIONS, RESOLUTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
2018 Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality, ‘On Sexual Exploitation and
Prostitution and Its Impact on Gender Equality’, (European Parliament 2018) available at:
http://www.europarl.europa.eu/sides/getDoc.do?pubRef=-//EP//TEXT+REPORT+A7-20140071+0+DOC+XML+V0//EN#title6
2018 CEDAW Committee, General Recommendation No. 37 on Gender-related
dimensions of disaster risk reduction in the context of climate change, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/GC/37, 7 February 2018

2018 CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 37 “On gender-related dimensions of
disaster risk reduction in the context of climate change”, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/37, 2018.
2017 Justice and Civil Liberties on Sex Work in Contemporary International Human Rights Law
UN Human Rights Council, Report of the Special Rapporteur on the right of everyone to the
enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health, UN Doc.
A/HRC/35/21, 28 March 2017.
2017 UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR) General comment No
24 on State obligations under the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
in the context of business activities, UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/24, 10 August 2017
2016 UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General comment No.
23 (2016) on the right to just and favourable conditions of work (article 7 of the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights), UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/23, 7 April 2016
2016 ILO Report: VIET NAM’S SEX INDUSTRY – A Labour Right Perspective. A
QUALITATIVE
STUDY
–
SUMMARY
REPORT,
available
at
https://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/---asia/---ro-bangkok/---ilohanoi/documents/publication/wcms_524918.pdf (last accessed on April 30, 2020)
2015 CEDAW Committee, General recommendation on women’s access to justice, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/GC/33, 23 July 2015

2015

ILO Recommendation No 204, Transition from the Informal to the Formal Economy, 2015

2015 CEDAW Committee, General recommendation “On women’s access to justice”, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/GC/33, 2015.
2013 CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 35 on gender-based violence against
women, updating general recommendation No. 19, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/GC/35, 2013.
2013 CEDAW Committee individual communication Svetlana Medvedeva v Russian
Federation, application N 60/2013 (2016)
2012 UNAIDS Guidance note on HIV and sex work (updated April 2012), available at
https://www.unaids.org/en/resources/documents/2012/20120402_UNAIDS-guidance-note-HIVsex-work (last accessed on 07.01.2020)
2010 ILO Recommendation No 200 concerning HIV and AIDS and the World of Work, 2010.

2009 Working Group on Trafficking in Persons, ‘Analysis of Key Concepts of the Trafficking
in Persons Protocol’ (9 December 2009) CTOC/COP/WG.4/2010/2.
2009 The cost of coercion. Global Report under the follow-up to the ILO Declaration on
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, International Labour Conference. 98th Session 2009,
Geneva, ILO Publications, 2009
2008 CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 26 “On women migrant workers”, UN
Doc. CEDAW/C/2009/WP.1/R, 2008
2008
UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General Comment
No 19, The right to social security (art. 9), UN. Doc. E/C.12/GC/19, 2008
2008
UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, General Comment No 19, The
right to social security (art. 9), UN. Doc. E/C.12/GC/19, 2008
2007 Council of Europe Parliamentary Assembly, Committee on Equal Opportunities for
Women and Men Report “Prostitution - which stance to take”, PA CoE No 11352, 09.07.2007
2006 UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General Comment No.
18: The Right to Work (Article 6 of the Covenant), UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/18, 2006.
2006
UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), General Comment
No. 18: The Right to Work (Article 6 of the Covenant), UN Doc. E/C.12/GC/18, 6 February 2006
2004 Council Directive 2004/81/EC of 29 April 2004 on the residence permit issued to thirdcountry nationals who are victims of trafficking in human beings or who have been the subject of
an action to facilitate illegal immigration, who cooperate with the competent authorities (Directive
2004/81/EC)
2002 Conclusions concerning decent work and the informal economy, General Conference of
the International Labour Organization, 90th session.
2000 Interpretative notes for the official records (travaux préparatoires) of the negotiation of the
United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto.
Interpretative Notes A/55/383/Add.1.
1992
1992.

CEDAW, General Recommendation No 19 “Violence against women”, UN Doc. A/47/38,

1990
UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR) General Comment
No. 3: The Nature of States Parties’ Obligations (Art. 2, Para. 1, of the Covenant), UN Doc.
E/1991/23, 14 December 1990

1986 UN Commission on Human Rights, Note verbale dated 5 December 1986 from the
Permanent Mission of the Netherlands to the United Nations Office at Geneva addressed to the
Centre for Human Rights ("Limburg Principles"), 8 January 1987, UN Doc. E/CN.4/1987/17.
1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 1948, adopted by the UN General
Assembly Resolution 217 A (III).
CONCLUDING OBSERVATIONS
2019 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
on the fourth periodic report of Andorra. , UN Doc. CEDAW/C/AND/CO/4, 13 November 2019.
2019 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
on the sixth periodic report of Lithuania, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/LTU/CO/6, 12 November 2019.
2019 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
on the sixth periodic report of Bosnia and Herzegovina, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/BIH/CO/6, 8
November 2019.
2019 European Social Charter Governmental Committee, Report concerning Conclusions 2017
of the European Social Charter (Revised), No GC(2018)24, 31 January 2019.

2018 European Social Charter Governmental Committee, Report concerning Conclusions 2017
of the European Social Charter (Revised), No GC(2018)24, 31 January 2019
2018 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
on the combined eighth and ninth periodic reports of Sweden UN Doc. CEDAW/C/SWE/CO/8-9,
27), February 2018.
2017 Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, Concluding observations on the sixth
periodic report of the Russian Federation UN Doc. E/C.12/RUS/CO/6 , 16 October 2017.
2016 Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights Concluding observations of the on
the sixth periodic report of Sweden UN Doc. E/C.12/SWE/CO/6, 14 July 2016.
2016 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
on the combined seventh and eighth periodic reports of France, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/FRA/CO/78, 25 July 2016.

2016 CEDAW Committee Concluding observations on the sixth periodic report of the
Netherlands, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/NLD/CO/6, 24 November 2016.

2015 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
on the eighth periodic report of the Russian Federation, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/RUS/CO/8, 20
November 2015.

2012

ESCR Conclusions 2012 - Albania - Article 1-2 2012/def/ALB/1/2/EN.

2010 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women Concluding observations
on the combined sixth and seventh report of the Russian Federation, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/USR/7,
2010.
2010 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
UN Doc. CEDAW/C/USR/CO/7 30 July 2010.
2010 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Concluding observations
The Netherlands, UN Doc. CEDAW/C/NLD/CO/5, 5 February 2010.
1969 European Committee of Social Rights, Conclusions I, Statement of interpretation – Article
3, No I_Ob_-11/Ob/EN, 31/05/1969.
OTHER DOCUMENTS
2019 Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Ninth periodic report
submitted by the Russian Federation under article 18 of the CEDAW, due in 2019, UN Doc.
CEDAW/C/RUS/9.

2019

CESCR Seventh periodic report of Belarus, due in 2019 UN Doc. E/C.12/BLR/7.

2019 “Svodnyye statisticheskiye svedeniya o deyatel'nosti federal'nykh sudov obshchey
yurisdiktsii i mirovykh sudey za 1 polugodiye 2019 goda” [Summary statistics on the activities of
federal courts of general jurisdiction and justices of the peace for the 1st half of the 2019], available
at
http://www.cdep.ru/index.php?id=79,item=5083,
(last
accessed
on
28.11.2019
//sudact.ru/regular/doc/8EOryyhQRI18/
2019 the CEDAW Workplan for the CEDAW General Recommendation on Trafficking in the
Context of Global Migration, as of 12 July 2019, subject to change, available at
https://www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/CEDAW/Pages/GRTrafficking.aspx, last approached
18.04.2020.
2019
Girls

CEDAW Committee Draft on General Recommendation on Trafficking of Women and
in
the
Context
of
Global
Migration,
available
at

https://www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/CEDAW/Pages/GRTrafficking.aspx,

last

approached

18.04.2020.
2010 Swedish Ministry of Justice Report: Prohibition of the purchase of sexual services. An
evaluation 1999-2008 (SOU 2010:49) to the Government, 2010. Available at
https://www.government.se/articles/2011/03/evaluation-of-the-prohibition-of-the-purchase-ofsexual-services/
2006
Trafficking in Human Beings and Peace Support Operations: Trainers’ Guide, United
Nations Interregional Crime and Justice Research Institute, 2006.
2005 UNODC Issue Paper (2005) “The Concepts of ‘Exploitation’ in the Trafficking in Persons
Protocol”
INTERNET RESOURCES
BJÖRNBOM, JONNA “PROSTITUERADE

FÅR RÄTT TILL SJUKPENNING”, IN

SVT, 5 JULI 2012,

AVAILABLE AT

Community Report by International Committee on the Rights of Sex Workers in Europe: Social
and institutional oppression experienced by sex workers in Europe, 2015
http://www.sexworkeurope.org/sites/default/files/userfiles/files/ICRSE%20CR%20StrctrlViolen
ce-final.pdf, (last accessed on 02.01.2020)
Danna, Daniela, Report on Prostitution Laws in the European Union, Università degli Studi di
Milano,
Dipartimento di scienze sociali
e politiche, 2014, available at
http://lastradainternational.org/lsidocs/3048-EU-prostitution-laws.pdf (last accessed on April 30,
2020)
Ekberg, Gunilla S. et al, Brief: Swedish Laws, Policies and Interventions on Prostitution and
Trafficking in Human Beings: A Comprehensive Overview, Stockholm, Sweden, 24 February
2018.
European Court of Human Rights Statistics by the year 2019, Available at
https://www.echr.coe.int/Pages/home.aspx?p=reports, last approached 01.06.2020.
European Parliament Report: "National legislation on prostitution and the trafficking in women
and children”. Study”,, 2005, p. 39, available at
https://ec.europa.eu/antitrafficking/publications/study-national-legislation-prostitution-and-trafficking-women-andchildren_en, last approached 04.04.2020.
European Parliament, “Sexual exploitation and prostitution and its impact on gender equality.
Study.”, 2014, available at http://www.europarl.europa.eu/studies, last approached 02.06.2020.
Framework on Rights of Sex Workers and CEDAW. Yale Law School.
https://law.yale.edu/system/files/area/center/ghjp/documents/framework_on_rights_of_sex_work
ers_cedaw.pdf (last accessed on November 19, 2018)

https://www.svt.se/nyheter/nyhetstecken/prostituerade-far-ratt-till-sjukpenning, last approached
20.05.2020.
Jackson, Crystal A., "Sex Worker Rights Organizing as Social Movement Unionism: Responding
to the Criminalization of Work" (2013). UNLV Theses, Dissertations, Professional Papers, and
Capstones. 1844. https://digitalscholarship.unlv.edu/thesesdissertations/1844, (last accessed on
January 13, 2020)
NSWP
Briefing
Note.
Social
protection,
2019,
available
https://www.nswp.org/resource/briefing-note-social-protection, last approached 20.04.2020.

at

NSWP Policy Brief: Sex Work and Gender Equality,
https://www.nswp.org/node/3512, last approached 15.05.2020.

at

2017,

available

Overs, Cheryl, “Sex Workers : Part of the Solution. An analysis of HIV prevention programming
to prevent HIV transmission during commercial sex in developing countries.” 2002
http://www.who.int/hiv/topics/vct/sw_toolkit/115solution.pdf, (last accessed on August 15, 2018)
Schultze-Florey, S.F. (2011), Prostitution and the free will – a critical view on consent in
prostitution, University of Bergen (p.95). Available at : https://bora.uib.no/handle/1956/5502 (last
accessed on April 30, 2020)
Schulze, Erika, Novo Canto, Sandra Isabel, Mason, Peter , Skalin, Maria, Sexual exploitation and
prostitution and its impact on gender equality. Study, European Parliament, 2014, available at
http://www.europarl.europa.eu/studies (last accessed on April 30, 2020)
Sharp, Corena, "Responding to Sex Workers’ Rights as Workers’ Rights: Reducing Sex
Trafficking in the Dominican Republic" (2015). Western Libraries Undergraduate Research
Award. 6.https://cedar.wwu.edu/library_researchaward/ (last accessed on April 30, 2020)
Swedish Ministry of Justice Report: Prohibition of the purchase of sexual services. An evaluation
1999-2008
(SOU
2010:49)
to
the
Government,
2010.
Available
at
https://www.government.se/articles/2011/03/evaluation-of-the-prohibition-of-the-purchase-ofsexual-services/ , last approached 07.03.2020.
Swedish Ministry of Justice Report: Prohibition of the purchase of sexual services. An evaluation
1999-2008
(SOU
2010:49)
to
the
Government,
2010.
Available
at
https://www.government.se/articles/2011/03/evaluation-of-the-prohibition-of-the-purchase-ofsexual-services/ , last approached 07.03.2020.
Swepston, Lee, “Forced and compulsory labour in international human rights law”, International
Labour Office - Geneva: ILO, 2005, available at https://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/--ed_norm/---declaration/documents/publication/wcms_342966.pdf (last accessed on 30 April,
2020)

UNAIDS Terminology Guidelines
www.unaids.org/sites/default/files/media_asset/2015_terminology_guidelines_en.pdf
accessed on August 15, 2018)

(last

Waltman, Max , MacKinnon, Catharine A., Suggestions to the Government's Review of the Sex
Purchase Act (Sweden) (March 17, 2010). Available at: http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2416479
WHO Publications: Sexual health, human rights and the law, 2015, available at
https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/publications/sexual_health/sexual-health-human-rightslaw/en/, last approached 09.04.2020.

