MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Daniel Rönnberg
THE RIGHT TO BREATHE
An Examination of How Human Rights Can Be Applied to Guarantee Access to Clean Air

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
Master’s Degree Programme in
International Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Viljam Engström
Åbo Akademi University
Turku, 2020

Daniel Rönnberg

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY
FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master’s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master’s Degree Programme in International Law and Human Rights
Author: Daniel Rönnberg
Title: The right to breathe – An Examination of How Human Rights Can Be Applied to Guarantee Access
to Clean Air
Supervisor: Viljam Engström
Supervisor:
Abstract:
Access to clean air is vital for human health. Still, more than 90 per cent of people in the world live in
areas where exposure to air pollution exceeds the WHO Air Quality Guidelines, making outdoor air
pollution is the most significant environmental threat to human health. In 2016 alone, 4.2 million people
died prematurely as a consequence of being exposed to polluted air.
The primary focus of this thesis is to examine how existing international human rights law might be
applied in order to protect access to clean air. It will start by examining why the international regulation
of the atmosphere under international environmental law is not sufficient enough and also discuss nonstate actors, such as corporations, under international law. The main focus of this thesis is to examine the
jurisprudence from international human rights courts in order to analyse how human rights have been
applied to accommodate environmental claims, and what obligations this puts upon states.
The findings of this thesis show that regulation of the atmosphere is fragmented both in terms of
substances regulated and in geographical applicability. Today, there is no global instrument regulating
the protection of the atmosphere. Additionally, air pollution is a multifaceted problem with many sources
and private actors, such as corporations, contribute significantly to the creation of air pollution. However,
non-state actors cannot be bound by international law. Hence, states must also regulate non-state actors
in order to not violate human rights.
Exposure to polluted air can violate several well-established human rights, such as the right to life, health
or privacy. This is possible due to the re-interpretation of human rights to accommodate environmental
considerations. Additionally, the right to a healthy environment is recognized by the African Charter on
Human and Peoples’ Rights as well as the Protocol of San Salvador to the American Convention on
Human Rights.
An examination of cases concerning human rights affected by environmental degradation concludes that
states do not only have a negative duty to refrain from violating human rights, but also a positive
obligation to actively protect the rights. Related to human rights and clean air, three such positive
obligations can be identified; the obligation to adopt and implement a legal framework, the obligation to
protect individuals against environmental harm from private actors, and the obligation to prevent
transboundary pollution.

Keywords: human rights, environmental rights, clean air, air pollution, right to a healthy environment,
international environmental law
Date: 3.7.2020
Number of pages: 93 (iii, 78, XII)
Number of words (excl. bibliography): 28,591
The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

i

Daniel Rönnberg

Table of Contents
Abstract ............................................................................................................................ i
List of abbreviations ...................................................................................................... iii
1 Introduction ................................................................................................................. 1
1.1 The Importance of Being Able to Breathe Clean Air ............................................. 1
1.2 Aim and Purpose .................................................................................................... 6
1.3 Material and Methodology ..................................................................................... 7
1.4 Definitions .............................................................................................................. 9
2 How International Environmental Law Is (Failing?) to Regulate Air Pollution . 11
2.1 General Reflections on International Environmental Law ................................... 11
2.2 Approaches to Regulating Air Pollution .............................................................. 13
2.2.1 A Fragmented Body of Law Regulating a Significant Problem.................... 13
2.2.2 The 1972 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution ........... 15
2.2.3 EU Regulations on Air Quality ..................................................................... 16
2.2.4 Relationship Between Climate Change and Air Pollution ............................ 17
2.3 ILC Draft Guidelines on the Protection of the Atmosphere ................................. 19
3 Clean Air and Corporate Obligations ..................................................................... 22
3.1 How Corporations Are Regulated Under International Law ................................ 22
3.2 Corporate Self-Regulation and Voluntary Mechanisms....................................... 24
3.2.1 Corporate Social Responsibility .................................................................... 24
3.2.2 The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises ................................... 25
3.2.3 UN Initiatives ................................................................................................ 31
3.2.3.1 Ruggie Rules and the UN Guiding Principles on Businesses and Human Rights .....31
3.2.3.2 The UN Global Compact...........................................................................................35

3.3 An Attempt to Create a Binding Instrument for Regulating Corporations .......... 38
3.4 Home State Responsibility for Internationally Wrongful Acts ............................ 40
4 The Environment as a Human Rights Issue............................................................ 43
4.1 Emergence of Environmental Human Rights ....................................................... 43
4.2 How Human Rights Can Be Applied in an Environmental Context .................... 45
4.3 Justiciability of Environmental Rights ................................................................. 49
4.4 Rights Vulnerable to Environmental Degradation ............................................... 52
4.4.1 Right to Life .................................................................................................. 52
4.4.2 Right to Health .............................................................................................. 59
4.4.3 Right to Privacy ............................................................................................. 62
4.4.4 Right to a Healthy Environment .................................................................... 67
5 Conclusion .................................................................................................................. 76
Bibliography ..................................................................................................................... I

ii

Daniel Rönnberg

List of Abbreviations
ACHR

American Convention on Human Rights

ARSIWA

ILC Draft Articles on the Responsibility of States for
Internationally Wrongful Acts

CESCR

Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

CLRTAP

Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution

CSR

Corporate Social Responsibility

ECHR

European Convention on Human Rights

ECtHR

European Court of Human Rights

EU

European Union

HRC

Human Rights Committee

ICCPR

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

ICESCR

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights

ICJ

International Court of Justice

ILA

International Law Association

ILC

International Law Commission

ILO

International Labour Organization

OECD

Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development

OEIGWG

Open-ended intergovernmental working group on transnational
corporations and other business enterprises with respect to human
rights

OP-ICESCR

Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights

SDG(s)

Sustainable Development Goals(s)

UN

United Nations

UNECE

United Nations Economic Commission for Europe

UNFCCC

United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change

UNGA

United Nations General Assembly

UNEA

United Nations Environmental Assembly

UDHR

Universal Declaration of Human Rights

WHO

World Health Organization

iii

Daniel Rönnberg

1 Introduction
1.1 The Importance of Being Able to Breathe Clean Air
Access to clean air is vital for human health and for life itself. Nevertheless, according to
the World Health Organization (WHO), more than 90 per cent of all the people in the
world live in areas where exposure to air pollution exceeds the WHO Air Quality
Guidelines (WHO Guidelines), making it unhealthy or even dangerous to breathe. The
problem is so acute that the WHO has stated that ambient – or outdoor – air pollution is
the most significant environmental threat to human health. Exposure to polluted air can
be linked to several different types of diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases,
respiratory diseases and cancer, which in turn can lead to death. It has been estimated that
in 2016 alone, more than 4.2 million people died prematurely due to breathing polluted
air.1 The impact that air pollution has on human health depends on the type of pollutant,
its concentration, length of exposure, exposure to other pollutants simultaneously or
underlying diseases. People living in cities are also more exposed to air pollution due to
industrialisation and the higher demand for energy and vehicles.2 Although ambient air
pollution is a global health problem affecting all countries in the world, some 91 per cent
of the deaths linked to exposure to air pollution, occurred in low- and middle-income
countries in South-East Asia and the Pacific.3
There are many different types of air pollutants. The WHO Guidelines offers guidelines
and limits for four types – ozone (O3), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), sulphur dioxide (SO2) and
particulate matter (PM) – which are the pollutants with most substantial evidence of their
negative impact on human health. Out of these four, PM is the most researched type of
pollutant and it affects human health more than any other, which is why it is often used
as a proxy indicator for air pollution. PM with a diameter of 10 or 2.5 microns or less
(PM10 and PM2.5) are especially dangerous to human health, as it can penetrate deep into

1

WHO, “Ambient (outdoor) air pollution: Key facts”, available on https://www.who.int/en/newsroom/fact-sheets/detail/ambient-(outdoor)-air-quality-and-health, accessed 29 June 2020.
2
Kampa & Castanas, 2008, pp. 365–366.
3
WHO, “Ambient (outdoor) air pollution: Key facts”, available on https://www.who.int/en/newsroom/fact-sheets/detail/ambient-(outdoor)-air-quality-and-health, accessed 29 June 2020.

1

Daniel Rönnberg

the lungs and enter the blood system.4 Still, with convincing evidence on the danger of
these pollutants, most countries do not regulate substances enough. According to a 2017
global review of national air quality standards, which aimed to identify to which degree
the WHO Guidelines had been incorporated into the national air quality standards of 194
countries, showed that 57 countries do not have any air quality standards in place at all.5
The study also showed that in the most polluted areas in the world, deterioration is
escalating further. The result can be linked to poor air quality governance, uncontrolled
economic development and rapid urbanisation. However, the problem is also escalated
by the trend of big corporations outsourcing parts of their activities to middle- and lowincome countries in order to save money and increase profits. This outsourcing is often
carried out by establishing industries in countries where environmental regulations and
labour rights are not as strict as in higher-income countries.6
The problem of air pollution has been acknowledged by many international bodies, such
as the United Nations Environment Assembly (UNEA). In 2014, the UNEA stated that
“poor air quality is a growing challenge in the context of sustainable development, in
particular related to health in cities and urban areas, and that efforts across sectors to
improve air quality are needed”.7 The UNEA further called for expanded
intergovernmental, regional and international cooperation and encouraged governments
to take action in order to improve air quality and protect human health and the
environment, as well as establishing action plans and air quality standard based on the
WHO Guidelines.8 As a response to these calls for efforts, the Sustainable Development
Goals (SDGs) were elaborated,9 where the need to limit air pollution is integrated into

4

WHO, “Ambient (outdoor) air pollution: Key facts”, available on https://www.who.int/en/newsroom/fact-sheets/detail/ambient-(outdoor)-air-quality-and-health, accessed 29 June 2020.
5
Kutlar Joss, Eeftens, Gintowt, Kappeler & Künzli, 2017, p. 455. This accounted for 27 per cent of the
countries reviewed. However, the number could also be higher, as the study was not able to find any
information regarding air quality standards for 24 countries, or 12 per cent of all the countries in the
study.
6
Ibid., pp. 459–460.
7
UNEA Resolution 1/7, Strengthening the Role of the United Nations Environment Programme in
Promoting Air Quality, 2 September 2014, UN Doc. UNEP/EA.1/10/, preamble.
8
Ibid., paras. 1–3.
9
Lode, Schönberger & Toussaint, 2016, p. 30.

2

Daniel Rönnberg

several SDGs, particularly SDG 310 and SDG 11.11 Additionally, action under at least five
other SDGs can contribute to the reduction of air pollution.12
Being primarily a concern for international environmental law, the problems associated
with air pollution are far from being solved. The regulation of air pollution is quite
fragmented and limited both in scope and in geographical applicability. There is no global
treaty regulating the atmosphere. Instead, regulation in the field is made up by a
framework of instruments with a varying degree of effectiveness.13 Environmental
disputes can be solved in different judicial bodies, both at a national, regional and
international level. Disputes between states concerning an alleged violation of
international environmental law can, for instance, be brought before the International
Court of Justice (ICJ), provided that both parties have accepted the competence of the
court.14 The ICJ has general jurisdiction and can provide Advisory Opinions and
decisions in cases brought before the court.15 However, the ICJ can only solve disputes
between two states, meaning that individuals and non-state actors are not able to be parties
to the court.16 Instead, non-state actors such as individuals, group of individuals,
communities or non-governmental organisations can be heard in international human
rights courts such as the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR).
Hence, the attention is shifted to how international human rights law can be used in order
to protect access to clean air. The topic of how environmental degradation might affect
the enjoyment of human rights has been discussed for quite some time already. As early
as 1968, the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) noted “the continuing and
accelerating impairment of the quality of the human environment caused by such factors
as air and water pollution, […] on the condition of man, his physical, mental and social

10

UNGA Resolution 70/1, Transforming our world: the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, 21
October 2015, UN Doc. A/RES/70/1. See target 3.9: “By 2030, substantially reduce the number of deaths
and illnesses from hazardous chemicals and air, water and soil pollution and contamination”.
11
Ibid. See target 11.6: “By 2030, reduce the adverse per capita environmental impact of cities, including
by paying special attention to air quality and municipal and other waste management”.
12
Lode, Schönberger & Toussaint, 2016, p. 29.
13
Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 191.
14
Statute of the International Court of Justice, concluded 26 June 1945, entry into force 24 October 1945,
33 UNTS 993, Article 35.
15
Ibid., Article 36.
16
Ibid., Article 34.

3

Daniel Rönnberg

well-being, his dignity and his enjoyment of basic human rights, in developing as well as
developed countries.”17 In 1972, the first United Nations (UN) conference on the human
environment was held in Stockholm. The final document of the conference, the
Declaration of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment (Stockholm
Declaration) acknowledges that “man has the fundamental right to freedom, equality and
adequate conditions of life, in an environment of a quality that permits a life of dignity
and well-being”.18 The Stockholm Declaration was the first environmental law instrument
to recognise the right to a healthy environment. However, as a non-binding instrument,
the Declaration did not pose any binding obligations on the state parties. Still, it has been
referred to regularly when discussing how human rights can be utilised in order to protect
access to a clean and healthy environment.
Today, almost 50 years after the adoption of the Stockholm Declaration, there is still no
global legally binding instrument recognising the human right to a healthy environment.
Even so, there have been developments both by UN treaty bodies, regional human rights
courts, special rapporteurs and other human rights mechanisms that have used human
rights law to apply in environmental issues, even in the absence of an explicit right to a
healthy environment.19 This development has been possible due to the re-interpretation,
or “greening”, of already existing human rights in order to apply in environmental
matters, as environmental degradation may interfere with the full enjoyment of already
established human rights such as the right to life and the right to private life.20 In a study
on the relationship between human rights and the environment, the UN High
Commissioner for Human Rights noted that “atmospheric-related environmental impacts
are becoming more predominant as a result of increasing human activity, population
growth and continued economic growth. These activities exacerbate atmospheric
emissions, leading to air pollution”.21 The High Commissioner also held that

17

UNGA Resolution 2398(XXIII), Problems of the human environment, 3 December 1968, UN Doc.
A/RES/2398(XXIII), preamble.
18
Stockholm Declaration, Report of the UN Conference on the Human Environment, Stockholm, 5–16
June 1972, UN Doc. A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1, Principle 1.
19
Knox, 2018, pp. 1-3.
20
Boyle, 2012, p. 614.
21
UN Human Rights Council, Analytical study on the relationship between human rights and the
environment - Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, 16 December 2011,
UN Doc. A/HRC/19/34, para. 16.

4

Daniel Rönnberg

“[e]nvironmental degradation, including pollution of air, water and land can affect the
realisation of particular rights, such as the rights to life, food and health.” 22 Hence, there
is a growing understanding that human rights can also be invoked in environmental
matters. This is evident by the number of cases before human rights courts where
applicants are claiming that their human rights have been violated as a consequence of
environmental degradation. However, applicants need to be able to prove that there is a
linkage between the rights violated and the environmental conditions that allegedly affect
the full enjoyment of human rights. This can be problematic as it might be hard to prove
such a link or since the criteria for what might constitute such a breach is not always clear.
International human rights law can only put legal obligations upon states. However, it is
important to remember that air pollution arises from a wide range of sources, such as
combustion of fuels and wastes, industrial activities, agricultural production, power
production or waste treatment, which might infringe human rights.23 Most of the times,
states are not directly responsible for causing pollution, as pollution usually arises from
industries and corporations, therefore contribute significantly to the problem through their
business activities. As an example, the main sources of SO2 and nitrogen oxides (NOx)
emissions, and the majority of PM emissions, are coming from the energy sector,
especially from power generation.24 Nevertheless, states are ultimately responsible for
ensuring that corporations within their jurisdiction do not act in an unlawful way. If
business activities may contribute to environmental degradation to such a degree that is
might violate human rights. Then, the question arises when, and to what extent, states are
responsible for corporate activities. To make matters even more complicated, it is also
worth noting that air pollution does not know any boundaries and that air pollution
originating from one country can easily affect neighbouring countries, regions or even
the whole world.

22

UN Human Rights Council, Analytical study on the relationship between human rights and the
environment - Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, 16 December 2011,
UN Doc. A/HRC/19/34, para. 7. Emphasis added.
23
WHO, “Ambient (outdoor) air pollution: Key facts”, available on https://www.who.int/en/newsroom/fact-sheets/detail/ambient-(outdoor)-air-quality-and-health, accessed 29 June 2020.
24
Rafaj, Kiesewetter, Gül, Schöpp, Cofala, Klimont, Purohit, Heyes, Amann, Borken-Kleefeld & Cozzi,
2018, pp. 1–2.

5

Daniel Rönnberg

1.2 Aim and Purpose
The purpose of this thesis is to examine how, in the absence of a globally recognised
human right to a healthy environment, the existing human rights framework might be
used as a tool to ensure access to clean air. As clean air might affect several wellestablished human rights, such as the right to health and life, this thesis will seek to answer
to what extent and how these rights can be invoked in order to protect the air.
Regulation of air quality is primarily a topic for international environmental law.
However, due to the fragmented state of the body regulating the atmosphere, this thesis
will also seek to examine why and how the existing framework for the protection of the
atmosphere might not protect the atmosphere enough and why it is therefore needed to
seek to human rights law in order to address the issue. Additionally, it will also seek to
examine the status and obligations of corporations under international law, and what
obligations state have in relation to this to regulate corporate activities.
Therefore, the research questions for this thesis are the following:
i.

How is air quality regulated under international law, and how effective is it
regarding the protection of clean air?

ii.

What is the status of corporations under international law and what obligations do
states have to regulate corporations so that they do not act in a way that might
violate environmental or human rights?

iii.

How can human rights be invoked for protecting access to clean air?

iv.

What state do obligations arise from invoking human rights in order to protect
access to clean air?

There are a few limitations to this thesis bear in mind. First, air pollution is generally
categorised as either ambient air pollution or household air pollution. The latter is mainly
caused by cooking or heating by burning unclean and inefficient fuels such as wood, coal,
wastes and dung. Although this practice causes some 4 million premature deaths

6

Daniel Rönnberg

worldwide, mostly in the WHO Africa region,25 the solution to this problem is more
policy-oriented. Therefore, this thesis will only focus on the former type of pollution.
Second, while the negative implications of environmental degradation affect people all
around the world, certain vulnerable groups such as children, indigenous peoples or
people in otherwise less favourable positions often carry the most substantial burden.
However, due to the limited scope of this thesis, such considerations will be left out, and
the focus of this thesis is therefore to provide a more general overview on how the
international human rights system can be used to protect access to clean air. Issues such
as climate change and intergenerational equity, even though closely related to the subject,
will also be ignored for the purpose of this thesis. Lastly, this thesis will only focus on
substantive obligations, leaving procedural obligations out.

1.3 Material and Methodology
The primary focus of this thesis is to examine how existing international law might be
applied in order to protect the atmosphere. Hence, this thesis will utilise both international
environmental law and human rights instruments. In addition, soft-law instruments will
also be extensively used in order to clarify and describe the provisions found in hard-law
instruments.
As the aim of the thesis is to provide an overview of how the international human rights
system may be used as a tool to protect access to clean air, the main international and
regional human rights instruments will be the starting point for the analysis. These
instruments are the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR),26 the Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR),27 the Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural

25

WHO, “Household air pollution and health: Key facts”, available on https://www.who.int/newsroom/fact-sheets/detail/household-air-pollution-and-health, accessed 30 June 2020.
26
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 1948, 217 A (III).
27
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, concluded 16 December 1966, entered into force
23 March 1976, 999 UNTS 171.

7

Daniel Rönnberg

Rights (IESCR),28 the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR),29 the American
Convention on Human Rights (ACHR),30 and the African Charter on Human and Peoples’
Rights (Banjul Charter).31 As most of these instruments do not explicitly recognise the
right to a healthy environment, jurisprudence from both the UN human rights bodies as
well as regional human rights courts will be analysed in order to establish how the rights
contained in the instruments can be applied in an environmental context.
In the first substantive chapter, chapter 2, the international regulations for the protection
of the atmosphere (air) will be briefly discussed. The purpose of the chapter is to give an
overview of the existing regulations concerning the atmosphere and to highlight the
strengths and weaknesses of the body of law. The relevance of the chapter lays in the fact
that protection of air is a concern for international environmental law.
Chapter 3 will discuss corporations and their obligation to respect human rights and the
environment. As there are no legally binding instruments that give corporations
obligations under international law, this chapter will discuss why this is problematic due
to the increasing influence that corporations have on the international arena.
The last and final chapter before the conclusion, chapter 4, is the main chapter of this
thesis. It will examine how the existing human rights framework can be utilised in order
to protect access to clean air. Most cases deal with issues related to environmental
degradation, and there are only a few relating to explicitly air pollution. However, as
environmental degradation is a broad concept concerning the deterioration of both land,
water, air, soil etc., the reasoning in cases concerning environmental degradation
affecting human rights can also be analogically applied on human rights violations caused
by air pollution.32

28

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, concluded 16 December 1966,
entered into force 3 January 1976, 993 UNTS 3.
29
European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, concluded 4
November 1950, entered into force 3 September 1953, ETS No.005.
30
American Convention on Human Rights, concluded 22 November 1969, entered into force 18 July
1978, OAS Treaty Series No. 36.
31
African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights, concluded 1 June 1981, entered into force 21 October
1986, OAU No. 26363.
32
See Chapter 1.4. Definitions below.

8

Daniel Rönnberg

1.4 Definitions
“Environmental degradation” is defined as the deterioration of the world’s environment
through resource depletion, such as land, air, water, soil etc. and pollution leading to
changes or disturbances in the environment that are deleterious or undesirable. Even
though environmental degradation can occur naturally, it is often accelerated or caused
by human activities. One contributing factor for environmental degradation is human
disposal of wastes into the environment at a higher rate than what the earth naturally can
handle.33 Environmental degradation as a consequence of depletion of natural resources,
people are less likely to have access to basic needs, such as clean food, clean water and
clean air. Additionally, environmental degradation may also help with the spreading, or
be the cause, of diseases or increase the risks of natural disasters. Poor regulation or
enforcement of environmental standards also contribute to environmental degradation.34
Hence, environmental degradation poses a multifaceted risk to human health and life.
Therefore, many international organisations recognise environmental degradation as one
of the major threats facing humanity.
“Pollution” is defined as “the contamination of the physical and biological components
of the earth/atmosphere system to such an extent that normal environmental processes are
adversely affected.”35 Pollutants can be naturally occurring substances but are considered
as contaminants when in excess of natural levels. Usage of natural resources at a higher
rate than what nature can restore itself can result in pollution.36
A general definition of the term “air pollution” can be found in the 1972 Convention on
Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution (CLRTAP). In Article 1, air pollution is
defined as:
[…] introduction by man, directly or indirectly, of substances or energy into the air
resulting in deleterious effects of such a nature as to endanger human health, harm
living resources and ecosystems and material property and impair or interfere with

33

El-Haggar, 2007, p. 135.
Ibid.. 136–137.
35
Muralikrishna & Manickam, 2017, p. 1.
36
Ibid.
34

9

Daniel Rönnberg

amenities and other legitimate uses of the environment, and “air pollutants” shall be
construed accordingly[.]37

As noted above, the definition of the term “air pollution” does include concerns about
human health. In fact, this is not uncommon, as a constant theme of many international
environmental agreements is human health, and many of these incorporate similar
wordings into their definition of pollution.38 Also, according to the definition above,
pollution is to be understood as human interference, i.e. it does not take into account
natural processes causing emissions, which are harmful to, in addition to humans, the
environment including the built environment, i.e. properties.39

37

Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution, concluded 13 November 1979, entered into
force 16 March 1983, 1302 UNTS 217, Article 1.
38
Anton & Shelton, 2011, p. 438.
39
Dupuy & Viñuales, 2018, p. 152.

10

Daniel Rönnberg

2 How International Environmental Law Is (Failing?) to Regulate Air Pollution
2.1 General Reflections on International Environmental Law
The protection of the atmosphere is an issue for international environmental law.
However, there is no single body of law that regulates the atmosphere, as the problems
facing the atmosphere are multifaceted and differs from each other. Regulation of the
atmosphere is therefore built around specific problems, such as air pollution, climate
change, the acidification of the environment, or the depletion of the ozone layer.40 These
fields of protection vary a bit, but there are some overlapping principles and objects of
regulation. For example, both the body of law regulating air pollution or quality and the
body of law regulating climate change might both address issues arising from certain
types of pollutants to some extent, such as methane which might contribute both to global
warming and air pollution. However, the focus and the priorities of both regimes have
tended to be on different kinds of pollutants.41
International environmental law, like other branches of international law, consists of
different types of obligations depending on whether the obligation is considered as “hard
law” or “soft law”. Hard law creates a legally binding obligation on states while soft law
is not formally binding but still exercise some authority as a consequence of international
consensus. Although not legally binding, soft law obligations may lead to the creation of
customary international law or later adoption of binding instruments on the subject.42
A common characteristic of international environmental law is that when regulating an
environmental problem, a framework treaty is frequently adopted. This kind of
framework treaty usually sets out the general guidelines and establish the institutional
arrangements and the procedures for the adoption of subsequent protocols, which in turn
can create more detailed obligations. These frameworks or protocols do usually contain
annexes which may include technical, scientific or administrative procedures relevant for
the fulfilment of the purpose of the agreement. A strength of this three-levelled approach

40

Dupuy & Viñuales, 2018, p. 147.
von Schneidemesser, Monks, Allan, Bruhwiler, Forster, Fowler, Lauer, Morgan, Paasonen, Righi,
Sindelarova & Sutton, 2015, pp. 3856–3857. See also Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 195.
42
Sands, Peel, Fabra & MacKenzie, 2018, p. 101.
41

11

Daniel Rönnberg

to regulation is that it allows for more flexibility and makes it easier to react to the
development, both of a political, scientific and environmental nature.43
There are several general principles of international environmental law applicable to air
pollution. The most central are the principles of no harm and prevention. The historical
root of these principles can be found in the Trail Smelter case. The case, dealing with
agricultural damage in the United States arising from emissions from a smelting plant in
Canada, have been cited in order to support the notion that general principles of
international law create obligations on states to prevent transboundary air pollution.44 The
arbitral tribunal, established to solve the dispute, held that:
Under the principles of international law […] no State has the right to use or permit
the use of its territory in such a manner as to cause injury by fumes in or to the territory
of another or the properties or persons therein, when the case is of serious consequence
and the injury is established by clear and convincing evidence. 45

Aery notes that while the reasoning behind the decision can be enigmatic, the duty to
prevent transboundary pollution can be emanated from human rights law and human
dignity,46 as the tribunal held that “these conclusions are decisions in equity and a solution
inspired by them”.47 The same issue that was dealt with in the Trail Smelter case has
raised the question of whether rules of customary international law exists concerning
transboundary pollution and air pollution. It is well established that states have the
sovereign right to exploit the resources within their jurisdiction. However, at the same
time, they must also refrain from causing damage to the environment. This interpretation
has late been reaffirmed and codified both by Principle 21 of the Stockholm Declaration
and Principle 248 of the Rio Declaration on Environment and Development (Rio
Declaration). The wording of the principle, as found in the Rio Declaration, is:
States have, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the principles
of international law, the sovereign right to exploit their own resources pursuant to
their own environmental and developmental policies, and the responsibility to ensure

43

Sands, Peel, Fabra & MacKenzie, 2018, p. 101.
Ibid., p. 254.
45
Arbitral Trib., 3 U.N. Rep. Int’l Arb. Awards 1905 (1941), at 1965.
46
Aery, 2016, p. 19.
47
Arbitral Trib., 3 U.N. Rep. Int’l Arb. Awards 1905 (1941), at 1965.
48
See Stockholm Declaration, 1972, Principle 21.
44

12

Daniel Rönnberg

that activities within their jurisdiction or control do not cause damage to the
environment of other States or of areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction. 49

The principle has since been further elaborated on and been more precisely specified. It
is now accepted that it also includes air pollution. In the 1982 Montreal Draft Rules on
Transboundary Pollution, the International Law Association (ILA) affirms that according
to customary law, states have a duty to prevent transboundary pollution so that it does not
cause any injury on another state.50 The Draft Rules also hold that states should avoid
causing transboundary pollution that could seriously endanger human health.51 However,
it has not yet been agreed to how the principle applies to long-range pollution where a
causal relationship may be harder to prove.52

2.2 Approaches to Regulating Air Pollution
2.2.1 A Fragmented Body of Law Regulating a Significant Problem
For a long time, air pollution has been regarded as a local or regional issue. However, as
scientific evidence has shown, local air quality is not only affected by local pollutants, as
atmospheric transport of pollution can impact areas far from the source.53 Still,
international law on air pollution is heavily fragmented and addressed through various
regional instruments and frameworks on an ad hoc basis, with globally recognised
standards only addressing a few specific areas such as emissions from the aviation or
shipping industries or a few specific pollutants.54 Other areas of international
environmental law are much more regulated, such as the law of the seas which is subject
to a large body of law. Any equivalent in terms of protection of the atmosphere is not to
be found.55 Attempts to regulate on the issue of air pollution has frequently been opposed,
often due to the economic interests of states which could be affected by stronger

49

Rio Declaration, annexed to Report of the United Nations Conference on the Environment and
Development, 3–14 June 1992, UN Doc. A/CONF.151/26 (Vol. I), Principle 2.
50
1982 Montreal Draft Rules on Transboundary Pollution, Article 3(1). Found in ILA, Report of the
Sixtieth Conference, 29 August–4 September 1982.
51
Ibid., Article 4.
52
Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 191.
53
Ibid., p. 190.
54
Ibid., pp. 191, 194.
55
Sand, 2017, p. 202.

13

Daniel Rönnberg

regulation on air pollution.56 In a first report by the International Law Commission’s
(ILC) Special Rapporteur on the topic the protection of the atmosphere, Shinya Murase,
stated that there are substantial gaps in terms of geographical coverage, regulated
activities and substances and, importantly, applicable principles and rules on air
pollution.57 The Special Rapporteur further held that “[s]uch a piecemeal or incremental
approach has created particular limitations for the protection of the atmosphere, which by
its very nature warrants holistic treatment”.58 Additionally, those framework put in place
regulating the atmosphere are often dealing with different, and potentially conflicting,
areas such as the economical usage of the atmosphere or with different categories of risks
to health, environment or climate, addressed by various international agencies,
institutions or programmes.59 Hence, a more comprehensive approach to the regulation
of the atmosphere, comparable to the UN law of the sea regime, would bring much
clarification and perhaps stronger regulation. However, it is unlikely that such
development would occur due to the conflicting interests of states.
Most notable of the regional instruments regulating air pollution include the CLRTAP
and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Agreement on Transboundary
Haze Pollution. The ASEAN Agreement is, although ratified by all member states of the
Association, quite limited as it does address any specific type of pollution, namely land
and forest fires. Additionally, it does not allow for member states to interfere with other
member states’ internal affairs, making it hard to incorporate the provisions into the
domestic legal systems. Nor does it set national targets for emission reductions or include
provisions for state liability for transboundary pollution.60 Hence, it will not be further
discussed in this thesis. The CLRTAP and European Union (EU) regulation will be
discussed below, after which the relationship between air pollution and the climate
change regime will be briefly addressed.

56

Sands, Peel, Fabra & MacKenzie, 2018, p. 253.
ILC, First report on the protection of the atmosphere by Mr. Shinya Murase, Special Rapporteur, 14
February 2014, UN Doc. A/CN.4/667, para. 12
58
Ibid.
59
Sand, 2017, p. 202.
60
Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 194.
57

14

Daniel Rönnberg

2.2.2 The 1972 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution
When the CLRTAP was signed in 1979 and entered into force in 1983, it was the first
international treaty to deal with air pollution on a more extensive basis.61 Initially focused
on the protection of ecosystems by dealing with issues such as acid rain, the Convention
have recently broadened to include issues of importance for human health, such as
addressing particulate matters.62 One of the fundamental principles of the CLRTAP is to
“protect man and his environment against air pollution and [to] endeavour to limit and,
as far as possible, gradually reduce and prevent air pollution including long-range
transboundary air pollution”.63 The Convention requires participating states to combat air
pollution by developing policies and strategies for air quality management systems and
control measures using the best available techniques and through the exchange of
information between states and monitoring of emissions.64 The Convention has since
been extended by a total of eight protocols, further regulating and minimising the
pollution of persistent organic pollutants,65 heavy metals,66 sulphur emissions,67 and
nitrogen oxides,68 amongst others. According to the United Nations Economic
Commission for Europe (UNECE), the Convention has contributed to the reduction of
harmful substances, especially the amount of sulphur, in the atmosphere by up to 80 per
cent since 1990 in Europe as well as to the establishment of a shared knowledge base and
platform for scientists and policymakers to exchange information in order to reduce
pollution.69
61

UNECE, ”The Convention and its achievements”, available on https://www.unece.org/environmentalpolicy/conventions/envlrtapwelcome/the-air-convention-and-its-protocols/the-convention-and-itsachievements.html, accessed 23 June 2020.
62
Byrne, 2017, p. 213.
63
CLRTAP, 1979, Article 2.
64
Ibid., Article 6.
65
Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution on Persistent Organic
Pollutants, concluded 24 June 1998, entered into force 23 October 2003, 2230 UNTS 79.
66
Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution on Heavy Metals,
concluded 24 June 1998, entered into force 29 December 2003, 2237 UNTS 4.
67
Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution on the Reduction of
Sulphur Emissions or their Transboundary Fluxes by at least 30 per cent, concluded 8 July 1985, entered
into force 2 September 1987, 1480 UNTS 215.
68
Protocol to the 1979 Convention on long-range transboundary air pollution concerning the control of
emissions of nitrogen oxides or their transboundary fluxes, concluded 31 October 1988, entered into force
14 February 1991, 1593 UNTS 287.
69
UNECE, ”The Convention and its achievements”, available on https://www.unece.org/environmentalpolicy/conventions/envlrtapwelcome/the-air-convention-and-its-protocols/the-convention-and-itsachievements.html, accessed 23 June 2020.

15

Daniel Rönnberg

The Convention falls short on the concept of state liability for transboundary pollution,
as it does not contain a rule on state liability as to damage.70 Yamineva & Romppanen
notes that this is not, however, uncommon as international environmental treaties usually
opt for soft language in order to enhance cooperation and exchange of information in
environmental matters.71 Another drawback of the CLRTAP lies in its geographical
scope. As previously mentioned, the existing international regulation of air pollution
consists of a patchwork of regional instruments and frameworks. CLRTAP, being
negotiated under the UNECE, the Convention only covers those participating states in
mainly Europe and North America that have ratified the Convention. Additionally, many
states of the former Soviet Union have not chosen to participate in the pollution-specific
protocols to the Convention, weakening its impact and limiting the scope even further.72
However, with the possibility of future expansions of the EU to the Eastern parts of
Europe, these states may soon be bound by the more recent protocols as well, as the EU
is a part of them and have implemented them into EU legislation.73

2.2.3 EU Regulations on Air Quality
Out of the EU’s legislation on air quality, the Ambient Air Quality Directive (AAQ
Directive) and the National Emission Ceilings Directive (NEC Directive) are the most
central ones. The AAQ Directive deals with the assessment of ambient air quality
standards and sets upper and lower assessment thresholds on certain types of air
pollutants, such as sulphur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide and particulate matter.74 It also
contains provisions on common methods and criteria and the maintenance and
improvement of air quality and promotes cooperation between EU member states. The
NEC Directive sets national emission reduction commitments, individually specified for
each member state, for a range of different pollutants, including sulphur dioxide, nitrogen

70

CLRTAP, 1979, Article 8(f).
Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 192.
72
Byrne, 2017, pp. 211, 216.
73
Ibid., p. 216,
74
Directive 2008/50/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2008 on ambient air
quality and cleaner air for Europe, Article 5.
71

16

Daniel Rönnberg

oxides and fine particulate matter.75 Under the NEC Directive, each member state binds
itself to draw up, adopt and implement national air pollution control programmes and to
monitor and report on the emissions and impacts of the pollutants. The member states
also commit themselves to update their national air pollution control programmes and
policies regularly.76
The approach that the EU has taken is to adopt instruments that deal with air quality
standards on the one hand and instruments that deal with sources of air pollution on the
other. Additionally, there is also source-specific legislation to address specific issues,
such as industrial emissions or fuel standards.77 The aim of the EU air quality legislation
is to implement international obligations related to air pollution, such as the CLRTAP,
and integrate these requirements into policies on sectors such as industry, transportation
or agriculture. However, there are still problems with air pollution within the EU, but this
does not arise from weak legislation, but rather from a failure to implement the legislation
and from lack of compliance in addition to flexibilities under the NEC Directive in order
to help member states to meet their commitments.78

2.2.4 Relationship Between Climate Change and Air Pollution
Finally, it is worth noting that there can be drawn some links between regulation of air
pollution and climate change, as some of the substances regulated by both of these
regimes contribute to both climate change and air pollution. Still, these two problems are
regulated by their own branches of international law, with two different goals; one is to
slow down climate change while the other is to improve air quality. While the 1992 UN
Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and its protocols have been
widely successful in terms of adoption, they too suffer from some fundamental
constraints. The purpose of the UNFCCC is to reach “stabilisation of greenhouse gas

75

Directive (EU) 2016/2284 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2016 on the
reduction of national emissions of certain atmospheric pollutants, amending Directive 2003/35/EC and
repealing Directive 2001/81/EC, Article 1 & 4.
76
Ibid., Article 1 & 6.
77
Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 196.
78
Ibid., pp. 195–196.

17

Daniel Rönnberg

concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic
interference with the climate system”.79 Nevertheless, the UNFCCC does not set any
binding emission targets, nor does it have any enforcement mechanism. However, under
the Kyoto Protocol to the UNFCCC, states bound themselves to achieve their quantified
emissions limit in order to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. However, as with the
instruments described above, the Kyoto Protocol is also limited in geographical scope as
most of the countries with emissions targets are developed countries in Western Europe
or North America.80 This is, of course, understandable since the developed countries have
contributed most to climate change. Still, two of the world’s largest emitters of
greenhouse gasses, India and China, was not bound by the Kyoto Protocol, since their
status as nations that have not yet been fully industrialised. Perhaps the biggest
shortcoming of the Kyoto Protocol is best exemplified by highlighting the fact that after
the United States decided to withdraw from the Protocol in 2001, the Protocol only
accounted for 30 per cent of the world’s total greenhouse gas emissions.81 Hence, in order
to tackle global warming, and consequentially air pollution, the Kyoto Protocol is not of
much use.
The purpose of the Paris Agreement, which is applicable to all parties of the UNFCCC,
is to limit global warming to well below 2° Celsius, preferably 1,5° Celsius, compared to
pre-industrial levels.82 According to the Paris Agreement, states should “undertake and
communicate ambitious efforts with the view to achieving the purpose of this
Agreement”.83 However, while having a greater geographical scope than the Kyoto
Protocol, the Paris Agreements does not specify which emissions should be limited.
Instead, states “shall prepare, communicate and maintain successive nationally
determined contributions that it intends to achieve”.84 These voluntary pledges, which
vary significantly in terms of ambition, are far from achieving the objectives that the Paris

79

CLRTAP, 1979, Article 2.
See Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, concluded 11
December 1997, entered into force 16 February 2005, 2303 UNTS 162. The countries bound by the
Kyoto Protocol and their emission targets can be found in Annex B to the protocol.
81
Durand, 2012, pp. 8–9.
82
Paris Agreement to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, concluded 12
December 2015, entered into force 4 November 2016, T.I.A.S. No. 16-1104, Article 2.
83
Ibid., Article 3.
84
Ibid., Article 4.
80

18

Daniel Rönnberg

Agreement defines.85 The effectiveness of the Paris Agreement is also undermined by the
fact that while the Agreement is indeed legally binding as far as the process staked out
goes, it does not contain any provisions that require states to take domestic legal actions.86
Yamineva & Romppanen also notes that the focus of the UNFCCC has been to reduce
greenhouse gasses, while substances such as PM or methane have been widely ignored.87
Hence, the conclusion can be drawn that while some of the pollutants commonly
contributing to air pollution may also be addressed by the climate change regime under
the UNFCCC, the regime still falls short in terms of the geographical scope of compliance
mechanisms, while it also tends to focus on substances not relevant to air pollution.

2.3 ILC Draft Guidelines on the Protection of the Atmosphere
When the ILC appointed Shinya Murase as a Special Rapporteur on the topic the
protection of the atmosphere, it was on the understanding that “work on the topic will
proceed in a manner so as not to interfere with relevant political negotiations”.88 This
meant that the topic would not deal with questions such as state liability, the polluterpays principle, common but differentiated responsibilities or the transfer of funds and
technology to developing countries. Further, the topic would not deal with specific
substances or intend to fill in the gaps in treaty regimes regarding air pollution. Finally,
the outcome would not seek to impose on current treaty regimes legal rules or principles
not already a part of these.89 The limitations posed by the understanding, under which the
work of the Special Rapporteur was to be carried out, was seen by several scholars as
excessive and as a kind of advance censorship of the reports and debates. 90 Eventually,
the work would result in the Draft Guidelines on the protection of the atmosphere (Draft
Guidelines). However, with such a starting point, the work of the Special Rapporteur was
merely to summarise already existing law on the subject. This is not in line with the

85

Clémençon, 2016, p. 4.
Ibid., p. 8.
87
Yamineva & Romppanen, 2017, p. 195.
88
ILC, Report on the work of the sixty-fifth session, 6 May–7 June and 8 July–9 August 2013, UN Doc.
A/68/10, para 168.
89
Ibid.
90
Sand, 2017, p. 206.
86

19

Daniel Rönnberg

purpose of the ILC, which “shall have for its object the promotion of the progressive
development of international law and its codification”.91 The shortcomings of the final
document was mainly a result of the opposition from several states to the codification of
this field of law and thought that the topic was too politically controversial for the ILC to
carry out.92
The ILC adopted the Draft Guidelines on first reading in 2018. The wording of the Draft
Guidelines is quite vague and does, at instances, leave room for broad interpretation. The
Draft Guidelines recognises that states must protect the atmosphere by stating that:
States have the obligation to protect the atmosphere by exercising due diligence in
taking appropriate measures, in accordance with applicable rules of international law,
to prevent, reduce or control atmospheric pollution and atmospheric degradation. 93

Even though this provision may seem uncontroversial, as the principle has been regarded
as a cornerstone of international environmental law, it was still met with some resistance
by a few ILC Members. This resistance was mainly due to the possible consequences of
the recognition to protect the atmosphere from environmental degradation. For instance,
it was noted that this could facilitate litigation against developed countries.94 However,
the obligation could have been identified from customary norms such as opinion juris and
state practice, in addition to being derived from the obligation not to cause harm to other
states’ territories or populations.95
Another problematic phrasing is guideline 4, which requires states to carry out an
environmental impact assessment in cases where activities under their jurisdiction or
control are “likely to cause significant adverse impact on the atmosphere”.96 Mayer notes
that there are two reasons why this formulation is problematic. First, is that it is not always

91

Statute of the ILC, adopted by the General Assembly in resolution 174 (II) of 21 November 1947, as
amended by resolutions 485 (V) of 12 December 1950, 984 (X) of 3 December 1955, 985 (X) of 3
December 1955 and 36/39 of 18 November 1981, Article 1.
92
Mayer, 2019, pp. 4–10.
93
ILC, Draft Guidelines on the protection of the atmosphere, found in Report on the work of the
seventieth session, Chapter VI, Protection of the atmosphere, 30 April–1 June and 2 July–10 August
2018, UN Doc. A/73/10, Guideline 3.
94
Mayer, 2019, p. 20.
95
Ibid., pp. 21–22.
96
Draft Guidelines, 2018, Guideline 4.

20

Daniel Rönnberg

possible to determine the impact on the atmosphere of any activity before carrying out an
environmental impact assessment, as it is the very aim to find out the impacts by carrying
out such. Second, the fact that states should only carry out an environmental impact
assessment in cases when it is “likely” that there will be consequences is problematic, as
also highly unlikely consequences can have devastating consequences.97
In order to be effective, states need to coordinate their efforts to prevent pollution with
other states. This principle is reflected in guideline 8, which says that states “have [an]
obligation to cooperate, as appropriate, with each other and with relevant international
organisations for the protection of the atmosphere[.]”98 This obligation is based on several
cases, declarations and treaties relating to the protection of the atmosphere. However, the
wording of the obligations is quite vague, as it states that cooperation should be carried
out “as appropriate”, creating flexibility on how this cooperation take place which does
not reflex the urgent nature of dealing with air pollution.99
The Draft Guidelines does not, just like the CLRTAP and as set out by the understanding,
deal with issues such as liability of states and their nationals.100 Sand notes that while a
similar provision might have been understandable when drafting the CLRTAP in order to
facilitate acceptance of the treaty, it does not seem logical why it should be included in
the drafting of future non-binding global guidelines relating to the protection of the
atmosphere.101 Similarly, the decision to leave out specific substances such as black
carbon, which is a component of PM2.5, also raises questions. Exposure to air pollution,
including PM, is responsible for millions of premature deaths around the world each year
and is considered as the most significant environmental threat to human health by the
WHO. Still, the ILC decided not to deal with the question at all, failing to address one of
the most pressing issues with air pollution.

97

Mayer, 2019, p. 23.
Draft Guidelines, 2018, Guideline 8. Emphasis added.
99
Mayer, 2019, pp. 26–27.
100
Draft Guidelines, 2018, Guideline 2(2).
101
Sand, 2017, p. 206.
98

21

Daniel Rönnberg

3 Clean Air and Corporate Obligations
3.1 How Corporations Are Regulated Under International Law
The international human rights system is formed during the aftermath of World War II,
at a time when the memories of the atrocities conducted during the war were still fresh.
It is based on the principle that the people have to be protected from the excesses of the
state and state organs.102 As a consequence of this, it only states that have direct human
rights obligations under the current human rights system. This means that states also have
the responsibility to regulate activities within their jurisdiction and to protect its citizens
from non-state actors, such as corporations. Hence, states should protect the citizens from
human rights abuses not only conducted by the state or state agents, but also from private
actors. This interpretation of states’ positive human rights obligations has been widely
recognised. In the case of The Social and Economic Rights Action Center and the Center
for Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria (SERAC v. Nigeria), the African Commission
on Human and People’s Rights held that:
Governments have a duty to protect their citizens, not only through appropriate
legislation and effective enforcement but also by protecting them from damaging acts
that may be perpetrated by private parties. This duty calls for positive action on part
of governments in fulfilling their obligation under human rights instruments. 103

This can be problematic, as multinational corporations, even though increasingly more
influential in a globalised world, do not have the same kind of obligations, which allows
for the creation a kind of accountability vacuum for corporate human rights misconduct.
These kinds of corporate misconduct should be addressed at the national level in the first
place but, for various reasons, this is not always enough or even possible. Therefore,
attention is shifted to international law.
In order to fulfil their human rights obligations, states must regulate corporations on the
national level.104 This obligation is not fulfilled unless states provide an option for citizens

102

Emesh, 2011, p. 71.
SERAC v. Nigeria, African Commission on Human and People’s Rights, OAU Doc.
ACHPR/COMM/A044/1 of 27 May 2002, para. 57.
104
van den Herik & Letnar Černič, 2010, p. 730.
103

22

Daniel Rönnberg

to seek remedies for human rights violations by corporations.105 This means that
corporations are only indirectly affected on the national level and not affected by
international law. This standpoint has been confirmed by the Human Rights Committee
(HRC) in its General Comment 31, concerning the state’s obligation to fulfil its duties in
the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights:
The article 2, paragraph 1, obligations are binding on States [Parties] and do not, as
such, have direct horizontal effect as a matter of international law. The Covenant
cannot be viewed as a substitute for domestic criminal or civil law. However the
positive obligations on States Parties to ensure Covenant rights will only be fully
discharged if individuals are protected by the State, not just against violations of
Covenant rights by its agents, but also against acts committed by private persons or
entities that would impair the enjoyment of Covenant rights in so far as they are
amenable to application between private persons or entities. There may be
circumstances in which a failure to ensure Covenant rights as required by article 2
would give rise to violations by States Parties of those rights, as a result of States
Parties’ permitting or failing to take appropriate measures or to exercise due diligence
to prevent, punish, investigate or redress the harm caused by such acts by private
persons or entities.106

United Nations Special Representative of the Secretary-General on the issue of human
rights and multinational corporations and other business enterprises, John Ruggie,
repeated the opinion that international human rights law does not impose direct legal
obligations on multinational corporations.107 Further, Ruggie recognises the emergence
of soft law instruments and initiatives to regulate corporate responsibility for human
rights misconduct.108 The idea that human rights obligations should bound corporations
through soft law instruments emerge from the UDHR, which in its preamble:
[proclaims] this Universal Declaration of Human Rights as a common standard of
achievement for all peoples and all nations, to the end that every individual and every
organ of society, keeping this Declaration constantly in mind, shall strive by teaching
and education to promote respect for these rights and freedoms and by progressive
measures, national and international, to secure their universal and effective
recognition and observance, both among the peoples of Member States themselves
and among the peoples of territories under their jurisdiction.109

105

de Jonge, 2011, p. 70.
HRC, General Comment No. 31 [80]: The Nature of the General Legal Obligation Imposed on States
Parties to the Covenant, 26 May 2004, UN Doc. CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add.13, para. 8.
107
UN Human Rights Council, Business and Human Rights: Mapping International Standards of
Responsibility and Accountability for Corporate Acts - Report of the Special Representative of the
Secretary-General (SRSG) on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other business
enterprises, 9 February 2007, UN Doc. A/HRC/4/035, para. 35.
108
Ibid., para. 44.
109
UDHR, 1948, preamble. Emphasis added.
106

23

Daniel Rönnberg

The phrasing “every individual and every organ of society” has also been interpreted to
include corporations.110 The Declaration further holds that there is a private duty to
respect the rights of others,111 as well as that “[n]othing in this Declaration may be
interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity
or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth
herein”.112 These provisions set out in the Universal Declaration are, even though not
legally binding, important in the sense that they may inspire corporate human rights
commitment in a more articulate way.113

3.2 Corporate Self-Regulation and Voluntary Mechanisms
3.2.1 Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) is a term that has proved to be hard to find a
common definition. In general, CSR includes the “responsibility of enterprises for their
impacts on society”.114 In order to meet that responsibility, corporations need to integrate,
inter alia, concerns such as the environment, human rights and social rights to their
strategies and business operations in order to maximise the shared value not only for their
stakeholders, but for society as a whole, and in order to identify and prevent adverse
effects of their activities.115
The idea of CSR has its roots in the fact that corporations have gained a significant
amount of power due to their size and economic and social influence. This is in contrast
with the human rights obligations of states, which arises from states’ ability to exercise
public power within their territory and jurisdictions.116 CSR initiatives allow for

110

Alvarez, 2011, p. 5.
UDHR, 1948, Article 29.
112
Ibid., Article 30.
113
van den Herik & Letnar Černič, 2010, p. 734.
114
European Commission, Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the
Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions, “A renewed
EU strategy 2011-14 for Corporate Social Responsibility”, COM(2011) 681 final, 2011, p. 6.
115
Ibid.
116
van den Herik & Letnar Černič, 2010, p. 738.
111

24

Daniel Rönnberg

corporations to have a positive impact on the development of society. However, for many
corporations, CSR is merely an outcome of public pressure.117
The question that arises then is to what extent should corporations be held accountable
for possible breaches of human rights. If corporations should have the same human rights
obligations as states have, they should also have the same kind of powers as states have.
Ruggie argues that this is not the case since corporations do not have full control over the
territory in which they operate, and they do not have the same kind of public power as
states have over other parts of society. Therefore, corporations could never have the same
kind of influence as states.118 Instead, many CSR initiatives seem to be of the opinion that
at least larger corporations should carry out risk-based due diligence, including
throughout their supply chain.119 This means that companies should take “steps […] to
become aware of, prevent and address adverse human rights impacts”.120

3.2.2 The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises
The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises (OECD Guidelines) are a set of
recommendations addressed by the governments to multinational corporations operating
in or from the of member states of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
Development (OECD). The OECD Guidelines are part of a broader instrument of rights
and obligations, namely the OECD Declaration on International Investment and
Multinational Enterprises.121 The Declaration was first adopted in 1976 and today, all 37
OECD member states, as well as 13 non-OECD member states, have subscribed to the
Declaration.122 The purpose of the OECD Guidelines is to, inter alia, promote corporate
117

Ite, 2004, pp. 1–2.
van den Herik & Letnar Černič, 2010, p. 738.
119
European Commission, Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the
Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions, “A renewed
EU strategy 2011-14 for Corporate Social Responsibility”, COM(2011) 681 final, p. 6.
120
UN Human Rights Council, Protect, Respect and Remedy: a Framework for Business and Human
Rights, 7 April 2008, UN Doc. A/HRC/8/5, para. 56.
121
Letnar Černič, 2008, p. 77.
122
For a list of member states and non-member states that have adopted the Declaration, see OECD,
“OECD Declaration and Decisions on International Investment and Multinational Enterprises”, available
on https://www.oecd.org/investment/investment-policy/oecddeclarationanddecisions.htm, accessed 21
May 2020.
118

25

Daniel Rönnberg

human rights, labour rights and environmental policies. As stated in the foreword to the
document:
The Guidelines are recommendations jointly addressed by governments to
multinational enterprises. They provide principles and standards of good practice
consistent with applicable laws and internationally recognised standards. Observance
of the Guidelines by enterprises is voluntary and not legally enforceable.
Nevertheless, some matters covered by the Guidelines may also be regulated by
national law or international commitments.123

Hence, the OECD Guidelines does not create any binding obligations on corporations and
are not legally enforceable. However, regardless of the voluntary nature of the OECD
Guidelines, they can still be considered as having a certain degree of influence, as they
are backed by the governments in the OECD member states, and since “the countries
adhering to the Guidelines make a binding commitment to implement them [and] matters
covered by the Guidelines may also be the subject of national law and international
commitments”.124 Additionally, the OECD member states are required to establish
National Contact Points (NCPs), which are responsible for monitoring that the principles
of the OECD Guidelines are implemented and followed on a national level.125 The NCPs
are government offices with two main functions. The first function is to promote the
OECD Guidelines and raise awareness among businesses and stakeholders. The second
function of the NCPs is to deal with complaints about alleged failures to live up to the
OECD Guidelines.126
The NCPs can handle complaints aimed towards companies located within the country or
companies which headquarters are located within the country. The NCPs aims to resolve
each dispute in an impartial manner, primarily by facilitating a dialogue between parties
through mediation.127 The fact that the OECD Guidelines are applicable on corporations
with operations in or registered in one OECD member state, or non-OECD member state
that is a party to the OECD Declaration, means that most corporations in the world are
covered by the OECD Guidelines, giving them quite a broad impact.
123

OECD Guidelines, 2011, Section I. Concepts and Principles, Principle 1.
Ibid., Preface, para 1.
125
Letnar Černič, pp. 77–83.
126
OECD Watch, “National Contact Points (NPCs)”, available on https://www.oecdwatch.org/oecdncps/national-contact-points-ncps/, accessed 29 October 2019.
127
Ibid.
124

26

Daniel Rönnberg

One of the central principles of the OECD Guidelines is that corporations must carry out
due diligence in all of their operations. In a guiding document on responsible business
conduct, due diligence has been defined as a “process enterprises should carry out to
identify, prevent, mitigate and account for how they address these actual and potential
adverse impacts in their own operations, their supply chain and other business
relationships”.128 In order to be effective, it should be “supported by efforts to embed
[responsible business conduct] into policies and management systems, and aims to enable
enterprises to remediate adverse impacts that they cause or to which they contribute”.129
Even though the OECD Guidelines are not mandatory per se and even though
multinational corporations are not directly affected by the guidelines, there are elements
to the guidelines which can create some kind of accountability for corporations and
alleged human rights abuses. This is due to the complaints procedure, which allows any
natural or legal person to file a complaint directly against a corporation acting within or
from the country.130 Even as a quasi-judicial body, the NCPs may play an important role
when it comes to determining the corporate human rights responsibilities, as there are
such few of its kind around the world.131
The OECD Guidelines offer corporations guidance on how to deal with a wide range of
issues. With respect to human rights, the OECD Guidelines hold that states have the
primary duty to protect human rights and that that enterprises should:
[…] within the framework of internationally recognised human rights, the
international human rights obligations of the countries in which they operate as well
as relevant domestic laws and regulations:
1. Respect human rights, which means they should avoid infringing on the human
rights of others and should address adverse human rights impacts with which they are
involved.132

Additionally, the OECD Guidelines holds that corporations should adopt a wide range of
human rights arrangements, such as avoid causing or contributing to human rights

128

OECD, 2018, p. 15.
Ibid.
130
de Jonge, 2011, p. 73.
131
Letnar Černič, 2008, p. 87.
132
OECD Guidelines, 2011, Section IV. Human Rights, Principle 1.
129

27

Daniel Rönnberg

violations,133 seek to prevent or mitigate such violations directly linked to their business
operations, including in all stages of its supply chain and other entities directly linked to
its business operations, products or services.134 Additionally, the OECD Guidelines urges
corporations to adopt a human rights policy,135 carry out due diligence,136 and provide for
access to remedy for human rights violations.137
The OECD Guidelines are drawn upon the principles of the United Nations Framework
for Business and Human Rights and its Guiding Principles for its Implementation.138 In
its commentary, it recognises that corporations can have an impact on virtually the entire
spectrum of human rights and that corporations have the responsibility to protect the most
fundamental human rights, regardless of the states’ abilities or willingness to do so.139
Indeed, at a core minimum, corporations should respect the rights set forth in the
International Bill of Human Rights and the fundamental rights set out in the 1998
International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and
Rights at Work.140 Even so, the obligations are framed in the OECD Guidelines are
worded in such a way, that they are not binding and will not have any legal consequences
if corporations fail to follow the principles set forth in the OECD Guidelines. Still, many
leading international business organisations, such as the International Chamber of
Commerce, are of the opinion that corporations are bound by the principles of
international agreements and should follow these, even if they are not enforced.141
The OECD Guidelines also include a quite detailed and specific section on the
environment from a business perspective. Indeed, environmental protection is at the very
core of the OECD Guidelines, which in its preface states that the aim of the instrument is

133

OECD Guidelines, 2011, Section IV. Human Rights, Principle 2.
Ibid., Principle 3.
135
Ibid., Principle 4.
136
Ibid., Principle 5.
137
Ibid., Principle 6.
138
OECD Guidelines, 2011, Commentary on Human Rights, para. 36. The UN Guiding Principles will be
discussed in chapter 2.2.3 below.
139
Ibid., paras. 37-40.
140
Ibid., para. 39. The International Bill of Human Rights consists of the UDHR, the ICCPR and the
ICESCR.
141
Letnar Černič, 2008, p. 81.
134

28

Daniel Rönnberg

“to enhance the contribution to sustainable development made by multinational
enterprise”.142 In its chapter on the environment, the OECD Guidelines states that:
Enterprises should, within the framework of laws, regulations and administrative
practices in the countries in which they operate, and in consideration of relevant
international agreements, principles, objectives, and standards, take due account of
the need to protect the environment, public health and safety, and generally to conduct
their activities in a manner contributing to the wider goal of sustainable
development.143

The OECD Guidelines encourages corporations to implement several environmental
standards which are linked to, and may be affected by, business activities, and which may
also affect the enjoyment of human rights. This includes establishing and maintaining a
system of environmental management appropriate to the enterprise which includes
collection and evaluation of information,144 provide the public, communities affected by
the business operations and workers with information on environmental, health and safety
impacts,145 and carry out a life-cycle assessment with the aim of avoiding or mitigating
negative impacts of the business operations.146 Further, companies should also take a
precautionary approach and may not use the lack of full scientific certainty as a reason
for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent or minimise environmental damage,147
and should also maintain plans for preventing, mitigating and controlling such damage.148
The OECD Guidelines also state that corporations should improve environmental
performance by the adaption of new technologies, development of products with low
environmental impact, promoting awareness among customers and developing strategies
for more environmentally friendly operations.149 Finally, the OECD Guidelines urges
corporations to provide education for workers on environmental health and safety
matters,150 and, contribute to and establish partnerships for sustainable development.151

142

OECD Guidelines, 2011, Preface, para. 1.
OECD Guidelines, 2011, Section VI. Environment.
144
Ibid., Principle 1.
145
Ibid., Principle 2.
146
Ibid., Principle 3.
147
Ibid., Principle 4.
148
Ibid., Principle 5.
149
Ibid., Principle 6.
150
Ibid., Principle 7.
151
Ibid., Principle 8.
143

29

Daniel Rönnberg

As noted above, corporations should take a wide range of actions in order to fulfil the
environmental recommendations set forth by the OECD Guidelines and to achieve sound
environmental management, which should be interpreted in the broadest sense, including
both direct and indirect activities that may affect the environment over a long time.
According to the commentary to the OECD Guidelines, this also includes controlling
pollution arising from business activities.152 The importance of these environmental
provisions is significant. In a 2004 OECD annual meeting, with the special theme
environment, the participants noted the broad coverage of the OECD Guidelines and that
“they can act as an important bridge between environmental and social concerns – for
instance as serious environmental damage often involves human rights issues vis-à-vis
stakeholders or local communities”.153 In the commentary to the latest update of the
OECD Guidelines from 2011, it is noted that the OECD Guidelines regarding the
environment are inspired by and broadly reflected by international environmental
instruments, notably the Rio Declaration and Agenda 21, but also the UNECE
Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-making and
Access to Justice in Environmental Matters (Aarhus Convention).154 Furthermore, many
of the principles presented in the OECD Guidelines also reflect international
environmental law principles, such as the right to participation and the precautionary
approach. Regarding the precautionary approach, the commentary explicitly mentions
that several instruments have been adopted by countries adhering to the OECD Guidelines
articulating the precautionary principle and that while none of these is explicitly
addressed towards corporations, “enterprise contributions are implicit in all of them”.155
The most common definition of what a precautionary approach entails is found in the Rio
Declaration, which in its principle 15 states that:
In order to protect the environment, the precautionary approach shall be widely
applied by States according to their capabilities. Where there are threats of serious or
irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for
postponing cost-effective measures to prevent environmental degradation.156

152

OECD Guidelines, 2011, Commentary on Environment, para. 63.
OECD, Roundtable on Corporate Responsibility: Encouraging the positive contribution of business to
environment through the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, 2004, p. 4. See also Morgera,
2006, pp. 756–757.
154
OECD Guidelines, 2011, Commentary on Environment, para. 60.
155
Ibid., para 68.
156
Rio Declaration, principle 15.
153

30

Daniel Rönnberg

One aspect of the OECD Guidelines worth noting, especially since there have been
instances where multinational corporations prefer to operate in developing countries or
countries with looser environmental regulation, is what the commentary says about
corporate environmental performance. They “encourage enterprises to work to raise the
level of environmental performance in all parts of their operations, even where this may
not be formally required by existing practice in the countries in which they operate”,157
and continue by stating that “enterprises should take due account of their social and
economic effects on developing countries”.158 This is especially relevant in cases where
there have been instances of severe human rights violations caused by multinational
corporations, like the one in Africa, discussed in the SERAC v. Nigeria case.

3.2.3 UN Initiatives
3.2.3.1 Ruggie Rules and the UN Guiding Principles on Businesses and Human
Rights
In 2005, John Ruggie was appointed the United Nations Special Representative of the
Secretary-General on the issue of human rights and multinational corporations and other
business enterprises. The mandate of the Special Rapporteur was to, inter alia, identify
and clarify standards of corporate responsibility and accountability for multinational
corporations and other business enterprises with regard to human rights, and to elaborate
on the role of States in effectively regulating and adjudicating the role of multinational
corporations and other business enterprises with regard to human rights, including
through international cooperation.159 Also, the Special Rapporteur was requested to create
a compendium of best practises of states and multinational corporations.160
It is worth noting that this is not the first attempt by the UN to codify to what extent
corporations should have human rights responsibilities. In 2003, the Norms on the
Responsibilities of Transnational Corporations and Other Business Enterprises with
157

OECD Guidelines, 2011, Commentary on Environment, para. 71.
Ibid.
159
UN Commission on Human Rights Resolution 2005/69, Human rights and transnational corporations
and other business enterprises, 20 April 2005, UN Doc. E/CN.4/RES/2005/69, paras. 1(a)–(b).
160
Ibid.,para. 1(e).
158

31

Daniel Rönnberg

Regard to Human Rights (Draft Norms) were approved by the UN Sub-Commission on
the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights. The Draft Norms concluded that states
have the primary responsibility to promote, secure and respect human rights, including
from multinational corporations and other enterprises, and that these have the duty to do
the same within their sphere of influence.161 The Draft Norms also touched upon
environmental protection and stated that:
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises shall carry out their
activities in accordance with national laws, regulations, administrative practices and
policies relating to the preservation of the environment of the countries in which they
operate, as well as in accordance with relevant international agreements, principles,
objectives, responsibilities and standards with regard to the environment as well as
human rights, public health and safety, bioethics and the precautionary principle, and
shall generally conduct their activities in a manner contributing to the wider goal of
sustainable development.162

Eventually, the UN Commission on Human Rights considered the Draft Norms in 2004.
The Commission appreciated the work that the Sub-Commission had done and stated that
the Draft Norms contained “useful elements and ideas for consideration by the
Commission”.163 However, as the Draft Norms had not been requested by the
Commission, they rejected it and decided that the Draft Norms shall have no legal
standing.164
At the end of his mandate, the Special Rapporteur published a final report suggesting a
framework for business and human rights, titled “Protect, Respect and Remedy: A
Framework for Business and Human Rights”. The report acknowledges that:
The root cause of the business and human rights predicament today lies in the
governance gaps created by globalisation - between the scope and impact of economic
forces and actors, and the capacity of societies to manage their adverse consequences.
These governance gaps provide the permissive environment for wrongful acts by
companies of all kinds without adequate sanctioning or reparation. How to narrow

161

Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, Norms on the responsibilities of
transnational corporations and other business enterprises with regard to human rights, 25 August 2003,
UN Doc. E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/12, para. 1.
162
Ibid., para. 14.
163
UN Commission on Human Rights, Responsibilities of transnational corporations and related
business enterprises with regard to human rights, 22 April 2004, UN Doc. E/CN.4/DEC/2004/116.
164
Ibid., para. C.

32

Daniel Rönnberg

and ultimately bridge the gaps in relation to human rights is our fundamental
challenge.165

The framework is built upon three pillars; the state duty to protect human rights, the
corporate responsibility to respect human rights and access to remedy for human rights
violations. The framework confirms that states have the duty to protect human rights and
that this is well understood, but continues by stating that “[w]hat seems less well
internalised is the diverse array of policy domains through which States may fulfil this
duty with respect to business activities, including how to foster a corporate culture
respectful of human rights at home and abroad.”166 Due to escalating instances of
corporate human rights violations, this should be a policy priority for governments.167
The part on the state duty to protect also touched upon environmental matters. As a means
of fostering a corporate culture respecting human rights, the framework suggests that
states should support and strengthen market pressures on corporations to respect rights.
This would include requiring reporting on environmental and sustainability performance.
Sweden’s requirement on state-owned enterprises to submit independently assured
sustainability reports and the United Kingdom’s legal requirement on directors to regard
the impact of business operations on the environment and the community are two of the
highlighted good practices recognised by the framework.168 The framework also
acknowledged the problems that some states face in relation to foreign investment,
notably the difficulties to strengthen social and environmental standards without fear of
being challenged by investors in international arbitration. This is especially problematic
in developing countries, which may have weaker environmental standards and may not
be able to strengthen these without losing essential investment opportunities. According
to a study, contracts signed with non-OECD countries constrain state regulatory powers
more than those signed with OECD countries, while it is these countries that may need
the most regulation.169

165

UN Human Rights Council, Protect, Respect and Remedy: A Framework for Business and Human
Rights, 7 April 2008, UN Doc. A/HRC/8/5, para. 3.
166
Ibid., para 27.
167
Ibid.
168
Ibid., para. 30.
169
Ibid., paras. 34–36.

33

Daniel Rönnberg

The Special Rapporteur argued that the case is that not many corporations have in place
systems demonstrating respect for human rights and called for action in this field, with
reference to the widely recognised notion of corporate human rights responsibilities.170
The report concludes that corporations should respect applicable law and human rights.
Corporations should do so independently of states’ duties, hence eradicating the idea of
states as a primary bearer of human rights obligations and corporations as a secondary
bearer.171 In order to respect human rights, the framework suggests that corporations
should exercise due diligence, at a minimum in order to fulfil the International Bill of
Human Rights and the core ILO conventions.172 Exercising due diligence is also
dependent on adopting a human rights policy, carrying out impact assessments,
integrating human rights policies throughout the company, and tracking its
performance.173 Lastly, the framework points out that in order to respect human rights,
corporations should avoid indirect involvement in human rights abuses.174
The framework was adopted by the Human Rights Council in 2008. At the same time, the
mandate of the Special Rapporteur was renewed for another three years. Under the
renewed mandate, the Special Rapporteur was given the task to further elaborate on the
framework and provide recommendations on how to strengthen states’ duty to protect and
to further the scope of corporations’ duties to respect human rights.175 The result of the
second mandate was the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights for
implementing the UN “Protect, Respect and Remedy” Framework (the Guiding
Principles), which have become known as “the Ruggie Rules”. The Guiding Principles
was endorsed by the Human Rights Council in a resolution,176 making it the first time that
the UN has endorsed an authoritative corporate human rights responsibility initiative.

170

de Jonge, 2011, p. 76.
UN Human Rights Council, Protect, Respect and Remedy: A Framework for Business and Human
Rights, 7 April 2008, UN Doc. A/HRC/8/5, paras. 54–55.
172
Ibid., para. 58.
173
Ibid., paras. 60–64.
174
Ibid., paras. 72–73.
175
UN Human Rights Council Resolution 8/7, Mandate of the Special Representative of the SecretaryGeneral on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other business enterprises, 18
June 2008, UN Doc. A/HRC/RES/8/7, para. 4(a)-(b)
176
UN Human Rights Council Resolution 17/4, Human rights and transnational corporations and other
business enterprises, 6 July 2011, UN Doc. A/HRC/RES/17/4.
171

34

Daniel Rönnberg

The Guiding Principles builds upon the same three pillars as the framework, namely the
state duty to protect human rights, the corporate duty to respect human rights and access
to remedies. The content of the Guiding Principles transforms and evolves the content of
the framework into 31 concrete principles and offers commentary to each of the principles
for clarification of the scope and content of each principle. It is worth noting that the
Guiding Principles does not create any new legal international law obligations. Thus, they
are merely codifying and clarifying already existing international law obligations that
states are bound by.177 As the Guiding Principles are built upon the same pillars as the
framework, it is not necessary at this time to go more in-depth into the principles.

3.2.3.2 The UN Global Compact
The UN has also launched a non-binding, voluntary initiative called the United Nations
Global Compact (Global Compact) to encourage corporations to adopt sustainable and
socially responsible policies. The Global Compact initiative has to date over 12,000
signatories in more than 160 countries, including economic giants such as The Coca-Cola
Company, Nike, Inc., Microsoft Corporation and BP Plc (British Petroleum).178 The
Global Compact has broad governmental support as it has been recognised by the United
Nations General Assembly.179
The initiative consists of ten principles in the areas of human rights, labour rights, the
environment and anti-corruption. The principles are derived from international legal
instruments, namely the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the ILO’s Declaration

177

Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights: Implementing the United Nations
“Protect, Respect and Remedy” Framework, annexed to Report of the Special Representative of the
Secretary-General on the Issue of Human Rights and Transnational Corporations and Other Business
Enterprises, John Ruggie, 21 March 2011, UN Doc. A/HRC/17/31, general principles, p. 1.
178
UN Global Compact, “Our Participants”, available on https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-isgc/participants/, accessed 28 October 2019. Numbers as of 28 October 2019.
179
UNGA Resolution 73/254, Towards global partnerships: a principle-based approach to enhanced
cooperation between the United Nations and all relevant partners, 20 December 2018, UN Doc.
A/RES/73/254.

35

Daniel Rönnberg

on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, the Rio Declaration on Environment and
Development, and the United Nations Convention Against Corruption.180
The two principles relating to human rights proclaims that businesses should support and
respect the protection of human rights and make sure that they are not part of activities
that causes human rights abuses.181 In more specific terms, the first principle states that
corporations should adapt policy commitments to respect human rights and undertake
human rights due diligence by for example assessing human rights impact, integrate
human rights policies and monitor and report on human rights performance. 182 The
second principle requires corporations not take part in human rights abuses. Such activity
can either take part directly, by actively providing goods or services knowing it will be
used in human rights abuses; silently, by knowing about human rights abuses but
choosing to stay silent or inactive; or, lastly, by benefiting from human rights abuses
without causing them or taking part in them.183
The Global Compact also includes three principles relating to the environment. The first
principle regarding the environment urges companies to support a precautionary approach
to environmental challenges, which is a well-established principle in international law
and has been widely recognised to apply on corporations as well. It is noted that deciding
on what is an acceptable level of risk does not only involve taking scientific evaluations
and economic analyses into consideration, but also political and public opinion.
Additionally, corporations have to gain on taking a precautionary approach as it is often
more cost-effective to prevent environmental damage than remediation.184 The second
principle regarding the environment encourages corporations to undertake initiatives to
promote environmental responsibility. This too is a well-established principle. The
Global Compact, as a CSR initiative, also recognises the benefits for corporations

180

UN Global Compact, ”The Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles, accessed 28 October 2019.
181
Ibid.
182
UN Global Compact, “Principle One: Human Rights”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-1, accessed 28 October 2019.
183
UN Global Compact, “Principle Two: Human Rights”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-2, accessed 28 October 2019.
184
UN Global Compact, “Principle Seven: Environment”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-7, accessed 2 July 2020.

36

Daniel Rönnberg

committing to the initiative and states that “business gains its legitimacy through meeting
the needs of society, and increasingly society is expressing a clear need for more
environmentally sustainable practices”.185 The last principle regarding the environment
encourages the development of environmentally friendly technologies, which is a key
ensuring meeting the sustainable development goals at the same time as it can have
benefits for corporations such as increased efficiency, creating new business
opportunities and create long-term economic and environmental benefits.186
The Global Compact is a voluntary commitment for companies to take part in. Therefore,
it is not legally binding, and there are no consequences for corporations that act in a way
that does not comply with the objectives of the initiative, except for being removed from
the initiative if failing to meet the criteria over time.187 However, by committing
themselves to the initiative, companies are expected to submit a Communication on
Progress annually, in which it should give account for its progress in implementing the
ten principles of the Global Compact and its effort to support “societal priorities”. Each
Communication on Progress is made publicly available, allowing the company to
communicate their efforts to support the initiative.188
However, one major flaw with the Global Compact is that it does not specify exactly
which human rights are to be supported and respected, with the exception of labour rights,
which has its own category. This gives corporations a wide margin of appreciation on
how to interpret and implement the principles and, consequentially, how to report on the
progress made.189 This may limit the credibility of the initiative and might risk that
corporations would commit to it in an attempt to clean up its image.

185

UN Global Compact, “Principle Eight: Environment”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-8, accessed 2 July 2020.
186
UN Global Compact, “Principle Nine: Environment”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-9, accessed 2 July 2020.
187
UN Global Compact, “Frequently Asked Questions”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/about/faq, accessed 28 October 2019.
188
UN Global Compact, “The Communication on Progress (CoP) in Brief”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/participation/report/cop, accessed 28 October 2019.
189
van den Herik & Letnar Černič, 2010, p. 736.

37

Daniel Rönnberg

3.3 An Attempt to Create a Binding Instrument for Regulating Corporations
As clearly stated, many of the initiatives presented above have the same aim and overall
goal, namely that states are responsible for protecting human rights, including from
multinational corporations, while corporations must respect human rights, regardless of
states’ success of doing so. The obligation for corporations to respect human rights is also
evident in several other CSR initiatives. However, the underlying problem with all of
these different approaches is that there are still no legally binding instruments which force
corporations to protect human rights and that hold them legally accountable. Ruggie
recognised this in a 2006 report by stating that:
There can be little doubt but that these arrangements have weaknesses as well. One is
that most choose their own definitions and standards of human rights, influenced by
but rarely based directly on internationally agreed standards. Those choices have as
much to do with what is politically acceptable within and among the participating
entities than with objective human rights needs. Much the same is true of their
accountability provisions[.]190

As a response to this need, the United Nations Human Rights Council decided in 2014 to
establish an open-ended intergovernmental working group on transnational corporations
and other business enterprises with respect to human rights (OEIGWG) with the mandate
to elaborate on a legally binding instrument to regulate corporate human rights
violations.191 In time for the OEIGWG’s fifth session in 2019, the current revised draft
was published. The purpose of the revised draft is to strengthen the respect, promotion,
protection and fulfilment of human rights within business activities, to prevent violations
and ensure access to justice for victims, and to promote and strengthen international
cooperation in the area.192 The revised draft is aimed “to all business activities, including
particularly but not limited to those of a transnational character”.193 This article gives the
treaty a broad scope, as it would not exclude businesses that do not have activities in more

190

UN Commission on Human Rights, Interim report of the Special Representative of the SecretaryGeneral on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other business enterprises, 22
February 2006, UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/97, para. 53.
191
UN Human Rights Council Resolution 26/9, Elaboration of an international legally binding instrument
on transnational corporations and other business enterprises with respect to human rights, 14 July 2014,
UN Doc. A/HRC/RES/26/9, para. 1.
192
Ibid., para. 2
193
OEIGWG, Legally Binding Instrument to Regulate, In International Human Rights Law, the Activities
of Transnational Corporations and Other Business Enterprises, revised draft of 16 July 2019, Article 3.1.

38

Daniel Rönnberg

than one country, while also expanding the protection of human rights greatly as the treaty
would cover all human rights.194
While being aimed towards corporations, the revised draft still implicates that first and
foremost, it is the duty of states to make sure that businesses respect human rights and
prevent potential breaches of human rights.195 However, if businesses still abuse human
rights, states must make sure that domestic law allows for a system to hold corporations
liable for breaches.196 As it is not completely clear how these provisions would be
implemented, further guidance would be required from the committee that would be
established when the treaty enters into force.
There have been calls for greater responsibility taken by corporations, especially large
ones with activities in more than one state. This draft treaty would make corporations
liable for human rights abuses and would allow states to hold such corporations
accountable under their own national legal system. It is certainly an interesting idea and
a step forward in the protection of human rights. The question that remains to be answered
yet is how a treaty like this would be received. Some has expressed their support for the
draft treaty. For example, the European Economic and Social Committee, a consultative
body of the EU composed of employers’ organisations, trade unions, and representatives
of other various interests, has in an opinion expressed its support for a binding treaty and
stated that “[h]uman rights infringements in global value chains can be better prevented
when there is an international binding standard for everyone”.197 However, there is always
a risk that states’ more dependent on foreign investments and corporations would be
reluctant to ratify any treaty that would potentially scare away large corporations from
the country if they face the risk of ever being persecuted for any violation.

194

OEIGWG, Legally Binding Instrument to Regulate, In International Human Rights Law, the Activities
of Transnational Corporations and Other Business Enterprises, revised draft of 16 July 2019, Article 3.3.
195
Ibid., Article 5.
196
Ibid., Article 6.
197
European Economic and Social Committee, “The EESC supports a binding UN treaty to impose
sanctions on companies that violate human rights”, available on https://www.eesc.europa.eu/en/newsmedia/news/eesc-supports-binding-un-treaty-impose-sanctions-companies-violate-human-rights-0,
accessed 2 July 2020.

39

Daniel Rönnberg

3.4 Home State Responsibility for Internationally Wrongful Acts
As the world economy has become more globalised than ever before, the impact of
multinational corporations has also increased. As discussed above, while the obligation
of states to regulate corporations and protect citizens from human rights abuses within
their own jurisdiction is evident. Such measures need to be effective and suitable in order
to control, regulate, investigate and persecute non-state actors that violate human rights.
This obligation arises even in cases when the actions are not attributable to the state.
Hence, states violate their human rights violations by failing to regulate corporations or
other non-state actors within their jurisdiction.198
However, many industrialised states actively assist their corporations to win investment
opportunities, lobby against regulatory or political barriers or help their corporations to
establish industrial activities in foreign nations. By doing so, states might also, although
not purposely, enable human rights violations conducted by their corporate citizens as a
consequence of their activities abroad.199
The ILC concluded in 2001 the Draft Articles on the Responsibility of States for
Internationally Wrongful Acts (ARSIWA). While the ARSIWA are not binding, they
have widely become accepted as customary international law and have been applied by
human rights treaty bodies both explicitly and implicitly.200 According to the ARSIWA,
these situations give rise to state responsibility:
There is an internationally wrongful act of a State when conduct consisting of an
action or omission:
(a) is attributable to the State under international law; and
(b) constitutes a breach of an international obligation of the State. 201

State obligations under international human rights law are not limited to its territory but
extend to include obligations to both individuals within the territory of the state as well

198

McCorquodale & Simons, 2007, p. 618.
Ibid., pp. 598–599.
200
Ibid., pp. 601–602.
201
ILC, Draft Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, November 2001,
Supplement No. 10 (A/56/10), Article 2.
199

40

Daniel Rönnberg

as to those who are subject to a state’s jurisdiction. To define the difference between the
term jurisdiction and territory, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights has
stated that jurisdiction is not limited to, or having the same scope as national territories,
but that a state “may be responsible under certain circumstances for the acts and omissions
of its agents which produce effects or are undertaken outside that state’s own territory”.202
Both the ECtHR and the HRC have expressed similar opinions.203 Hence, if jurisdiction
can be established, this might give states extraterritorial human rights obligations and thus
may be responsible for human rights violations conducted abroad. The HRC has stated
that “a State party must respect and ensure the rights laid down in the Covenant to anyone
within the power or effective control of that State Party, even if not situated within the
territory of the State Party”.204 The question that then arises is if states can be responsible
for human rights violations conducted by corporations abroad, or if the obligation is
limited to arising from acts by entities directly linked to the state.
The ARSIWA holds that there are two situations when actions of corporations can give
rise to state responsibility. The first situation that might give rise to state responsibility
when the entity is exercising public authority. Article 5 holds that:
The conduct of a person or entity which is not an organ of the State under article 4 but
which is empowered by the law of that State to exercise elements of the governmental
authority shall be considered an act of the State under international law, provided the
person or entity is acting in that capacity in the particular instance. 205

It is important to note that for there to be an attribution to the state for a wrongful act, the
corporation must perform some sort of governmental activity. Hence, private or
commercial activities that do not have any governmental functions may not give rise to
state responsibility, even though the corporation would be wholly owned by the state.
However, governmental activities can include a wide range of functions, such as running
health care facilities, to private airlines having delegated immigration powers. Therefore,

202

Saldaño v. Argentina, Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, Report No. 38/99 as of 11
March 1999, para. 17.
203
McCorquodale & Simons, 2007, p. 603.
204
HRC, General Comment No. 31 [80] on the Nature of the General Legal Obligation Imposed on States
Parties to the Covenant, 26 May 2004, UN Doc. CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add. 13, para. 10.
205
ILC Draft Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, 2001, Article 5.

41

Daniel Rönnberg

the important element to identify is whether or not the corporation is performing
governmental authority, and not to which degree it is owned by the state.206
The second instance when an action can be attributed to the state is if it is acting under
the instruction, direction or control of the state. Article 8 holds that:
The conduct of a person or entity which is not an organ of the State under article 4 but
which is empowered by the law of that State to exercise elements of the governmental
authority shall be considered an act of the State under international law, provided the
person or entity is acting in that capacity in the particular instance.207

The second instance when corporate actions can be attributed to the state might be
invoked if a corporation is not exercising governmental authority or it is not possible to
prove that it is carrying out such functions. In order to be attributed to the state, the
activities must be directly instructed by, or under the control of, the state. A state may
also be responsible even if a corporation is acting under the control of a state and have
not followed the given instructions and have acted in a wrongful way.208
Considering the ever-growing influence of corporations on the global scale, the principles
of state responsibility for internationally wrongful acts, such as breaches of human rights
violations, create a level of accountability as it requires states to exercise due diligence,
monitor and regulate their corporate nationals acting abroad.

206

McCorquodale & Simons, 2007, pp. 606–607.
ILC Draft Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts, 2001, Article 8.
208
McCorquodale & Simons, 2007, p. 608.
207

42

Daniel Rönnberg

4 The Environment as a Human Rights Issue
4.1 Emergence of Environmental Human Rights
The question of whether there is, theoretically, a recognisable human right to a healthy
environment and whether such a right is even necessary, has been widely discussed
amongst legal scholars for a long time. Opponents of the idea have argued that such a
right, dealing with environmental matters, would not fit into the established international
human rights framework. The argument for this is that using a human rights-based
approach to what some consider a social problem would, according to the opponents of
the idea, deal with issues of a social character and therefore undermine the existing human
rights framework. Additionally, it has been contested whether there exists a binding
international human rights instrument protecting the right to a healthy environment.209
Nevertheless, the interdependence between human rights and the environment has been
recognised multiple times by various legal instruments and courts. This might give rise
to the objection that courts are exceeding their jurisdiction in deciding on cases related to
the environment, while in reality, the courts are often hearing these cases due to the failure
of the state to enforce their national environmental regulation or where environmental
degradation violate human rights. Hence, courts hear human rights cases, not
environmental.210
Although most instruments recognising the relationship between human rights and
environmental protection are so-called soft law instruments, there are some binding
instruments and decisions of various courts that either explicitly recognises the right to a
healthy environment or are taking a human rights-based approach to environmental
protection. Hence, there is without doubt evidence that human rights-based approaches
can be applied regarding environmental considerations.211
Extensive work has been carried out by the UN in order to identify human rights that are
especially vulnerable to environmental degradation. In 2012, the Human Rights Council
established the mandate for the Independent Expert on human rights and the environment
209

Emesh, 2011, p. 67.
Shelton, 2018, p. 103.
211
Emesh, 2011, p. 67.
210

43

Daniel Rönnberg

and appointed John Knox as the first mandate holder.212 The mandate was later extended
as the Special Rapporteur on the issue of human rights obligations relating to the
enjoyment of a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment. 213 As the mandate of
Knox came to an end, he presented the Framework Principles on Human Rights and the
Environment, which set out basic obligations of under human rights law related to a clean
environment. The principles did not create new obligations but reflect on existing human
rights obligations in an environmental context.214 The first two Principles hold that
“[states] should ensure a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment in order to
respect, protect and fulfill human rights”,215 and that “[states] should respect, protect and
fulfil human rights in order to ensure a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable
environment”.216 This obligation does not only entail that states refrain from acting in
such a way so that they do not violate human rights but also obligates states to take active
measures to protect human rights violations from environmental degradation, such as by
legislative measures.217
Still, some aspects of environmental impact on the enjoyment of human rights have
received particular attention. For instance, in 2010, the UN recognised access to clean
water as a human right. In a resolution, the UNGA stated that it is “[recognising] the right
to safe and clean drinking water and sanitation as a human right that is essential for the
full enjoyment of life and all human rights”.218 A similar resolution recognising access to
clean air has not been adopted; however, even though there is plenty of evidence on the
importance of breathing clean air and the health impacts that polluted air can have. The
second UN Special Rapporteur on Human Rights and the environment, David Boyd,
noted and commented on this in a 2019 report, stating that:

212

UN Human Rights Council Resolution 19/10, Human rights and the environment, 22 March 2012, UN
Doc. A/HRC/RES/19/10.
213
UN Human Rights Council Resolution 28/11, Human rights and the environment, 26 March 2015, UN
Doc. A/HRC/RES/28/11.
214
UN Human Rights Council, Framework Principles on Human Rights and the Environment, annexed to
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the issue of human rights obligations relating to the enjoyment of a
safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment, 24 January 2018, UN Doc. A/HRC/37/59, para. 8.
215
Ibid., Principle 1.
216
Ibid., Principle 2.
217
Boyle, 2012, p. 615.
218
UNGA Resolution 64/292, The human right to water and sanitation, 28 July 2010, UN Doc.
A/RES/66/292, para. 1.

44

Daniel Rönnberg

Air pollution also clearly violates the right to a healthy and sustainable environment.
While the General Assembly has adopted numerous resolutions on the right to clean
water, it has never adopted a resolution on the right to clean air. Surely if there is a
human right to clean water, there must be a human right to clean air. Both are essential
to life, health, dignity and well-being.219

The statement was included in a report by the Special Rapporteur concerning the impact
that polluted air has on the enjoyment of human rights. The report concluded that poor
air quality has implications for a wide range of human rights and that many international
human rights instruments implicitly pose obligation on states to protect access to clean
air.220

4.2 How Human Rights Can Be Applied in an Environmental Context
When addressing the relationship between human rights and the environment, there are
typically three different approaches to choose. The first approach is what Leib calls the
expansion theory. This approach is commonly referred to as the “greening” of human
rights. According to this approach, well established substantive human rights, such as the
right to life or health, can be expanded or re-interpreted in order to accommodate
environmental considerations. Thus, compared to creating an entirely new human right
to a healthy environment – which could be quite a complicated and controversial process
– the expansion theory could serve as a model and as a transitional stage that could lead
to a possible future recognition of explicit environmental human rights.221 As will be
noted above, this approach has been extensively used by the European Court of Human
Rights.
The second approach is the environmental democracy approach. This approach
underlines the necessity of procedural human rights in order to empower civil society to
challenge industrial projects and influence public environmental policies and decisions.
The advantage of this approach is that procedural rights are already well-established in
219

UN Human Rights Council, Issue of human rights obligations relating to the enjoyment of a safe,
clean, healthy and sustainable environment - Report of the Special Rapporteur, 8 January 2019, UN Doc.
A/HRC/40/55, para. 44.
220
Ibid., paras. 44–45.
221
Leib, 2011, pp. 71–72.

45

Daniel Rönnberg

international human rights law.222 For example, the ICCPR recognises many procedural
rights which are of importance when it comes to environmental protection; such as the
right to seek information, the right to participate in public affairs, the right to a fair hearing
and the right to freedom of expression.223 However, especially important when it comes
to procedural human rights in an environmental context is the Aarhus Convention, which
explicitly recognises environmental procedural human rights, such as access to
information, participation in decision-making, and access to justice in environmental
matters.224 It is important to remember, however, that even though the Aarhus Convention
recognises the interdependence between human rights and the environment, it is beyond
the scope of the Convention to protect such right per se.225 Former UN Secretary-General
Kofi Annan has stated that:
Although regional in scope, the significance of the Aarhus Convention is global. It is
by far the most impressive elaboration of principle 10 of the Rio Declaration, which
stresses the need for citizens’ participation in environmental issues and for access to
information on the environment held by public authorities. As such it is the most
ambitious venture in the area of environmental democracy so far undertaken under
the auspices of the United Nations.226

The third and final approach which Leib identifies is the genesis theory. This approach
aims for a substantive right to a healthy environment. Similar to the expansion theory,
this approach recognises that the protection of human rights is dependent on a healthy
environment. However, this approach may lead to the sacrifice of fundamental human
rights in some cases, for the sake of environmental protection and sustainable
development.227 The rationale for this idea is that the effects of environmental degradation
are often irreversible or long-term. Hence, the precautionary principle is of central
importance to the genesis approach, urging states to act or abstain from action, in cases
of uncertainty about the environmental effects that the actions could have.228

222

Leib, 2011, p. 81.
ICCPR, 1966, Articles 14, 19 and 25.
224
Council of Europe, Manual on Human Rights and the Environment, 2012, p. 12.
225
Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decision-making and Access to Justice
in Environmental Matters, concluded 25 June 1998, entered into force 30 October 2001, 2161 UNTS 447,
preamble.
226
UNECE, “The Aarhus Convention: An Implementation Guide”, 2000, foreword.
227
Leib, 2011, p. 88.
228
Ibid., pp. 88–89.
223

46

Daniel Rönnberg

Proponents of a substantive right to a healthy environment argue that the reliance on wellestablished human rights in order to address environmental considerations is limited in
both effectiveness and scope since plaintiffs are required to show a clear connection
between environmental degradation and violated human rights, which sometimes may be
hard to prove. The recognition of a substantive right to a healthy environment would,
therefore, according to the proponents of the idea, be more effective and would not risk
be failing in court due to no scientific evidence between human rights violations and
environmental matters.229
All of these three approaches have received both support and opposition to a certain
degree. For this thesis, it is interesting to examine a bit more closely how the first theory,
the expansion theory, has been used in various international courts since there is no
globally recognised human right to a healthy environment or air. It is especially
interesting to examine how environmental considerations have been invoked before the
ECtHR, since the ECHR does not contain a right to a healthy environment, unlike the
Banjul Charter and Protocol of San Salvador to the ACHR. Nevertheless, there is a great
body of case law where the ECtHR has dealt with the issue of environmental impacts on
human rights set out in the Convention and which illustrates the breadth of the of issues
that may affect human rights.230
As early as 1991, the Court stated in the Fredin v. Sweden case that “in today’s society
the protection of the environment is an increasingly important consideration.”231 This has
also been confirmed by the Council of Europe, which in its Manual on Human Rights and
the Environments states that:
Neither the Convention nor the Charter are designed to provide a general protection
of the environment as such and do not expressly guarantee a right to a sound, quiet
and healthy environment. However, the Convention and the Charter indirectly offer a
certain degree of protection with regard to environmental matters, as demonstrated by
the evolving case-law of the Court and decisions of the Committee on Social Rights
in this area.232

229

Leib, 2011, pp. 88–89.
Sands, Peel, Fabra & MacKenzie, 2018, p. 826.
231
Fredin v. Sweden, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 12033/86, judgement of 18
February 1991, para. 48.
232
Council of Europe, Manual on Human Rights and the Environment, 2012, p. 7.
230

47

Daniel Rönnberg

Indeed, the understanding that states have human rights obligations relating to the
environment is so well understood that it sometimes is left uncontested. Even more
significant is the fact that state responsibility may even be invoked when there is a risk of
harm instead of ex post application of a human rights violation.233
The reasons for why the Court can deal with issues not explicitly protected by the ECHR
lies in the fact that the Convention shall be regarded as a living instrument to be
interpreted in the light of present-day conditions. The first reference to this is made in the
1978 Tyrer v. United Kingdom case.234 Since then, the Court has been able to address
many different cases where […], including the environment. This does not, however,
mean that the Court would rule that any complaint relating to the environment would
result in a breach of the Convention rights.
When it comes to environmental protection and decision making, the Court has granted
the Member States a wide margin of appreciation. However, states still need to strike a
fair balance between the competing interests of the individual and the community as a
whole, as illustrated in the case of Hatton and Others v. United Kingdom. In its
judgement, concerning noise nuisance from the London Heathrow airport, the Court held
that “in the particularly sensitive field of environmental protection, mere reference to the
economic well-being of the country was not sufficient to outweigh the rights of others”.235
Further, it held that states must try to minimise human rights interference as far as possible
by “by trying to find alternative solutions and by generally seeking to achieve their aims
in the least onerous way as regards human rights.”236
Cases brought before the ECtHR concerning alleged breaches of environmental human
rights usually invoke one of two articles, namely Article 2 (the right to life) or Article 8
(the right to respect for private life and family life). Even though the articles protect two

233

Pedersen, 2018, p. 87.
See Tyrer v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 5856/72, judgement
of 25 April 1978, para. 31.
235
Hatton and Others v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 36022/97,
judgement of 8 July 2003, para. 86.
236
Ibid., para. 86.
234

48

Daniel Rönnberg

different rights, the Court has noted that the scopes of both of these rights often overlap
with each other.237
Sub-chapter 4.4 below will examine the expansion theory a bit more closely, by
discussing how well-established rights, more precisely the right to life, health and
privacy, has been invoked in environmental contexts. It will also examine how the right
to a healthy environment within the African and Inter-American regional human rights
systems has been implemented. However, the environmental human rights jurisprudence
from the Inter-American human rights system is relatively limited but has, like the
European Court, been made possible through an evolutive interpretation of the rights
contained in the ACHR that are vulnerable to environmental degradation. A key feature
in the human rights system in the value of participatory rights, which is not unsurprisingly
most relevant in cases concerning indigenous rights.238

4.3 Justiciability of Environmental Rights
The rights usually invoked in cases concerning human rights violations belongs to two
distinct sets of rights. For example, the right to life and private life falls under the realm
of civil and political rights, while the right to health or property falls under the realm of
economic, social and cultural rights. The right to a healthy environment also falls under
the realm of economic, social and cultural rights, which is why it is worth briefly
discussing the justiciability and scope of these rights.
While either of the two 1966 Covenants protects both of these sets of rights, the latter set
of rights has often been regarded as less justiciable and enforceable than the former set
of rights. The origins of this view are that the ICCPR has been endowed with more
specific provisions than the ICESCR, which led to the view of civil and political rights as
“real rights” and supreme over economic, social and cultural rights.239 Indeed, this point
of view is understandable, if one can only file suits against alleged violations of civil and
237

Pedersen, 2018, p. 88.
Pavoni, 2015, p. 70.
239
Leib, 2011, p. 59.
238

49

Daniel Rönnberg

political rights, and not economic, social and cultural rights. Additionally, many parties
to the ICESCR have not implemented the Covenant in their domestic legal systems, with
the excuse that it is undesirable to legislate for the rights entailed in the Covenant since
their judiciary system is not well equipped to deal with the broad range of economic,
social and cultural rights that are protected by the Covenant.240 However, it is not until
recently that economic, social and cultural rights became enforceable at a UN level, with
the entry into force of the Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights (OP-ICESCR). With the entry into force of OP-ICESCR,
individual communications were allowed to be submitted to the Committee on Economic,
Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), in cases where domestic remedies are lacking or
not sufficient.241
When examining the scope of state obligations according to Article 2(1) of the ICESCR,
it is quite unclear exactly to what extent states have to fulfil the obligations in the
Covenant. Article 2(1) establishes that states need to “take steps […] to the maximum of
its available resources, with a view to achieving progressively the full realisation of the
rights recognised in the present Covenant by all appropriate means, including particularly
the adoption of legislative measures.”242 Compared to the equivalent Article 2(1) of the
ICCPR, which requires states to “take the necessary steps, in accordance with its
constitutional processes and with the provisions of the present Covenant, to adopt such
laws or other measures as may be necessary to give effect to the rights recognised in the
present Covenant”,243 the wording of the ICESCR is much more imprecise in comparison.
In its General Comment No. 3 on the nature of state parties’ obligations, the CESCR
elaborated on the scope of the obligations. The CESCR notes that while Article 2(1)
obligates states to take steps in order to achieve the progressive realisation of the rights,
such steps must be taken in a reasonably short time and as deliberately as possible in order
to meet the obligations. Such measures would include, in addition to legislation, the

240

Anton & Shelton, 2011, p. 255.
See Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,
concluded 10 December 2008, entered into force 5 May 2013, UN doc. A/RES/63/117, Article 2.
242
ICESCR, 1966, Article 2(1).
243
ICCPR, 1966, Article 2(1).
241

50

Daniel Rönnberg

provision of remedies which may be considered justiciable.244 Even so, the General
Comment recognises that all rights may not be fully realised within a short period of time,
but stresses that the wording of progressive realisation should not be misinterpreted as
depriving the obligations of meaningful content.245
Nevertheless, the CESCR recognises that the ICESCR includes some minimum core
obligations to ensure the satisfaction of at least the very minimum essential level of each
of the rights enshrined in the ICESCR.246 For example, the CESCR states that “a State
party in which any significant number of individuals is deprived of essential foodstuffs,
of essential primary health care, of basic shelter and housing, or of the most basic forms
of education is, prima facie, failing to discharge its obligations under the Covenant”.247 If
the ICESCR were read not to include such minimum core obligations, the Covenant
would lose its raison d’ être, the CESCR argues.248 Hence, the common argument for
lack of resources for states failure to fulfil the rights in the Covenant is not justified.249
Still, in recognition to the principle of progressive realisation and the broad spectrum of
rights protected by the ICESCR, and the number of recourses it takes to fulfil said rights,
the CESCR must still consider, when examining communications under the OP-ICESCR,
“the reasonableness of the steps taken by the State Party [and] bear in mind that the State
Party may adopt a range of possible policy measures for the implementation of the rights
set forth in the Covenant”.250 However, a margin of appreciation such as the one found
within the European regional human rights system was rejected, as it was deemed unfit
for general international law.251

244

CESCR General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties’ Obligations (Art. 2, Para. 1, of the
Covenant), 14 December 1990, UN Doc. E/1991/23, paras. 2 and 5.
245
Ibid., para. 9.
246
CESCR General Comment No. 3, 1990, para. 10.
247
Ibid.
248
Ibid.
249
Leib, 2011, p. 62.
250
OP-ICESCR, 2008, Article 8(4).
251
Anton & Shelton, 2011, pp. 255–256.

51

Daniel Rönnberg

4.4 Rights Vulnerable to Environmental Degradation
4.4.1 Right to Life
The right to life is the most fundamental of all human rights, as it is essential to the very
existence of all human beings.252 It can be found in most of the major international and
regional human rights instruments; Article 3 of the UDHR,253 Article 6 of the ICCPR,254
Article 4 of the Banjul Charter,255 Article 4 of the ACHR,256 and in Article 2 of the
ECHR.257
The right to life is a jus cogens norm posing obligations on states not only to refrain from
violating the right to life but also making the state accountable when it fails to prevent
violations of the right. This also includes violations conducted by non-state actors, such
as multinational corporations, and even when the state did not take any part in the
violations.258 The HRC, the body responsible for monitoring the implementation of the
ICCPR, has reaffirmed this interpretation in its General Comment No. 6 on the right to
life, stating that:
The expression “inherent right to life” cannot properly be understood in a restrictive
manner, and the protection of this right requires that States adopt positive measures.
In this connection, the Committee considers that it would be desirable for States
parties to take all possible measures to reduce infant mortality and to increase life
expectancy[.]259

In its General Comment No. 36 on the right to life, the HRC described the right to life as
“the supreme right from which no derogation is permitted even in situations of […] public

252

Leib, 2011, p. 72.
UDHR, 1948, Article 3: “Everyone has the right to life, liberty and security of person.”
254
ICCPR, 1966, Article 6(1): “Every human being has the inherent right to life. This right shall be
protected by law. No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his life.”
255
Banjul Charter, 1982, Article 4: “Human beings are inviolable. Every human being shall be entitled to
respect for his life and the integrity of his person. No one may be arbitrarily deprived of this right.”
256
ACHR, 1969, Article 4(1): “Every person has the right to have his life respected. This right shall be
protected by law and, in general, from the moment of conception. No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of
his life.”
257
ECHR, 1950, Article 2(1): “Everyone’s right to life shall be protected by law. No one shall be
deprived of his life intentionally save in the execution of a sentence of a court following his conviction of
a crime for which this penalty is provided by law.”
258
Leib, 2011, p. 72.
259
HRC, General Comment No. 6: Article 6 (Right to Life), 30 April 1982, UN Doc. U.N. Doc.
HRI/GEN/1/Rev.1 at 6, para 5.
253

52

Daniel Rönnberg

emergencies which threatens the life of the nation.”260 The HRC also held that the right
to life “has crucial importance both for individuals and for society as a whole.”261 Further,
the right to life “should not be interpreted narrowly.”262
The HRC has recognised the interdependence between a healthy environment and human
rights by stating that “[e]nvironmental degradation, climate change and unsustainable
development constitute some of the most pressing and serious threats to the ability of
present and future generations to enjoy the right to life”.263 Further, the duty to protect
life also extends to taking appropriate steps to address general conditions in society which
may threaten the enjoyment of the right to life, where the environment is included.264
Compared to the two previous General Comments that the HRC has given on the right
life, General Comment No. 6 (1982) and General Comment No. 14 (1984), the HRC goes
much further in expanding and explaining the scope of the right to life in General
Comment No. 36.265 The General Comment indicates that states’ obligations to protect
the right to life include the duty to preserve the environment against harm, pollution and
degradation from public and private actors alike. In doing so, states obligations according
to international environmental agreements are of importance.
With General Comment No. 36 in mind, it is interesting to examine the case of Portillo
Cáceres v. Paraguay. In 2019, the HRC issued its decision on a complaint submitted by
a family against Paraguay. The victims acted under Article 5 of the Optional Protocol to
the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which allows for individual
complaints against state parties to the ICCPR in cases of alleged breaches.266 The victims
claimed that Paraguay has, inter alia, breached its obligations to protect the human right
to life under the ICCPR, by failing to exercise an adequate control over a large industrial
260

HRC, General Comment No. 36: Article 6: Right to life, 3 September 2019, UN Doc. CCPR/C/GC/36,
para. 2.
261
Ibid.
262
Ibid., para. 3.
263
Ibid., para. 62.
264
Ibid., para. 26.
265
Joseph, 2019, p. 347.
266
Optical Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 1966, Article 5: “1. The
Committee shall consider communications received under the present Protocol in the light of all written
information made available to it by the individual and by the State Party concerned.”

53

Daniel Rönnberg

agricultural facility, causing degradation to the environment and affecting the victims
living conditions, lives and health.267 According to the complaint, large plantations in the
area where the victims lived used pesticides on a large scale. This caused symptoms such
as nausea, headaches, fever, stomach pain, diarrhoea and vomiting among the victims.
One of the victims got such severe symptoms that he died due to agrochemical poisoning,
and more than 20 others, including two children, were hospitalised during the same
period.268
The state of Paraguay responded to the claim by arguing that the complaint was
inadmissible ratione materiae since the ICCPR does not recognise any environmental
rights.269 The HRC noted, however, that the victims did not claim that their right to a
healthy environment had been violated, rather “violations of their right to life […] on the
grounds that the State party has not honoured its positive obligation to protect those rights,
which, in the case at hand, would entail enforcing environmental standards.”270 When
considering the merits of the case, the HRC recalled General Comment No. 36, noting
that the right to life should not be interpreted narrowly and that the right also concerns
“the entitlement of individuals to enjoy a life with dignity and to be free from acts or
omissions that would cause their unnatural or premature death.”271 Having established
that states have a duty to address general conditions in society, including environmental
degradation, that might threaten the right to life, and noting the developments in other
international courts regarding the interlinkage between human rights and the
environment, the HRC concluded that Paraguay had not fulfilled its obligation according
to Article 6 of the ICCPR.272
While the case of Portillo Cáceres was the first time that the HRC recognises
environmental harm as a human rights violation,273 regional jurisprudence of this kind is
267

Portillo Cáceres v. Paraguay, Communication No. 2751/2016, Views of 9 August 2019, UN Doc.
CCPR/C/126/D/2751/2016, para. 3.4.
268
Ibid., paras. 2.3, 2.6–2.8, 3.1.
269
Ibid., para. 4.1.
270
ibid, para. 6.3.
271
Ibid., para. 7.3. See also General comment No. 36 (2018) on the right to life, para. 3.
272
Ibid., paras. 7.3–7.6.
273
EJIL:Talk!, “Human Rights and the Environment: The UN Human Rights Committee Affirms the
Duty to Protect”, 2019, available on https://www.ejiltalk.org/human-rights-and-the-environment-the-unhuman-rights-committee-affirms-the-duty-to-protect/, accessed 10 March 2020.

54

Daniel Rönnberg

more established. Especially the ECtHR has dealt with several cases concerning the
environmental impact on human rights. The first case brought before the ECtHR
concerning environmental conditions that led to the loss of life was the case of Öneryildiz
v. Turkey. In the case, two Turkish nationals argued, inter alia, that the Turkish
government was responsible for the deaths of their families due to a methane explosion
at a municipal waste management site, and therefore had failed to protect the right to life
of their families.274 The waste management site was built on a piece of land that was, at
the time, uninhabited with some 3 kilometres to the closest settlement. However, people
started moving into the area surrounding the site without authorisation, eventually
developing a slum.275 In 1993, a methane explosion occurred, causing the death of 39
people and destroying more than ten dwellings.276
In this case, even though the dwellings were built illegally, the ECtHR found that the
Turkish government had failed to protect the lives of the victims. When assessing the
case, the ECtHR noted that Article 2 of the ECHR does not only concern deaths resulting
from actions of agents of the state. The state also has a positive duty to protect the rights
of those living within the jurisdiction of the state, even from private actors not directly
linked to the state. This positive obligation “must be construed as applying in the context
of any activity, whether public or not, in which the right to life may be at stake, and a
fortiori in the case of industrial activities, which by their very nature are dangerous, such
as the operation of waste-collection sites.”277 Hence, due to the lack of appropriate steps
taken to prevent the deaths, the Court found that the state of Turkey had violated Article
2 of the ECHR.278 This approach has also been taken by the HRC, which in its General
Comment No. 36 stated that:
The duty to take positive measures to protect the right to life derives from the general
duty to ensure the rights recognised in the Covenant[.] States parties are thus under a
due diligence obligation to take reasonable, positive measures that do not impose
disproportionate burdens on them in response to reasonably foreseeable threats to life
originating from private persons and entities whose conduct is not attributable to the
State. […] State Parties must further take adequate measures of protection, including
274

Öneryildiz v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 48939/99, judgement of 30
November 2004, para. 3.
275
Ibid., para. 10.
276
Ibid., para. 18.
277
Ibid., para. 71.
278
Ibid., para. 176.

55

Daniel Rönnberg

continuous supervision, in order to prevent, investigate, punish and remedy arbitrary
deprivation of life by private entities. 279

In the case of The Social and Economic Rights Action Center and the Center for
Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria (SERAC v. Nigeria), two NGOs filed a complaint
against the Nigerian government, alleging that it has failed to protect, inter alia, Article
4 of the Banjul Charter.280 The case concerned an allegation that the Nigerian military
government had been directly involved in oil production in the Niger Delta region. The
government was active in this production through a state-owned company, which in turn
was the majority shareholder in a consortium with Shell Petroleum Development
Corporation, a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Evidence shows that oil spilling is not
uncommon in the Niger Delta region, which has severe environmental impacts, in the
form of degradation of agricultural land, destruction of fisheries and general socioeconomic effects, which leads to problems for the local inhabitants.281 In this case, the
affected population was the Ogoni People.282 While the main accusations against the
Nigerian government concerned alleged violations of Article 16 (right to health) and
Article 24 (right to environment), the applicants also argued that their right to life
according to Article 4 of the African Charter had been violated. The Court held that
“pollution and environmental degradation to a level humanly unacceptable has made it
living in the Ogoni land a nightmare”283 and that the survival of the Ogonis depend on
the land destroyed by the environmental degradation, and hence found a violation of
Article 4.284 This reasoning is in line with the African Commission on Human and Peoples
Rights’ views on the interpretation of the right to life according to Article 4 of the Banjul
Charter. In General Comment No. 3 on the right to life, the Commission held that “the
Charter envisages the protection not only of life in a narrow sense but of dignified life.”285
The interpretation of the right in a broad sense requires that the state takes preventative

279

HRC, General Comment No. 36, 2019, para. 21.
SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 10.
281
Ebeku, 2003, p. 156–157.
282
SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 1.
283
Ibid., para. 67.
284
Ibid.
285
African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights General Comment No. 3 on the African Charter
on Human and Peoples’ Rights: The Right To Life (Article 4), 2015, para. 3.
280

56

Daniel Rönnberg

steps to preserve the environment from degradation caused by third parties.286 This, in
addition to the findings in the case of SERAC v. Nigeria, shows that there is a normative
unity between the human right to a healthy environment and the right to life within the
African regional human rights system.287 The uniqueness of the African situation and the
special qualities of the African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights imposes upon the
African Commission an important task. International law and human rights must be
responsive to African circumstances. Clearly, collective rights, environmental rights, and
economic and social rights are essential elements of human rights in Africa.288
This issue has also been dealt with in domestic courts. One example is the case of the
Clean Air Foundation Limited & Gordon David Oldham v. Government of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region (“the Clean Air Foundation v. HKSAR”). The case
concerned Hong Kong’s failure to mitigate air pollution in the special administrative
region of China even though the semi-autonomous region has adopted an Air Quality
Objectives but failed to update these in accordance with the current WHO standards. At
the time that the claim was filed, air pollution was the number one health crisis.289 The
claimants filed a petition before the Court of First Instance, claiming that Hong Kong had
violated human rights protected by the Basic Law of Hong Kong, the Basic Law’s Bill of
Rights and relevant internationally protected human rights, such as the right to life and
health.290 The claimants applied for judicial review, which is a process that has been used
in public interest cases to hold the government responsible for the failure to execute its
obligations under the law.291 The present case was the first before a Hong Kong court had
claimed a human rights-based approach in an environmental context. The case did
ultimately fail on the merits, but nevertheless, it set a standard on how the right to life can
be interpreted in an environmental context.292

286

General Comment No. 3 on the African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights, 2015, paras. 3 and 41.
Chenwi, 2018, p. 67.
288
SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 68.
289
Croshaw, 2014, pp. 450–452. See also Clean Air v. HKSAR [2007] HKCFI 757; HCAL 35/2007 (26
July 2007), paras. 4, 6–7. The case is, according to the presiding judge Hartmann, a “broad, frontal attack
on what is asserted to be a failure of Government to tackle the problems presented by air pollution”, see
Clean Air vs HKSAR, 2007, para. 1.
290
Clean Air vs HKSAR, 2007, paras. 16–18.
291
Croshaw, 2014, pp.474–475.
292
Ibid., pp. 450–452.
287

57

Daniel Rönnberg

The main question of the case was whether the right to life protected by the Basic Law,
the Bill of Rights and international conventions might be applied within an environmental
context. The two relevant provisions in the domestic legislation protect the right to life
indeed, but in the context of detention, trial and punishment. The applicants had argued
that, due to an evident international trend, the protection of the right to life might also be
extended to outside the context of crime and punishment, such as in environmental
matters.293 The court supported this view and recognised that the Hong Kong government
have a duty to protect people’s right to life within an environmental context. The Court
held that “at least prima facie arguable that the constitutional right to life may apply in
the circumstances advocated by the applicants […] by imposing some sort of duty on the
Government to combat air pollution”.294 Thus, it accepted the claim that the government
have a duty to regulate air pollution within the special administrative region.
The case also contained another declaration, in which the claimants contested that the
Hong Kong government did not fulfil its duty to protect human rights since, according to
the claimants, the provisions in the Hong Kong’s Air Pollution Control Ordinance
(APCO) did not meet the duties imposed on the government by the Basic Law, the Bill
of Rights and international legislation. Therefore, the claimants argued that the APCO
was invalid.295 However, this focus was too broad in scope, and the applicants did amend
the claim and chose to focus on section 7 of APCO, which requires states to adopt up-todate air quality directives.296 Even this approach was very broad, and the court noted that
by focusing on a certain section of the APCO instead of a human rights-based approach,
the claim did focus on policy matters, instead of judicial.297 Hence, the court declared the
declaration was fundamentally misconceived, and therefore the case was dismissed.298
Even though the case was eventually dismissed, it may be considered as having
established a legal precedent for Hong Kong and the rights-based approach to
environmental protection. Indeed, the case has been referred to in at least one other case
293

Clean Air vs HKSAR, 2007, para. 17.
Ibid.
295
Ibid., para. 20.
296
Ibid., paras. 23–25.
297
Ibid., para. 28. Judge Hartmann declared that “I was concerned that, no matter how the application was
worded, it was in reality an attack on Government policy. But matters of policy, of course, provided they
are lawfully determined and executed, are not matters for this court.” See Clean Air, 2007, para. 8.
298
Ibid., paras. 43–44
294

58

Daniel Rönnberg

since its decision. Additionally, it also helped to strengthen the presumption that
governments have a positive duty to protect the right to life in cases regarding
environmental matters. Since then, the government of Hong Kong has also updated its air
quality standards.299

4.4.2 Right to Health
The right to health belongs to the category of economic, social and cultural human rights
and is protected by several international instruments, such as Article 25 of the UDHR,300
Article 12 of the ICESCR,301 Article 10 of the Additional Protocol to the American
Convention on Human Rights in the Area of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (the
Protocol of San Salvador),302 Article 11 of the American Declaration of the Rights and
Duties of Man (American Declaration),303 and in Article 16 of the Banjul Charter.304
In its General Comment No. 14 on the right to the highest attainable standard of health,
the CESCR makes it clear that the right to health protected by Article 12 of the ICESCR
does not only protect access to healthcare or medical assistance but also needs to include
a wide range of socio-economic factors and underlying determinants of health. The
CESCR holds that such underlying determinants should include “food and nutrition,
housing, access to safe and potable water and adequate sanitation, safe and healthy
working conditions, and a healthy environment”.305 Additionally, Article 12(2)(b) of the
299

Croshaw, 2014, pp.478–479.
UDHR, 1948, Article 25: “Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and
well-being of himself and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary
social services.”
301
ICESR, 1966, Article 12(1): “The States Parties to the present Covenant recognize the right of
everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.”
302
Additional Protocol to the American Convention on Human Rights in the Area of Economic, Social
and Cultural Rights, concluded 17 November 1988, entered into force 16 November 1999, OAS Treaty
Series No. 69, Article 10(1): “Everyone shall have the right to health, understood to mean the enjoyment
of the highest level of physical, mental and social well-being.”
303
American Declaration of the Rights and Duties of Man, O.A.S. Res. XXX, 1948, Article 11: “Every
person has the right to the preservation of his health through sanitary and social measures relating to food,
clothing, housing and medical care, to the extent permitted by public and community resources.”
304
Banjul Charter, 1982, Article 16(1): “Every individual shall have the right to enjoy the best attainable
state of physical and mental health.”
305
CESCR General Comment No. 14: The Right to the Highest Attainable Standard of Health (Art. 12),
11 August 2000, UN Doc. E/C.12/2000/4. Emphasis added.
300

59

Daniel Rönnberg

ICESCR states that “[t]he steps to be taken by the States Parties to the present Covenant
to achieve the full realisation of this right shall include those necessary for […] [t]he
improvement of all aspects of environmental and industrial hygiene.”306 This should
include, inter alia, the requirement to prevent and reduce of the population’s exposure to
harmful substances or chemicals or other detrimental environmental conditions that may,
directly or indirectly, have a negative impact on human health. 307 In the same General
Comment, the CESCR also called upon states to “formulate and implement national
policies aimed at reducing and eliminating pollution of air, water and soil[.]”.308 In this
context, the CESCR clearly recognises the close interdependence on environmental
factors for the full realisation of human rights.309
The ECHR does not contain an explicit right to health. Instead, such a right can be found
in Article 11 of the revised European Social Charter.310 However, there is no mechanism
for alleged violations of the rights contained in the European Social Charter to be brought
before the ECtHR. Instead, there is a reporting system and a possibility to bring collective
complaints before the European Committee of Social Rights, which oversees the
protection of the rights contained in the European Social Charter.311
The first complaint ever to be brought before the Committee concerning environmental
degradation was the case of Marangopoulos Foundation for Human Rights (MFHR) v.
Greece (“MFHR v. Greece”). The case did claim, inter alia, that the Greek government
had failed to fulfil its obligations according to Article 11 of the European Social Charter,
by authorising an electric power company to operate lignite (brown coal) mines and
power stations fuelled by lignite, without taking the environmental impact into account
and without taking steps in order to reduce the environmental impact of the activities.
According to the applicants, the pollution that was caused by the industrial activities

306

ICESCR, 1966, Article 12(2)(b). Emphasis added.
CESCR General Comment No. 14, 2000, para. 15.
308
Ibid., para. 36. Emphasis added.
309
Lewis, 2018, p. 19.
310
European Social Charter (revised), concluded 3 May 1996, entered into force 1 July 1999, ETS
No.163, Article 11: “Everyone has the right to benefit from any measures enabling him to enjoy the
highest possible standard of health attainable.”
311
Anton & Shelton, 2011, p. 443.
307

60

Daniel Rönnberg

affected the nearby populations’ health.312 When considering the merits of the case, the
Committee reasoned much as the ECtHR does in cases where it deals with issues not
explicitly mentioned in the instrument, by stressing that the Charter, as the ECHR, is a
“living instrument, whose purpose is to protect rights not merely theoretically but also in
fact [and] therefore interprets the rights and freedoms set out in the Charter in the light of
current conditions.”313
The Committee noted the development by member states to the European Social Charter
that there is an increasing understanding that the protection of health and a healthy
environment is linked. The Committee also noted developments in all the regional human
rights bodies in Europe, the Americas and Africa, as well cited the above-mentioned
General Comment No. 14, in support for this argument.314 In finding a conclusion, the
Committee accepted the Greek government’s argument that a general interest justifies the
use of lignite in energy production for energy independence. Nevertheless, they also noted
the high volumes of emissions caused by lignite, particularly SO2 and NOx, and the
harmful effects that these types of pollutants have on human health and life.315 Summing
up, after taking into consideration the margin of discretion granted to national authorities
in this case, the Committee found that the Greek government had failed to strike a fair
balance between the public interest and the interests of those living near the mine, and
had therefore violated Article 11 of the European Social Charter.316
Aery notes that there are some critical constraints in how the right to health can be used
as a tool to protect access to clean air within the Inter-American human rights system.
The obvious obstacle is that the right to health is not found in the ACHR and even though
Article 11 of the Protocol of San Salvador contains the right, it is worded quite broadly
and does not allow for individuals to seek a remedy before the Inter-American Court or
Commission, as only two of the rights contained in the Protocol are open for complaints
procedures. However, the American Declaration does contain the right to health and does

312

MFHR v. Greece, European Committee of Social Rights, Complaint No. 30/2005 decision as of 6
December 2006, paras. 11–12.
313
Ibid., para. 194.
314
Ibid., paras. 195–196.
315
Ibid., paras. 198–200.
316
Ibid., paras. 221, 240.

61

Daniel Rönnberg

enable victims to file complaints. Still, the wording of Article 11 of the American
Declaration is much more vaguely worded and can only treat the consequences of air
pollution and does not obligate states to take proactive steps in order to protect the
environment.317
The issue of environmental impact on human health has also been very briefly examined
in the case of the Clean Air Foundation v. HKSAR. In the case, the claimants did argue
that Hong Kong’s government had failed to protect the right to health due to the bad air
quality in the special administrative region. The claimants argued that article 12 of the
ICESCR imposes a duty to protect the residents of Hong Kong from the known harmful
effects of air pollution upon the Hong Kong government. 318 The Court did examine the
claim very briefly and concluded that states must take steps for the progressive realisation
of the rights protected by the Covenant and continued by stating that “it must be prima
facie arguable that it imposes some sort of duty on state authorities to combat air pollution
even if it cannot be an absolute duty to ensure with immediate effect the end of all
pollution”.319 Hence, the court confirmed that Hong Kong has a duty to combat air
pollution but not completely eradicating it. Therefore, there is a positive obligation to
protect the health of the citizens, but the scope of this duty has to be determined.320

4.4.3 Right to Privacy
The right to privacy belongs to the civil and political rights and can be found in Article
12 of the UDHR,321 Article 17 of the ICCPR,322 Article 11 of the ACHR,323 and Article

317

Aery, 2016, pp. 23–24.
Clean Air v. HKSAR, 2007, para. 16.
319
Clean Air v. HKSAR, 2007, para. 19.
320
Croshaw, 2014, p. 477.
321
UDHR, 1948, Article 12: “No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family,
home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honor and reputation. Everyone has the right to the
protection of the law against such interference or attacks.”
322
ICCPR, 1966, Article 17: “1. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary or unlawful interference with his
privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to unlawful attacks on his honour and reputation.
2. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.”
323
ACHR, 1969, Article 11: “1. Everyone has the right to have his honor respected and his dignity
recognized.
318

62

Daniel Rönnberg

8(1) of the ECHR.324 The Banjul Charter does not include any reference to a human right
to privacy.
There is an extensive body of case law within the European human rights system, where
Article 8 of the ECHR has been used in order to address environmental degradation and
human rights. In the case of Kyrtatos v. Greece, recognised this and noted the
The Court notes that according to its established case-law, severe environmental
pollution may affect individuals’ well-being and prevent them from enjoying their
homes in such a way as to affect their private and family life adversely, without,
however, seriously endangering their health[.]325

Hence, the Court noted that environmental pollution might severely affect one’s private
life. However,
The crucial element which must be present in determining whether, in the
circumstances of a case, environmental pollution has adversely affected one of the
rights safeguarded by paragraph 1 of Article 8 is the existence of a harmful effect on
a person’s private or family sphere and not simply the general deterioration of the
environment. Neither Article 8 nor any of the other Articles of the Convention are
specifically designed to provide general protection of the environment as such; to that
effect, other international instruments and domestic legislation are more pertinent in
dealing with this particular aspect.326

According to this, environmental degradation does not automatically lead to a violation
of Article 8, even if the rights may have been affected a bit. This means that the Court
has interpreted the right to privacy quite narrowly and awarded the states with a wide
margin of appreciation. In the case of Fadeyeva v. Russia, the Court stressed that for there
to be a violation of Article 8 in an environmental context; there has to be a certain degree
of proof that the environmental harm indeed affects the rights protected by ECHR. The

2. No one may be the object of arbitrary or abusive interference with his private life, his family, his home,
or his correspondence, or of unlawful attacks on his honor or reputation.
3. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.”
324
ECHR, 1950, Article 8: “1. Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home
and his correspondence.
2. There shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this right except such as is in
accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests of national security,
public safety or the economic well-being of the country, for the prevention of disorder or crime, for the
protection of health or morals, or for the protection of the rights and freedoms of others.”
325
Kyrtatos v. Greece, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 41666/98, judgement of 22
May 2003, para 52.
326
Ibid., para 52.

63

Daniel Rönnberg

Court pointed out that Article 8 is not meant to protect the environment itself and stated
that “no right to nature preservation is as such included among the rights and freedoms
guaranteed by the Convention. Thus, in order to raise an issue under Article 8, the
interference must directly affect the applicant’s home, family or private life”.327 The
Court continued by stating that “the adverse effects of environmental pollution must attain
a certain minimum level if they are to fall within the scope of Article 8”328 and that
“complaints relating to environmental nuisances have to show […] that there was an
actual interference with the applicant’s private sphere [and] that a level of severity was
attained.”329 Hence, it is not possible to claim a violation of Article 8 in any matter when
there is a risk of environmental harm, but the harm also needs to affect human rights
protected by the ECHR.
In 2019 the ECtHR made its decision in the case of Cordella and Others v. Italy,
concerning Italy’s lack of reaction to air pollution by a steelwork impacting the
surrounding communities. The applicants claimed, inter alia, a violation of Article 8 of
the ECHR on the grounds that the Italian government had failed to take all appropriate
measures in order to protect their life and health and that due to the pollution, they were
more likely to receive several diseases.330 The steelwork had been operating since 1965
in Taranto, with some 200.000 inhabitants, and the environmental impact of the steelwork
had been known and discussed for a long time. In 2002, authorities had ordered the
closing one of the establishments, as the emissions from it had been related to the high
mortality rate of the population in the region.331 Already in 1990, they had been classified
as high environmental risk by the Italian authorities, and it had been concluded that there
was a higher mortality rate in the area surrounding the steelworks, as a consequence of
the pollution from it.332 Several later studies and reports had also confirmed the same
conclusion. The most recent report, concluded by the regional environmental protection
agency, noted a correlation between the pollution in the area and the frequency of
327

Fadeyeva v. Russia, European Court of Human Rights, Application No. 55723/00, judgement of 9
June 2005, para. 68.
328
Ibid., para. 69.
329
Ibid., para. 70.
330
Cordella and Others v. Italy, European Court of Human Rights, Applications Nos. 54414/13 and
54264/15, judgement of 24 January 2019, para. 141.
331
Ibid., paras. 8–11.
332
Ibid., paras 15–16.

64

Daniel Rönnberg

cardiovascular and respiratory diseases and called for the use of the best techniques
available to contain the industrial pollution emissions.333
As a response, several local and national authorities had implemented action plans in
order to depollute and rehabilitate the area surrounding the steelwork, but these were in
reality never implemented. In a 2017 decree from the President of the Council of
Ministers, the deadline to implement the necessary measures proposed in the
environmental plan was postponed to August 2023.334 Additionally, Italy had been
convicted by the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU),335 for failing to fulfil
its obligations under EU directive 2008/1/EC concerning integrated pollution prevention
and control.336
The ECtHR did recall its previous case law and concluded that severe damage to the
environment might constitute a violation of the rights protected under Article 8 of the
ECHR. The Court also noted that in there had to be a minimum degree of severity of the
breach in order to constitute a violation of the rights protected by the ECHR and that this
minimum level of severity depends on all the different circumstances of the case, such as
the intensity and duration of the pollution and well as the physical and psychological
effects caused by the pollution, especially in regard to the health and quality of life of the
affected person. Additionally, it is also essential to highlight the positive obligations of
the state and the scope of responsibilities they have towards protecting the rights of the
individual on the one hand, or the limitations contained in Article 8(2) on the other
hand.337
When the Court assessed these principles in consideration to the present case, they
stressed that it is not up to the Court to determine what measures states need to take in
order to reduce air pollution. However, the Court must determine if these measures have

333

Cordella and Others v. Italy, 2019, paras 29–31.
Ibid., para 69.
335
European Commission v Italian Republic, Court of Justice of the European Union, Case C-50/10,
judgement of 31 March 2011.
336
Directive 2008/1/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 January 2008 concerning
integrated pollution prevention and control.
337
Cordella and Others v. Italy, 2019, paras. 157–158.
334

65

Daniel Rönnberg

been carried out in diligence and with all interests into consideration. Hence, potential
infringements of individual rights must be justified by the state.338 In the present case, the
Court decided that Italy had indeed breached Article 8 of ECHR. It based this decision
on all the reports indicating that there is a causal link between the environmental pollution
caused by the steelwork and the negative impact on human health, leading to diseases
such as tumours, kidney diseases and cardiovascular diseases. Additionally, the Court
noted that despite attempts by authorities to depollute the area and regulate the emission
originating from the steelworks, the attempts failed, and the situation remained status
quo. This failure from the state is especially evident since the state had not opposed the
reports proving a causal link between the polluted environment and the impact on the
health and lives of the people living in the surrounding communities.339
In the case of Portillo Cáceres v. Paraguay, the HRC also found a violation of Article 17
of the ICCPR. In its reasoning, the HRC stressed that Article 17 is not to be understood
as being limited to refraining from arbitrary interference, but that states also must “adopt
positive measures that are needed to ensure the effective exercise of this right, in the light
of interference by the State authorities and physical or legal persons”.340 The HRC noted,
that the stated had failed to adopt necessary measures in the present case, by failing to
address the pollution and made large-scale pollution of waters and the applicants home
possible. Finally, the HRC noted, before coming to the conclusion that the state of
Paraguay had breached Article 17 of the ICCPR, that:
When pollution has direct repercussions on the right to one’s private and family life
and home, and the adverse consequences of that pollution are serious because of its
intensity or duration and the physical or mental harm that it does, then the degradation
of the environment may adversely affect the well-being of individuals and constitute
violations of private and family life and the home.341

338

Cordella and Others v. Italy, 2019, para. 161.
Ibid., para. 162–174.
340
Portillo Cáceres v. Paraguay, 2019, para. 7.8.
341
Ibid.
339

66

Daniel Rönnberg

4.4.4 Right to a Healthy Environment
Inspired by the principles of the Stockholm Declaration, two regional human rights
instruments have ensured the human right to a healthy environment. Both the African
human rights system and the Inter-American human rights system contains guarantees for
the protection of the right to a healthy environment, although the wording of these rights
differs a bit. Within the UN or European human rights system, there is no right
guaranteeing a healthy environment. However, this does not mean that there have been
no discussions on proclaiming one. Within the European human rights system, the idea
of creating an additional protocol to the ECHR concerning the right to a healthy
environment has received attention at several times. Already in 1999, the Parliamentary
Assembly of the Council of Europe referred to the changing living conditions and
importance of environmental issues as a justification for creating a right to a healthy
environment.342 In 2009, the Parliamentary Assembly recognised the developed case law
from the ECtHR in environmental matters and recommended that the Committee of
Ministers draw up an additional protocol recognising the right to a healthy
environment.343 However, the idea of creating an additional protocol to the ECHR has
met with resistance and objections that such a right would be unnecessary since the right
to a healthy environment is already indirectly protected by existing rights recognised in
the Convention.344
The Banjul Charter proclaims in its Article 24, in a quite vague formulation, that “[a]ll
peoples shall have the right to a general satisfactory environment favourable to their
development”.345 However, unlike other provisions related to socio-economic rights,
which binds the state to implement the rights progressively, the rights found in the Banjul
Charter is directly enforceable and conceived as direct entitlements to individuals and

342

Schabas, 2015, p. 23.
Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Drafting an additional protocol to the European
Convention on Human Rights concerning the right to a healthy environment, Recommendation 1885
(2009), paras. 6, 10.
344
Schabas, 2015, p. 24.
345
Banjul Charter, 1982, Article 24.
343

67

Daniel Rönnberg

groups.346 A more detailed formulation of the right to a healthy environment can be found
in Article 11 of the Protocol of San Salvador, which states that:
1. Everyone shall have the right to live in a healthy environment and to have access
to basic public services.
2. The States Parties shall promote the protection, preservation, and improvement of
the environment.347

However, under the Protocol of San Salvador, only two of the rights protected by the
Protocol, the right to organise trade unions and the right to education, are directly
enforceable by individual petitions.348 The rest of the rights are subject to “observations
and recommendations the [Inter-American Commission on Human Rights]

deems

pertinent concerning the status of the economic, social and cultural rights […], which it
may include in its Annual Report to the General Assembly or in a special report,
whichever it considers more appropriate.”349 Nevertheless, the mere mention of
environmental human rights in the Protocol of San Salvador reflects the growing interest
and importance of the problem, not only in the Inter-American human rights system but
globally.350
The Protocol of San Salvador concerns the protection of economic, social and cultural
rights. Hence, the rights enshrined in the Protocol are subject to the same provisions found
in the ICESCR, which puts the duty on states to implement the rights progressively.351
The exact wording found in the Protocol of San Salvador is that states need to take the
necessary measures “to the extent allowed by their available resources […] for the
purpose of achieving progressively and pursuant to their internal legislations, the full
observance of the rights recognised in this Protocol”.352 States may also “establish
restrictions and limitations on the enjoyment and exercise of the rights […] for the
purpose of preserving the general welfare in a democratic society”.353 Many states in

346

Leib, 2011, p. 100.
Protocol of San Salvador, 1988, Article 11.
348
Ibid., Article 19 (6).
349
Ibid., Article 19 (7).
350
Aery, 2016, p. 18.
351
Leib, 2011, p. 100.
352
Protocol of San Salvador, Article 1.
353
Ibid., Article 5.
347

68

Daniel Rönnberg

Latin America have justified not implementing the rights due to their lack of resources,
especially in consideration of environmental rights.354
In an Advisory Opinion from the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, which
concerned a request by Colombia concerning state obligation of state parties to the
American Convention in respect of infrastructural work creating a risk of environmental
damage to the marine environment, the Court elaborated on the environmental obligations
found in the American Convention. Initially being a quite complex request filed by
Colombia, the Court took the freedom to rephrase the question and answer it in a more
comprehensive manner regarding the obligations to respect human rights, and especially
the right to life and personal integrity.355 This Advisory Opinion is one of the first
opportunities that the Inter-American Court have had to elaborate on state obligations
arising from the need to protect environmental rights under the American Convention.356
Thus, the significance of the Advisory Opinion is considerable.
The Court noted that there is a widely recognised relationship between a healthy
environment and the enjoyment of human rights, and that environmental degradation
constitutes a threat to the fulfilment of human rights.357 The right to a healthy environment
has both an individual dimension and a collective dimension. The former is applicable in
all human rights systems on an international and regional level, while the latter is more
common in the Inter-American and African regional human rights systems. The right to
a healthy environment is especially important in cases concerning territorial rights of
indigenous and tribal peoples, whose right to collective ownership is linked to the
protection of resources found on their territories which are necessary for the survival of
their way of life. These peoples are also especially vulnerable groups, which requires
states to take positive measures to protect their rights.358 In addition, the preamble to the
Protocol of San Salvador emphasises the close relationship between economic, social and
cultural rights, to which the right to a healthy environment is included, and civil and

354

Leib, 2011, p. 100.
Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Advisory Opinion OC-23/17, 15 November 2017, para. 35
and 38.
356
Ibid., para. 46.
357
Ibid., para. 47.
358
Ibid., para. 48.
355

69

Daniel Rönnberg

political rights, which includes human rights such as the right to life and privacy. 359 The
Court noted that these two sets of rights constitute an indivisible whole based on human
dignity, and one set of rights cannot be violated in order to ensure others cannot be
justified. Hence, they both require permanent protection and promotion.360
While the right to a healthy environment is explicitly mentioned in Article 11 of the
Protocol of San Salvador, the Court noted that it could also be considered to be included
among the economic, social and cultural rights protected by Article 26 of the American
Convention under the progressive realisation principle.361 Hence, the Court is of the
opinion that the right to a healthy environment should not only be a component of other
substantive rights, such as the rights to life, health and privacy, but also a standalone right.
Article 26 of the American Convention reads:
The States Parties undertake to adopt measures, both internally and through
international cooperation, especially those of an economic and technical nature, with
a view to achieving progressively, by legislation or other appropriate means, the full
realisation of the rights implicit in the economic, social, educational, scientific, and
cultural standards set forth in the Charter of the Organization of American States[.]362

The relevant standards outlined in the Charter of the Organization of American States
(OAS Charter) can be found in Chapter VII of the OAS Charter, which requires OAS
member states to achieve integral development of their peoples. According to these, OAS
member states should “ensure international social justice in their relations and integral
development for their peoples [which] encompasses the economic, social, educational,
cultural, scientific, and technological fields through which the goals that each country
sets for accomplishing it should be achieved.”363 According to the OAS, integral
development should be seen as a set of policies to foster sustainable development in both
developing and underdeveloped countries.364 As sustainable development also includes

359

Protocol of San Salvador, preamble.
Advisory Opinion OC-23/17, 2017, para. 47.
361
Ibid., para. 57.
362
ACHR, 1969, Article 26. Emphasis added.
363
Charter of the Organization of American States, concluded 30 April 1948, entered into force 13
December 1951, 119 UNTS 3, Article 30.
364
Organization of American States, “Integral development”, available on
http://www.oas.org/en/topics/integral_development.asp, accessed 1 June 2020.
360

70

Daniel Rönnberg

an environmental dimension, the right to a healthy environment can also be included as a
part of integral development.
The Court also noted that both the ECtHR, as well as the African counterpart, has
concluded that environmental degradation may violate human rights, both civil and
political rights and economic, social and cultural rights alike,365 and concluded that a
violation of the right to a healthy environment might also affect other human rights, such
as the right to life, privacy, health, food, property to name a few.366
With the Advisory Opinion in mind, it is interesting to examine the case of Indigenous
Communities Members of the Lhaka Honhat (Our Land) Association v. Argentina (Lhaka
Honhat v. Argentina). In February 2020, the Inter-American Court found, for the first
time, a violation of Article 26 of the American Convention in relation to environmental
matters.367 The case builds upon the Advisory Opinion discussed above, and concerned a
wide range of rights, such as the right to community property, the right to cultural identity,
a healthy environment, and adequate access to food and water, and the rights to cultural
protection and due process.368 For the sake of this analysis, the right to a healthy
environment implicitly protected under Article 26 of the American Convention is of
interest.
The case was submitted to the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights already in
1998 and declared admissible in 2006. After the state of Argentina had failed to comply
with the recommendations contained in a 2012 merits report, the case was referred to the
Court in 2018.369 The case concerns 132 indigenous communities in Argentina that are
part of the Lhaka Honhat (Our Land) Association (“the Association”). The Association
owns around 643,000 hectares of land in the border region between Argentina, Paraguay
and Bolivia. While non-indigenous people started to move into the area in the 1900s, the
365

Advisory Opinion OC- 23/17, 2017, para. 50.
Ibid., para. 66.
367
Lhaka Honhat v. Argentina, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Series C No. 400, judgement of 6
February 2020, para. 201.
368
Ibid., para. 91.
369
Organization of American States, “IACHR Brings Argentina Case before the IA Court”, press release,
23 February 2018, available on https://www.oas.org/en/iachr/media_center/PReleases/2018/035.asp,
accessed 3 July 2020.
366

71

Daniel Rönnberg

way of life of indigenous peoples, which have been living there for at least 1692, was
threatened. With the introduction of non-indigenous peoples to the area and the changes
that it entailed, such as illegal logging, developing ranches and setting up barbed-wire
fencing, several of the indigenous peoples’ rights were compromised, including their right
to land, food and water.370 Additionally, Argentina also built an international bridge
without the consultation of the indigenous peoples.371
The Court affirmed that the American Convention is a living instrument and the
interpretation of the Convention rights should be accompanied by present-day conditions.
Hence, an autonomous right to a healthy environment can be derived from the reading of
Article 26 of the American Convention.372 That Court has the competence to determine
violations of Article 26, meaning that the protection of economic, social, cultural and
environmental rights falls within the jurisdiction of the Court.373 When elaborating on the
states’ obligations to respect an autonomous right to a healthy environment, the Court
then reaffirmed the provisions of the Advisory Opinion that a healthy environment is of
universal interest and a fundamental component for the existence of humanity. Therefore,
a healthy environment should be protected even in the absence of certainty or evidence
about risks to individuals posed by environmental harm, which does not, of course,
prevent human rights from being violated as a consequence of environmental damage.374
The Court also noted that the right to a healthy environment could be found in the
Constitution of Argentina, which in its Article 41 reads:
All inhabitants are entitled to the right to a healthy and balanced environment fit for
human development in order that productive activities shall meet present needs
without endangering those of future generations; and shall have the duty to preserve
it. […] The authorities shall provide for the protection of this right, the rational use of
natural resources, the preservation of the natural and cultural heritage and of the
biological diversity, and shall also provide for environmental information and
education.375

370

Lhaka Honhat v. Argentina, 2020, paras. 28, 47 & 49.
Ibid., para. 23.
372
Ibid., paras. 196–197.
373
Ibid., para. 195.
374
Ibid., para. 203.
375
Constitution of Argentina, Article 41.
371

72

Daniel Rönnberg

According to the judgement, the Court highlighted the precautionary principle and
stressed that the state has an obligation to prevent environmental damage and that this is
part of customary international law. If environmental damage has already occurred, the
state must restore the environment to its previous conditions. Finally, the Court also
pointed out that environmental damage may often affect already vulnerable groups more
severely, as with indigenous peoples in the present case, and that the state has a special
obligation to protect those especially vulnerable in line with the principle of equality and
non-discrimination.376
Finally, the Court noted that the state of Argentina had been aware of the activities and,
although the state had reacted and adopted measures to prevent the activities, these could
not be seen as effective. The fact that it had gone more than 28 years after the indigenous
communities filed claims regarding their territories shows that the actions were not
enough. With this in consideration, the Court ruled that Argentina had violated Article 26
of the American Convention, inter alia by violating the indigenous communities right to
a healthy environment.377
In the African regional human rights system, the protection of the environment is an
essential part of the continent’s social, cultural and economic identity.378 In the SERAC
case, the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights confirmed this, by stating
that “collective rights, environmental rights, and economic and social rights are essential
elements of human rights in Africa.”379 The SERAC v. Nigeria case was the first time the
Commission expanded on the meaning, interpretation and scope of the right to a
satisfactory environment provided in the Banjul Charter.380 The Commission stated that:
The right to a general satisfactory environment, as guaranteed under Article 24 of the
African Charter or the right to a healthy environment, as it is widely known, therefore
imposes clear obligations upon a government. It requires the State to take reasonable
and other measures to prevent pollution and ecological degradation, to promote
conservation, and to secure an ecologically sustainable development and use of
natural resources.381

376

Lhaka Honhat v. Argentina, 2020, paras. 208–209.
Ibid., 2020, paras. 287–289.
378
Chenwi, 2018, p. 59.
379
SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 68.
380
Ebeku, 2003, p. 161.
381
SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 52.
377

73

Daniel Rönnberg

The Commission continued by stating that government compliance must ordering or, at
a minimum, permitting scientific monitoring of threatened environments, carrying out
environmental impact assessments prior any development, monitoring and providing
information to affected communities and provide the opportunities for these communities
to participate in decision-making.382 This obligation, to exercise due diligence, has been
identified by the Special Rapporteur on the issue of human rights obligations relating to
the enjoyment of a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment as one of the
obligations that states should carry out in order to fulfil their human rights duties and can
be found in Principle 8 of the Framework Principles on Human Rights and the
Environment, which states that:
To avoid undertaking or authorising actions with environmental impacts that interfere
with the full enjoyment of human rights, States should require the prior assessment of
the possible environmental impacts of proposed projects and policies, including their
potential effects on the enjoyment of human rights.383

The African Commission has in its Principles and Guidelines further developed on the
scope of a right to a healthy and sustainable environment:
States parties should ensure the prior informed consent by indigenous
populations/communities to any exploitation of the resources of their traditional lands
and that they benefit accordingly. States parties should further ensure that indigenous
communities/populations give prior consent to any activities aimed at accessing and
using their traditional knowledge. States parties should ensure that both state and nonstate actors respect the rights of peoples to a satisfactory environment.384

In the case of SERAC v. Nigeria, the contestants claimed that the Nigerian government
had failed to fulfil its obligations under Article 16 and 24 respectively, due to their failure
to fulfil the minimum duties required by rights. The state had allegedly done so by directly
participating in the contamination of the air, water and soil and therefore harming the
health of the Ogoni peoples.385 Hence, the right to a healthy environment is to be read in
conjunction with the right to health. Leib notes that within the African human rights
382

SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 53.
UN Human Rights Council, Framework Principles on Human Rights and the Environment, annexed to
Report of the Special Rapporteur on the issue of human rights obligations relating to the enjoyment of a
safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment, 24 January 2018, UN Doc. A/HRC/37/59, Principle 8.
384
African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights, 2011, para. 42.
385
SERAC v. Nigeria, 2002, para. 50.
383

74

Daniel Rönnberg

system, many claims are presented on the basis of environmental disruption that infringes
the right to health, rather than the right to a healthy environment as a standalone right,
just as in the present case. This has led to the impression that it might be hard to claim a
violation of the right to a healthy environment by itself, without linking it to any other
human rights protected by the Banjul Charter. This may also be the reason why the
benefits of a standalone human right to a healthy environment are so heavily contested.386

386

Leib, 2011, p. 80.

75

Daniel Rönnberg

5 Conclusion
The possibility to breathe clean air is essential for human health and life. However, as
this thesis has shown, that current international regulation of the protection of the
atmosphere is fragmented both in geographical scope and in terms of substances
regulated, and hence lacks a holistic approach to the problem. As there is no equivalent
to the UN law of the sea in terms of atmospheric regulation, the current system has been
created on an ad hoc basis with various forms of obligations imposed on states,
enforcement mechanisms. To date, the most comprehensive regulation of air pollution
can be found in the CLRTAP, which member states are mostly found in Europe or certain
parts of North America or Asia. However, as pollution is a global problem that easily
crosses borders, the geographical limitations of the CLRTAP are worrying. Attempts of
creating a global treaty regulating air pollutions are unlikely to take place due to the
economic implications this could have, especially on countries that currently do not have
in place proper environmental regulations and who are heavily dependent on industries
and businesses established in the country. To rely solely on national legislation is not an
option either, as most states do not comply with the WHO Guidelines on exposure to air
pollution. This means that in most countries around the world, it is unhealthy or even
dangerous to breathe.
While not being the only source of air pollution, businesses and industries certainly do
contribute to the problem. Even though there are plenty of CSR initiatives and voluntary
commitments to take responsibility for the consequences that their business activities
have on the environment and human rights, none of these initiatives has any binding legal
obligations. Hence, it is up to states to regulate businesses which, again, is problematic if
there are not any effective regulatory legislation in place. However, states might be held
accountable for violations of human rights as a consequence of business activities, if they
fail to take appropriate measures. This is why human rights law is an appropriate tool to
address environmental degradation, as individuals and other non-state actors, such as
NGOs, can file claims in international human rights courts as opposed to claims regarding
international environmental law, which are not open for individual claims.

76

Daniel Rönnberg

It has become clear by this point that the existing human rights framework is indeed fit
to accommodate environmental considerations, as illustrated by the growing body of case
law from international courts. By analysing the case law, it is evident that, beyond the
negative obligation to refrain from actively causing human rights violations, states do
also have a positive obligation to take active measures to protect the rights from being
violated. Related to human rights and clean air, three such positive obligations can be
identified; the obligation to adopt and implement a legal framework, the obligation to
protect individuals against environmental harm from private actors, and the obligation to
prevent transboundary pollution. Taken together with the fact that more than 100 states
have incorporated the right to a healthy environment either into their constitutions or
national environmental legislation,387 the question of what would be the benefit of a
globally recognised right to a healthy environment might rise. Since human rights have
proved to be a useful tool in order to address environmental degradation and all human
rights bodies have considered the link between the environment and human rights, it
might seem redundant and unnecessary to recognise such a right explicitly. Additionally,
such a right would most likely face opposition from the same kind of countries that would
oppose to better regulation of the atmosphere.
And maybe that is precisely where the problem lies. An explicit right to a healthy
environment, or clean air in the form of a resolution compared to the right to clean water
and sanitation, would pave the way for yet another layer of accountability. It would fill
in the gaps in the current regulation and clear all the uncertainties what entails as a
“healthy environment” or “clean air”. This should be based on scientific standards and
definitions of what constitutes “pollution” in order to be legitimate. 388 An explicitly
globally recognised human right to a healthy would also be an excellent complement to
existing environmental regulation of the atmosphere, which is too fragmented to function
properly at its current state.
It remains to be seen how this issue will evolve in the future. Considering the health
impact air pollution and other types of environmental degradation have on human health,
387

Issue of human rights obligations relating to the enjoyment of a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable
environment - Report of the Special Rapporteur, 8 January 2019, UN Doc. A/HRC/40/55, paras. 13–16.
388
Shelton, 2018, p. 97.

77

Daniel Rönnberg

it would most certainly be a welcome addition to include a provision on the right to a
healthy environment, being it a binding protocol to existing human rights instruments,
through a resolution from the UN General Assembly or any other way. It seems like there
is a growing understanding of the problem, yet economic factors or questions of
sovereignty continues to make any progress stagnate.

78

Daniel Rönnberg

Bibliography
MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES
Aery, Varun, “The Human Right to Clean Air: A Case Study of the Inter-American
System”, in Seattle Journal of Environmental Law, Volume 6, Number 1, pp. 15–40,
2016.
Alvarez, Jose, “Are Corporations "Subjects" of International Law?”, in Santa Clara
Journal of International Law, Volume 9, Issue 1, pp. 3–35, 2011.
Anton, Donald & Shelton, Dinah, Environmental Protection and Human Rights,
Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2011.
Boyle, Alan, “Human Rights and the Environment: Where Next?”, in The European
Journal of International Law, Volume 23, Number 3, pp. 613–642, 2012.
Byrne, Adam, “Trouble in the air: Recent developments under the 1979 Convention on
Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution”, in Review of European, Comparative &
International Environmental Law, Volume 26, Issue 3, pp. 210–219, 2017.
Chenwi, Lilian, The Right to a Satisfactory, Healthy and Sustainable Environment in
the African Regional Human Rights System, in Knox, John & Pejan, Ramin (eds), The
Human Right to a Healthy Environment, New York: Cambridge University Press, pp.
59–85, 2018.
Clémençon, Raymond, “The Two Sides of the Paris Climate Agreement: Dismal Failure
or Historic Breakthrough?”, in Journal of Environment and Development, Volume 25,
Issue 1, pp. 3–24, 2016.
Croshaw, Heather, “The “Right to Health” and “Right to Life”: Positive Obligations for
Controlling Air Pollution in Hong Kong in Clean Air Foundation v. HKSAR”, in
Vermont Journal of Environmental Law, Volume 15, pp. 450–489, 2014.
Dupuy, Pierre-Marie & Viñuales, Jorge, International Environmental Law, second
edition, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2018.
Durand, Alexandre, “Common Responsibility: The Failure of Tokyo”, in Harvard
International Review, Volume 34, Issue 1, pp. 8–9, 2012.
Ebeku, Kaniye, “The right to a satisfactory environment and the African Commission”,
in African Human Rights Law Journal, Volume 3, pp. 149–166, 2003.
El-Haggar, Salah, Sustainable Industrial Design and Waste Management, Burlington:
Elsevier Academic Press, 2007.

I

Daniel Rönnberg

Emesh, Engobo, Human rights dimensions of contemporary environmental protection,
in Odello, Marcus & Cavandoli, Sofia (eds), Emerging Areas of Human Rights in the
21st Century: The role of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, London:
Routledge, pp. 66–86, 2011.
van den Herik, Larissa & Letnar Černič, Jernej, “Regulating Corporations under
International Law: From Human Rights to International Criminal Law and Back Again”,
in Journal of International Criminal and Justice, Volume 8, pp. 725–743, 2010.
Ite, Uwem, “Multinationals and Corporate Social Responsibility in Developing
Countries: A Case Study of Nigeria”, in Corporate Social Responsibility and
Environmental Management, Volume 11, Issue 1, pp. 1–11, 2004.
de Jonge, Alice, “Transnational corporation and international law: bringing TNCs out of
the accountability vaccuum” in Critical Perspectives on International Business, Volume
7, Number 1, pp. 66–83, 2011.
Joseph, Sarah, “Expanding the Right to Life Under the International Covenant on Civil
and Political Rights: General Comment 36” in Human Rights Law Review, Volume 19,
pp. 347–368, 2019.
Kampa, Marilena & Castanas, Elias, “Human health effects of air pollution”, in
Environmental Pollution, Volume 151, Issue 2, pp. 362–367, 2008.
Kutlar Joss, Meltem, Eeftens, Marloes, Gintowt, Emily, Kappeler, Ron, & Künzli,
Nino, “Time to Harmonize National Ambient Air Quality Standards”, in International
Journal of Public Health, Volume 62, pp. 453–462, 2017.
Knox, John & Pejan, Ramin, Introduction, in Knox, John & Pejan, Ramin (eds), The
Human Right to a Healthy Environment, New York: Cambridge University Press, pp.
1–16, 2018.
Leib, Linda Hajjar, Human Rights and the Environment: Philosophical, Theoretical and
Legal Perspectives, Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2011.
Letnar Černič, Jernej, “Corporate Responsibility for Human Rights: A Critical Analysis
of the OECD Guidelines for Multinational enterprises”, in Hanse Law Review, Volume
3, Issue 1, pp. 71–101, 2008.
Lewis, Bridget, Environmental Human Rights and Climate Change: Current Status and
Future Prospects, Singapore: Springer, 2018.
Lode, Birgit, Schönberger, Philipp & Toussaint, Patrick, “Clean Air for All by 2030?
Air Quality in the 2030 Agenda and in International Law”, in Review of European,
Comparative & International Environmental Law, Volume 25, Issue 1, pp. 27–38,
2016.

II

Daniel Rönnberg

Mayer, Benoit, “A Review of the International Law Commission’s Guidelines on the
Protection of the Atmosphere”, in Melbourne Journal of International Law, Volume 20,
Number 2, pp. 1–36, 2019.
Morgera, Elisa, “An Environmental Outlook on the OECD Guidelines for Multinational
Enterprises: Comparative Advantage, Legitimacy, and Outstanding Questions in the
Lead Up to the 2006 Review” in Georgetown International Environmental Law Review,
Volume 18, Number 4, pp. 751–778, 2006.
Muralikrishna, Iyyanki & Manickam, Valli, Environmental Management: Science and
Engineering for Industry, Cambridge: Elsevier, 2017.
Rafaj, Peter, Kiesewetter, Gregor, Gül, Timur, Schöpp, Wolfgang, Cofala, Janusz,
Klimont, Zbigniew, Purohit, Pallav, Heyes, Chris, Amann, Markus, Borken-Kleefeld,
Jens & Cozzi, Laura, “Outlook for clean air in the context of sustainable development
goals”, in Global Environmental Change, Volume 53, pp. 1–11, 2018.
Pavoni, Riccardo, Environmental Jurisprudence of the European and Inter-American
Courts of Human Rights: Comparative Insights, in in Boer, Ben (ed), Environmental
Law Dimensions of Human Rights, Oxford: Oxford University Press, pp. 69–106, 2015.
Pedersen, Ole, The European Court of Human Rights and International Environmental
Law, in Knox, John & Pejan, Ramin (eds), The Human Right to a Healthy Environment,
New York: Cambridge University Press, pp. 86–96, 2018.
Sand, Peter, “The discourse on ‘protection of the atmosphere’ in the International Law
Commission”, in Review of European, Comparative & International Environmental
Law, Volume 26, Issue 3, pp. 201–209, 2017.
Sands, Philippe, Peel, Jacqueline, Fabra, Adriana & MacKenzie, Ruth, Principles of
International Environmental Law, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 2018.
Schabas, William, The European Convention on Human Rights: A Commentary,
Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2015.
von Schneidemesser, Erika, Monks, Paul, Allan, James, Bruhwiler, Lori, Forster, Piers,
Fowler, David, Lauer, Axel, Morgan, William, Paasonen, Pauli, Righi, Mattia,
Sindelarova, Katerina & Sutton, Mark, “Chemistry and the Linkages between Air
Quality and Climate Change”, in Chemical Reviews, Volume 115, Issue 10, pp. 3856–
3897, 2015.
Shelton, Dina, Complexities and Uncertainties in Matters of Human Rights and the
Environment: Identifying the Judicial Role, in Knox, John & Pejan, Ramin (eds), The
Human Right to a Healthy Environment, New York: Cambridge University Press, pp.
97–121, 2018.
Yamineva, Yulia & Romppanen, Seita, “Is law failing to address air pollution?
Reflections on international and EU developments”, in Review of European,

III

Daniel Rönnberg

Comparative & International Environmental Law, Volume 26, Issue 3, pp. 189–200,
2017.
TREATIES AND STATUTES
2015

Paris Agreement to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, concluded 12 December 2015, entered into force 4 November
2016, T.I.A.S. Number 16-1104.

2008

Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and
Cultural Rights, concluded 10 December 2008, entered into force 5 May
2013, UN doc. A/RES/63/117.

1998

Convention on Access to Information, Public Participation in Decisionmaking and Access to Justice in Environmental Matters, concluded 25
June 1998, entered into force 30 October 2001, 2161 UNTS 447.

1998

Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air
Pollution on Heavy Metals, concluded 24 June 1998, entered into force 29
December 2003, 2237 UNTS 4.

1998

Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air
Pollution on Persistent Organic Pollutants, concluded 24 June 1998,
entered into force 23 October 2003, 2230 UNTS 79.

1997

Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, concluded 11 December 1997, entered into force 16 February
2005, 2303 UNTS 162.

1996

European Social Charter (revised), concluded 3 May 1996, entered into
force 1 July 1999, ETS No.163.

1992

United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, concluded 7
May 1992, entered into force 21 March 1994, 1771 UNTS 107.

1988

Additional Protocol to the American Convention on Human Rights in the
Area of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, concluded 17 November
1988, entered into force 16 November 1999, OAS Treaty Series No. 69.

1988

Protocol to the 1979 Convention on long-range transboundary air
pollution concerning the control of emissions of nitrogen oxides or their
transboundary fluxes, concluded 31 October 1988, entered into force 14
February 1991, 1593 UNTS 287.

1985

Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air
Pollution on the Reduction of Sulphur Emissions or their Transboundary

IV

Daniel Rönnberg

Fluxes by at least 30 per cent, concluded 8 July 1985, entered into force 2
September 1987, 1480 UNTS 215.
1981

African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights, concluded 1 June 1981,
entered into force 21 October 1986, OAU Number 26363.

1979

Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution, concluded 13
November 1979, entered into force 16 March 1983, 1302 UNTS 217.

1969

American Convention on Human Rights, concluded 22 November 1969,
entered into force 18 July 1978, OAS Treaty Series No. 36.

1966

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, concluded 16
December 1966, entered into force 23 March 1976, 999 UNTS 171.

1966

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,
concluded 16 December 1966, entered into force 3 January 1976, 993
UNTS 3.

1950

European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms, concluded 4 November 1950, entered into force 3
September 1953, ETS No.005.

1948

Charter of the Organization of American States, concluded 30 April 1948,
entered into force 13 December 1951, 119 UNTS 3.

1947

Statute of the ILC, adopted by the General Assembly in resolution 174 (II)
of 21 November 1947, as amended by resolutions 485 (V) of 12 December
1950, 984 (X) of 3 December 1955, 985 (X) of 3 December 1955 and
36/39 of 18 November 1981.

1945

Statute of the International Court of Justice, concluded 26 June 1945,
entry into force 24 October 1945, 33 UNTS 993.

DECLARATIONS, RESOLUTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
2018

UNGA Resolution 73/254, Towards global partnerships: a principle-based
approach to enhanced cooperation between the United Nations and all
relevant partners, 20 December 2018, UN Doc. A/RES/73/254.

2015

UNGA Resolution 70/1, Transforming our world: the 2030 Agenda for
Sustainable Development, 21 October 2015, UN Doc. A/RES/70/1.

2015

UN Human Rights Council Resolution 28/11, Human rights and the
environment, 26 March 2015, UN Doc. A/HRC/RES/28/11.

V

Daniel Rönnberg

2014

UN Human Rights Council Resolution 26/9, Elaboration of an
international legally binding instrument on transnational corporations and
other business enterprises with respect to human rights, 14 July 2014, UN
Doc. A/HRC/RES/26/9.

2014

UNEA Resolution 1/7, Strengthening the Role of the United Nations
Environment Programme in Promoting Air Quality, 2 September 2014,
UN Doc. UNEP/EA.1/10/.

2012

UN Human Rights Council Resolution 19/10, Human rights and the
environment, 22 March 2012, UN Doc. A/HRC/RES/19/10.

2011

UN Human Rights Council Resolution 17/4, Human rights and
transnational corporations and other business enterprises, 6 July 2011, UN
Doc. A/HRC/RES/17/4.

2010

UNGA Resolution 64/292, The human right to water and sanitation, 28
July 2010, UN Doc. A/RES/66/292.

2009

Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Drafting an additional
protocol to the European Convention on Human Rights concerning the
right to a healthy environment, Recommendation 1885 (2009).

2008

UN Human Rights Council Resolution 8/7, Mandate of the Special
Representative of the Secretary- General on the issue of human rights and
transnational corporations and other business enterprises, 18 June 2008,
UN Doc. A/HRC/RES/8/7.

2005

UN Commission on Human Rights Resolution 2005/69, Human rights and
transnational corporations and other business enterprises, 20 April 2005,
UN Doc. E/CN.4/RES/2005/69.

1992

Rio Declaration, annexed to Report of the United Nations Conference on
the Environment and Development, 3–14 June 1992, UN Doc.
A/CONF.151/26 (Volume I).

1972

Declaration of the United Nations Conference on the Human
Environment, Report of the UN Conference on the Human Environment,
Stockholm, 5–16 June 1972, UN Doc. A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1.

1968

UNGA Resolution 2398(XXIII), Problems of the human environment, 3
December 1968, UN Doc. A/RES/2398(XXIII).

1948

Charter of the Organization of American States, concluded 30 April 1948,
entered into force 13 December 1951, 119 UNTS 3.

1948

Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 1948, 217 A (III).

VI

Daniel Rönnberg

1948

American Declaration of the Rights and Duties of Man, O.A.S. Res. XXX,
1948.

LEGISLATION OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
2016

Directive (EU) 2016/2284 of the European Parliament and of the Council
of 14 December 2016 on the reduction of national emissions of certain
atmospheric pollutants, amending Directive 2003/35/EC and repealing
Directive 2001/81/EC.

2008

Directive 2008/50/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of
21 May 2008 on ambient air quality and cleaner air for Europe.

2008

Directive 2008/1/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15
January 2008 concerning integrated pollution prevention and control.

NATIONAL LEGISLATION
Constitution of Argentina.
INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW
2020

Lhaka Honhat v. Argentina, Inter-American Court of Human Rights,
Series C No. 400, judgement of 6 February 2020.

2019

Portillo Cáceres v. Paraguay, Communication No. 2751/2016, Views of 9
August 2019, UN Doc. CCPR/C/126/D/2751/2016.

2019

Cordella and Others v. Italy, European Court of Human Rights,
Applications Nos. 54414/13 and 54264/15, judgement of 24 January 2019.

2011

European Commission v Italian Republic, Court of Justice of the
European Union, Case C-50/10, judgement of 31 March 2011.

2006

Marangopoulos Foundation for Human Rights (MFHR) v. Greece,
European Committee of Social Rights, Complaint No. 30/2005 decision as
of 6 December 2006.

2005

Fadeyeva v. Russia, European Court of Human Rights, Application No.
55723/00, judgement of 9 June 2005.

2004

Öneryildiz v. Turkey, European Court of Human Rights, Application No.
48939/99, judgement of 30 November 2004.

VII

Daniel Rönnberg

2003

Hatton and Others v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights,
Application No. 36022/97, judgement of 8 July 2003.

2003

Kyrtatos v. Greece, European Court of Human Rights, Application no.
41666/98, judgement of 22 May 2003.

2002

The Social and Economic Rights Action Center and the Center for
Economic and Social Rights v. Nigeria, African Commission on Human
and People’s Rights, OAU Doc. ACHPR/COMM/A044/1 of 27 May
2002.

1999

Saldaño v. Argentina, Inter-American Commission on Human Rights,
Report No. 38/99 as of 11 March 1999.

1991

Fredin v. Sweden, European Court of Human Rights, Application No.
12033/86, judgement of 18 February 1991.

1978

Tyrer v. United Kingdom, European Court of Human Rights, Application
No. 5856/72, judgement of 25 April 1978.

1941

Arbitral Trib., 3 U.N. Rep. Int’l Arb. Awards 1905 (1941).

NATIONAL CASE LAW
2007

Clean Air Foundation Ltd and Another V. The Government of The
HKSAR [2007] HKCFI 757; HCAL 35/2007 (26 July 2007).

OTHER DOCUMENTS
African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights General Comment No. 3 on the
African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights: The Right To Life (Article 4), 2015,
available on https://www.achpr.org/legalinstruments/detail?id=10.
African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights, Principles and Guidelines on the
Implementation of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights in the African Charter on
Human and Peoples’ Rights, 2011, available on
https://www.achpr.org/legalinstruments/detail?id=30.
CESCR General Comment No. 3: The Nature of States Parties’ Obligations (Art. 2,
Para. 1, of the Covenant), 14 December 1990, UN Doc. E/1991/23.
CESCR General Comment No. 14: The Right to the Highest Attainable Standard of
Health (Art. 12), 11 August 2000, UN Doc. E/C.12/2000/4.
Council of Europe, Manual on Human Rights and the Environment, Strasbourg:
Council of Europe Publishing, 2012.

VIII

Daniel Rönnberg

European Commission, Communication from the Commission to the European
Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and Social Committee and the
Committee of the Regions, “A renewed EU strategy 2011-14 for Corporate Social
Responsibility”, COM(2011) 681 final.
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights: Implementing the United Nations
“Protect, Respect and Remedy” Framework, annexed to Report of the Special
Representative of the Secretary-General on the Issue of Human Rights and
Transnational Corporations and Other Business Enterprises, John Ruggie, 21 March
2011, UN Doc. A/HRC/17/31.
HRC General Comment No. 6: Article 6 (Right to Life), 30 April 1982, UN Doc. U.N.
Doc. HRI/GEN/1/Rev.1 at 6.
HRC General Comment No. 31 [80]: The Nature of the General Legal Obligation
Imposed on States Parties to the Covenant, 26 May 2004, UN Doc.
CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add.13.
HRC General Comment No. 36: Article 6: Right to life, 3 September 2019, UN Doc.
CCPR/C/GC/36.
Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Advisory Opinion OC-23/17, 15 November
2017.
International Commission of Jurists (ICJ), “Maastricht Guidelines on Violations of
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights”, 26 January 1997.
ILA, 1982 Montreal Draft Rules on Transboundary Pollution. Found in ILA, Report of
the Sixtieth Conference, 29 August–4 September 1982.
ILC, Draft Articles on Responsibility of States for Internationally Wrongful Acts,
November 2001, Supplement No. 10 (A/56/10).
ILC, Draft Guidelines on the protection of the atmosphere, found in Report on the work
of the seventieth session, Chapter VI, Protection of the atmosphere, 30 April–1 June and
2 July–10 August 2018, UN Doc. A/73/10, Guideline 3.
ILC, First report on the protection of the atmosphere by Mr. Shinya Murase, Special
Rapporteur, 14 February 2014, UN Doc. A/CN.4/667.
ILC, Report on the work of the sixty-fifth session, 6 May–7 June and 8 July–9 August
2013, UN Doc. A/68/10.
Issue of human rights obligations relating to the enjoyment of a safe, clean, healthy and
sustainable environment - Report of the Special Rapporteur, 8 January 2019, UN Doc.
A/HRC/40/55.

IX

Daniel Rönnberg

OECD, OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct, 2018,
available on http://mneguidelines.oecd.org/OECD-Due-Diligence-Guidance-forResponsible-Business-Conduct.pdf.
OECD, OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, 2011 available on
http://www.oecd.org/daf/inv/mne/48004323.pdf.
OECD, Roundtable on Corporate Responsibility: Encouraging the positive contribution
of business to environment through the OECD Guidelines for Multinational
Enterprises, 2004, available on http://www.oecd.org/investment/mne/33805553.pdf.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, Norms on the
responsibilities of transnational corporations and other business enterprises with regard
to human rights, 25 August 2003, UN Doc. E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/12.
UN Commission on Human Rights, Interim report of the Special Representative of the
Secretary-General on the issue of human rights and transnational corporations and other
business enterprises, 22 February 2006, UN Doc. E/CN.4/2006/97.
UN Commission on Human Rights, Responsibilities of transnational corporations and
related business enterprises with regard to human rights, 22 April 2004, UN Doc.
E/CN.4/DEC/2004/116.
UNECE, “The Aarhus Convention: An Implementation Guide”, 2000.
UN Human Rights Council, Analytical study on the relationship between human rights
and the environment - Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human
Rights, 16 December 2011, UN Doc. A/HRC/19/34.
UN Human Rights Council, Business and Human Rights: Mapping International
Standards of Responsibility and Accountability for Corporate Acts - Report of the
Special Representative of the Secretary-General (SRSG) on the issue of human rights
and transnational corporations and other business enterprises, 9 February 2007, UN
Doc. A/HRC/4/035.
UN Human Rights Council, Framework Principles on Human Rights and the
Environment, annexed to Report of the Special Rapporteur on the issue of human rights
obligations relating to the enjoyment of a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable
environment, 24 January 2018, UN Doc. A/HRC/37/59.
UN Human Rights Council, Issue of human rights obligations relating to the enjoyment
of a safe, clean, healthy and sustainable environment - Report of the Special
Rapporteur, 8 January 2019, UN Doc. A/HRC/40/55.
UN Human Rights Council, Protect, Respect and Remedy: a Framework for Business
and Human Rights, 7 April 2008, UN Doc. A/HRC/8/5.

X

Daniel Rönnberg

OEIGWG, Legally Binding Instrument to Regulate, In International Human Rights
Law, the Activities of Transnational Corporations and Other Business Enterprises,
revised draft of 16 July 2019.
INTERNET SOURCES
EJIL:Talk!, “Human Rights and the Environment: The UN Human Rights Committee
Affirms the Duty to Protect”, 2019, available on https://www.ejiltalk.org/human-rightsand-the-environment-the-un-human-rights-committee-affirms-the-duty-to-protect/,
accessed 10 March 2020.
European Economic and Social Committee, “The EESC supports a binding UN treaty to
impose sanctions on companies that violate human rights”, available on
https://www.eesc.europa.eu/en/news-media/news/eesc-supports-binding-un-treatyimpose-sanctions-companies-violate-human-rights-0, accessed 2 July 2020.
UNECE, ”The Convention and its achievements”, available on
https://www.unece.org/environmental-policy/conventions/envlrtapwelcome/the-airconvention-and-its-protocols/the-convention-and-its-achievements.html, accessed 23
June 2020.
UN Global Compact, “The Communication on Progress (CoP) in Brief”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/participation/report/cop, accessed 28 October 2019.
UN Global Compact, ”Frequently Asked Questions”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/about/faq, accessed 28 October 2019.
UN Global Compact, “Our Participants”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/participants/, accessed 28 October 2019.
UN Global Compact, “Principle Eight: Environment”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-8, accessed 2
July 2020.
UN Global Compact, “Principle Nine: Environment”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-9, accessed 2
July 2020.
UN Global Compact, “Principle One: Human Rights”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-1, accessed
28 October 2019.
UN Global Compact, “Principle Seven: Environment”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-7, accessed 2
July 2020.

XI

Daniel Rönnberg

UN Global Compact, “Principle Two: Human Rights”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles/principle-2, accessed
28 October 2019.
UN Global Compact, ”The Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact”, available on
https://www.unglobalcompact.org/what-is-gc/mission/principles, accessed 28 October
2019.
OECD, “OECD Declaration and Decisions on International Investment and
Multinational Enterprises”, available on https://www.oecd.org/investment/investmentpolicy/oecddeclarationanddecisions.htm, accessed 21 May 2020.
OECD Watch, “National Contact Points (NPCs)”, available on
https://www.oecdwatch.org/oecd-ncps/national-contact-points-ncps/, accessed 29
October 2019.
Organization of American States, “IACHR Brings Argentina Case before the IA Court”,
press release 23 February 2018, available on
https://www.oas.org/en/iachr/media_center/PReleases/2018/035.asp, accessed 3 July
2020.
Organization of American States, “Integral development”, available on
http://www.oas.org/en/topics/integral_development.asp, accessed 1 June 2020.
WHO, “Ambient (outdoor) air pollution: Key facts”, available on
https://www.who.int/en/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/ambient-(outdoor)-air-qualityand-health, accessed 29 June 2020.
WHO, “Household air pollution and health: Key facts”, available on
https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/household-air-pollution-and-health,
accessed 30 June 2020.

XII

