MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Mona Mäntynen

FEMALE GENITAL MUTILATION AS GROUNDS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION IN
THE EUROPEAN UNION

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
Master’s Programme in International Law
and Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi June 2020

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.

INTRODUCTION ...................................................................................................................... 1

1.1.

Background ........................................................................................................................... 1

1.3.

Methods and material ............................................................................................................ 6

1.2.

Research questions and aim .................................................................................................. 5

2. NORMATIVE FRAMEWORK REGARDING FGM AS A GROUND FOR
INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION................................................................................................ 8
2.1.

Common European Asylum System and EU law ................................................................. 8

2.3.

The Charter of the Fundamental Rights of the European Union ......................................... 17

2.2.
2.4.

The 1951 Refugee Convention ............................................................................................ 15
The European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms
............................................................................................................................................. 18

2.5. The Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women
and domestic violence .................................................................................................................... 19
3.

2.6.

National legislation on a Member State level ..................................................................... 21

3.1.

Well-founded fear of persecution ........................................................................................ 24

CRITERIA FOR GRANTING INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION IN THE EU ........... 24

3.2.

3.2.1.
3.2.2.

Membership in a particular social group ............................................................................. 27
FGM as gender-based persecution................................................................................... 33
FGM as child-specific form of persecution ..................................................................... 35

3.3.

FGM as a ground for subsidiary protection......................................................................... 39

4.1.

Credibility assessment ......................................................................................................... 41

4.3.

Internal flight or internal relocation alternative .................................................................. 47

4. MOST SIGNIFICANT LEGAL CHALLENGES REGARDING FGM AS GROUNDS
FOR INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION .................................................................................... 41
4.2.

FGM as a risk for future persecution................................................................................... 45

4.4. The safe country of origin concept and the country of origin information in EU Asylum
Law ............................................................................................................................................. 56
5.

4.5.

Other procedural issues regarding FGM as grounds for international protection ............... 59

CONCLUSIONS ....................................................................................................................... 62

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Program in International Human Rights Law
Author: Mona Mäntynen
Title of the Thesis: Female Genital Mutilation as Grounds for International Protection in the European
Union
Supevisor: Catarina Krause
Supevisor:
Abstract:
Women and girls arriving from FGM-practicing countries seek asylum in the EU each year. In many
of their countries of origin, female genital mutilation (FGM) is a commonly accepted and deeply
rooted tradition from which women and girls simply could not escape and thus, they have no choice
but to flee. FGM is a harmful and discriminatory tradition which furthers the inequality between men
and women. Both international law and EU law recognize FGM as a severe form of ill-treatment and
as a human rights violation, which has also argued to amount to torture and can, in certain
circumstances, be contrary to the right to life – when the procedure leads to death. FGM is a form of
gender-based persecution and often also a child-specific form of persecution. Victims and possible
victims of FGM can be considered to fall, inter alia, under the criteria of the “membership in a
particular social group”, as defined by the United Nations Refugee Convention from 1951, which is
the cornerstone in defining refugee status in EU Member States even today. However, gender is not
recognized as a ground for persecution in the Refugee Convention, and therefore States Parties to the
Convention should apply gender-sensitive interpretation to the Convention. Nevertheless, women and
girls seeking international protection from the Member States of the EU on the grounds of FGM face
great difficulties in accessing international protection in every part of the EU. Both victims of past
persecution and those in a risk of future persecution face difficulties in accessing international
protection.
The method of this thesis is dogmatic, as it will be concluded primarily by studying normative legal
material, such as international human rights law and refugee law. The research problem of this thesis
is to examine and analyse, what are the legal grounds for obtaining international protection on the
grounds of FGM and what are the most evident legal challenges and faced by asylum seekers, who
are seeking international protection on the grounds of FGM in the Member States of the European
Union. In addition, this thesis also aims to answer, what kind of legal challenges can arise from the
use of internal relocation alternative in FGM-related claims and whether the Member States of the
European Union have a commonly accepted, Union-wide legal approach on how to address FGMrelated claims for international protection. This thesis concludes inter alia, that internal relocation or
flight alternative is often disproportionately used in FGM-related claims. Furthermore, both victims of
FGM and women and girls in a risk of being subjected to FGM should be granted international
protection. More importantly, FGM should be recognized as a procedure, which has long-term
consequences and is often carried out more than once. Thus, claims of women and girls who have
already been subjected to FGM must also be held admissible. The fact, that FGM-related asylum
claims are not addressed in a coherent manner throughout the Union, different kinds of procedures
and lack of training of asylum authorities, combined with the lack of common EU-wide guidelines on
how to address FGM-related claims puts asylum seekers and refugees into an unequal position
depending on where in the EU they seek asylum.

Key words: FGM, gender-based persecution, child-specific form of persecution, international
protection, membership in a particular social group, past and future persecution, internal relocation
alternative.
Date: 7.6.2020

Number of pages:
65
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and annexes:
28240

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS
AFSJ

Area of Freedom, Security and Justice

CAT

United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading

AIDA

CEAS

CEDAW
COI

CRC

ECHR

ECtHR
ECRE
EMN
EU

FGC

FGM
FRA

ICCPR

ICESCR
ICRC
IFA

IRA

NGO

TFEU
UN

UNHCR
PSG

SCO

SDG

WHO

The Asylum Information Database
Treatment or Punishment

Common European Asylum System

United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against
Women

Country of origin information

Convention on the Rights of the Child

European Convention on Human Rights
European Court of Human Rights

European Council on Refugees and Exiles
European Migration Network
European Union

Female genital cutting

Female genital mutilation

European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
International Committee of Red Cross
Internal flight alternative

Internal Relocation alternative

Non-governmental organization

Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union
United Nations

United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Particular social group
Safe country of origin

Sustainable Development Goal
World Health Organization

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1.

Background

According to the World Health Organization’s (WHO) definition, Female genital mutilation

(FGM) or Female Genital Cutting (FGC) is a term that covers all procedures, involving total
or partial removing of the external female genitalia, or other procedures that intentionally
cause harm or alter female genital organs, which are done for non-medical reasons.1 The

author has decided to only use the term FGM, due to the fact that FGC is commonly used

when coming across with people who are supporting the practice in order to avoid negative

stigma. For the purposes of this study, the use of term FGM is thus more suitable. There are
four types of FGM recognized by the WHO. “Type I” includes partial or total removal the

clitoris, “type II” includes partial or total removal of the clitoris and the labia minora, with or
without the excision of the labia majora, “type III” being the most severe, including
infibulation, which shall be further discussed later in this thesis. “Type IV” includes all other
harmful traditions to the female genitalia for non-medical purposes, such as incising,
scraping, pricking, piercing and cauterization.

“Type III”, infibulation is the most severe form of FGM.2 This procedure is typically carried

out in the North-Eastern region of Africa: Eritrea, Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia and Sudan.3 It
has been estimated, that 15 % of all mutilations in Africa are infibulations, the so called

“pharaonic circumcisions”, which generally are performed by removing the clitoris and labia
minora, the cutting of the labia majora and almost complete stitching up of the vagina by

leaving only a small hole for menstrual blood and urine to escape, whereas other forms of

FGM are less severe as they only involve removal of the clitoris and labia minora. 4 However,

World Health Organization, Department of Reproductive Health and Research (2008). Eliminating Female
Genital Mutilation: an interagency statement - OHCHR, UNAIDS, UNDP, UNECA, UNESCO, UNFPA,
UNHCR, UNICEF, UNIFEM, WHO. Accessible:
https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/publications/fgm/9789241596442/en/. p. 4. [Accessed: 21 September
2019].
2
World Health Organization (WHO). Sexual and reproductive health: Female genital mutilation. (FGM).
Accessible: https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/topics/fgm/prevalence/en/. [Accessed 27 October 2019].
3
Ibid.
4
Coello, I. (1999). Female Genital Mutilation: Marked by Tradition. Cardozo J. Int'l & Comp. L., 7. pp. 213226,
p. 215.
1

1

women who have gone through types I, II or III are all likely to experience complications
during childbirth, such as death of the baby or postpartum hemorrhages.5

FGM leads to consequences affecting both physical and mental health. 6 Cutting off the

clitoris and nerve damage caused by FGM impairs sexual response.7 Furthermore, FGM leads
to complications for both the child and the mother during childbirth, such as stillbirth or low
birth weight.8 The procedure also causes chronic pain with which women have to live with

for the rest of their lives and has negative effects on not only their physical health, but mental
health too, as it may cause depression or social isolation, as well as various other forms of

long- and short-term mental health issues, such as post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety and
long-term psycho-sexual harm.9

FGM is typically performed on young girls in between infancy and the age of 15 and also
occasionally on adult women.10 There is no exact number for girls and women who have

been subjected to FGM, but it is known, that the number is at least 200 million.11 In addition,
an estimated 3 million girls are in a risk of being subjected to FGM.12 Approximately half of
the women subjected to FGM come from Ethiopia, Indonesia and Egypt.13 The fact, that

FGM is prohibited by law in a certain country does not automatically guarantee that the law

is in fact being followed. For example in Egypt, FGM was criminalized already in 2008 and

the new amendment for harder punishments for the practicioners of FGM was passed in 2016
by the national parliament of Egypt, yet a high percentage of the population still continues

the practice.14 Thus, despite the legislation, the practice of FGM may still exist widely and
strongly. The consequences of denying international protection from an applicant on the

Harivandi, Z. E. (2009). Invisible and involuntary: female genital mutilation as a basis for asylum. Cornell L.
Rev., 95, pp. 599-626. p. 603.
6
Ibid. p. 4. [Accessed: 21 September 2019].
7
Kail, G. (2018). Access to justice: Accelerating the abandonment of FGM/C. Cardozo Journal of Conflict
Resolution, 19(3), pp. 759-782, p. 762.
8
Ibid., p. 762.
9
Ibid., p. 762.
10
World Health Organization (WHO). (2019]. Factsheet on female genital mutilation. Accessible:
https://www.who.int/news-room/fact-sheets/detail/female-genital-mutilation. [Accessed: 21 September 2019].
11
United Nations Children’s Fund (2018). Female Genital Mutilation/ Cutting: A Global Concern. New
York, USA. Published by UNICEF.
12
World Health Organization’s website. Female genital mutilation: Prevalence of FGM. Accessible:
https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/topics/fgm/prevalence/en/. [Accessed 4 July 2020].
13
Ibid.
14
Thomson Reuters Foundation. (2018) 28 Too Many: FGM… let’s end it. Egypt: The Law and FGM.
Accessible:
https://www.28toomany.org/static/media/uploads/Law%20Reports/egypt_law_report_v1_(june_2018).pdf.
[Accessed 4 June 2020].
5

2

grounds that FGM is prohibited by law in her country of origin shall also be further analysed
in this thesis.

FGM was originally practiced in African countries, Middle-East and Asia, but due to

migration the practise of FGM has spreaded widely across the whole world.15 The common

perception, that FGM is solely an African tradition, is invalid. In fact, FGM is practiced in at
least in 92 different countries.16 However, in some African countries, the prevalence is of
FGM is extremely high. According to the up-to-date estimates from March 2020, the

prevalence of FGM is over 80 per cent in Mali, Egypt, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Eritrea,

Djibouti, Guinea, Guinea-Bissau and Sudan.17 In addition, there are now approximately half a
million women and girls living in Europe, who have undergone FGM.18 For example in
France, there are approximately 125,000 survivors of FGM. 19 In the UK this number is

around 137,000.20 Current estimates indicate, that there are FGM-survivors living all across
the European Union.21

In the practice of the European Court of Human Rights, FGM is commonly referred to
amount to a form of ill-treatment.22 However, according to the United Nations Special
Rapporteur on Torture, Juan Mendez, FGM is a form of gender-based violence, that

constitutes ill-treatment and torture.23 FGM is internationally acknowledged as a human

rights violation.24 It is a harmful practice, which cannot be justified on historical, cultural,

Klemetti, R. & Koukkula, M. (2019). Tyttöjen ja naisten sukuelinten silpomisen (FGM) estämisen
toimintaohjelma. Helsinki: Sosiaali- ja terveysministeriö 2019. Accessible:
http://julkaisut.valtioneuvosto.fi/handle/10024/161355. p. 11. [Accessed: 11 March 2020].
16
End FGM: European Network, End FGM/C: U.S, Network & Equality Now: A just world for women and
girls. (March 2020). Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting: A call for a global response. p. 51.
17
Ibid., p. 51.
18
Supra nota 9, p. 11.
19
Supra nota 10, p. 51.
20
Ibid., p. 51.
21
Ibid., p. 51.
22
See for example, Izevbekhai v. Ireland, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 17 May 2011,
Application no. 43408/08, para. 73.
23
United Nations General Assembly (2016). Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel,
inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, Juan E. Mendez. Human Rights Council, Thirty-first session,
Agenda item 3: Promotion on protection of all human rights, civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights,
including the right to development. A/HCR/31/57. para 58.
24
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). (2013). Too much pain. Female genital
mutilation and asylum in the European Union. Accessible:
https://www.unhcr.org/protection/women/531880249/pain-female-genital-mutilation-asylum-european-unionstatistical-overview.html. |Accessed 20 October 2019].
15

3

traditional or religious grounds.25 FGM can be recognized as gender-based discrimination

due to the fact, that it is rooted in gender inequalities and power imbalances between men and
women and inhibits womens’ full and equal enjoyment of human rights.26 Furthermore, it

violates the right to health, physical integrity and security, as well as the right to life – when
the procedure leads to death.27 FGM violates inter alia the International Covenant on Civil

and Political Rights (ICCPR)28, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural
Rights (ICESCR)29, the Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC)30, as well as the

Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combatting Violence Against Women
(Istanbul Convention)31.

Even though FGM is internationally acknowledged as a harmful tradition, human rights

violation and a discriminatory practise towards women and girls, asylum seekers who are

claiming for international protection on the grounds of FGM are particularly vulnerable in the
asylum system in all parts of the European Union.32 According to the principle of non-

refoulement, an asylum seeker cannot be returned into his or her country of origin, if there are

reasonable grounds to presume, that he or she would be subjected to irreparable harm, such as

UNHCR, The UN Refugee Agency. (2014). Too Much Pain: Female Genital Mutilation & Asylum in the
European Union: A Statistical Update (March 2014). p. 2. Accessible: https://www.unhcr.org/53187f379.pdf.
[Accessed: 20 October 2019].
26
OHCHR, UNAIDS, UNPD, UNECA, UNESCO, UNFPA, UNHCR, UNICEF, UNIFEM & WHO.
Eliminating female genital mutilation: An interagency statement. p. 10.
27
Ibid. p. 1. [Accessed: 20 October 2019].
28
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, concluded 16 December 1966, entered into force 23
March 1976, 999 UNTS 171.
29
International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, concluded 16 December 1966, entered into
force 3 January 1976.
30
Convention on the Rights of the Child, concluded 20 November 1989, entered into force 2 September 1990,
1577 UNTS 3.
31
2011 Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combatting Violence Against Women and Domestic
Violence. Council of Europe Treaty series – No. 210.
32
Liuska, S. (2016). Female genital mutilation: Putting human rights at the core of Europe’s asylum system.
End FGM European Network. Accessible: https://www.euractiv.com/section/development-policy/opinion/tuesfemale-genital-mutilation-putting-human-rights-at-the-core-of-europes-asylum-system/. [Accessed 12 March
2020].
25

4

persecution, torture33 or ill-treatment34 there. Yet, asylum seekers arriving in the European

Union (EU) are returned to their countries of origin without taking into account the possible
risk of FGM, or due to the fact that authorities simply refuse to grant them asylum or

international protection on the basis of FGM. Thus, this is an area that desperately needs

further research and development and due to that reason, this was chosen as the topic of this
thesis.

According to the Article 1 A (2) of the 1951 Refugee Convention, a refugee is a person who
is outside of his country of nationality and has a well-founded fear to be persecuted on the

grounds of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular group or political opinion,
and due to this fear, is unable or unwilling to return it.35 An asylum seeker is a person who

has fled of his or her country of origin in order to seek asylum, i.e the right to international

protection in a country other than his or her country of origin. An asylum seeker may also be
a refugee, if he or she meets the criteria for a refugee that is laid down by the 1951 refugee
convention and is therefore given a status of a refugee. There are many asylum seekers

coming to Europe from third-countries - areas where FGM is commonly and widely practiced
and where it often is a deeply rooted tradition from which women and girls simply cannot
escape if they would stay.

1.2.

Research questions and aim

Even though FGM is internationally recognized as a severe human rights violation, there are
still many problematic issues arising when deciding whether or not to grant the applicant an
asylum on the grounds of FGM, which need further recognition and clarification. The main

Nota bene, according to the Article 1 (1) of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or
Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CAT), torture is defined as ”any act by which severe pain or suffering,
whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person”, this Article also recognizes that torture can be
based on discrimination. Due to the fact that FGM causes both physical and mental suffering, it has been argued
to amount to torture. However, there is a dispute, as FGM has been argued not to fall precisely under the
meaning of this Article due to the fact that it refers to acts that are. “intentionally inflicted on a person for such
purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a confession, punishing him for an act he or a
third person has committed… or intimidating or coercing him… or for any reason based on discrimination of
any kind”. Thereby it is disputed, whether FGM is not done merely for the purposes defined by this Article and
whether it can be considered to fall under the criterion of torture.
34
The International Committee of Red Cross (ICRC) has defined the term ’ill-treatment’ to cover both inhuman
or degrading treatment. Inhuman treatment consists of acts causing serious pain or suffering, either physical or
mental. Degrading treatment covers acts which cause real and serious humiliation or a serious outrage upon
human dignity.
35
United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN Treaty Series vol.
189, 137, Article 1 A (2).
33

5

research problem of this paper is to examine, what are the legal grounds for obtaining
international protection on the grounds of FGM and what are the most evident legal

challenges faced by asylum seekers, who are seeking international protection on the grounds
of FGM in the Member States of the European Union.

In order to answer the main research question, the following sub-questions need to be

answered: What legal challenges arise from the use of internal relocation or internal flight
alternative, when deciding an application for international protection on the grounds of

FGM? Do Member States of the European Union have a common legal approach regarding
FGM as grounds for international protection? Furthermore, this thesis also aims to find out

whether the asylum claims lodged on the grounds of FGM have been successful in practice,
by analysing some of the cases decided both by national courts of the EU Member States.

In addition, the aim of this thesis is to examine, whether the current extent to which Member
States of the European Union grant international protection on the grounds of FGM is

compatible with the applicable legal framework on international and EU level and what needs
to be taken into consideration when processing claims of international protection lodged on
the grounds of FGM.36

1.3.

Methods and material

The method of this thesis is dogmatic, as it will be concluded primarily by studying

normative legal material. To clarify, this thesis shall be conducted by examining, which

instruments of international human rights law and refugee law are applicable to FGM as
grounds for international protection in the EU, and by researching relevant cases and

scientific legal articles and writings. Statutes, statutory instruments, general principles of

public international law, EU legislation and cases shall be used as primary sources in order to
introduce the legal framework applicable to the research questions. In order to support the

legal analysis, some case law of national Courts of the Member States of the European Union
as well as case law of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR) shall also be discussed
in order to analyse the most evident legal challenges, that commonly arise in FGM-related

claims, such as the application of the internal flight or relocation alternative, or the principle
This thesis shall focus more on the asylum procedures, than to granting subsidiary protection, but due to the
fact that both asylum and subsidiary protection are forms of international protection, the term international
protection is used in the headline instead of focusing the whole work solely on FGM as grounds for asylum.
36

6

of non-refoulement. However, it shall be taken into account, that the ECtHR is not a judiciary
body that grants the international protection, as this is done on a national level by national
asylum authorities. However, the ECtHR discusses claims where there are alleged human

rights violations the applicants claim to face upon return to their countries of origin, when the
decision on a national level has been to return the applicant back to her country of origin.

Thus, the case law of the ECtHR shall be used merely to illustrate some of the most evident

legal challenges, that often arise from FGM-related asylum claims. Some national cases from
different EU Member States shall also be discussed in order to support the analysis on

whether the asylum claims on the grounds of FGM have been successful in the practice and if
these cases have been addressed coherently. Scientific books and articles written by

international legal scholars, journal articles, online journals, websites and blogs, as well as

newspaper articles shall be used as secondary sources in order to support the legal analysis

and argumentation, as well as to provide a more thorough answer to the research questions of
this thesis.

Despite of the legal framework on both international and EU level, which generally provides

protection for victims of FGM and those who have fled their home countries in order to avoid
FGM or to protect their children from the practice, asylum seekers face issues in establishing

that they in fact have a well-founded fear of persecution and thus cannot return their countries
of origin. Thus, there is a significant gap between the law and the actualization of accessing

international protection in EU Member States for applicants who are in a risk or already been
subjected to FGM. The reason why this particular gap needs to be filled, is that there are

legislative issues relating to this problem, that have not yet given enough recognition, which
this particular study shall provide analysis for. Firstly, this thesis shall outline the general
background regarding the research problem and then outline the international legal

framework applicable. In order to make the research problem more focused the author has

decided to focus on EU Member States, due to the fact, that the EU has a common policy on
asylum and generally all Member States ought to apply the relevant provisions of EU law in
the same coherent manner in every part of the Union. Secondly, the criteria for granting

international protection in the EU shall be analysed in the third chapter. Thirdly, the author
shall analyse the most evident legal challenges arising from FGM-related claims for
international protection in the last chapter of this thesis.

7

2. NORMATIVE FRAMEWORK REGARDING FGM AS A GROUND
FOR INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION

Before going into more into detail to analyse the legal challenges arising from FGM-related
asylum claims, the lrelevant normative framework shall first be clarified. EU law creates an
obligation for the Member States to respect equality between men and women, as well as to
respect the human rights of asylum seekers. However, what makes this issue extremely

problematic, is the fact that there exists no legal framework directly applicable to FGM as
grounds for an asylum. This is the issue both in the field of international law and EU law.
However, this chapter shall introduce and analyse the legislative framework that can be

interpreted to apply to FGM-related asylum claims. In addition, this chapter shall clarify,
what are the grounds for international protection in the European Union.

2.1.

Common European Asylum System and EU law

Due to a rapid growth of asylum flows and an increasing number of refugees entering the

European Union from war zones of the third countries, common policies especially on human
trafficking and preventing illegal migration have become even more important for the Union
during the past few years. In EU law, judicial cooperation between EU Member States in

issues relating to immigration, visas and asylum are determined in Title V of Part Three of
the Treaty on The Functioning of the European Union (TFEU); The Area of Freedom,
Security and Justice (AFSJ).37 According to the Article 78 (1) of the Treaty of the

Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), the Union shall develop a common policy on

asylum, subsidiary protection38 and temporary protection39 with a view to offer appropriate

status to any third-country nationals requiring international protection. In addition, Article 78

(1) states, that this policy is not to intervene with the principle of non-refoulement40 and must
also be in accordance with the 1951 Refugee Convention and its 1967 Protocol as well as

Craig, P. & De Búrga, G. (Eds.). (2011). EU law: Text, cases and materials. 6th Edition. New York, the
United States: Oxford University press. p. 964.
38
Nota bene, ‘subsidiary protection’ is a form of international protection which can be granted, under certain
grounds, to applicants who do not qualify for a refugee status but who are still in the need of international
protection. Subsidiary protection shall be further explained and analysed in chapter 3.3. of this thesis.
39
‘Temporary protection’ shall be implemented by all EU countries in accordance with the Council Directive
2001/55/EC of July 2001 on minimum standards for giving temporary protection in the event of a mass influx of
displaced persons and on measures promoting a balance of efforts between Member States in receiving such
persons and bearing the consequences thereof.
40
The principle of non-refoulement, generally the prohibition of expulsion or return, is defined by the Article 33
(1) of the 1951 Refugee Convention: ”No Contracting State shall expel or return (”refouler”) a refugee in any
manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on account of his
race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion.”
37

8

other relevant treaties.41 The Article 78 (2) is especially important, as it states that the Union
shall also develop common procedures regarding granting and withdrawing of uniform

asylum or subsidiary protection status.42 In addition, the Schengen Agreement has established
a zone of free movement, abolishing internal borders. It also established measures to combat
terrorism and organized crime through custom policies and judiciary. 43

In the European Union, there has been a common European Asylum System (CEAS) since its
adoption in the 1999. CEAS ensures a common procedure for processing asylum claims
between Member States and also aims to ensure that people who are persecuted in their

countries of origin, will not be returned to danger.44. However, the CEAS is not solely a

protection-oriented system merely focused on Member States’ obligations under international
law and international human rights law, as it is also a product of Member States’ policy

interests regarding migration and asylum.45 The main objective of the creation of CEAS was
not to ensure the protection of refugees, but the prevention of the so called phenomenon of

‘asylum shopping’.46 Even though in principle the CEAS has created a harmonized policy on
how every EU Member State shall process the asylum claims, in reality the practices and

procedures vary greatly between the Member States. The CEAS consists of, inter alia, the

Dublin regulation, which helps to determine the Member State responsible for processing an
asylum claim.47

In EU law, the legal basis for the Union’s common policy on asylum is generally laid down

in Article 18 of the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (EU Charter) and
Articles 67(2), 78 (1) and 80 on the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union
(TFEU). According to the Article 18 of the EU Charter, the right to asylum is to be

guaranteed with due respect for the provisions of the 1951 Refugee Convention and the

European Union, 2012/C326/01 Consolidated version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union
(TFEU), Article 78 (1).
42
Ibid., Article 78 (2).
43
Sinnott, C. (2006). The Development of Refugee and Asylum Law in the European Union – Hibernian Law
Journal 6 (278), pp. 287-314, p. 294.
44
Cecilia Malmström, former Commissioner of Home Affairs in European Commission’s publication “A
Common European Asylum System”. Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union, 2014.
45
Bauloz, C., Ineli-Ciger, M., Singer, S. & Stoyanova V. “Introducing the Second Phase of the Common
European Asylum System.” In Bauloz, C., Ineli-Ciger, M., Singer, S. & Stoyanova V. (Eds). Seeking Asylum in
the European Union. (2015). Volume 4. Brill Nijhoff. Leiden: The Netherlands. p. 1.
46
Ibid., p. 1.
47
Ibid., p. 5.
41

9

Treaty establishing the European Community.48 According to the Article 78 (1) TFEU, the

aim of the EU is to develop a common policy on asylum, subsidiary protection and temporary
protection in order to offer appropriate status to all third-country nationals in the need of

international protection and to ensure the compliance of the principle of non-refoulement.49 In
addition, this policy must be consistent with The United Nations Convention Relating to the
Status of Refugees (The Refugee Convention) from 1951 and the Additional Protocol to the
Refugee Convention from 1967. In addition, according to Article 67 (2) TFEU, the Union
shall:

“ensure the absence of internal border controls and shall frame a common policy on asylum,

immigration and external border control, based on solidarity between Member States, which is fair
towards third-country nationals.”50

In addition, Article 80 TFEU includes the sharing of responsibility and solidarity between

Member States, which are both key elements in the EU’s common policy on asylum.51 The

EU asylum acquis consists of three main Directives; the Qualification Directive, the Recast

Procedures Directive and the Recast Reception Conditions Directive, as well as of the Dublin
Regulation and of the EURODAC Regulation. The EU has quite recently made some

significant alterations to these three Directives, with an aim to address certain specific

concerns related to gender-based persecution, such as addressing FGM as a ground for
asylum in a more comprehensive manner.52

The Recast Qualification Directive is decisive when granting international protection, as it
sets out the grounds and criteria for asylum in the European Union. 53 The Recast

Qualification Directive also sets out qualifications for subsidiary protection. According to the
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2000/C 364/01), Article 18.
European Union, 2012/C326/01 Consolidated version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union
(TFEU), Article 78 (1).
50
Ibid., Article 67 (2).
51
Ibid., Article 80.
52
Querton, C., Cheikh Ali, H., Soulard, E. (2012). Gender related asylum claims in Europe: a comparative
analysis of law, policies and practice focusing on women in nine EU Member States: France, Belgium,
Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. European Parliament. DirectorateGeneral for Internal Policies of the Union. p. 110.
53
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011 on standards for
the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of international international
protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for pers.ons eligible for subsidiary protection, and for the
content of the protection granted. (This Directive amends the former Council Directive 2004/83/EC of 29 April
2004 on minimum standards for the qualification and status of third country nationals or stateless persons as
refugees or as persons who otherwise need international protection and the content of the protection
granted). (Hereinafter referred to as the Recast Qualification Directive).
48
49

10

Chapter V, Article 15 (b) of the Recast Qualification Directive, one form of serious harm is
torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment which the applicant would face in
his or her country of origin.54 FGM can be considered as a form of serious harm under the
Recast Qualification Directive, as it can be considered to amount to torture, as well as

inhuman or degrading treatment.55 The Recast Qualification Directice defines international
protection in Article 8 as follows:

“As part of the assessment for the application for international protection, Member States may
determine that an applicant is not in need of international protection if in a part of the country
of origin, he or she:

(a) has no well-founded fear of being persecuted or is not at real risk of suffering serious harm;

or

(b) has access to protection against persecution or serious harm as defined in Article 7;

and he or she can safely and legally travel to and gain admittance to that part of the country ans
can reasonable be expected to settle there.”56

According to Article 27 of the Recast Qualification Directive, where the State or agents of

the State are the actors of serious harm or persecution, it should be presumed, that there is no

effective protection available for the applicant in his or her country of origin.57 This provision
is especially important when deciding whether a person seeking for international protection
can be returned back to his or her country of origin.

The Recast Asylum Procedures Directive lays down minimum standards in the framework of
the CEAS.58 The Recast Asylum Procedures Directive entails common procedures for

Member States of the EU regarding both granting and withdrawing international protection.

In addition, it provides safeguards for people fleeing persecution or serious harm and who are
applying for international protection in the EU. The Commission is proposing a new Asylum
Procedure Regulation, which would simplify and clarify the current disparate procedural

Ibid., Chapter V, Article 15 (b).
Article 15 (b) of the Recast Qualification Directive defines serious harm as torture or inhuman degrading
treatment or punishment of an applicant in the country of origin.
56
Ibid., Article 8.
57
Ibid., Article 27.
58
Directive 2013/32/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on common procedures
for granting and withdrawing international protection. (Amending the former Council Directive 2005/85/EC of
1 December 2005 on minimum standards on procedures for granting and withdrawing refugee status).
(Hereinafter referred to as the Recast Procedures Directive).
54
55

11

arrangements in EU Member States by reasonably shortening the time-limits for an applicant
to accede the procedure, as well as by paying more attention to vulnerable individuals with

special procedural needs. However, the requested Asylum Procedure Regulation would also
create harmonized rules on safe countiries. 59 This would mean that the applicant who is

considered to have come from a “safe country of origin” would have his or her application

rejected quickly, followed up by organizing a swift turn.60 Of course this would create more

issues on FGM-related applications for international protection, as the use of the assumption
of a “safe country of origin” is in fact rather controversial in nature in this context, as
explained further on in this thesis.

The Recast Reception Conditions Directive lays down standards for the reception of

applicants of international protection.61 The Recast Reception Conditions Directive is also
essential regarding this research topic, as it sets out provisions for vulnerable persons in

Chapter IV. The Article 21 of the Chapter IV of the Recast Reception Conditions Directive

specifically states, that the EU Member States shall take into account the particular situation
of vulnerable persons, such as victims of FGM, when implementing the Directive into their

national legislations.62 The Recast Reception Conditions Directive also creates an obligation
for the Member States to ensure that those working with victims of torture will be trained
appropriately.63

The Dublin III Regulation establishes, which Member State shall be in responsible for the

examination of the asylum application.64 In addition, the Dublin III Regulation ensures that

the asylum seeker shall be returned to a EU Member State in which he or she first lodged the
claim for international protection. Therefore, it prevents that an asylum which was not

European Commission. (2016). Proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council:
Establishing a common procedure for international protection in the Union and repealing Directive 2013/32/EU.
Accessible: https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agendamigration/proposal-implementationpackage/docs/20160713/proposal_for_a_common_procedure_for_international_protection_in_the_union_en.pdf
, p. 5. [Accessed 10 February 2020].
60
Ibid., p. 5.
61
Directive 2013/33/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 laying down standards
for the reception of applicants for international protection. (Hereinafter referred to as the Recast Reception
Conditions Directive).
62
Recast Reception Conditions Directive, Chapter IV, Article 21.
63
Ibid., Article 30.
64
Regulation (EU) No 604/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 establishing the
criteria and mechanisms for determining the Member State responsible for examining an application for
international protection lodged in one of the Member States by a third-country national or a stateless person.
59

12

granted in one Member State, could be granted in another. The EURODAC Regulation

establishes a system for comparing fingerprints for the purposes of assisting in determining
which Member State is to be responsible for examining an application for international
protection lodged by a third-country national or a stateless person.65

The Member States of the Union were to implement the Recast Qualification Directive by 21
December 2013, the Recast Reception Conditions Directive by 20 July 2015 and the Recast
Asylum Procedures Directive by 20 July 2018. However, the Member States have largely
failed to implement the Directives within these timeframes. In 2015, the Commission

proposed two comprehensive reform packages to strenghten the CEAS aimed at achieving a
more integrated, sustainable and holistic migration policy.66 The reform takes into account
the weakness of the Dublin system, which is that it places the responsibility of processing
asylum claims entirely on only a few individual Member States, which are located on the

main routes of migration flows.67 The shortcoming of the Dublin system was that it was not
designed for ensuring the sharing of responsibility of asylum applicants across the Union. 68

Currently, EU Member States may themselves determine, how many quota refugees they will
take in per year. Quota refugees are the ones to whom the refugee status has been given
through legal and administrative procedures by either the States themselves or by the

UNHCR.69 The fact, that not all EU Member States take in the same number of quota

refugees and some do not take in any quota refugees, also brings the EU Member States
further away from a situation where the responsibility would in fact be shared equally
between the Member States.

Regulation (EU) No 603/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on the
establishment of ‘EURODAC’ for the comparison of fingerprints for the effective application of Regulation
(EU) No 604/2013 establishing the criteria and mechanisms for determining the Member State Responsible for
examining an application for international protection lodged in one of the Member States by a third -country
national or a stateless person and on requests for the comparison with EURODAC data by Member States’ law
enforcement authorities and Europol for law enforcement purposes, and amending Regulation (EU) No
1077/2011 establishing a European Agency for the operational management of large-scale IT systems in the
area of freedom, security and justice. (Hereinafter referred to as the EURODAC Regulation).
66
European Commission, COM (2016) 197 Final. Communication from the Commission to the European
Parliament and the Council – Towards a reform of the Common European Asylum System and enhancing legal
avenues to Europe. p. 20. Accessible: https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-wedo/policies/european-agenda-migration/proposal-implementationpackage/docs/20160406/towards_a_reform_of_the_common_european_asylum_system_and_enhancing_legal_a
venues_to_europe_-_20160406_en.pdf. [Accessed 11 April 2020].
67
Ibid., p. 4.
68
Ibid., p. 4.
69
Finnish Immigration Service’s Webpage, information on quota refugees. (Accessible:
https://migri.fi/en/quota-refugees). [Accessed 17 April 2020].
65

13

The alterations made to previous versions of the Recast Qualifications Directive, the Recast

Asylum Procedures Directive and to the Recast Reception Conditions Directive were focused
to address certain specific concerns relating to gender-based persecution, such as addressing

FGM as grounds for asylum more comprehensively.70 Unfortunately, the EU Member States
have largely failed to fully implement the provisions of the reformed CEAS into their

national legislations. Furthermore, despite of the legal framework, according to the UNHCR
there are divergence in the terms of conditions of reception, which should be addressed
through practical cooperation and further legislative amendments at EU level. 71

Moreover, the need for a EU-wide procedure for identifying vulnerable asylum seekers was
brought up at a Ministerial Conference already ten years ago, in 2010.72 Vulnerable asylum
seekers should identified in order to enable fair asylum procedure and to ensure that their

need for international protection is recognised. 73 Early identification and adequate follow-up
process are key factors when assessing the special needs of traumatised asylum seekers. 74
Women and girls who have been subjected to FGM suffer from its long-lasting

consequences, such as chronic pain, infection of the reproduction system, chronic pelvic

infections, repetitive trauma and obsteric complications, alongside with several psychological
and emotional disturbances, such as post-traumatic stress disorder.75 In addition, such as

torture, FGM causes severe pain and suffering which does not stop with the initial procedure,
but continues as on-going torture throughout the woman’s life.76 The EU asylum acquis

requires taking into account the special needs of vulnerable asylum seekers, including the
needs arising from torture.77 Therefore, the current asylum system should also take into
account the particular needs of victims of FGM.

According to the Article 18 of the According to the European Parliament, the aim of the EU

is to develop a common policy on asylum, subsidiary protection and temporary protection in
order to offer appropriate status to all third-country nationals in the need of international

End FGM European Network. (2016). FGM in EU Asylum Directives: Qualification, Procedures and
Reception Conditions. European Commission’s Rights, Equality and Citizenship Programme and the Wallace
Global Fund. Accessible: https://www.endfgm.eu/editor/files/2016/05/End_FGM_Asylum_Guide.pdf.
[Accessed 28 October 2019].
71
Supra nota 47. p. 110.
72
Ibid., p. 81.
73
Ibid., p. 81.
74
Ibid., p. 81.
75
Supra nota 21, p. 19.
76
Ibid., p. 19
77
Ibid., p. 19.
70

14

protection and to ensure the observation of the principle of non-refoulement.78 In addition,

this policy must be consistent with The United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of
Refugees (The Refugee Convention) from 1951 and the Additional Protocol to the Refugee
Convention from 1967, which shall be further introduced in the next chapter.

2.2.

The 1951 Refugee Convention

Even today, the 1951 Geneva Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees (hereinafter

referred to as the 1951 Refugee Convention or the Refugee Convention) is the cornerstone of
international refugee law. The fact, that many States are attempting to restrict immigration

emphasizes the necessity of international refugee law.79 The Article 78 (1) of the Treaty on
the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) states the following:

“The Union shall develop a common policy on asylum, subsidiary protection and temporary
protection with a view to offering appropriate status to any third-country national requiring

international protection and ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement. This

policy must be in accordance with the Geneva Convention of 28 July 1951 and the Protocol of
31 January 1967 relating to the status of refugees, and other relevant treaties.”80

Thus, EU Members States are to implement the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1967

Protocol. According to Article 1 A (2) the Refugee Convention, a refugee is a person who

owes a well-founded fear of being persecuted on the grounds of race, religion, nationality,

membership in a particular social group or political opinion and who is outside of the country

of his nationality, and due to owing such fear is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of
the country in question.81 Furthermore, the 1951 Refugee Convention was the first to

recognize asylum as a fundamental right and granting it as an international obligation. The
Article 3 of the Refugee Convention lays down an obligation for the Contracting States to

apply the provisions of the Convention to refugees without discrimination as to religion, race

or country of origin.82 However, the non-discrimination provision in the Refugee Convention
Nota bene, the Article 3 of the preamble of the Recast Qualification Directive also enshrines, that the
Common European Asylum System shall be based on the full and inclusive application of the 1951 Refugee
Convention and its Protocol from 1967, thus affirming the principle of non-refoulement and ensuring that no
person is being sent back to persecution.
79
Nathwani, N. (2003). Rethinking Refugee Law. Martinus Nijhoff Publishers. Boston, Massachusetts. p. 4.
80
European Union, 2012/C326/01 Consolidated version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union
(TFEU), Article 79 (1).
81
United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN Treaty Series vol.
189, 137, Article 1 A (2).
82
Ibid., Article 3.
78

15

has been criticized, due to the fact that it does not include sex or gender.83 It has been argued,
that the Refugee Convention was drafted during the time, when there was a “complete
blindness to women, gender and issues of sexual inequality”.84

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) was established in 1949.85 It
is a subsidiary organ of the United Nations General Assembly and has a supervisory role to
the Refugee Convention.86 The UNHCR supervises the implementation of the Refugee

Convention and ensures the protection of refugees, stateless persons and although it does not
have a general mandate for internationally displaced persons, it may be involved under

certain circumstances to provide protection or humanitarian assistance.87 UNHCR supervises
the application of the Refugee Convention by creating guidelines on how the Convention

should be implemented, whereas it also helps to clarify the provisions and meaning of the

Convention. The UNHCR has developed gender-specific criteria and guidelines in order to

further the recognition of women’s rights within international human rights law.88 Due to the
fact that UNHCR exercises supervisory functions under the Refugee Convention, States
parties to the Convention should also apply the UNHCR guidelines in practice, when
interpreting the Refugee Convention.

Due to the fact that the Refugee Convention is the cornerstone of determining refugee status
still today, a conclusion can be drawn, that the complete absence of a gender-perspective in
the Refugee Convention inevitably raises legal issues regarding the equal protection of

female asylum seekers, particularly regarding discriminatory and harmful practices towards

women, such as FGM. Furthermore, it certainly complicates granting international protection
for victims of gender-based persecution, such as those seeking asylum on the basis of FGM.
Therefore, it can be concluded, that the UNHCR and its guidelines thus have a significant
role in addressing gender-related asylum claims.

Supra nota 52, p. 16.
Ibid., p. 16.
85
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Mandate of the High Commissioner for Refugees and His
Office – Executive Summary. Accessible: https://www.unhcr.org/5a1b53607.pdf. [Accessed 30 March 2020].
86
Ibid.
87
Ibid.
88
Supra nota 24., p. 16.
83
84

16

2.3.

The Charter of the Fundamental Rights of the European Union

In EU law, the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (EU Charter) is the

most fundamental legislation with regard to FGM, due to the fact that it lays out provisions in
a human rights approach that are required in order to tackle the issue of FGM. 89 The EU
Charter has been legally binding since the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty on 1

December 2009 and it has the same legal value as the EU treaties. 90 The EU Charter provides

for the right to asylum. Article 18 of the EU Charter establishes, that the right to asylum shall
be guaranteed with due respect for the 1951 Refugee Convention and the 1967 Protocol

relating to the status of refugees and in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European
Community.91 Article 19 of the EU Charter prohibits removal, expulsion or extradition to a
State where there would be a serious risk that the applicant would be subjected to death
penalty, torture or other inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. 92

The prohibition of torture and inhuman or degrading treatment is also included in the Article

4 of the EU Charter.93 Furthermore, the EU Charter has specific provisions on the principle of
non-discrimination and gender equality. Article 20 provides for equality before the law and

Article 23 entails equality between men and women.94 Furthermore, according to Article 51

(1) of the Charter, EU Member States have a duty to respect the rights, observe the principles,
as well as to promote the application of the Charter. 95 The relevance of the EU Charter is the
same than EU primary law and genarally constitutes the primary source of human rights in
the EU, exceeding the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR). 96

European Institute for Gender Equality. (2013). Female Genital Mutilation in the European Union and
Croatia. p. 37.
90
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA). (2018). Handbook: Applying the Charter of
Fundamental Rights of the European Union in law and policymaking at national level. Luxembourg:
Publications Office of the European Union. p. 3.
91
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2000/C 364/01), Article 18.
92
Ibid., Article 19.
93
Ibid., Article 4.
94
Ibid., Article 20 & 23.
95
Ibid., Article 51 (1).
96
Douglais-Scott, S. (2011) The European Union and the Human Rights after the Treaty of Lisbon. Human
Rights Law Review 11 (4). pp. 645-682, p. 645.
89

17

2.4.

The European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms

The European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms

(ECHR) as such is not a source of EU law, however the fundamental rights recognised by the
ECHR constitute general principles of EU law and hence have a crucial role in the EU legal

system.97 According to the Article 52 (3) of the EU Charter, the Charter contains rights which
correspond to rights guaranteed in the ECHR and the meaning and scope of the rights laid
down by the ECHR shall be the same as those laid down by the Charter. 98 However, this

provision shall not prevent the Union law from providing more extensive protection.99 In

other words, the ECHR establishes the minimum threshold of protection of human rights,

whereas EU law may provide more extensive protection. Alongside with the 1951 Refugee

Convention and the EU Charter, the ECHR is the most important legal document regarding
this research topic. The ECHR has legally binding effect and it has been signed by all EU

Member States, which makes it therefore significant when making asylum decisions in the
EU.

Article 2 of the of the ECHR promotes the right to life.100 According to Article 3 of the
ECHR, no person shall be subjected to torture, inhuman or degrading treatment or

punishment.101 FGM constitutes inhuman or degrading treatment and is therefore a violation

of Article 3 ECHR. Furthermore, FGM also violates the prohibition of discrimination, which

is included in Article 14 of the ECHR. These three articles can all be linked to FGM, as it is a
violation of the right to life, when the procedure leads to death. FGM has also been argued to
constitutes both physical and mental torture, however in the practice of ECtHR, FGM is

usually referred to constitute inhuman or degrading treatment. All of these rights are absolute
in nature, meaning no derogation shall be allowed. Prohibition of torture is a norm of

international law, a jus cogens norm, meaning that it is a peremptory norm from which no
derogation is allowed and which all countries shall respect during all circumstances.

Supra nota 53., p. 22.
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (2000/C 364/01), Article 52 (3).
99
Ibid.
100
ECHR, Article 2.
101
ECHR, Article 3.
97
98

18

Prohibition of expulsion or return, the principle of non-refoulement is also a key element
when deciding whether or not an asylum seeker can be returned to his or her country of

origin. According to the principle of non-refoulement, an asylum seeker cannot be returned
into his or her country of origin, if there are reasonable grounds to presume, that he or she
would be subjected to irreparable harm, such as persecution, torture or ill-treatment there.
The principle of non-refoulement is also included in the Article 33 of the 1951 Refugee

Convention.102 According to this Article, the States Parties to the Convention cannot return or
expel a refugee, if his or her life would be threatened due to his or her religion, race,

nationality, political opinion or membership of a particular group. 103 FGM can be linked inter
alia to the membership in a particular group – convention ground and Courts have interpreted
the particular group to constitute, for example women or girls in a certain country or in a
particular area, who are in a risk of being mutilated.

Therefore, in asylum cases, where the applicant has a well-founded fear of being persecuted
by being forced to undergo FGM, or if she has already been subjected to FGM but yet fears
for future risk of persecution, she should not be returned into her country of origin, as it

would be against the principle of non-refoulement. It shall be noted, that in cases where an
applicant cannot be granted asylum, the principle of non-refoulement can still apply.

Therefore, there can also be cases where an applicant does not qualify for an asylum, for

example due to being criminal, but he or she still cannot be returned, as he or she could face

torture, inhuman treatment or even death in the country of origin. However, it shall be noted,
that the principle of non-refoulement also includes restrictions. According to the Article 33

(2) of the Refugee Convention, the principle of non-refoulement does not apply to a refugee
who, according to reasonable grounds, may be regarded as a danger to the security of the
country in which he is, or who has been convicted for a particularly serious crime. 104

2.5.

The Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating
violence against women and domestic violence

The Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women

and domestic violence (The Istanbul Convention) entered into force first of August, 2014. It
United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN Treaty Series vol.
189, 137, Article 33.
103
Ibid. Article 33 (1).
104
Ibid, Article 33 (2).
102

19

was the first legal convention to specifically prohibit FGM. It has been signed by the

European Union, but not all EU Member States have ratified it. Article 60 of the Istanbul

Convention is focused on gender-based asylum claims. It obligates the States Parties to the
Convention to recognize gender-based violence against women as a form of persecution,
within the meaning of Article 1, A (2) of the 1951 Refugee Convention.105 According to

Article 61 of the Istanbul Convention, States Parties to the Convention shall take necessary
legislative or other measures to respect the principle of non-refoulement and to ensure, that

victims of violence against women who are in a need of protection, shall not be retuned under
any circumstances to a country where they would be at risk or might be subjected to torture
or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. 106

Istanbul Convention also entails a definition for gender-based violence, as it defines it as
violence that is directed against a woman because she is a woman or violence that

disproportionately affects women.107 This applies to all women regardless of their status or

residence. Therefore, it can be concluded, that the Istanbul Convention offers legal protection
for women who have suffered FGM or are at risk of FGM and it applies equally to all female
asylum seekers as well as migrant women, including undocumented migrants. More

importantly, Article 38 of the Istanbul Convention obligates States to criminalise “excising,
infibulating or performing any other mutilation to the whole or any part of a woman’s labia
majora, labia minora or clitoris”, as well as coercing a woman to undergo any of these

abovementioned acts.108 Article 38 of the Istanbul Convention lays down an obligation for

States Parties to the Convention to take the necessary legislative or other measures to ensure

the criminalization of excising, fibulating or performing any other mutilation to the whole or
any part of the woman’s labia majora, labia minora or clitoris.109 Furthermore, this Article

prohibits coercing orprocuring a woman110 or a girl111 to undergo any of the acts listed above.

2011 Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic
violence. Article 60 (1).
106
Ibid., Article 61.
107
Ibid., Article 3 (d).
108
Ibid., Article 38.
109
Ibid., Article 38 (a).
110
Ibid., Article 38 (b).
111
Ibid., Article 38 (c).
105

20

However, there are currently 7 EU Member States, who have not yet ratified the Istanbul

Convention.112 These countries are Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania,
Slovakia and the United Kingdom.113 Latvia, Lithuania, Czech Republic, Slovakia and

Hungary have all only signed the Convention. Only the States that have ratified the Istanbul
Convention are legally bound by it.114 Therefore, the scope of the Istanbul Convention is

rather limited, as not all EU Member States are legally bound by it and obligated to follow its
provisions. In February 2020, the Council of Europe published a new study, which aims to

support the implementation of the Istanbul Convention. The role of the Istanbul Convention
is important in the asylum procedure, particurlarly due to the fact, that it includes these

above-mentioned provisions, which obligates the States to recognize gender-based violence

against women as a form of persecution, especially due to the fact that gender is not listed by
the Refugee Convention as one of the criteria for obtaining the status of a refugee.

2.6.

National legislation on a Member State level

All EU Member States should adopt the provisions laid out by the Directives into their own

national legislations. Not all EU countries have adopted specific criminal law to address and

prohibit FGM in specific. Finland is currently the only Nordic EU Member State, which does
not have specific law on prohibiting FGM. However, some EU Member States, such as the

UK, Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Denmark, Italy, Ireland, Spain and Sweden have introduced

specific provisions in their national criminal law to address FGM in specific.115 Sweden was
the first European country to adopt specific legislation to prohibit FGM already in 1982. 116
However, in all Member States of the Union FGM is a prosecutable act, either as a form of
bodily harm or as a specific criminal act under their national legislations. 117

When it comes to granting asylums, for example in Finland, FGM is not included in the

Finnish national legislation as a specific ground for an asylum. However, it is stated in the
Council of Europe Portal: Chart of signatures and ratifications of Treaty 210, Council of Europe Convention
on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence. Accessible:
https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list/-/conventions/treaty/210/signatures [Accessed: 27 October
2019].
113
Ibid.
114
Ibid.
115
Supra nota 78. p. 43.
116
Ibid., p. 43.
117
European Parliament. Zero tolerance for female genital mutilation. Accessible:
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/RegData/etudes/ATAG/2017/595916/EPRS_ATA%282017%29595916_EN.pd
f. [Accessed 30 January 2020].
112

21

Article 52 of the Finnish Aliens Act, that an alien staying in Finland shall be granted a
permanent residence permit if refusal of the residence permit would be manifestly

unreasonable due to his or her state of health, ties to Finland or due to other individual and

human reason, particularly taking into account the conditions he or she would face if being
returned into his or her country of origin, or the vulnerable position of the applicant.118 In
addition, according to the Finnish Aliens Act §87, the risk of persecution can constitute a

ground for asylum.119 The Finnish Aliens Act does not specifically recognize FGM as a form

of persecution, but it recognizes sexual violence and torture as forms of persecution, whereas
it also recognizes gender-based persecution and persecution that is targeted at a child. 120
FGM can fall under any of these conditions.

The Finnish Aliens Act includes provisions directly applicable to the victims of human
trafficking, but it does not include a specific provision directly applicable to victims or

possible victims of FGM, and therefore its scope on addressing asylum applications on the

grounds of FGM is rather limited. This is arguably also the case in many other EU Member

States, which do not have any specific provisions on FGM as grounds for an asylum in their

national laws. Specific laws that prohibit the practice of FGM are seen as a declaration by the
State of a political will and a governmental commitment towards ending FGM. 121 It has been
argued, that the absence of specific legal provisions to address FGM results in little or no

likelihood of FGM being addressed under general criminal provisions, especially if there are
no specific governmental policy or directive, which would obligate law enforcement
authorities to undertake such prosecutions.122

Alongside with the human rights-perspective, it is extremely important for EU Member

States to not to reject asylum applications lodged on the grounds of FGM, is that rejected

asylum applications also further increase the number of undocumented migrants. The growth
of this extremely vulnerable group of people leads inevitably to many different legislative
issues, such as how to provide health care for people who are residing in the territory of a

Ulkomaalaislaki 30.4.2004/301, §52.
Ibid., § 87.
120
Ibid., § 87 (a).
121
End FGM: European Network, End FGM/C: U.S, Network & Equality Now: A just world for women and
girls. (March 2020). Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting: A call for a global response. Accessible:
https://www.endfgm.eu/editor/files/2020/03/FGM_Global_-_ONLINE_PDF_VERSION_-_06_2.pdf. [Accessed
30 March 2020]. p. 13.
122
Ibid., p. 13.
118
119

22

Host State illegally.123 Furthermore, it shall also be taken into account, that it can be assumed
that those female asylum seekers who have been subjected to mutilation and suffer from the
consequences of it, will have a need to access to health care services in the Host State.

However, due to the fear of possible fear of deportation, undocumented migrants are not
likely to use health care services.

The European Parliament suggested already in 2012, that Member States of the Union should

adopt and implement gender guidelines based on UNHCR’s recommendations for judges and
decision-makers.124 EU Member States should ensure, that their asylum procedures are

gender-sensitive. According to the European Parliament, they should also sign and ratify the
Istanbul Convention.125 The European Parliament, the European Council and the European
Commission should also ensure including gender issues in any future CEAS legislation. 126

However, due to the fact that in practice there exists no binding EU-wide gender guidelines

on asylum, reception and the refugee status, which results as the fact that gender-sensitivity
varies between the EU Member States’ asylum systems, depending on local legislation,
experience, practice and associated guidelines. 127

Mäntynen, M. (2018) Undocumented Migrants’ Right to Health Care in Finland, Bachelor Thesis. Tallinn
University of Technology. Accessible: https://digikogu.taltech.ee/et/Item/8e2fda79-ee64-463a-80fbda4ed1291575. [Accessed 5 May 2020].
124
Supra nota 52, p. 10.
125
Ibid., p. 10.
126
Ibid., p. 10.
127
Europe and Central Asia Regional Office, UN Women. Report on the Legal Rights of Women and Girl
Asylum Seekers in the European Union: Women and Girls’ Access to Asylum in the European Union. Istanbul,
March 2017. p. 7. Accessible: https://www2.unwomen.org//media/field%20office%20eca/attachments/publications/2017/women%20and%20girls%20access%20to%20asy
lum%20in%20the%20european%20union_for%20web.pdf?la=en&vs=1139. [Accessed: 5 May 2020].
123

23

3. CRITERIA FOR GRANTING INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION IN
THE EU
In 2013, the UNHCR estimated, that around 20,000 women and girls arriving from FGM-

practicing countries seek asylum in the EU every year. 128 In order to be granted refugee status
by a Member State of the European Union, the applicant must establish that he or she has a

well-founded fear of being persecution, which must be related to one or more of the grounds
listed in the 1951 Refugee Convention. The criteria for an asylum are set out by Article 1 A
(2) of the Refugee Convention as follows:

“As a result of events occurring before 1 January 1951 and owing to well- founded fear of

being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social

group or political opinion, is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or, owing to

such fear, is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country; or who, not having a
nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such
events, is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to return to it.”129

In order to meet the definition of a refugee the applicant must meet at least one of these

conditions set forth by the Refugee Convention. In addition, there must be a causal link

between the reasons for persecution and the acts of persecution, or the absence of protection
against such acts. According to the Recast Qualification Directive, in order to be granted

international protection, the applicant must be a third country national or a stateless person
who qualifies as a refugee or is eligible for subsidiary protection.130 In this chapter, the
grounds for international protection in the EU shall be analyzed, first starting from the
refugee status and then focusing on the subsidiary protection.

3.1.

Well-founded fear of persecution

The well-founded fear of persecution is a key element of the 1951 Refugee Convention’s
definition of a refugee.131 It contains both a substantive element, which is the fear of

persecution, and an objective element, meaning that the fear must have an objectively
Supra nota 25. p. 5.
United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN Treaty Series vol.
189, 137, Article 1 A (2).
130
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 9 (2) (f).
131
Perruchoud, R. & Redpath-Cross, J. (Eds.) (2011). Glossary on Migration. 2nd Edition. International
Organization for Migration (IOM). Geneva, Switzerland. p. 106.
128
129

24

justifiable basis.132 In order to meet the refugee definition criteria, an asylum seeker must first
establish, that he or she in fact has a well-founded fear of persecution.

The Refugee Convention itself does not clarify, which acts in specific are to constitute
persecution. However, acts of persecution are listed out by the Article 9 (2) of the

Qualification Directive and part (f) concerns acts of a gender-specific or child-specific nature.
When deciding on refugee claims, it shall be kept in mind, that the objective of defining the
refugee status should be purely humanitarian. 133 According to the UNHCR, the applicant’s
fear should generally be considered as well-founded, if he or she is able to establish to a
reasonable degree, that the continued stay in his or her country of origin has become
intolerable or would be intolerable if he or she would be returned there.134

Despite the fact that some scholars and criminal defence lawyers have argued that FGM is

acceptable on cultural grounds, when a woman is being subjected to FGM against her will,

there should always be a valid claim for persecution. 135 Furthermore, Courts have recognised
the existence of persecution in cases involving less severe, or even cases where there has

been no physical harm at all.136 Furthermore, in order for the asylum seeker to qualify for a
refugee status she must demonstrate that she has a well-founded fear of future persecution.

Therefore, it is not sufficient enough that the applicant can show the past persecution in order
for her to be granted an asylum.

In EU law, well-foundedness of an application for international protection is included in the

Recast Procedures Directive. According to the Article 40 of the Recast Procedures Directive,
the key consideration for well-foundedness of the application is the safety of the applicant’s
country of origin.137 According to this Article, if a third-country can be regarded as a safe

Ibid., p. 106.
UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Note on Burden and Standard of Proof in Refugee Claims,
16 December 1998. p. 1. Available at: https://www.refworld.org/docid/3ae6b3338.html [Accessed 4 December
2019].
134
G. Gyulai, M., Hardi, E., Herlihy, S., Kagan, J. Turner, L. & Udvarhelyi, E. (2013). Credibility Assessment
in Asylum Procedures: A Multidisciplinary Training Manual. Published by the Hungarian Helsinki Committee.
p. 18.
Accessible: https://helsinki.hu/wp-content/uploads/Credibility-Assessment-in-Asylum-Procedures-CREDOmanual.pdf [Accessed 2 March 2020].
135
Supra nota 14, p. 611.
136
Ibid., p. 611.
137
Directive 2013/32/EU on common procedures for granting and withdrawing international protection, Article
40.
132
133

25

country of origin, the EU Member States should presume that it is safe for the applicant, if

he or she does not present counter-indications.138 However, as stated in the Article 42 of this
Directive, the designation of a third-country as a safe country of origin cannot establish an
absolute guarantee of safety for the nationals, as the assessment of designation only takes
into consideration the general civil, legal and political circumstanses, alongside with an

assessment of whether the actors of persecution, torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or
punishment are subject to sanction in practice when found liable in that country. 139

Furthermore, it is stated by this Article, that in case an applicant shows valid reasons to

consider the country not safe for him or her, the designation of the country as safe becomes
invalid.140

According to the Article 4 (4) of Chapter II of the Recast Qualification Directive, the fact that
the applicant has been subjected to persecution or serious ham or to direct threaths of such

persecution or harm, shall be considered as a serious indication that the applicant has a wellfounded fear of persecution or real risk of suffering serious harm, unless there are good
reasons to believe that the serious harm or persecution will not be repeated. 141

Once established, that the applicant has a well-founded fear of persecution, it shall be

examined, under which ground(s) of the Refugee Convention her claim falls into. FGM can

be generally linked to all grounds of the Convention, but generally FGM is a form of genderbased persecution or a child-specific form of persecution and falls under the ground of

membership of a particular social group. For a person who has been compelled to leave his or
her country of origin due to fear of persecution, asylum is a claim of last resort. 142 In many
societies, women and girls do not have any power, which makes them vulnerable and

therefore they also become easy targets for persecution.143 It shall also be noted, that most of

the gender issues arising in asylum claims concern women. Already in 2009, the UNHCR has
estimated, that around 74% of worldwide refugee claims concern women and children.144
From the beginning of the 1990s, a number of jurisdictions have been increasingly

Ibid., Article 40.
Ibid., Article 42.
140
Ibid., Article 42.
141
Recast Qualification Directive, Chapter II, Article 4 (4).
142
Kneif, A. (2006). Gender bias in asylum law: recognizing persecution against women and girls. Women Law.
J., 92, 19. pp. 19-33, p. 19.
143
Kounelias, S. (2008). Asylum and Female Genital Mutilation: Membership in a Particular Social Group
Inadequately Protecting Persecuted Women. Scholar, 11. pp. 577-618, p. 581.
144
Ibid. p. 581.
138
139

26

recognized FGM as a form of persecution in their asylum decisions. 145 According to the

UNHCR, FGM is a form of gender-based violence that inflicts severe harm, both physical
and mental and is to be considered as a form of persecution.146

In an Italian case Cagliari Court, a Nigerian woman had fled to Italy to avoid FGM prior to
an arranged marriage in her country of origin and was granted an asylum on the grounds of
membership of a particular social group.147 The Court considered FGM as a widespread

tradition from which the applicant could not receive any protection from in her country of

origin and as an act of persecution relating to the membership of a particular social group.148
In a Swedish case The Migration Court of Appeal from 2012, the applicants were three
young underage Somalian girls, aged 3, 10 and 11, who were seeking an asylum on the

grounds of facing a risk of FGM if being returned to their country of origin. 149 The Swedish

Migration Board refused to grant them a refugee status on the grounds that according to it the
applicants had failed to establish sufficiently that they were in a risk of being subjected to

FGM in their country of origin. However, the applicants were granted subsidiary protection

due to the fact that there was an internal armed conflict in the city where the applicants came
from, Mogadishu. The applicants appealed the decision to the Migration Court, claiming to
be refugees due to gender-based persecution. According to the Migration Court of Appeal,

the parents were unlikely to be able to protect the girls against FGM in Somalia and therefore
held that they had a well-founded fear of gender-based persecution and therefore granted the
applicants a refugee status.150

3.2.

Membership in a particular social group

The UNHCR has defined a “particular social group” as a group of persons sharing a common

characteristic, other that their risk of being persecuted, or who are perceived as a group by the
UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Guidance Note on Refugee Claims relating to Female
Genital Mutilation, May 2009. Protection Policy and Legal Advice Section Division of International Protection
Services, Geneva. p. 6. Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/docid/4a0c28492.html [Accessed 21 November
2019].
146
Ibid., p. 4.
147
Cagliari Court, 3 April 2013, No. RG 8192/2012. Accessible: https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/caselaw/italy-cagliari-court-3-april-2013-no-rg-81922012. [Accessed 6 May 2020].
148
Ibid.
149
The Migration Court of Appeal, 12 October 2012, UM 1173-12, MIG 2012:12. Accessible:
https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/case-law/sweden-migration-court-appeal-12-october-2012-um-1173-12mig-201212. [Accessed 6 May 2020].
150
Ibid.
145

27

society.151 Furthermore, these characteristics are often unchangeable, or fundamental to

identity, conscience or the exercise of one’s human rights.152 Membership of a particular

social group is listed in 1951 Refugee Convention as one of the five grounds for a refugee
status.153 According to the UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against
Women:

“ States parties should interpret the definition of a refugee in the 1951 Convention relating to
the Status of Refugees in line with obligations of non-discrimination and equality; fully

integrate a gender-sensitive approach while interpreting all legally recognized grounds; classify
gender-related claims under the ground of membership of a particular social group, where

necessary; and consider adding sex and/or gender… in their national asylum legislation.”154

However, according to the UNHCR guidelines, merely the fact that the applicant is a member
of a particular social group does not automatically substantiate a claim to refugee status, but
the applicant must also show that she has a well-founded fear of persecution. According to

the Refugee Convention, the well-founded fear of persecution must also be linked to one or
more grounds of the Convention. Membership of a particular social group is listed in 1951
Refugee Convention as one of the five grounds for a refugee status.155The UNHCR has
defined a “particular social group” (PSG) as a group of persons sharing a common

characteristic, other that their risk of being persecuted, or who are perceived as a group by the
society.156 Furthermore, these characteristics are often unchangeable, or fundamental to
identity, conscience or the exercise of one’s human rights.157

It shall be noted, that the Refugee Convention itself does not define or further clarify which
groups are to constitute a “particular social group”. According to the UNHCR, historically,

the term refugee has been interpreted through a framework of male experiences, resulting in

UNHCR Guidelines on International Protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1
A 2 of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees. May 2002. (UNHCR
Gender Guidelines 2002), para. 29.
152
Ibid.
153
United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN Treaty Series vol.
189, 137, Article 1 A (2).
154
United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women. UN
Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, General recommendation No. 32 on the
gender-related dimensions of refugee status, asylum, nationality and statelessness of women, 5 November 2014,
CEDAW/C/GC/32, para. 38.
155
United Nations Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN Treaty Series vol.
189, 137, Article 1 A (2).
156
Supra nota 129, para. 29.
157
Ibid.
151

28

many unrecognized claims of women and homosexuals.158 In June 2002, UNHCR published
guidelines on both social group and gender claims. The UNHCR has defined a social group
as “persons of similar background(s), habits or social status”.159 FGM constitutes gender-

based persecution and the applicants often use “membership in a particular social group” as
the protected ground.160 In many FGM-related asylum cases, an asylum seeker identifies
herself as a woman belonging to a certain tribe in order to meet the “membership in a
particular social group”-requirement, when she fears having to undergo FGM.161

In a landmark case from year 1996, In re Fauziya Kasinga, the applicant was a 19-year-old

young woman, who was seeking an asylum from the U.S. on the grounds of FGM.162 She was
a member of a Tribe called Tchamba-Kunsuntu in Northern Togo.163 In this tribe, girls were
normally subjected to FGM in the age of 15, but the applicant’s now deceased father had
been able to protect his daughter from the practice.164 After the death of her father, the

claimant’s aunt had forced her into a polygamous marriage when she was 17.165 Her husband
and aunt were planning on forcing her to undergo FGM, but with the help of her sister, she

managed to flee from Togo to Ghana, but feared that her aunt and husband would locate her
there.166 After arriving to the U.S. she sought an asylum, claiming that she could not find
protection anywhere in Togo, her country of origin.167 The applicant was granted

international protection on the grounds of a membership of a particular group. 168 Here, the

particular social group was considered to be “young women of the Tchamba-Kunsuntu Tribe
who had not had FGM, as practiced by that tribe, and who opposed the practice”.169 In re
Kasinga was a breakthrough in recognizing gender as a component of the PSG ground,

however this decision has been criticized due to the fact that it failed to address the fact that
the applicant feared the persecution specifically due to her gender. 170

Supra nota 26, para. 5.
Supra nota 22,
160
Supra nota 20. p. 589.
161
Ibid., p. 589.
162
In re Fauziya Kasinga, 3278, United States Board of Immigration Appeals, 13 June 1996. Accessible:
https://www.refworld.org/cases,USA_BIA,47bb00782.html [Accessed 4 December 2019].
163
Ibid.
164
Ibid.
165
Ibid.
166
Ibid.
167
Ibid.
168
Ibid.
169
Ibid.
170
Rhodes, J. (2018). The Membership of a Particular Social Group: Forging a Space for Victims of Female
Genital Mutilation. King's Student Law Review, 9(1), pp. 1-16, p. 11.
158
159

29

In a British case Fornah v Secretary of State for the Home Department, the applicant was a
young girl who feared to return her country of origin, Sierra Leone, due to the fact that she

would face gender-specific persecution in the form of FGM and she was claiming for asylum
on the grounds of membership of a particular social group .171 The claimant had fled Sierra

Leone, her country of origin, in the age of 15 after hearing discussions about subjecting her

to FGM.172 The claimant had applied for an asylum in 2003 and the Court of Appeal had first
failed to recognize her belonging into a particular social group on various reasons based on

previous national case law.173 The House of Lords finally granted the applicant an asylum on
the grounds of membership in a particular social group after the applicant appealed the

previous decision and also largely due to an intervention by the UNHCR, which helped to

interpret the 1951 Refugee Convention.174 What was particularly important in this specific
decision, was that there was the first consensus about the fact that in order for a person to

belong into a PSG, there is no requirement, that all persons in that PSG must have the risk of
being persecuted.175 Therefore, it was finally agreed that the applicant belonged into a PSG,
which in this case was “uninitiated women in Sierra Leone, who had not been subjected to
FGM”.176

However, it shall be noted that “membership in a particular social group” has been argued to

apply to those who are victims of FGM as well, not only to the ones who fear to be subjected
to it. This is due to the fact that women who undergo FGM typically also face other forms of
gender-based violence such as forced marriage, rape, honor killings and physical and mental
abuse.177 FGM cannot be considered as a “one-time” act, due to the fact that it can be

perpetrated multiple times. Therefore, FGM is to be considered as a continuing form of harm.
When addressing the “membership of particular social group”, asylum claims by women

have sometimes been refused on the grounds that “women” are not recognized as a particular

UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), UNHCR intervention before the House of Lords in the case
of Zainab Esther Fornah (Appellant) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department (Respondent), 14 June
2006. Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/docid/45631a0f4.html [Accessed 4 December 2019].
172
Ibid.
173
Ibid.
174
Ibid.
175
Ibid.
176
Ibid.
177
Supra nota 20, p. 603.
171

30

social group due to the size of the group. According to the UNHCR this argument is also
invalid, due to the fact that the grounds are not bound by the question of size. 178

In EU law, the Recast Qualification Directive, paragraph 30 of the preamble recognizes FGM
directly as an example of the “membership of a particular group” - persecution ground,
alongside with forced abortion and forced sterilization:

“It is equally necessary to introduce a common concept of the persecution ground ‘membership of
a particular social group’. For the purposes of defining a particular social group, issues arising
from the applicant’s gender, including gender identity and sexual orientation, which may be

related to certain legal traditions and customs, resulting in for example female genital mutilation,
forced sterilization or forced abortion, should be given due consideration in so far as they are
related to the applicant’s well-founded fear of persecution”.179

Therefore, according to this particular provision, issues arising from the applicant’s gender,

including gender identity and sexual orientation, which can be related to certain customs and
traditions, such as FGM, should be given due recognition, provided that they are related to

the applicant’s well-founded fear of persecution.180 However, it has been argued, that overall
the existing instruments of the Common European Asylum System (CEAS) are rather weak
when it comes to recognizing gender-specific persecution and gender-related persecution.

Not all EU Member States recognize women to fall under the category of membership in a

particular social group under the Refugee Convention or the Recast Qualification Directive.

However, it shall be taken into account that the Recast Qualification Directive only provides

for minimum standards.181 The paragraph 14 of the Recast Qualification Directive’s preamble
states the following:

“ Member States should have the power to introduce or maintain more favorable provisions than
the standards laid down in this Directive for third-country nationals or stateless persons who

request international protection from a Member State, where such a request is understood to be on

Ibid., para. 31.
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011 on standards for
the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of international protection, for a
uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary protection, and for the content of the protection
granted, para. 30 of the preamble.
180
Ibid.
181
Europe and Central Asia Regional Office, UN Women. Report on the Legal Rights of Women and Girl
Asylum Seekers in the European Union: Women and Girls’ Access to Asylum in the European Union. Istanbul,
March 2017. p. 32. Accessible: https://www2.unwomen.org//media/field%20office%20eca/attachments/publications/2017/women%20and%20girls%20access%20to%20asy
lum%20in%20the%20european%20union_for%20web.pdf?la=en&vs=1139. [Accessed 4 May 2020].
178
179

31

the grounds that the person concerned is either a refugee within the meaning of Article 1 (A) of the
Geneva Convention, or a person eligible for subsidiary protection.”182

In a rather recent case Miss E v. France from 2017, it was held by the Court, that in countries
where FGM is of a highly prevalence, those applicants not yet subjected to FGM are to be
considered as owing a well-founded fear of persecution due to membership of a particular

social group in the light of the Article 1 A (2) of the 1951 Refugee Convention.183 Although

the author considers this kind of a practice, where the applicant has generally been granted a
refugee status on the grounds of FGM as “good practice”, in this case the Court has in this

judgment failed to recognize, that victims of FGM shall also belong in this same group and

that refugee status should therefore not only be granted to non-excised women. To conclude,
PSG-requirement should thus be applied to both those applicants who have already been

subjected to FGM, as well as to those who are in a risk of being subjected to FGM in their

countries of origin. This would certainly ensure more efficient protection to asylum seekers
and refugee women in a risk of FGM or its initial consequences or further mutilation
procedures, such as infibulation after each childbirth.

Furthermore, it is extremely important, that when granting the status of a refugee, all EU

Member States recognize victims of FGM to fall under the category of PSG, as it is unlikely
for it to fall under any of the other five criteria listed in the Refugee Convention. 184 The

reason why it can be argued not to be likely to fall under any of these other conditions (race,

political opinion, religion or nationality), is that it is in many cases a widely accepted cultural
tradition.185 However, it shall be noted that FGM can fall under any of the conditions for

being qualified as a refugee as set out by the Refugee Convention. Therefore, each case shall

be decided on the individual circumstances. According to the UNHCR, women and girls who
oppose the practice of FGM may be seen as facing persecution on their political opinion.186
They may be considered to hold critical opinion against policies, methods and traditions of

Recast Qualification Directive, para. 14 of the preamble.
Miss E v. France. France – CNDA, 21 October 2017, Mme E., no 16029780. Accessible:
https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/case-law/france-–-cnda-21-october-2017-mme-e-nº-16029780#content.
[Accessed 24 November 2019].
184
Siddiqui, S. (2010). Membership in Particular Social Group: All Approaches Open Doors for Women to
Qualify. Arizona Law Review, 52(2). pp. 505-532, p. 506.
185
Ibid., p. 506.
186
UNHCR, The UN refugee Agency. Guidance note on refugee claims relating to female genital mutilation,
para 25.
182
183

32

local leaders and others who are supporting FGM.187 Thus, depending on the individual

circumstances, FGM can generally fall under any of the grounds of the Refugee Convention,
however, it is most likely to fall under the PSG-category.

3.2.1.

FGM as gender-based persecution

According to the UNHCR, gender-based persecution has no legal meaning per se188, although
it is a term being used to encompass the variety of different claims in which gender has been
relevant when considering the granting of the refugee status.189 The UNHCR has developed

the gender-specific guidelines for ensuring that asylum claims involving women are assessed
properly. It is also noteworthy, that the use of term “women” in this document also includes

the girl-child.190 These guidelines are specifically focused on the interpretation of the Article
1 A (2) of the 1951 Refugee Convention, which entails the definition of a refugee. However,

it shall be acknowledged, that gender-sensitive interpretation of the Refugee Convention does
not automatically mean that all women shall be granted the status of a refugee, as the

claimants must also establish that they have a well-founded fear of being persecuted for

reasons of nationality, race, religion, membership in a particular social group or political
opinion.191

Women can face same kinds of forms of persecution as men, such as persecution on the

grounds of race or religion. However, persecution suffered by women is often focused on

their sex, as they deal with different types of forms of gender-based violence, such as FGM,
forced marriage, honor crimes, widow burnings, human trafficking, mandatory sterilization

and spousal abuse, only to name a few.192 It has also been argued, that the lack of a gender-

sensitive perspective in women’s refugee claims can be evidenced by the fact, that the list of

Ibid., para. 25.
However, according to UNHCR Guidelines on international protection: “Internal Flight or Relocation
Alternative” within the Context of Article 1 A (2) of the 1951 Convention and/or 1967 Protocol relating to the
Status of Refugees, para 3: “Some have located the concept of internal flight or relocation alternative in the
‘well-founded fear of being persecuted’ clause of the definition, and other in the ‘unwilling… or unable… to
avail himself of the protection of that country’ clause. These approaches are not necessarily contradictory, since
the definition comprises one holistic test of interrelated elements. How these elements relate, and the importance
to be accorded to one or another element, necessarily falls to be determined on the facts of each individual
case.”
189
Supra nota 129, para. 1.
190
Ibid., p. 2.
191
Ibid., p. 2.
192
Supra nota 138., p. 507.
187
188

33

persecution grounds of the 1951 Refugee Convention does not include gender or sex.193 Thus,
there has arguably been a historical failure to recognize the difference between men and

women in terms of why or how they experience persecution.194 The UNHCR has also argued,
that “historically the refugee definition has been interpreted through a framework of male
experiences, which has meant that claims of women and of homosexuals, have gone
unrecognized.”195

Already in 2017, “UN Women Report on the Legal Rights of Women and Girl Asylum Seekers
in the European Union” recommended recognition of gender-based persecution as a basis for
asylum.196 This report brought up by a team of international lawyers for UN Women

concluded, that there are significant legal gaps in the EU, which expose women who are

victims of gender-based persecution to the risk of being denied asylum. 197 According to this
study, the fact that the asylum system is not unified across the EU and the rights of women
and girls are protected differently in each EU Member State, results as exacerbation of the

difficulties that asylum seekers and refugees face. 198 Despite of the fact that European Union
has recently made alterations to the CEAS by including numerous provisions which are

aimed to assist asylum-seeking girls and women to overcome the difficulties they face, there
is still a lack of EU-wide rules for gender-specific persecution, which generally means that
the actual treatment of asylum seekers largely depends on the national implementation of

these CEAS provisions and the practices adopted by the local authorities. 199 Furthermore,
according to this report, there is no consistent interpretation among EU Member States

regarding the key requirements of the Refugee Convention.200 In some Member States,

applicants have to demonstrate, that the persecution they have faced was on the account of

race, religion, nationality and membership in a particular social group or political opinion. 201

However, gender has not been considered as a sufficient ground for persecution under any of
Binder, A. (2001). Gender and the Membership in Particular Social Group Category of the 1951 Refugee
Convention. Columbia Journal of Gender and Law, 10(2). pp. 167-194, p.170.
194
Council of Europe. (2019). Gender-based Asylum Claims and Non-refoulement: Articles 60 and 61 of the
Istanbul Convention – A collection of papers on the Council of Europe Convention on preventing and
combating violence against women and domestic violence. Prepared by Louise Hooper, Barrister, Garden Court
Chambers, United Kingdom. Published by Council of Europe. Strasbourg, France. p. 10.
195
Supra nota 140. p. 2.
196
Supra nota 179. p. 47. [Accessed: 27 April 2020].
197
Ibid., p. 50.
198
Ibid., p. 50.
199
Ibid., p. 50.
200
Ibid., p. 50.
201
Ibid., p. 50.
193

34

these grounds.202 This further emphasizes the need to consider gender-related claims to fall
under the membership in a particular social group-ground.

3.2.2.

FGM as child-specific form of persecution

FGM is not only gender-based persecution, as it is often also child-specific form of

persecution. Due to the fact, that FGM is usually practiced on underaged girls, it is often a

severe violation of the human rights of the child. FGM violates several rights included in the
Convention on the Rights of the Child (CRC). FGM is inter alia contrary to the Article 2 of

the CRC, according to which the child must be protected against all forms of discrimination,
as well as Article 19, which includes the right to be protected from mental and physical
violence, injury or abuse and maltreatment or exploitation. Furthermore, FGM is also

contrary to Article 24 of the CRC, according to which every child has the right to “the
highest attainable standard of health”.203

FGM disproportionately affects the health of the child and deprives the girl-child her right to
the highest attainable standard of health. Furthermore, according to the Article 24 (3), States
Parties to the Convention are to take all appropriate and effective measures to ensure the
abolishment of traditional practices prejudicial to the health of children. 204 FGM is

considered as this kind of a harmful traditional practice. However, the CRC does not have a
provision that would specifically prohibit FGM. The CRC came into force in 1990 and it

currently has 196 State Parties. It has been argued, that during the time when the CRC came
into force, FGM was still considered as a taboo even in developed countries. 205 Perhaps

therefore the CRC lacks any specific provision to address FGM in specific. According to
Article 19 of the CRC the States Parties to the Convention are to take all appropriate

legislative, administrative, social and educational measures to protect children from mental or
physical violence.

According to the UNHCR’s Guidance note on refugee claims relating to female genital

mutilation, FGM can be considered as child-specific form of persecution, due to the fact that
Ibid., p. 50.
Convention on the Rights of the Child, concluded 20 November 1989, entered into force 2 September 1990,
1577 UNTS 3, Article 24 (1).
204
Ibid., Article 24 (3).
205
Wheeler, P. (2004). Eliminating FGM: The role of the law. International Journal of Children's Rights,
11(3), pp. 257-272, p. 260.
202
203

35

it disproportionately affects the child.206 According to UNHCR, all forms of FGM are

considered as harmful and they violate several human rights, as affirmed by legal doctrine

and international and national jurisprudence. 207 It shall be taken into account, that actions or

threats that might not constitute persecution in the case of an adult may do so in the case of a
child. In the majority of FGM cases, regardless of the age of the applicant, the potential or

actual harm caused by the procedure is so serious, that it must be considered to qualify as a
form of persecution.208 Furthermore, as noted by the UN Committee on the Rights of the
Child in 2005, the refugee definition:

“… must be interpreted in an age and gender-sensitive manner, taking into account the

particular motives for, and forms and manifestations of, persecution experienced by children.
Persecution of kin; under-age recruitment; trafficking of children for prostitution; and sexual

exploitation or subjection to female genital mutilation, are some of the child-specific forms and
manifestations of persecution which may justify the granting of the refugee status if such acts
are related to one of the 1951 Refugee Convention grounds. States should, therefore, give
utmost attention to such child-specific forms and manifestations of persecution as well as
gender-based violence in national refugee status-determination procedures.”209

In EU law, the Recast Qualification Directive states in paragraph 28, that when applications

from minors for international protection are assessed, it is necessary that Member States take
into account the child-specific forms of persecution.210 Furthermore, the best interests of a
child should be a primary consideration when deciding upon return of a child and such

decisions should ensure that the child will be safe upon return and provided with proper care
and enjoyment of rights.211

In addition, there are certain facts, which are to be taken into account when addressing claims
involving child-specific forms of persecution. For example, despite the expectations, the

Supra nota 26, para. 9. [Accessed 28 November 2019].
UNHCR The UN Refugee Agency. Guidelines on International Protection: Child Asylum Claims Under
Articles 1 A (2) and 1 (F) of the 1951 Convention and/or 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees,
HCR/GIP/09/08. 22 December 2009, para 31.
208
Ibid., para. 9.
209
UN Committee on the Rights of the Child, General Comment No. 6 (2005): Treatment of Unaccompanied
and Separated Children Outside Their Country of Origin, CRC/GC/2005/6, 1 September 2005, para 74.
(Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/docid/42dd174b4.html) [Accessed 28 April 2020].
210
Recast Qualification Directive, para 28 of the preamble.
211
Joint General Comment No. 3 (2017) of the Committee on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant
Workers and Members of Their Families and No. 22 (2017) of the Committee on the Rights of the Child on the
general principles regarding the human rights of children in the context of international migration, paras 29 and
33.
206
207

36

child can also be unable or unwilling to express fear. 212 A young girl can be unaware of the

consequences and the harm that FGM causes and she can even be “looking forward” for the
procedure due to the fact, that in some cases, FGM is a also ritual where girls receive gifts

and attention.213 Nevertheless, in these situations their fear is also to be considered as wellfounded, as objectively FGM is considered as a form of persecution and under these

situations it is up to the decision-makers to objectively assess the risk the child is facing,
despite of the lack of expressing of fear.214 Thus, the lack of expressing of fear of FGM

cannot be considered as a determining factor, which would negatively affect the credibility
assessment of the child’s asylum claim.
Furthermore, it shall be noted that in many FGM-related claims for international protection

the applicant is the mother of a girl-child, who is applying for international protection on the
grounds that the child will be subjected to FGM if being returned back to her country of

origin. For example in a case from 2018, I.A.M. (on behalf of K.Y.M.) v Denmark, the asylum
claim was brought by a Somali woman on behalf of her daughter in Denmark. 215 The

applicant argued, that her daughter would face a risk of being forcefully subjected to FGM if

being returned back to her country of origin, Somalia. The Danish authorities had rejected the
applicant’s claim on the grounds that the mother could protect her daughter from FGM, as
she is “an independent woman with enough strength to resist social pressures.”216 This

decision was also partly based on the fact, that there are laws to prohibit FGM in Somalia.217
The applicant argued, that the RAB had based its decision on the DIS report on female

genital mutilation in Somalia from 2015, where it has been stated that it is not possible for a

girl to be mutilated in the Puntland State of Somalia, if the mother opposes to it.218 However,
the applicant also argued, that family members or relatives can even perform FGM against

the mother’s will, if the mother is not at home.219 Furthermore, she claims, that even though

FGM is prohibited by law in Somalia, the law is not in fact enforced in practice. The mother
Supra nota 26., para. 10.
Ibid., para 10.
214
Ibid., para 10.
215
I.A.M. (on behalf of K.Y.M) v Denmark, communication No. 3/2016, CRC/C/77/D/3/2016, UN Committee on
the Rights of the Child (CRC), 25 January 2018. Accessible:
https://www.refworld.org/cases,CRC,5a7dd3284.html. [Accessed 24 May 2020].
216
Ibid., para. 4.10.
217
Ibid., para. 2.3.
218
Ibid., para. 2.3.
219
Ibid., para. 3.2.
212

213

37

claimed, that her daughter’s rights under Articles 1, 2, 3 and 19 of the Convention on the

Rights of the Child (CRC) would be violated if she would be returned back to Somalia. 220
The applicant argued, that under Article 19 CRC, States Parties to the Convention are

obligated to protect children against any harm or violence, taking into account the best
interests of the child.

The UN Committee on the Rights of the Child (hereinafter referred to as the Committee)

noted, that despite of the fact that FGM is prohibited by legislation in Somalia, the practice of
FGM is still deeply rooted in the society, as 98% of Somali women have been subjected to
the practice. The Committee also noted, that the best interests of the child should be a

primary consideration in decisions involving deportation of a child. 221 According to the
Committee, Denmark had failed to take the best interests of a child into account by

disregarding the individual circumstances, such as the high prevalence of the practice of

FGM in the applicant’s country of origin. In this judgment, the Committee relied inter alia on
its General Comment No. 6, according to which the Contracting States shall not return a child
to a country where there are substantial grounds to believe, that there is a real risk of
irreparable harm to the child.222

This decision was essentially important, as in this case the Committee made an important

observation by noting, that the fact, that the applicant had fled her country of origin in the

first place could similarly be interpreted as inability to resist the social pressure, instead of
concluding, that due to having fled the applicant is “an independent woman with considerable
personal strength who must be able to resist social pressure and thus protect her daughter

from FGM”.223 In this context, the Committee also argued, that the rights of the child under
Article 19 CRC should not be considered dependable on the mother’s ability to resist family
or social pressure. Instead, States Parties to CRC should take measures to protect the child
from all forms of physical and mental violence, abuse or injury, even in cases where the
parent is unable to resist social pressure. 224 Furthermore, the Committee argued the
following:

Ibid., para. 3.1.
Ibid., para. 11.8.
222
Ibid., para. 11.3.
223
Ibid., para. 11.8. (b).
224
Ibid., para. 11.8. (b).
220
221

38

“the evaluation of a risk of a child to be subjected to irreversible harmful practice such as female
genital mutilation in the country in which she is being returned should be adopted following the

principle of precaution, and where reasonable doubt exist that the receiving State cannot protect the
child against such practices, State Parties should refrain from returning the child.”225

In addition, the Committee held, that the State Party has an obligation to refrain from

returning the applicant and her daughter back to their country of origin, the Puntland State of

Somalia, as well as to prevent such violations in the future. 226 Hence it can be concluded, that
the ‘independency’ or ‘strength of character’ should not be automatically interpreted as a

sign, that the mother or the parent is capable of protecting the daughter from being forcefully
subjected to FGM, in fact States should be able to protect children from harmful practices,

such as FGM even in case the parent is unable to protect the child. These matters should be a

key consideration in every claim for international protection on the grounds of FGM in every
EU Member State and therefore this case works as a good example of proper assessment of

relevant facts regarding claims involving children. In this case the Committee also recalled its
General Comment No. 18, in which the Committee has concluded, that:

”female genital mutilation may have various immediate and/or long-term health consequences, and
that the legislation and policies relating to immigration and asylum should, in particular, recognize

the risk of being subjected to harmful practices or being persecuted as a result of such practices as a

ground for granting asylum; and that consideration should also be given to providing protection to a
relative who may be accompanying the girl or woman”.227

3.3.

FGM as a ground for subsidiary protection

It shall also be noted, that even though an asylum seeker would not qualify for an asylum on

the grounds of FGM, she may still be granted subsidiary protection. This is of course a better
solution than internal flight alternative or internal relocation alternative, as it grants actual
and more certain protection to the applicant, as the applicant will not have to return the
country of origin, where she would face or be in a risk of being subjected to FGM.

Furthermore, granting an applicant subsidiary protection in a case where she would face

FGM in her country of origin would also not be against the principle of non-refoulement,

where as in some cases, returning the applicant to the country of origin would be. Therefore,

it would be extremely important for asylum authorities to take into account the possibility of
Ibid., para. 11.8. (c).
Ibid., para. 12.
227
Ibid., para. 11.4.
225
226

39

subsidiary protection in case the applicant does not qualify for a refugee status, but would
still be in the need of international protection.

According to Article 2 (f) of the Recast Qualification Directive, persons eligible for

subsidiary protection are those third-country nationals or stateless persons, who do not

qualify as a refugee, but who would, according to substantial grounds, face a real risk of

suffering serious harm if being returned to his or her country of origin or former habitial
residence. According to Article 15 of the Recast Qualification Directive, serious harm
consists of death penalty or execution, torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or

punishment, or serious and individual threat to a civilian’s life or person by reason of

indiscriminate violence in international or internal armed conflict. Article 17 of the Recast
Qualification Directive defines reasons which lead to exclusion of being eligible for

subsidiary protection. These reasons are for example the fact that a person has committed a

serious crime or if the person constitutes a danger to the community or to the security of the
Member State in which the person currently is.

According to a study concluded by the European Migration Network (EMN) and the

European Commission in 2017 on Ad-Hoc Query on Type of International Protection Status
for victims of FGM, there are several countries in the EU who have recently granted

subsidiary protection for victims of FGM who did not qualify for refugee status.228 EMN

received responses from 22 European countries, including 21 EU Member States: Austria,
Belgium, Czech Republic, Croatia, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy,

Ireland, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia,
Sweden and the United Kingdom.229 In this study EMN asked the competent asylum

authorities of each country, whether they have granted subsidiary protection status to Somali
women claiming to be victims of FGM. For example Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania

responded, that they do not have any general guidelines or special approach towards victims

of FGM and have not had any such cases. Austria responsed, that it does not have any general
guidelines for assessing claims of victims of FGM. In Croatia, there had not been any cases

from 2007 to 2017, where a woman or a girl would have been identifies as a victim of FGM.
European Migration Network (EMN). (2017). EMN Ad-Hoc Query on Type of International Protection
Status for Victims of FGM. Requested by CY EMN NCP on 19th May 2017. Responses from Austria, Belgium,
Malta, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Sweden, United Kingdom and Norway.
229
Ibid., p.1.
228

40

However, Belgium, the UK and Germany answered, that they grant refugee status instead of

subsidiary protection. Thus, it can be concluded that the ways in which FGM-related asylum
claims are addressed vary greatly between the Member States of the Union.

4. MOST SIGNIFICANT LEGAL CHALLENGES REGARDING FGM
AS GROUNDS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION
Despite of the legal framework on international and EU level applicable on FGM-related

asylum claims, there are various legal challenges faced by faced by women and girls who are
applying for international protection on the grounds of FGM in the Member States of the

European Union. This chapter shall introduce and provide analysis for the most evident legal
challenges, through for example, analysing the cases decided by the ECtHR. However, it
shall be kept in mind, that the ECtHR is not a judiciary body that grants the international

protection, as this is done on a national level by national asylum authorities. However, the

ECtHR discusses claims where there are alleged human rights violations the applicants claim

to face upon return to their countries of origin, when the decision on a national level has been
to return the applicant back to her country of origin. Thus, the cases of the ECtHR shall be

analysed in this chapter to introduce the most significant legal challenges arising from FGMrelated claims for international protection.

4.1.

Credibility assessment

In order to examine, whether the applicant qualifies for international protection, credibility

assessment shall be made to find out whether the claim of the applicant can be considered as
real and trustworthy.230 Credibility assessment is a core element in asylum decision-

making.231 It is also one of the most challenging aspects in asylum decision-making.232

Credibility assessment is essential, as it often is the first step towards decision-making.233

Facts that arise from the assessment of credibility are significant when giving a decision and
UNHCR (1998). Note on Burden and Standard of Proof in Refugee Claims, para 11 notes that “credibility is
established where the applicant has presented a claim which is coherent and plausible, not contradicting
generally known facts, and therefore is, on balance, capable of being believed.”
231
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). (2013). Beyond Proof – Credibility Assessment
in EU Asylum Systems. European Refugee Fund of the European Commission. Brussels, Belgium. Published by
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Brussels, Belgium. Accessible:
https://www.unhcr.org/protection/operations/51a8a08a9/full-report-beyond-proof-credibility-assessment-euasylum-systems.html. p. 28. [Accessed 28 February 2020].
232
Supra nota 116, p. 7. [Accessed 6 March 2020].
233
Supra nota 119, p. 28.
230

41

can also be determinative on the outcome. 234 Even though there is a lack of collected

comprehensive empirical evidence on the fact, that adverse credibility findings would result

in denial of international protection in EU Member States, there are several studies in the EU
and in a number of countries outside of the EU, which indicate that a great proportion of

decisions to deny international protection are in fact wholly or partially based on adverse

credibility findings.235 A great part of claims for international protection are rejected on the
grounds, that the determining authority does not find the applicant’s story credible.236 In

order for an asylum seeker to receive international protection, his or her asylum claim must

be credible.237 Therefore, the applicant must support his or her claim with as much evidence
as possible.238

Some Member States of the European Union have provisions in their national laws to apply
the benefit of the doubt to applicants. In Malta, for example, the standard of proof is

generally high, but the burden of proof is lowered in cases involving severe trauma, rape or
women in a vulnerable position.239 It shall also be taken into account, that victims of FGM

can be unable to tell their stories coherently due to psychological difficulties and this can also
have a negative impact on the assessment of their credibility. 240 Furthermore, it shall be taken
into account, that victims of sexual violence often remain silent about their experiences, due
to a concern of how they will be regarded by other people if they would find out.241

Therefore, asylum seekers should, due to their special situation, be given the benefit of the

doubt when it comes to assessing the credibility of their statements and document submitted
as support to those statements.242 In cases, where information that gives strong reasons to

question the veracity of the applicant’s submissions, he or she shall provide a satisfactory
explanation for the alleged inaccuracies. 243

Supra nota 119, p. 28.
Supra nota 119, p. 28.
236
Supra nota 23, p. 61.
237
Ibid., p. 61.
238
Ibid., p. 61.
239
Ibid., p. 62.
240
Drudy, A. (2006). Credibility Assessments and Victims of Female Genital Mutilation: A Re-Evaluation of
the Refugee Determination Process. ISLR, 14, 84. pp. 84-116, p. 112.
241
Ibid., p. 112.
242
Meredith, C. &. Mole, N. (2010). Asylum and the European Convention on Human Rights. Human rights
files, No. 9. Council of Europe Publishing. Strasbourg, France.. p. 61.
243
Ibid., p. 61.
234
235

42

However, victims of gender-related persecution often come across with great difficulties in

establishing the evidence of future persecution. This is serious issue in many asylum claims
lodged on the grounds of FGM. If the applicant has already gone through FGM, she will of

course have physical evidence to support her claim for past persecution. 244 However, the fact
that the mutilation has already been carried out should not be a reason to believe that the

applicant will not face persecution in the future, too. 245 In a ECtHR’s case from 2016, Sow v
Belgium, the applicant was a Guinean national, who had sought asylum in Belgium in

2009.246 The applicant claimed, that she would face a risk of re-excision if being returned

back to her country of origin. She was not granted an asylum due to the fact that there was a
lack of credibility as the applicant had failed to demonstrate the risk of being re-excised.
According to the UNHCR:
“All forms of FGM are considered harmful, although the consequences tend to be more severe

the more extensive the procedure. Other factors, such as age and social situation, may also have
an impact on the gravity of the consequences. FGM is mostly carried out on girls under the age
of 15 years, although it is occasionally also performed on adult and married women. The

procedure is often performed with rudimentary tools and without anaesthesia while the girl or
woman is held down.”247

For example, when a woman has been subjected to infibulation, in order for the woman to be
able to have intercourse or later on give birth, she must be cut open. 248 Women can also be

subjected to a reinfibulation, which generally means stitching up the woman’s genitalia. This
procedure can be done for example when a husband leaves a town, or after childbirth and it
has been justified to secure their fidelity. 249 Thus, a woman or a girl who has already been

subjected to FGM before seeking an asylum may still have a well-founded fear of persecution
in the future, due to the fact that she can be subjected to another form of FGM or she might

suffer from serious long-term consequences arising from the initial procedure. 250 Therefore,

Supra nota 111., p. 111.
Ibid., p. 111.
246
Sow v Belgium, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 19 January 2016, Application no. 27081/13.
247
UNHCR, The UN Refugee Agency. Guidance note on refugee claims relating to female genital mutilation.
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). Protection Policy and Legal Advice Section
Division of International Protection Services, Geneva. May 2009. p. 4. Accessible:
https://www.refworld.org/pdfid/4a0c28492.pdf. [Accessed 4 May 2020].
248
Ibid., p. 111.
249
Ibid., p. 111.
250
Supra nota 26. p.1. [Accessed 28 October 2019].
244
245

43

the persecution does not end in FGM and claiming that it is safe for those already been
subjected to FGM to return their countries of origin is not legitimate or justified.

Furthermore, cultural differences may lead to issues when assessing the credibility of an

asylum seeker who is a victim of FGM, due to the fact that women are expected to show a lot

of emotions during certain moments, as demonstrated in a study by Spijkerboer. 251 According
to this study, female applicants are often perceived as incredible in case they show too little

or too much emotion during asylum interviews.252 Communication failures are likely to occur
when people come from different cultural backgrounds.253 In addition, misinterpretation can
easily occur when there are linguistic barriers and even minor distortions of the applicant’s
statement by an interpreter may have negative effect on his or her credibility. 254 Therefore,
credibility assessment can have serious effects on whether the asylum applicant will in the
end receive an asylum.

Furthermore, a great responsibility lies primarily in the hands of the decision-maker. Many
circumstantial, professional and personal factors can have an effect on the asylum

practitioner’s ability to listen to an asylum seeker with empathy and open mind, in order to

assess the claim impartially and objectively.255 Decision-makers have a great responsibility
and they should always keep in mind, that despite the circumstances of the case, all cases

should be decided impartially and objectively. 256 Thus, it is critical that decision-makers do
not prejudge credibility or approach the case with skepticism or a ‘refusal mindset’.257 The
fact, that some determining authorities work in governmental departments aimed at

preventing irregular immigration, may influence the mindsets of decision-makers and

challenge the culture of asylum procedures, which should be adequately human rights and
protection-oriented.258

Supra nota 47, p. 109.
Ibid., p. 110.
253
Supra nota 39, p. 90.
254
Ibid., p. 90.
255
Supra nota 58. (G. Gyulai, M., Hardi, E., Herlihy, S., Kagan, J. Turner, L. & Udvarhelyi, E. (2013).
Credibility Assessment in Asylum Procedures: A multidisciplinary Training Manual, Hungarian Helsinki
Committee.,) p. 129.
256
Supra nota 212, p. 39. [Accessed 6 May 2020].
257
Ibid., p. 39.
258
Ibid., p. 39.
251
252

44

The fact, that not all EU Member States have implemented gender-specific guidelines nor do
they have a protocol on how to assess FGM-related asylum cases leads to the fact that not all
Member States consider FGM as a basis for international protection nor as a form of

persecution. Due to a lack of systematic record-keeping in most EU Member States, it is still
very unclear how vulnerability is concretely assessed.259

4.2.

FGM as a risk for future persecution

According to the UNHCR, the permanent and irreversible nature of FGM supports a finding
that a girl or a woman who has already been subjected to FGM before seeking asylum, may
still have a well-founded fear of future persecution.260 Depending on the individual

circumstances of the case and the particular practices of the community in question, the
applicant may fear that she could be subjected to another form of FGM and/or suffer

particularly serious long-term consequences of the initial procudure.261 Thus, there is no
requirement, that the future persecution feared should take an identical form of the one

endured in the past, as long as the future persecution can be linked to a Convention ground.262
Therefore, FGM-related asylum claims not only involve those who fear of being subjected to
FGM, but also those who have already suffered it.263 Those who have already undergone
FGM may still have a well-founded fear of future persecution, too. In some cultures,

persecutors target explicitly those girls and women who have already been subjected to FGM.
Therefore, women who have already suffered FGM must also be recognised to fall into the
membership in a particular group. It has also been argued, that merely evidence of past
persecution should be seen as a ground for asylum, due to the severity of the initial
consequences that FGM causes.

Yet, there have been cases, in which the woman has not been given an asylum and the

decision has been justified on the grounds that she has already undergone FGM and is thus
not in a need of international protection. For example, in 2017 the Dutch authorities

responded to EMN, that women who have already been subjected to FGM are not granted
Supra nota 29. [Accessed: 12 March 2020].
UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency. Guidance note on refugee claims relating to female genital mutilation.
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). Protection Policy and Legal Advice Section
Division of International Protection Services, Geneva. May 2009, para 14. Accessible:
https://www.refworld.org/pdfid/4a0c28492.pdf. [Accessed 6 May 2020].
261
Ibid., para 14.
262
Ibid., para 14.
263
Ibid., para 13.
259
260

45

refugee status nor subsidiary protection, arguing that they are no longer in a need of

international protection after the initial procedure has been carried out. 264 In Germany, in

cases where women who have already undergone FGM it needs to be assessed, whether they
might be subjected to the procedure again. The assessment is based on information obtained
in the asylum procudere, such as medical reports, written statements and the asylum

interview, as well as on the COI information. If it is reasonable to belief, that the girl or a
women might be subjected to FGM again, refugee status will be granted. If the does not

qualify for refugee status then she can be granted humanitarian protecion, in case she is for

example, suffering from medical problems caused by FGM. The United Kingdom also relies
on the COI information when establishing, whether the PSG exists.265

However, the UK did not provide information on whether future persecution, the risk of
being subjected to FGM again, would make the applicant qualify for refugee status or

subsidiary protection. In Sweden, individual assessment is made in order to establish, if the
applicant would be in danger in case of being returned back to her country of origin. In
addition, for women who have already been subjected to FGM, a forward-looking risk

assessment shall be conducted, which includes the risk of potential reinfibulation. The risk of
reinfibulation can be considered as gender-specific persecution in Sweden. 266 Thus,

according to this study, it can be concluded that the risk for future persecution does not

establish a valid ground for persecution and a basis for international protection in all EU
Member States.

Is it proportionate to argue, that a girl or a woman who has not yet been subjected to FGM,

has a real risk of being persecuted, but those who have suffered FGM and its initial physical

and physiological consequenses and/or who fear of being subjected to the procedure again –
does not have a real risk and is not to be considered as credible? The answer should be

simple. There are valid evidence, that in some cultures women undergo FGM multiple times,
for example each time they give birth or when the husband leaves the town. It can be

assumed, that risks will grow when the procedure is being carried out multiple times.

European Asylum Support Office. (2018). EASO Practical Guide: Qualification for International Protection.
EASO Practical Guides Series. Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union. p. 21.
265
Ibid., p. 21.
266
Ibid., p. 21.
264

46

According to the European Asylum Support Office (EASO), the relevant asylum officer has
an obligation to establish, that the persecution the applicant has suffered in the past will not

be repeated in the future.267 However, it shall be noted, that merely the fact that the applicant
has suffered persecution in the past does not automatically mean that there is also a risk for

future persecution.268 EASO also argues, that there might also be cases where the persecution
suffered in the past has been such an atrocious character, that the harm can be deemed to be

continuous. In these situations, the applicant cannot be expected to return to the place where
the persecution took place, as it could place her in psychological distress, which could reach
the same severity as the persecution itself. 269 Furthermore, it should be taken into account,

that the absence of past persecution should not be considered as a guarantee, that there will
not be a risk of future persecution.270 The fact, that in many FGM-related claims for
international protection, the risk of future persecution has either not been taken into

consideration, or it has not been seen to constitute as a well-founded risk of persecution is
thus one of the most evident legal challenges regarding this research topic. This is an area

that needs further development and more recognition in the asylum procedures all across the
EU.

4.3.

Internal flight or internal relocation alternative

Internal flight alternative (IFA) or internal relocation alternative (IRA) is a term, which

generally is used when determining, whether the applicant is in the need of international

protection, or could the applicant be able to escape the persecution by relocating himself or
herself in another part of his or her country of origin. Internal flight alternative or internal
relocation alternative in the context of FGM is a solution, that generally is being used by

Courts when refusing to grant the applicant international protection simply on the grounds

that she can relocate herself in her country of origin and in that way avoid having to undergo
FGM. It shall be noted, that IRA/IFA does not amount to a principle of refugee law. 271 It
merely refers to a situation where it is to be determined, whether the applicant should be

granted international protection or whether he or she could be protected in another area of his

Ibid., p. 21.
Ibid., p. 21.
269
Ibid., p. 21.
270
Ibid., p. 21.
271
Marx, R. (2002). The Criteria of Applying the “Internal Flight Alternative” Test in National Refugee Status
Determination Procedures. International Journal of Refugee Law, 14 (2&3). pp. 179-218. p. 180.
267
268

47

or her country of origin.272 However, denying refugee status from an applicant who had failed
to show enough evidence to negate the possibility of an internal relocation alternative has
increasingly become a routine.273

According to the UNHCR’s Guidance Note on Refugee Claims relating to Female Genital
Mutilation, paragraph 28, internal flight alternative cannot be considered as a relevant

alternative for a claimant who is from a country with a universal or near-universal practice of
FGM.274 Furthermore, this paragraph states that due to the fact that FGM (as well as other

forms of gender-based persecution) is typically carried out by private actors, it shows the lack
of effective State protection in one part of the country and therefore the country is either

unwilling or unable to protect the girl or the woman in any part of the country. 275 Therefore,

it would be unreasonable and most likely also impossible for the applicant to prove that she is
in a risk to be persecuted in every part of her country of origin. It shall be taken into

consideration, that if a woman relocates in a desperate situation she most likely will be in a

position where she has no other option but to contact her relatives due to a need of assistence,
which leads to a risk of being subjected to FGM. Therefore, according to the UNHCR: “any
proposed relocation must be also be reasonable and allow the applicant to live a relatively
normal life without undue hardship.”276

In addition, according to the paragraph 29 of the UNHCR’s Guidance Note on Refugee

Claims relating to Female Genital Mutilation, IFA/IRA in FGM-related claims has generally

been considered by decision-makers in such cases, where FGM is less widespread or is not a
common practice.277 Furthermore, paragraph 30 states, that internal relocation shall not be

considered as an option if the applicant would be in a risk of persecution in the new location.
In the UK, in the case CM (FGM-Ethnic Groups) Liberia v. Secretary of State for the Home

Department, the applicant was a Kenyan woman who appealed against her previous decision,
according to which it would be reasonable for her to relocate in Nairobi. The UK’s Supreme

Ibid. p. 180.
Ibid. p. 180.
274
UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Guidance Note on Refugee Claims relating to Female
Genital Mutilation, May 2009, para 28. Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/docid/4a0c28492.html. [Accessed
5 June 2020].
275
Ibid., para. 28.
276
Ibid., para. 31.
277
Ibid., para. 29.
272
273

48

Court allowed her appeal on the grounds that the Tribunal had failed to establish that her
father would be able to find her from Nairobi and force her to undergo FGM. 278

Furthermore, merely the fact that FGM is prohibited by law in the applicant’s country of
origin should not be a decisive element for any Court to justify that the applicant could

relocate in her country of origin and should be denied international protection. In many
African countries, FGM is in fact prohibited by national law and yet still practiced. For
example, Ethiopia has criminalized the practice of FGM in its national legislation. 279

According to the Ethiopian Criminal Code, Article 565, performing FGM on a woman of any
age is prohibited and punishable by up to five years of imprisonment. 280 The UNHCR has
also argued the following in its Gender-guidelines:

“Even though a particular State may have prohibited a persecutory practice (e.g. female genital

mutilation), the State may nevertheless continue to condone or tolerate the practice or may not be
able to stop the practice effectively. In such cases, the practice would still amount to persecution.
The fact that a law has been enacted to prohibit or denounce certain persecutory practices will

therefore not in itself be sufficient to determine that the individual’s claim to refugee status is not
valid.”281

Despite the adoption of legislation to prohibit FGM, rural families are increasingly been

performing FGM in secret to avoid the law, which has led to even greater risks for girls, as

the procedure is often carried out by less-experienced practitioners secretly at night in a poor
lightning.282 In fact, FGM has been prohibited in 24 countries around the world, including

Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, Egypt, Djiboouti, as well as some parts of Sudan. 283 As mentioned in
the introduction of this thesis, the prevalence of FGM is extremely high in all of these

countries, meaning that over 80 per cent of girls and women have been subjected to the

practice.284 Thus, the fact that there exists legislation to prohibit FGM in a certain country,
CM (Kenya) v Secretary of State for the Home Department [2007] EWCA Civ 312 (13 February 2007).
Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/cases,GBR_CA_CIV,4833f6ba2.html.
279
Thomson Reuters Foundation 28 Too Many: FGM…let’s end it. Ethiopia: The Law and FGM. July 2018. p.
2.
280
Ibid., p. 4.
281
UNHCR Gender Guidelines, para 11.
282
Supra nota 238, p. 7.
283
UNICEF, Unite for Children. Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting: A statistical overview and exploration of
the dynamics of change. July 2013. p. 9. Accessible: https://www.unicef.org/publications/index_69875.html.
[Accessed 9 May 2020].
284
Supra nota 15.
278

49

does not automatically mean that the practice of FGM has actually ended and girls are no

longer considered to be in a risk of being subjected to FGM. According to the UNHCR, a

formal prohibition of FGM by law is therefore not sufficient to conclude that there would in
fact be State protection.285 In order for State protection to be considered as available, there

must be active and genuine efforts done by the State in order to eliminate FGM, which are to
include appropriate prevention activities and actual and systematic prosecutions and
punishments for FGM-related crimes.286 The UNHCR further argues:

“Laws and mechanisms for the claimant to obtain protection from the State may reflect the
State’s willingness, but, unless they are given effect in practice, they are not of themselves
indicative of the availability of protection.”287

In addition, internal relocation alternative should not be considered as an option when the

agent of the persecution is the State, as the States can be presumed to exercise authority in all
parts of the country.288 In cases where the agent of the persecution is a non-State agent,

several factors shall be considered. These are for example the motivation of the persecutor,
the persecutor’s ability to reach the claimant in the area where she would be relocated to, as
well as the State protection available for the claimant in the area in question must be taken
into account.289 Furthermore, it should be taken into account whether the area where the

applicant would be relocated is practically, safely and legally accessible to the individual. 290
Even though the ECtHR held in case Collins and Akaziebie v Sweden, that FGM constitutes

ill-treatment and is a violation of Article 3 of the ECHR, ECtHR’s case law shows failures in
providing non-refoulement protection.291 In Collins and Akaziebie v Sweden, Izevbekhai and
Others v Ireland and in Omeredo v Austria, the asylum applications were declared

inadmissible, due to the fact that according to the Court there was an internal relocation

UNHCR’s Guidance note on refugee claims relating to female genital mutilation. para 21. Accessible:
https://www.refworld.org/docid/4a0c28492.html. |Accessed 2 March 2020].
286
Ibid., para 21.
287
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: “Internal Flight or Relocation Alternative” within the
Context of Article 1 A (2) of the 1951 Convention and/or 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, para
15. Accessible: https://www.unhcr.org/publications/legal/3f28d5cd4/guidelines-international-protection-4internal-flight-relocation-alternative.html. [Accessed 9 May 2020].
288
Ibid., para 13.
289
Ibid., para 15.
290
Ibid., para 10.
291
Bailliet, C. M. (2012). Persecution in the Home–Applying the Due Diligence Standard to Harmful
Traditional Practices within Human Rights and Refugee Law. Nordic Journal of Human Rights, 30 (01), pp. 3662, p. 52.
285

50

alternative for the applicants in the Northern part of Nigeria.292 These decisions contradict

with the UNHCR Guidance Note on Refugee Claims Relating to Female Genital Mutilation
from 2009, according to which “The lack of effective State protection in one part of the
country is an indication that the State will not be able or willing to protect the girl or a

woman in any other part of the country.293 Even though the rules and suggestions on the

application of IRA laid down by the UNHCR are very clear, EU countries seem to often rely
on IFA/IRA in asylum cases where the applicants are seeking for international protection on
the grounds of FGM.

In Collins and Akaziebie v Sweden, the applicant was a Nigerian woman who had fled the

country when she got pregnant, due to the fact that her sister had died from the complications
of childbirth combined with FGM and she feared of being subjected to this inhuman practice

as well.294 She argued that she would be forced to undergo FGM during childbirth, as it was a
Nigerian tradition.295 She also claimed, that if she would relocate into another part of Nigeria
to give birth, both she and the child would have been killed in a traditional religious

ceremony.296 She also argued, that due to the fact that FGM is such a deeply-routed tradition
in Nigeria, neither her parents or her husband would be able to protect her.

Firstly, when this application was brought to the Swedish Migration board, it was rejected on
the grounds that FGM was not a ground for asylum under the Swedish Aliens Act and due to
the fact that FGM was prohibited by law in Nigeria and this prohibition was observed in at
least six Nigerian States.297 Eventually, when this case was brought to ECtHR by the

applicant, the applicant had already given birth to her daughter and now also feared that the
child would also be subjected to FGM if being returned to Nigeria. 298 The claimant argued,
that expelling herself and her baby daughter would violate Article 3 of the ECHR, as there

was a real risk, that both of them would be subjected to FGM. In 2007, the ECtHR held the

application inadmissible on the grounds that the applicant had been strong and independent
enough to get from Nigeria to Sweden and therefore the Court saw no difficulty that the

Ibid., p. 52.
Ibid., p. 52.
294
Collins and Akaziebie v. Sweden, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 March 2007, Application
no. 23944/05.
295
Ibid., p. 2.
296
Ibid., p. 2.
297
Ibid., p. 3.
298
Ibid., p.10.
292
293

51

applicant would not be able to protect herself and her daughter from FGM in at least one of
the Nigerian States where FGM is less widely practiced and prohibited by law. 299

In addition, the Court also argued, that the claimant lacked real and concrete evidence of the
risk of being mutilated if being returned back to Nigeria. According to the Court it would be
safe for the applicant to relocate and this decision was also largely based on the fact, that

there were laws to prohibit FGM in Nigeria. This decision was strictly against the guidelines
laid down by the UNHCR, which argue that if there is a risk of being subjected to FGM in

one part of the country, there is a risk in all parts of the State, which indicates a lack of State
protection in the whole country. This case provides an example, that even in the practice of
ECtHR, the UNHCR Guidelines for international protection are not coherently followed.
In Izevbekhai and Others v. Ireland, the applicants were a Nigerian national and her two

daughters.300 In 2005, the mother (the first applicant) claimed asylum on behalf of herself and
her two daughters, on the grounds that she could not protect her daughters from FGM if they
would be returned back to Nigeria. The mother argued, that in 1994 her baby daughter had
been subjected to FGM against her or her husband’s will. The child was one year old and
died as a result of complications caused by the procedure of FGM. When the two other

daughters were born, the family needed to fled Nigeria in order to save the daughters from
FGM. Irish authorities refused to grant the applicants an asylum, claiming that their

assessment lacked credibility, as FGM was prohibited by law in Nigeria. The first applicant
appealed this decision to the Refugee Appeals Tribunal without success, as they were given
deportation orders. When this case was brought to ECtHR, it also held the application

inadmissible, as there was an opportunity for them to use internal relocation alternative.
In Omeredo v. Austria, the applicant was also a Nigerian national. 301 She had applied for an

asylum from Austria in 2003. The applicant had been subjected to FGM and according to the
customs in her village, unmarried women were to undergo FGM every five years. According

to the applicant, the police would not interfere with the tradition and other villagers might kill
Blöndal, E. K., & Arnardóttir, O. M. (2018). Non-Refoulement in Strasbourg: Making Sense of the
Assessment of Individual Circumstances. Oslo Law Review, 5(03). pp. 147-174, p. 167.
300
Izevbekhai v. Ireland, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 17 May 2011, Application no.
43408/08.
301
Omeredo v Austria, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 20 September 2011, Application no.
8969/10.
299

52

her if she would refuse to be subjected to FGM. The Austrian authorities refused to grant her
an asylum on the same grounds as in the previous cases, claiming that FGM was prohibited

by law in Nigeria. The applicant appealed this decision to ECtHR, arguing that returning her
back to Nigeria would put her in danger of having to undergo FGM, which is a practice

contrary to Article 3 ECHR, which entails the prohibition of torture.302 However, the ECtHR
held the application inadmissible, based on the facts that the applicant had worked as a

seamstress for eight years and had obtained school education for 13 years, and was therefore,
according to Court, capable of relocating herself internally. The Court concluded that there

was a reason to believe that due to her education and working experience, the applicant will
be able to build up her life in Nigeria independently without having to seek support from
family members.

A recent case from the Supreme Administrative Court of Finland also showed, that the

authorities in the Finnish Migration Service had failed to establish whether a mother and her
baby daughter would bear a risk of being subjected to FGM and reinfibulation if being

returned to Somalia, their country of origin.303 The Court also found, that authorities very

seldomly have taken into account a possible risk of FGM when establishing a basis for an

asylum in the country.304 Furthermore, the Court stated, that it is presumed that an asylum

seeker establishes all possible grounds for international protection already in the application.
However, this is rather problematic, due to the fact that asylum seekers often lack a
knowledge, that FGM can in fact be a ground for international protection.305

In addition, in this case, the applicant had been subjected to the most severe form of FGM,
infibulation, and argued, that she would be subjected to reinfibulation if being returned to

Somalia. She had given birth in Mogadishu three times and had been reinfibulated after each
time. Furthermore, she also feared her baby daughter would have to undergo infibulation if
being returned back to Somalia. The Administrative Court of Eastern Finland had based its
decision on internal relocation alternative, arguing the applicant could be able to relocate
safely and therefore protect herself and her daughter from FGM.

Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms reads as follows: ”No
one shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman treatment or degrading treatment or punishment.”
303
KHO: 2019:93
304
Ibid.
305
Ibid.
302

53

When this case was broght to the Supreme Administrative Court, it was held that internal

relocation alternative was not an option due to the fact that the applicant would not be able to
protect her daughter from infibulation, due to the fact that her relatives and society and the
Somalian community would require it. Although there is no specific law against FGM in

Finland, however, FGM is considered as aggravated assault under the Article 6 of the Finnish
Criminal Code.306 Maximum penalty of aggravated assault is 10 years of imprisonment.

Furthermore, this law has extraterritorial jurisdiction if the girl is taken abroad to be subjected
to FGM, provided that she is either a Finnish citizen or is residing permanently on the

territory of Finland. However, Finland is currently the only Nordic country lacking specific
legislation to prohibit FGM.

A news article in the website of the Finnish League for Human Rights (Ihmisoikeusliitto)

from 2017 revealed, that the Finnish migration authorities do not discuss the possible risk for

FGM in asylum interviews.307 According to this article, which was three years ago, there had

been no asylum decisions involving FGM in Finland, which is not surprising as neither FGM
or the possible risk of FGM are discussed in the asylum interviews. The Finnish League for

Human Rights reminded, that this does not mean that there had not been any girls or women
arriving in Finland who were in a risk of mutilation in their countries of origin, as the

applicants themselves are not likely to address FGM when being interviewed, if not being

asked. FGM can be a very hard matter to be brought up for discussion. Thus, the applicants
can have a complete lack of knowledge that FGM can even constitute as a ground for an

asylum and therefore the responsibility of authorities to brought up this matter has a major

impact on accessing international protection. Therefore, asylum seekers can be in a serious

lack of legal protection. To conclude, this issue has been aknowledged now for the period of

three years in Finland. Nevertheless, this issue had not been given attention until the decision
from summer 2019, that was discussed above. This shows, that there has been a lack of
implementing EU law into national law regarding this matter.

In a Hungarian case from 2009, L.M.N. v. Office of Immigration and Nationality, the

applicant was a Kenyan woman who was, according to the Office of Immigration and
Laki rikoslain muuttamisesta 6§ (13.7.2001/654).
News article in the website of the Finnish League for Human Rights: Female genital mutilation can be a
ground for an asylum. (2017). Accessible: https://ihmisoikeusliitto.fi/tyttojen-sukuelinten-silpominen-voi-ollaturvapaikkaperuste/. [Accessed 19 February 2020].
306
307

54

Nationality, already been subjected to FGM. 308 She had left her country of origin in order to
escape forced marriage.309 After gynecological examinations, it was proven that FGM was
not yet performed on her.310 However, the Metropolitan Court of Hungary refused to grant
her an asylum on the grounds that she could relocate herself internally in Kenya and could

receive protection from NGO-based centers offering support for women.311 The Court did not
recognize forced marriage as a form of persecution on the ground of PSG and failed to take
into account the vulnerability of the applicant as a woman who was unwilling to submit

herself to tribal and social traditions such as FGM and forced marriage. Furthermore, the
Court relying entirely on protection granted by non-state actors of protection is rather

questionable.312 The UNHCR has in fact argued that if in the applicant’s country of origin,

the access to protection is entirely NGO-based it indicates of the absence of State protection.
In addition, the UNHCR has developed the following four-part relevance analysis for
assessing IFA/IRA:

“a) Is the area of relocation practically, safely and legally accessible to the individual? If any

of these conditions is not met, consideration of an alternative location within the country would
not be relevant.

b) Is the agent of persecution the State? National authorities are presumed to act throughout the
country. If they are the feared persecutors, there is a presumption in principle that an internal
flight or relocation is not available.

c) Is the agent of persecution a non-State agent? Where there is a risk that the non-State actor
will persecute the claimant in the proposed area, then the area will not be an internal flight or

relocation alternative. This finding will depend on the determination of whether the persecutor
is likely to pursue the claimant to the area and whether the State protection from the harm is
feared is available there.

d) Would the claimant be exposed to a risk of being persecuted or other serious harm upon
relocation? This would include the original the original or any new form of persecution or
other serious harm in the area of relocation.”313

Hungary – Metropolitan Court, 16 January 2009, L.M.N. v. Office of Immigration and Nationality,
17.K.32.826./2007/15. Accessible: https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/case-law/hungary-–-metropolitancourt-16-january-2009-lmn-v-office-immigration-and-nationality [Accessed 27 October 2019].
309
Ibid.
310
Ibid.
311
Ibid.
312
Ibid.
313
UNHCR, The UN Refugee Agency. Guidelines on International Protection: “Internal Flight or Relocation
Alternative” within the Context of Article 1 A (2) of the 1951 Convention and/or 1967 Protocol relating to the
Status of Refugees. HCR/GIP/03/04, 23 July 2003. p. 3.
308

55

In addition, according to the UNHCR, a reasonableness analysis shall be conducted by
establishing, whether the claimant can, in the context of the country in question, live a
relatively normal life without facing undue hardship.314 If not, it cannot be considered
reasonable for the applicant to move there. 315

4.4.

The safe country of origin concept and the country of origin
information in EU Asylum Law

One of the most difficult aspects regarding FGM as grounds for asylum is the safe country of

origin (SCO) concept in European Asylum Law. When exactly, can a country be presumed as
safe country of origin, in which it would be safe enough for the applicant to return? This can
be very hard to determine. There has been an ongoing debate on the whole concept of “safe
countries of origin” in the EU’s common asylum policy since it became part of the EU

asylum acquis.316 Both the Asylum Procedures Directive and its Recast have allowed EU
countries to divide asylum seekers into separate categories by warranting less favorable

treatment to nationals of certain third countries, which is against the State obligation to treat
refugees without discrimination, which has been laid down by the Article 3 of the 1951
Refugee Convention.317

According to the Article 36 (2) of the Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, EU Member

States shall lay down further rules and modalities for the application of safe country of origin
concept in their national legislation. This specific provision can create issues, as it generally
allows EU Member States to designate safe countries of origin by themselves, which can

have a detrimental impact on women and girls seeking asylum. However, the Recast Asylum
Procedures Directive also enshrines the following:

“The designation of a third country as a safe country of origin for the purposes of this Directive

cannot establish an absolute guarantee of safety for nationals of that country. By its very nature,

the assessment underlying the designation can only take into account the general civil, legal and
political circumstances in that country and whether actors of persecution, torture or inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment are subject to sanction in practice when found liable in that
country. For this reason, it is important that, where an applicant shows that there are valid

Ibid., p. 3.
Ibid., p. 3.
316
Asylum Information Database (AIDA). “Safe countries of origin”: A safe concept? AIDA Legal Briefing
No. 3 September 2015. European Council on Refugees and Exiles (ECRE). p. 2.
317
Ibid., p. 2.
314
315

56

reasons to consider the country not to be safe in his or her particular circumstances, the

designation of the country as safe can no longer be considered relevant for him or her.”318

The Recast Asylum Procedures Directive entails certain minimum standards before a

Member State can apply the safe country of origin - concept, however, it does not require the
third country in question to have a gender-sensitive asylum procedure.319 According to

paragraph 40 of the preamble of the Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, a key element for
the well-foundedness of an application for international protection is the safety of the

applicant in his or her country of origin.320 EU Member States should designate a third-

country as safe if it is regarded as a safe country of origin and provided that the applicant
does not present counter-indications.321

In general, the SCO-concept allows EU Member States to consider a country as safe on the
mere presumption of safety, provided that there is “generally and consistently no persecution,
no inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment and no threat by reason of indiscriminate

violence in situations of international or internal armed conflict”.322 Based on these grounds,
asylum applications from these countries are likely to be “unfounded”.323 Thus the SCO-

concept can have crucial effects on the rights and guarantees available to the asylum seeker

throughout the refugee status determination process.324 If applications from certain countries
that are designated as safe countries of origin are automatically excluded, it can be argued to

constitute discrimination on the grounds of nationality, which is prohibited by the Article 3 of
the Refugee Convention.

Alongside with the personal interview, the country of origin information (COI) is often the
only other evidence available in many asylum cases. 325 COI is used in order to determine,

whether the country of origin of the applicant is to be considered as a safe country of origin.
The use of COI in asylum decisions is also required by the Article 4 (3) (a) of the Recast

Qualification Directive as well as by the Article 8 (2) (b) of the Recast Procedures Directive.
The Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, preamble, para. 42.
Supra nota 148, p. 45.
320
Directive 2013/32/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on common
procedures for granting and withdrawing international protection, para 40 of the preamble.
321
Ibid., Article 40.
322
Hunt, M. (2014). The safe country of origin concept in European asylum law: Past, present and
future. International Journal of Refugee Law, 26(4), pp. 500-535, p. 502.
323
Ibid., p. 502.
324
Supra nota 186, p. 2.
325
Supra nota 62, p. 11.
318
319

57

According to the Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (3) (a): “all relevant facts as they

relate to the country of origin at the time of taking the decision on the application, including
laws and regulations of the country of origin and the manner in which they are applied”.

Article 8 (2) (b) of the Recast Procedures Directive includes the same provision. However,

there are also strong limitations to COI. It shall be kept in mind, that it is impossible for the
COI to reflect the whole reality in the countries of origin, as the vast majority of facts and
events remain unreported even today.326 Therefore, asylum authorities should be critical
when relying on the COI. The UNHCR has also noted the following:

“No documentary proof as such is required in order for the authorities to recognize a refugee

claim, however, information on practices in the country of origin may support a particular case.
It is important to recognize that in relation to gender-related claims, the usual types of evidence
used in other refugee claims may not be considered as readily available. Statistical data or

reports on the incidence of sexual violence may not be available, due to under-reporting of
cases, or lack of prosecution. Alternative forms of information might assist, such as the

testimonies of other women similarly situated in written reports or oral testimony, of nongovernmental or international organizations or other independent research.”327

In the assessment of country of origin information and when deciding whether the country of
origin is in fact a safe country of origin, evaluating the existence of State protection is also

necessary. As noted above by the UNHCR, there might not be any data available on sexual

violence, due to the fact that there is lack of procedure or the cases have not been reported. In
Malta, Hungary, Sweden, the UK and Spain, there have been cases where a lack of

information on gender-related persecution has been regarded as a lack of persecution in a

certain country.328 For example in Malta, there have been a number of cases concerning FGM
where the lack of specific information regarding the practice has been interpreted as absence
of persecution.329

Supra nota 61, p. 11.
Supra nota 129, para 37.
328
Supra nota 47, p. 71.
329
Supra nota 47, p. 71.
326
327

58

4.5.

Other procedural issues regarding FGM as grounds for international
protection

Another problematic factor regarding applying for an asylum on the grounds of FGM in the

EU is the fact, that despite the UNHCR’s guidelines, women are still often being interviewed
by male immigration officers, which makes it more unlikely that they will address that they

have undergone FGM, due to the fact that in many cases, perpetrators of sexual violence are
men.330 However, even if the interviewers were female, it is highly unlikely that asylum

seekers trust them enough to reveal such information due to the fear of that information being
disclosed to her community.331 All countries of the European Union provide female asylum

interviewers if so requested.332 However, according to a study concluded in nine EU Member
States (Sweden, Malta, Belgium, only Sweden, Belgium and UK systematically ask women
for their preference.333 Furthermore, female asylum seekers are often put into a position

where they have to either withold the information or disclose it in front of their children, as

daycare is only provided during asylum interviews in Belgium and the UK.334 Therefore, in
order for women to have a fair examination of their asylum claims, all EU Member States

should be able to offer female interviewers as well as to provide day care for children during
asylum interviews. In addition, training for officials who interview and make decisions on

gender-related asylum claims is compulsory only in Malta, Belgium and the UK. 335 Ad hoc
non-compulsory training is organised by national authorities in Italy, France, Spain and
Sweden.336

The lack of harmonized, gender-sensitive EU-wide guidelines for addressing asylum claims
involving FGM leads to inequality between asylum seekers, depending on where in the EU
they seek asylum. Furthermore, the fact that some EU Member States can have carefully

implemented the provisions laid down in the Recast Reception Conditions Directive, Recast
Qualifications Directive and the Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, whereas others have
not or have done it poorly or in an inconsistent manner also creates inequality. Thus, the

Supra nota 14, p. 109.
Ibid. p. 109.
332
Supra nota 52, p. 9.
333
Ibid., p. 9.
334
Ibid., p. 9.
335
Supra nota 52, p. 106.
336
Ibid.
330
331

59

treatment of FGM victims as well as the outcome of asylum cases on the grounds of FGM
vary greatly between the Member States of the Union.

Furthermore, it is problematic that many EU Member States lack of data of how many
asylum claims relate to FGM.337 Nevertheless, according to a study concluded by the

UNHCR, there is a great variety of FGM-related claims that EU Member States have

received.338 These claims entail women and men activists persecuted for their commitment to
end FGM in their countries of origin, girls and women who seek protection from FGM. 339

These applicants either came straight from countries where FGM is practiced or they have

lived most of their lives in EU, but now would face return to their home counties. 340 Another
group is women and girls who have already been mutilated, but seek protection from reexcision or infibulation, defibulation or reinfibulation upon childbirth or marriage.341

In addition, asylum claims lodged on the grounds of FGM also include women and girls who
suffer from a continuous form of harm and/or have reasons to seek protection from past
persecution, as well as parents who are seeking international protection to protect their

daughters.342 Asylum applicants can also be women who refused to become cutters but are

under pressure of their families and communities in their countries of origin, or women who
have been subjected to FGM, but have gone through reconstructive surgeries (often in the

EU) and fear of being cut again if being returned back to their home countries. 343 The author
argues, that when developing a legislative framework on a EU level on how to asylum cases
decide FGM-related asylum claims, all these groups of people introduced above should be

recognized. Currently, FGM-related asylum claims and the information on FGM as grounds
for asylum largely focuses on those applicants who are in a risk of being subjected to FGM.
It shall also be noted, that since March 2016, when EU and Turkey signed an agreement to

stem the flow of international migration from Turkey, the number of asylum seekers trying to
enter the EU across the Mediterranean has reduced significantly, with a result that many

Supra nota 24, p. 33. [Accessed 1 March 2020].
Ibid., p. 33.
339
Ibid., p. 33.
340
Ibid., p. 33.
341
Ibid., p. 33.
342
Ibid., p. 33.
343
Ibid., p. 33.
337
338

60

women and girls have been left stranded in Greek islands.344 Even though these women and
girls would in the end make it to the EU to apply for international protection, they will face

gaps in the protection and some of them will have to wait for years in unsafe accommodation
centers while their claims are being processed. Now in 2020, these women and girls in the

overcrowded and poor sanitary conditions in the refugee camps on the Greek islands will be

in even more fragile situation, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.345 According to the estimates
of the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) due to the COVID-19 pandemic, meeting
the sustainable development Goals (SDGs), such as eliminating FGM by 2030, will be

disrupted and an estimated two million cases will need to be averted.346 In addition, the fact
that schools are now closed during the pandemic means that more girls are now being

subjected to FGM, as there will be time to heal the wounds and therefore girls and the

violation is more likely to remain undetected.347 In addition, temporary travel bans can make

it impossible for girls and women to flee and escape from FGM. 348 Arguably, during this time
and after the pandemic has passed, more female asylum seekers will arrive in EU Member

States to seek international protection. Thus, the author argues that this time should be used
for reforming the CEAS by concluding binding legal guidelines on how to address FGMrelated claims for international protection within the European Union, in order to ensure

adequate level of protection of human rights of both past victims and those in a risk of being
subjected to FGM, as well as to ensure the actualization of the principle of non-refoulement
across the Union.

Supra nota 97, p. 7.
European Parliament: COVID-19 in refugee camps in Greece. Parliamentary questions, 16 March 2020.
Accessible: https://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/E-9-2020-001647_EN.html. [Accessed 5 May
2020].
346
UNFPA-UNICEF Joint Programme on the Elimination of Female Genital Mutilation: Accelerating Change.
COVID-19 Disrupting SDG 5.3: Eliminating female genital mutilation. Technical note, April 2020.
347
End FGM, European Network. COVID-19 and FGM: An End FGM EU Survey on the pandemic impact on
women, girls and organisations. 29 May 2020. Accessible: https://www.endfgm.eu/news-en-events/news/covid19-and-fgm-an-end-fgm-eu-survey-on-the-pandemic-impact-on-women-girls-and-organisations/. [Accessed 6
June 2020].
348
This, however, can also lead to some positive changes to the situation, as due to the temporary travel bans it
is currently not possible to send girls away from EU to subject to the practice FGM abroad.
344
345

61

5. CONCLUSIONS
FGM is a deeply-routed tradition that amounts to gender-based violence and constitutes

forms of ill-treatment and it has also been argued to amount to torture. FGM is a harmful and
discriminatory practice towards women, which furthers the inequality between men and

women, as well as disproportionately affects the human rights of a woman or a girl-child.
FGM is a gender-specific or child-specific form of persecution, which can generally be

linked to all grounds of the 1951 Refugee Convention, but is most commonly linked to the

“membership of a particular social group” (PSG) - ground. The fact that there is a complete
lack of gender perspective in the 1951 Refugee Convention, which is the cornerstone for

asylum decision-making in the EU, means that the Convention should be interpreted in a
gender-sensitive manner, meaning that gender-based forms of persecution, such as FGM

should be recognized to fall under the PSG-ground of the Convention by all Member States
of the Union. This includes both past and future persecution.

Despite the legal framework on an international and EU level, which on a certain level

provides protection for victims of FGM and those who have fled their home countries in

order to avoid FGM or to protect their children from the practice, asylum seekers face issues
in establishing that they in fact have a well-founded fear of persecution and thus cannot

return their countries of origin. There are no legal framework directly applicable to FGM as
grounds for international protection in the EU. However, FGM-related claims should be

assessed in the same manner in all countries of the European Union, due to the fact that they
all belong to the CEAS and are thus obligated to ratify and implement the Recast Reception

Conditions Directive, the Recast Qualification Directive, and the Recast Asylum Procedures
Directive into their national legislations. Furthermore, the Member States of the Union are

obligated to respect the principle of non-refoulement, which However, these Directives and
their content is currently not implemented in a same, coherent manner by all EU Member
States.

Nevertheless, in practice the procedures and practices in fact vary greatly between the

Member States and there is a lack of a harmonized procedure on how to address FGM-related
claims for international protection. The lack of harmonized, gender-sensitive guidelines for
addressing FGM-related claims for international protection, as well as a lack or inadequate
implementation of the Recast Qualification directive, the Recast Asylum Procedures

62

Directive and the Recast Reception Conditions Directive by all Member States of the Union

leads to inequality between asylum seekers depending on which EU Member State they seek
asylum. Due to a lack of binding EU-wide gender guidelines on asylum, reception and
refugee status, gender-sensitivity varies between EU Member States’ asylum systems,

depending on local legislation, practice, associated guidelines and training of the competent
asylum authorities. Thus, the outcome of the asylum procedure and the treatment of victims
of FGM can in fact be very different depending on where in the EU the applicant is seeking
international protection.

Although the Recast Qualification Directive recognizes FGM directly as an example of the
membership of a particular group (PSG) - persecution ground, it fails to recognize both

victims and those in a risk of being subjected to FGM to belong to the PSG. In addition, in
order to be granted refugee status, the applicant must also establish that her fear to be

persecuted is well-founded. FGM should be recognized as a continuing form of harm, as the
procedure very rarely is a “one-time” act. Instead, women and girls are subjected to other

forms of FGM, such as reinfibulation, which is also a discriminatory and harmful practice. In

addition, performing FGM often causes lifelong consequences, due to which it can be argued,
that in some cases, merely the past persecution should be seen a ground for asylum. The
severity of persecution should also be taken into account, as is some cases, returning the
claimant back to the place in which the persecution took place might subject her to

psychological distress amounting to the same severity as the persecution suffered in the past.
In addition, when assessing claims for international protection, which involve persecution

targeted at a child, the fact that the child might not be able to express fear, or may be unable
to understand the harm caused by performing FGM349, her fear should still be considered as

well-founded and this cannot be considered as a factor determining the outcome of her claim
for international protection as inadmissible. Another problematic factor is, that Courts often

interpret the fact, that the woman who has left her country of origin to travel to EU to protect
her girl-child from FGM is ‘strong and independent’ enough to continue protecting her child
in the applicant’s country of origin and therefore they are not in the need of international
protection. However, UNHCR suggests to interpret this strenght and independency in an

Nota bene: this implies to the fact that there can be unawareness of the harm the procedure of FGM and its
initial consequences it often causes, children can even be ”looking forward” for this tradition; in some cases it is
also a rite in which the girl-child is given gifts and attention.
349

63

opposite manner, as an inability to resist the social pressure. Moreover, the rights of the child
should not be considered dependable on the mother’s ability to resist family or social

pressure. Thus, Member States of the Union should develop a system under which the claims
of victims or possible victims of FGM would be addressed in a gender-sensitive manner,
taking into acount the vulnerability of women and especially minor girls.

Despite of the fact that European Union has recently made alterations to the CEAS by

including numerous provisions which are aimed to assist asylum-seeking girls and women to
overcome the difficulties they face, there is still a lack of EU-wide rules for gender-specific
persecution, which generally means that the actual treatment of asylum seekers largely

depends on the national implementation of these CEAS provisions and the practices adopted

by the local authorities. Furthermore, there is no consistent interpretation among EU Member
States regarding the key requirements of the Refugee Convention. Therefore, EU Member

States should agree to a common definition of gender-based persecution and recognize FGM
as a form of gender-based or child-specific persecution. The lack of data is also an issue

which the Member States should tackle by building up a transparent system under which data
on the grounds on which asylum claims have been accepted and which are not. In case the
woman or a girl cannot be granted an the status of a refugee, the possibility for granting
subsidiary protection shall be examined.

Furthermore, when asssessing FGM-related claims, the risk for future persecution should also
be taken into account. EU Member States should not make negative asylum decisions on the
grounds that the applicant has already been subjected to FGM and is assume she is thus no
longer in the need of international protection. An example of good practice is given by

Sweden, where individual risk-assessment is made in order to establish, whether the applicant
is a risk of being subjected to reinfibulation if being returned back to her country of origin.

All countries of the EU should establish, that the persecution the applicant has suffered in her
past will not be repeated in the future. The fact, that in some cases returning the claimant
back to the place in which the persecution took place might subject her to psychological

distress amounting to the same severity as the persecution suffered in the past. In addition,

the absence of past persecution should not automatically be interpreted as a guarantee that no
future persecution can occur.

64

In FGM-related asylum claims across the EU, Courts have often held, that the applicant is not
in a need of international protection, as there is a possibility for internal relocation or internal
flight alternative alternative in her country of origin. However, IRA/IFA should not be used
without substantial grounds and careful examination of the relevant facts of each individual
application. In many cases, female asylum seekers come from societies where they do not
have power or a possibility for a safe relocation, due to the fact that agents of persecution

(who are often the applicant’s family members or relatives) can reach her, or she must rely on
them in order to cope financially upon return, for example.

Another problematic issue is, that Courts, even the ECtHR has in some cases held, that there
is a possibility for the applicant to internal protection, due to the fact that FGM is prohibited

by law in the applicant’s country of origin. However, merely the fact that FGM is prohibited
by law should not be a decisive element for denying international protection, as in for

example, many African countries have prohibited FGM in their national legislations and yet
the practice of FGM still exists widely and strongly, as FGM is often performed in secret.

Therefore, a legal prohibition of FGM should not be considered as a sufficient element for
concluding that State protection actually exists. In order for state protection to exist, there
needs to be genuine and active efforts done by the State for eliminating FGM, including

appropriate prevention activities and systematic and actual prosecutions and punishments for

performing FGM. Furthermore, IRA/IFA should only be used when a reasonableness analysis
has conducted for establishing, that the applicant can be expected to live a ‘relatively normal

life without facing undue hardship’. Furthermore, EU Member States should not rely entirely
on the country of origin information when establishing the safe country of origin. This thesis
has illustrated the most evident legal challenges faced by applicants seeking international

protection from the EU on the grounds of FGM. Based on the illustrated legal problems and
legislative gaps, a conclusion can be drawn, that legislative developments and further

research are very much needed to build a coherent EU-wide system to address claims for
international protection involving FGM.

65

BIBLIOGRAPHY
MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES
Bailliet, C. M. (2012). Persecution in the Home–Applying the Due Diligence Standard to Harmful
Traditional Practices within Human Rights and Refugee Law. Nordic Journal of Human
Rights, 30(01). pp. 36-62.

Binder, A. (2001). Gender and the Membership in Particular Social Group Category of the 1951
Refugee Convention. Columbia Journal of Gender and Law, 10(2). pp. 167-194.

Blöndal, E. K., & Arnardóttir, O. M. (2018). Non-Refoulement in Strasbourg: Making Sense of the
Assessment of Individual Circumstances. Oslo Law Review, 5(03). pp. 147-174.

Coello, I. (1999). Female Genital Mutilation: Marked by Tradition. Cardozo J. Int'l & Comp. L., 7,
pp. 213-226.

Douglais-Scott, S. (2011). The European Union and the Human Rights after the Treaty of Lisbon.
Human Rights Law Review 11 (4). pp. 645-682, p. 645.

Drudy, A. (2006). Credibility Assessments and Victims of Female Genital Mutilation: A ReEvaluation of the Refugee Determination Process. ISLR, 14, pp. 84-116.

Harivandi, Z. E. (2009). Invisible and involuntary: female genital mutilation as a basis for asylum.
Cornell L. Rev., 95, pp. 599-626.

Hunt, M. (2014). The safe country of origin concept in European asylum law: Past, present and
future. International Journal of Refugee Law, 26(4), pp. 500-535.

Kail, G. (2018). Access to justice: Accelerating the abandonment of fgm/c. Cardozo Journal of
Conflict Resolution, 19(3), pp. 759-782.

Kneif, A. (2006). Gender bias in asylum law: recognizing persecution against women and
girls. Women Law. J., 92. pp. 19-33.

1

Kounelias, S. (2008). Asylum and Female Genital Mutilation: Membership in a Particular Social
Group Inadequately Protecting Persecuted Women. Scholar, 11. pp. 577-618.

Marx, R. (2002). The Criteria of Applying the “Internal Flight Alternative” Test in National

Refugee Status Determination Procedures. International Journal of Refugee Law, 14 (2&3). pp.
179-218.

Rhodes, J. (2018). The Membership of Particular Social Group: Forging a Space for Victims of
Female Genital Mutilation. King's Student Law Review, 9(1), pp. 1-16.

Siddiqui, S. (2010). Membership in Particular Social Group: All Approaches Open Doors for
Women to Qualify. Arizona Law Review, 52(2). pp. 505-532.

Sinnott, C. (2006). The Development of Refugee and Asylum Law in the European Union –
Hibernian Law Journal 6 (278), pp. 287-314.

Wheeler, P. (2004). Eliminating FGM: The role of the law. International Journal of Children's
Rights, 11(3), pp. 257-272.

TREATIES AND STATUTES
1951

United Nations Convention on the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 28 July 1951, UN
Treaty Series vol. 189, 137.

1966

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, concluded 16 December 1966,
entered into force 23 March 1976, 999 UNTS 171.

1984

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment concluded 10 December 1984, entry into force 26 June 1987, 1465 UNTS
85.

1989

Convention on the Rights of the Child, concluded 20 November 1989, entered into
force 2 September 1990, 1577 UNTS 3.

2011

Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combatting Violence Against
Women and Domestic Violence. Council of Europe Treaty series – No. 210.

1966

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, concluded 16
December 1966, entered into force 3 January 1976.

1950

European Convention on Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, opened for
signature 4 November 1950, entered into force 3 September 1953.

EU legislation and cases
2001

Consolidated version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union

published 7 June 2016, OJ C 202/47-202/388. Council Directive 2001/55/EC of 20
July

2016

Consolidated version of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union

2016

Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union published 7 June 2016, OJ C

2011

Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 December

published 7 June 2016, OJ C 202/47-202/388.

202/389-202/405.

2011 on standards for the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons
as beneficiaries of international protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for

persons eligible for subsidiary protection, and for the content of the protection granted
(recast), published 20 December 2011, OJ L 337/9-337/27.
2013

Directive 2013/32/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013

on common procedures for granting and withdrawing international protection (recast),
published 29 June 2013, OJ L 180/60-180/95.

2003

Council Regulation (EC) No 343/2003 of 18 February 2003 establishing the criteria
and mechanisms for determining the Member State responsible for examining an

asylum application lodged in one of the Member States by a third-country national

2016

European Commission proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the
Council: Establishing a common procedure for international protection in the Union
and repealing Directive 2013/32/EU.

2013

Regulation (EU) No 603/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26
June 2013 on the establishment of ‘EURODAC’ for the comparison of fingerprints for
the effective application of Regulation (EU) No 604/2013 establishing the criteria and
mechanisms for determining the Member State responsible for examining an

application for international protection lodged in one of the Member States by a thirdcountry national or a stateless person and on requests for the comparison of

EURODAC data by Member States’ law enforcement authorities and Europol for law
enforcement authorities purposes, and amending Regulation (EU) No 1077/2011

establishing a European Agency for the operational management of large-scale IT
systems in the area of freedom, security and justice.
2013

Regulation (EU) No 604/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26

June 2013 establishing the criteria and mechanisms for determining the Member State
responsible for examining an application for international protection lodged in one of
the Member States by a third-country national or a stateless person.

INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW

European Court of Human Rights
2007

Collins and Akaziebie v. Sweden, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8

2011

Izevbekhai v. Ireland, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 17 May 2011,

2011

Omeredo v. Austria, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 20 September

March 2007, Application no. 23944/05.

Application no. 43408/08.

2011, Application no. 8969/10.

2016

Sow v. Belgium, European Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 19 January 2016,
Application no. 27081/13.

UN Committee on the Rights of the Child
2018

I.A.M. (on behalf of K.Y.M.) v Denmark, communication No. 3/2016,

CRC/C/77/D/3/2016, UN Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC), 25 January

2018. Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/cases,CRC,5a7dd3284.html. [Accessed
24 May 2020].

NATIONAL CASE LAW

Finland

KHO: 2019:93. Accessible:

https://www.kho.fi/fi/index/paatoksia/vuosikirjapaatokset/vuosikirjapaatos/1563250458212.html

France

Miss E v. France. France – CNDA, 21 October 2017, Mme E., no 16029780. Accessible:

https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/case-law/france-–-cnda-21-october-2017-mme-e-nº16029780#content. [Accessed 24 November 2019].

Italy

Cagliari Court, 3 April 2013, No. RG 8192/2012. Accessible:

https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/case-law/italy-cagliari-court-3-april-2013-no-rg-81922012

Sweden

The Migration Court of Appeal, 12 October 2012, UM 1173-12, MIG 2012:12. Accessible:

https://www.asylumlawdatabase.eu/en/case-law/sweden-migration-court-appeal-12-october-2012um-1173-12-mig-201212].
United Kingdom

CM (Kenya) v Secretary of State for the Home Department [2007] EWCA Civ 312 (13 February
2007). Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/cases,GBR_CA_CIV,4833f6ba2.html

BOOKS
Bauloz, C., Ineli-Ciger, M., Singer, S. & Stoyanova V. “Introducing the Second Phase of the

Common European Asylum System.” In Bauloz, C., Ineli-Ciger, M., Singer, S. & Stoyanova V.
(Eds) Seeking Asylum in the European Union. (2015). Volume 4. Brill Nijhoff. Leiden: The
Netherlands. p. 1.

Council of Europe. (2013). Council of Europe Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence
Against Women and Domestic Violence: A Tool to End Female Genital Mutilation. Council of
Europe.

Council of Europe. (2019). Gender-based Asylum Claims and Non-refoulement: Articles 60 and 61
of the Istanbul Convention – A collection of papers on the Council of Europe Convention on

preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence. Prepared by Louise

Hooper, Barrister, Garden Court Chambers, United Kingdom. Published by Council of Europe.
Strasbourg, France.

Craig, P. & De Búrga, G. (Eds.). (2011). EU law: Text, cases and materials. 6th Edition. New
York, the United States: Oxford University press.

European Asylum Support Office (EASO). (2018). EASO Practical Guide: Qualification for

International Protection. EASO Practical Guides Series. Luxembourg: Publications Office of the
European Union.

European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA). (2018). Handbook: Applying the Charter
of Fundamental Rights of the European Union in law and policymaking at national level.
Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union.

G. Gyulai, M., Hardi, E., Herlihy, S., Kagan, J. Turner, L. & Udvarhelyi, E. (2013). Credibility
Assessment in Asylum Procedures: A multidisciplinary Training Manual. Hungarian Helsinki
Committee., p. 7. Accessible: https://www.refworld.org/docid/5253bd9a4.html.

Klemetti, R. & Koukkula, M. (2019). Tyttöjen ja naisten sukuelinten silpomisen (FGM) estämisen
toimintaohjelma. Helsinki: Sosiaali- ja terveysministeriö 2019. Accessible:
http://julkaisut.valtioneuvosto.fi/handle/10024/161355.

Nathwani, N. (2003). Rethinking Refugee Law. Martinus Nijhoff Publishers. Boston,
Massachusetts.

Meredith, C. &. Mole, N. (2010). Asylum and the European Convention on Human Rights. Human
rights files, No. 9. Council of Europe Publishing. Strasbourg, France.

Perruchoud, R. & Redpath-Cross, J. (Eds.) (2011). Glossary on Migration. 2nd Edition. International
Organization for Migration (IOM). Geneva, Switzerland.

Querton, C., Cheikh Ali, H. & Soulard, E. (2012). Gender Related Asylum Claims in Europe: a
Comparative Analysis of Law, Policies and Practice Focusing on Women in Nine EU Member

States: France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
European Parliament, Directorate-General for Internal Policies of the Union, Policy Department C:
Citizens’ Rights and Constitutional Affairs.
OTHER DOCUMENTS
Asylum Information Database (AIDA). “Safe countries of origin”: A safe concept? AIDA Legal
Briefing No. 3, September 2015. European Council on Refugees and Exiles (ECRE).

European Commission, COM (2016) 197 Final. Communication from the Commission to the

European Parliament and the Council – Towards a reform of the Common European Asylum
System and enhancing legal avenues to Europe. Brussels, 6 April 2016. p. 20.

European Migration Network (EMN). (2017). EMN Ad-Hoc Query on Type of International

Protection Status for Victims of FGM. Requested by CY EMN NCP on 19th May 2017. Responses

from Austria, Belgium, Malta, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary,
Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Slovak Republic,
Slovenia, Sweden, United Kingdom and Norway.

Cecilia Malmström, former Commissioner of Home Affairs in European Commission’s publication
“A Common European Asylum System”. Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union,
2014.

Joint General Comment No. 3 (2017) of the Committee on the Protection of the Rights of All

Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families and No. 22 (2017) of the Committee on the

Rights of the Child on the general principles regarding the human rights of children in the context
of international migration.

United Nations General Assembly (2016). Report of the Special Rapporteur on torture and other
cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, Juan E. Mendez. Human Rights Council,

Twenty-second session, Agenda item 3: Promotion on protection of all human rights, civil, political,
economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to development. A/HCR/22/53.

United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
(CEDAW). UN Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination Against Women, General

recommendation No. 32 on the gender-related dimensions of refugee status, asylum, nationality and
statelessness of women, 14 November 2014, CEDAW/C/GC/32.

UNFPA-UNICEF Joint Programme on the Elimination of Female Genital Mutilation: Accelerating
Change. COVID-19 Disrupting SDG 5.3: Eliminating female genital mutilation. Technical note,
April 2020.

United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). (2013). Too much pain. Female
genital mutilation and asylum in the European Union: A Statistical Overview. Accessible:

https://www.unhcr.org/protection/women/531880249/pain-female-genital-mutilation-asylumeuropean-union-statistical-overview.html.

United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). (2013). Beyond Proof – Credibility

Assessment in EU Asylum Systems. European Refugee Fund of the European Commission. Brussels,

Belgium. Published by United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Brussels, Belgium.

Accessible: https://www.unhcr.org/protection/operations/51a8a08a9/full-report-beyond-proofcredibility-assessment-eu-asylum-systems.html.

United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). Mandate of the High Commissioner
for Refugees and His Office – Executive Summary.

UNICEF, Unite for Children. Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting: A statistical overview and
exploration of the dynamics of change. July 2013. Accessible:
https://www.unicef.org/publications/index_69875.html

UNHCR Guidelines on international protection: “Internal Flight or Relocation Alternative” within
the Context of Article 1 A (2) of the 1951 Convention and/or 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of
Refugees.

UNHCR The UN Refugee Agency. Guidelines on International Protection: Child Asylum Claims

Under Articles 1 A (2) and 1 (F) of the 1951 Convention and/or 1967 Protocol relating to the Status
of Refugees, HCR/GIP/09/08. 22 December 2009, para 31.

UNHCR Guidelines on International Protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of
Article 1 A 2 of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees.
May 2002. (UNHCR Gender Guidelines 2002).
INTERNET SOURCES
European Parliament: COVID-19 in Refugee Camps in Greece. Parliamentary questions, 16 March
2020. Accessible: https://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/E-9-2020-001647_EN.html.
European Parliament. Zero tolerance for female genital mutilation. Accessible:

https://www.europarl.europa.eu/RegData/etudes/ATAG/2017/595916/EPRS_ATA%282017%2959
5916_EN.pdf.

Finnish Immigration Service’s Webpage, information on quota refugees. (Accessible:
https://migri.fi/en/quota-refugees).

Council of Europe Portal: Chart of signatures and ratifications of Treaty 210, Council of Europe
Convention on Preventing and Combating Violence Against Women and Domestic Violence.

Accessible: https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list/-/conventions/treaty/210/signatures
Liuska, S. (2016). Female genital mutilation: Putting human rights at the core of Europe’s asylum

system. End FGM European Network. Accessible: https://www.euractiv.com/section/development-

policy/opinion/tues-female-genital-mutilation-putting-human-rights-at-the-core-of-europes-asylumsystem/.

News article in the website of the Finnish League for Human Rights: Female genital mutilation can
be a ground for an asylum. (2017). Accessible: https://ihmisoikeusliitto.fi/tyttojen-sukuelintensilpominen-voi-olla-turvapaikkaperuste/.

Mäntynen, M. (2018) Undocumented Migrants’ Right to Health Care in Finland, Bachelor Thesis.
Tallinn University of Technology. Accessible: https://digikogu.taltech.ee/et/Item/8e2fda79-ee64463a-80fb-da4ed1291575.

Thomson Reuters Foundation. 28 Too Many: FGM…let’s end it. Ethiopia: The Law and FGM. July
2018. Accessible:

https://www.28toomany.org/static/media/uploads/Law%20Reports/ethiopia_law_report_(july_2018
).pdf.

Thomson Reuters Foundation. 28 Too Many: FGM… let’s end it. Egypt: The Law and FGM. June
2018. Accessible:

https://www.28toomany.org/static/media/uploads/Law%20Reports/egypt_law_report_v1_(june_20
18).pdf.

World Health Organization (WHO). Sexual and reproductive health: Female genital mutilation.
(FGM) Accessible: https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/topics/fgm/prevalence/en/.

World Health Organization (WHO), Department of Reproductive Health and Research. (2008).
Eliminating Female Genital Mutilation: an interagency statement - OHCHR, UNAIDS, UNDP,
UNECA, UNESCO, UNFPA, UNHCR, UNICEF, UNIFEM, WHO. Accessible:
https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/publications/fgm/9789241596442/en/

World Health Organization’s website. Female genital mutilation: Prevalence of FGM. Accessible:
https://www.who.int/reproductivehealth/topics/fgm/prevalence/en/.

