Hostile attribution bias and psychological distress as
predictors of relationship (dis)satisfaction

Jannik Andelin
Master’s Thesis in Psychology
Supervisors: Ada Johansson,
Patrick Jern
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and
Theology
Åbo Akademi University
2019

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Abstract
Abstract in Swedish
Acknowledgements

Introduction.................................................................................................. 1
Attributional patterns and relationships satisfaction............................................. 3
Hostile attribution bias.......................................................................................... 5
Hypotheses and purpose of study ......................................................................... 7

Method .......................................................................................................... 8
Participants ........................................................................................................... 8
Measures............................................................................................................... 9
Hostile attribution bias ..................................................................................... 9
Relationship satisfaction................................................................................... 9
Psychological distress ..................................................................................... 10
Relationship status ......................................................................................... 10
Statistical analyses .............................................................................................. 10

Results ......................................................................................................... 11
Descriptive statistics ........................................................................................... 11
Associations between relationship satisfaction, hostile attribution bias and
psychological distress ......................................................................................... 13
Cross-sectional associations ........................................................................... 13
Longitudinal associations ............................................................................... 14

Discussion.................................................................................................... 15
Strengths and Limitations ................................................................................... 19
Conclusions ........................................................................................................ 21

Summary in Swedish ................................................................................. 22
References ................................................................................................... 29
Appendix ..................................................................................................... 37

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY
AND THEOLOGY
Subject: Psychology
Author: Jannik Andelin
Title: Hostile attribution bias and psychological distress as a predictor of
relationship (dis)satisfaction
Supervisors: Ada Johansson
Abstract:
Relationship satisfaction is a central component of general life satisfaction and
therefore understanding what factors affect it, either positively or negatively, is
important. Past studies have suggested that cognitive factors, particularly certain
attribution patterns, are useful predictors of relationship dissatisfaction. Another
risk factor for relationship dissatisfaction also associated with attributional biases
is psychological distress. Past studies on relationship satisfaction have mainly
explored relationship-specific attribution patterns however, leaving it unclear
whether general patterns are relevant as well. Hostile attribution bias (HAB) is a
general cognitive bias characterized by a tendency to misinterpret other’s motives
as hostile. The aim of this study was, therefore, to explore the cross-sectional and
longitudinal associations (within a 5-year time span) between HAB, psychological
distress, and relationship dissatisfaction. Two path analysis models were created to
explore these associations, one cross-sectional (N = 2175) and one longitudinal (n
= 711), with both samples taken from a population-based sample of Finnish
female twins and their sisters. HAB was shown to have cross-sectional
associations with relationship dissatisfaction and with psychological distress. HAB
also predicted relationship dissatisfaction and psychological distress 5 years later.
No association between HAB and relationship termination was found, suggesting
termination may be caused by other factors. Finally, even though psychological
distress and relationship satisfaction were correlated cross-sectionally,
psychological distress did not predict later relationship satisfaction or vice versa,
which contradicts past findings. The findings indicate that even general (not
relationship-specific) hostile attribution processes are relevant in understanding
relationship satisfaction, which could have implications for couple therapy
practices.
Keywords: Hostile attribution bias, relationship satisfaction, psychological
distress, longitudinal associations, social information processing, anxiety,
depression
Date: 27.5.2020
Page count: 43
Level: Master’s Thesis

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA,
PSYKOLOGI OCH TEOLOGI
Ämne: Psykologi
Författare: Jannik Andelin
Avhandlingens titel: Fientlig attributionsbias och psykisk ohälsa som prediktorer
för tillfredställelse med parförhållande
Handledare: Ada Johansson
Abstrakt:
Tillfredställelse med parförhållande är en viktig komponent av allmän
livstillfredställelse och därmed är det viktigt att förstå vilka faktorer som påverkar
det. Tidigare forskning har tytt på att kognitiva faktorer, särskilt vissa
attributionsmönster, kunde vara användbara prediktorer av tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet. En annan riskfaktor för låg tillfredställelse med parförållandet är
psykisk ohälsa. Tidigare studier har huvudsakligen utforskat hur
parförhållandespecifika attributionsmönster påverkar förhållandet, vilket har
lämnat det oklart huruvida allmänna attributionsmönster också är relevanta.
Fientlig attributionsbias (HAB) är en kognitiv bias som kännetecknas av en
tendens att tolka andras motiv som hotande. Syftet med denna studie var att
utforska det tvärsnittliga och longitudinella associationerna (inom ett femårs span)
mellan HAB, tillfredställelse med parförhållandet och psykisk ohälsa. Två
stiganalysmodeller skapades för att utforska dessa associationer, en tvärsnittlig
modell (N=2175) och en longitudinell modell (n=711). Båda samplen togs från en
populationsbaserad studie om finska kvinnliga tvillingar och deras systrar. HAB
visade sig ha tvärsnittliga associationer med både tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet och psykisk ohälsa. HAB predicerade även tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet och psykisk ohälsa fem år senare. Samband mellan HAB och
upphörande av parförhållandet hittades inte, vilket tyder på att det orsakas av
andra faktorer. Avslutningsvis predicerade psykisk ohälsa inte longitudinellt
tillfredställelse eller vice versa, trots att de hade ett tvärsnittligt samband, vilket
bestrider tidigare studiers resultat. Dessa fynd typer på att även allmänna (inte
förhållandespecifika) fientliga attributionsprocesser är relevanta för att förstå
tillfredställelse med parförhållandet, vilket har implikationer för praxis inom
parterapier.

Nyckelord: Fientlig attributionsbias, tillfredställelse med parförhållande, psykisk
ohälsa, longitudinella associationer, social informationsprocesseringsteori, ångest,
depression
Datum: 27.5.2020
Sidantal: 43
Nivå: Magisteravhandling

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

In Turku, May 2020
First and foremost, I would like to thank my supervisors Ada and Patrick for their fantastic
mentorship. Ada’s sharp eye for detail, kindness, and frankly astonishing patience with my
endless nitpicky questions have been one of the main reasons I was able to bring this thesis
anywhere beyond a working title. Patrick’s enthusiasm for the subject and humor were
greatly appreciated sources of motivation when I needed it the most. I would also like to
thank my amazing seminar group for being both a great source of insightful comments and
feedback, as well as an understanding emotional support group during the more strenuous
times. I would like to thank my friends and fellow students, for always inspiring me and
encouraging me to do my best, while also helping me take (mostly) necessary breaks in our
coffee room. In particular, I would like to thank my dear friends Johannes Nylund and
Martin Lagerström for helping me feel less bad about my slow writing process by somehow
being even slower themselves. Finally, I would like to extend an especially warm thank-you
to my parents for their ever present love and support. Thanks for always being so kind and
understanding, mom. Thank you dad, for being an inspiration and for encouraging me to see
my work in a broader context, beyond the strictly academic world.

Jannik Andelin
Introduction

Interpersonal relationships play a vital role in shaping the quality of peoples’
lives and few do so more so than intimate relationships. People in intimate
relationships tend to report greater overall well-being than people who are not (Dush
& Amato, 2005; Kim & McKenry, 2002; Soons, Liefbroer & Kalmijn, 2009) and
high relationship satisfaction has been associated with benefits such as greater life
satisfaction (Carr, Freedman, Cornman & Schwarz, 2014; Proulx, Helms & Buehler,
2007), higher sexual satisfaction (McNulty, Wenner & Fisher 2016), health benefits
such as improved blood pressure and lowered risk of mortality (Holt-Lunstad,
Birmingham & Jones, 2008; Robles, Slatcher, Trombello & McGinn, 2014) as well
as greater resilience toward distress (Røsand, Slinning, Eberhard-Gran & Tambs,
2012).
However, not all are satisfied with their relationship. According to the 2008
National Survey of Married Couples (Olson, Olson-Sigg & Larson, 2008)
approximately 41% of couples report being unhappy with their marriage. In contrast
to the multiple benefits of high relationship satisfaction, low relationship satisfaction
has been associated with a number of negative outcomes, including lower life
satisfaction (Ruvolo, 1998), greater risk for depression (Hollist, Miller, Falceto &
Fernandes, 2007), higher levels of stress (Bodenmann, Ledermann & Bradbury,
2007; Randall & Bodenmann, 2009) and lower levels of overall health (Hawkins &
Booth, 2005). Because relationship satisfaction seems to be a significant factor in
determining a relationship’s effect on personal well-being, identifying factors that
predict relationship satisfaction has been an area of great interest within relationship
research.
Previous studies have identified a plethora of factors that predict both high and
low relationship satisfaction. Factors such as experience of trust (Anderson &
Emmers-Sommer, 2006; Atta, Adil, Shujja & Shakir, 2013), high sexual satisfaction
(Fallis, Rehman, Woody & Purdon, 2016) and physical affection (Jakubiak &
Feeney, 2017) have been found to be predictive of high relationship satisfaction. By
contrast, factors like low socioeconomic status (Dakin & Wampler, 2008; Maisel &
Karney, 2012), childhood maltreatment (DiLillo et al., 2009; Peterson, Peugh,
1

Jannik Andelin
Loucks & Shaffer, 2018) and lack of constructive communication in the relationship
(Trillingsgaard, Baucom & Heyman, 2014) are predictive of low relationships
satisfaction. Beyond these factors, psychological distress in the form of depression
and anxiety has been identified as having a corrosive effect on relationship
satisfaction (Caughlin, Huston & Houts, 2000; Kronmüller et al., 2011; Whisman,
Uebelacker & Weinstock, 2004). Depression has been found to have a longitudinal
bidirectional predictive association with relationship satisfaction, where higher levels
of depression are predictive of lower levels of relationship satisfaction at future
points and vice versa (Davila, Karney, Hall & Bradbury, 2003; Mamun et al.,
2009;Whisman & Uebelacker, 2009). Similar findings have been found for
neuroticism, a personality trait characterized by recurrent feelings of anxiety, where
higher levels of neuroticism have been associated with lower ratings of relationship
satisfaction in cross-sectional and longitudinal studies alike (Heidari & Latifnejad,
2010; Lavee & Ben-Ari, 2004; Malouff, Thorsteinsson, Schutte, Bhullar & Rooke,
2010; McLeod, 1994; Rogge, Bradbury, Hahlweg, Engl & Thurmaier, 2006). These
findings suggest that psychological distress plays an important role in understanding
relationship satisfaction, particularly when relationship satisfaction is low.
With these findings in mind, focus has increasingly shifted from pinpointing
predictive factors to understanding why these factors have predictive value. As
researchers have explored how certain factors, such as psychological distress, exert
their influence on relationship satisfaction, the role of cognitive processes has
become increasingly emphasized. For example, a study by Heene, Byusse and van
Oost (2005) found that attribution, the cognitive process of interpreting the causes
for actions and behaviors, mediated the negative effect of depression on relationship
satisfaction. In a similar vein, Finn, Mitte and Neyer (2013) found that a
relationship-specific interpretation bias mediated the negative effect of neuroticism
on relationship satisfaction. In addition, the tendency to overtly focus on negative or
threatening stimuli is a common characteristic of both anxiety and depression (Cisler
& Koster, 2010; Peckham, McHugh & Otto, 2010) and there is some evidence
suggesting that certain attributional patterns, such as attributing negative events to
oneself or interpreting the behavior of others as hostile in intent, is also associated
with higher levels of psychological distress (Ellison, Kouros, Papp & Cummings,
2016; Muris, Schmidt, Lambrichs, & Meesters, 2001; Smith, Summers, Dillon,
2

Jannik Andelin
Macatee & Cougle, 2016). In light of these findings, it could be hypothesized that
cognitive biases related to processing of social information, such as a tendency to
misinterpret relationship events in an overtly negative or hostile manner, would be
associated with both some of the predictive factors of relationship dissatisfaction
(such as psychological distress) as well as with relationship satisfaction itself. For
example, a spouse might interpret a partner being unusually quiet as a sign that they
are mad or upset, even if that is not the case. This misinterpretation of the partner’s
social cues might lead the spouse to react in a negative manner (e.g., get mad or sad
and withdrawn) which in turn might lower the spouse’s experienced satisfaction with
the relationship. Furthermore, the negative or hostile behavior caused by this
misinterpretation might lead the partner to also react in a negative or hostile manner,
potentially perpetuating a vicious cycle of misunderstanding that might lower both
parties’ satisfaction with the relationship. Considering this, further research into how
a person’s cognitive patterns affect his or her relationship satisfaction is warranted.
Attributional patterns and relationships satisfaction
One particular model that might be useful in the study of cognitive patterns
and relationship satisfaction is the Social Information Processing model (SIP, Crick
& Dodge, 1994), which proposes that interpersonal behavior is affected by a multistep processing of social cues and that maladaptive behaviors are a result of biased
processing of said cues. This process is theorized to occur in six steps, during which
a person encodes cues in a situation, interprets meaning from these cues, decides
what his/her goal in the situation is, contemplates different forms of response,
chooses one and enacts that response. Though originally created to explain the
interpretational and behavioral patterns of children, SIP has been shown to be a
useful model for explaining various maladaptive adult behaviors as well, particularly
ones pertaining to aggression (Bailey & Ostrov, 2008; Chen, Coccaro & Jacobson,
2012). The interpretation of social cues and information (i.e., attribution), has
consistently been identified as an important mechanism in the processing of social
information. While attribution as a process has mostly been studied in terms of its
connection to aggression within the SIP model, the manner in which people interpret
the social cues of others is one of the most extensively studied cognitive factors
related to relationship satisfaction.

3

Jannik Andelin
The connection between attributional patterns and relationship satisfaction was
first investigated by a number of studies conducted in the 1980s (see Bradbury &
Fincham, 1990 for a review) which found that the tendency to interpret a partner’s
behavior as more negative in intent was more common among spouses experiencing
marital distress than among spouses who were not. This connection was further
explored in a longitudinal study conducted by Fincham and Bradbury (1987), in
which hierarchical regression analyses were used to explore whether relationship
satisfaction and negative relationship-specific attributional patterns predicted one
another over the course of 10-12 months. The results of the study revealed that
attributional patterns did significantly predict later relationship satisfaction (though
only for women), while relationship satisfaction did not significantly predict later
attributional patterns. These results were replicated by a later study, also by Fincham
and Bradbury (1993), which further showed that this connection was not explained
by depression. Furthermore, this study clarified the specific attributional style that
was associated with marital distress as “maladaptive attribution”, in which a spouse
interprets a partner’s negative relational behaviors as intentional and characteristic of
said spouse (e.g. “She wouldn’t have sex with me because she’s trying to get back at
me for what I said at the party. Typical her.”), while positive relational behaviors are
seen as circumstantial and uncharacteristic of the spouse (e.g. “He only brought me
flowers because his friends are buying gifts for their wives”). The association
between this type of attributional style and relationship dissatisfaction has been
further supported by both cross-sectional studies (Graham & Conoley, 2006; Karney,
Bradbury, Fincham & Sullivan, 1994) and a longitudinal study (Fincham, Harold &
Garo-Phillips, 2000). Taken together, these studies suggest that certain attributional
patterns in a relationship can negatively influence an individual’s satisfaction with
said relationship.
However, while the results from previous research on attributional patterns and
relationship satisfaction are promising, there remain queries in the field that have
gone unexplored. Many of the abovementioned studies have relied on a measure
known as Relationship Attribution Measure (RAM, Fincham & Bradbury, 1992),
which measures attributional patterns by asking the participant to determine the most
likely explanation for a partner’s explicitly negative behavior (e.g. “your husband
criticizes something you say”). Because of this form of measurement, the RAM only
4

Jannik Andelin
captures a person’s attributional pattern as it pertains to the relationship, not their
general attributional patterns. This leaves it unclear whether a person’s attributions
for negative relationship events are solely limited to that one relationship or whether
they are an expression of more general attributional patterns. The reason this
distinction is important is that if a general tendency to misattribute another person’s
intent were to affect relationship satisfaction, it seems reasonable to assume that that
effect could carry over to other relationships as well. Exploring this line of inquiry is
of interest as it could have substantial implications for our understanding of how
attributions in relationships should be addressed in, for example, couples therapy;
not simply as a flaw in the interaction between partners but also as an expression of
individual biases. Therefore, exploring how a person’s general attributional patterns
affect relationship satisfaction is warranted.
Another related knowledge gap left by past studies is that they have only
explored how attributions for explicitly negative partner behaviors (e.g. getting
ignored by one’s partner) affect relationship satisfaction. However, not all
relationship events are this explicit and there are several relationship behaviors that
are ambiguous in nature (e.g. one’s partner choosing to spend an evening with their
friends rather than with their partner). In order to understand the full extent to which
a person’s attribution style affects relationship satisfaction, it is central to also
explore how they interpret situations where another’s motive is ambiguous and prone
to interpretation.
Finally, a mention of sample size is in order. The aforementioned studies on
relationship satisfaction and attributional processes have usually researched couples,
with samples stretching from as few as 39 couples (Fincham & Bradbury, 1987) to
upwards of 130 couples (Fincham, Harold & Garo-Phillips, 2000), giving a total
sample size of 78 and 260 individuals respectively. While perfectly serviceable for
their respective analyses, these sample sizes do leave the studies with fairly low
statistical power and therefore warrant studies that explore whether the patterns they
identified are present in larger samples as well.
Hostile attribution bias
A specific cognitive bias that has garnered attention from researchers
interested in interpersonal relations is hostile attribution bias (HAB), which is a

5

Jannik Andelin
tendency to interpret the behaviors of others as hostile in intent, even when the
situations themselves are ambiguous or even benign (Dodge & Milich, 1984; Crick
& Dodge, 1994). Based upon the six-step SIP model, this bias is believed to affect
the second step of social information processing, the interpretation of cues (Crick &
Dodge, 1994). Studies have shown that people with higher reported HAB tend to
interpret various sorts of social information as more hostile than people with lower
HAB, including the interpretation of facial expressions (Schönenberg & Jusyte,
2014) and the motives of other people’s actions (Yeager, Miu, Powers & Dweck,
2013). The consequences of the distorted interpretation pattern of HAB are generally
negative, as it has been associated with several negative behaviors and outcomes in
adults, with aggression being the most extensively studied of these (see Tuente,
Bogaerts & Veling, 2019 for a review). HAB has been associated with various
aggressive responses, including physical aggression, such as intimate partner
violence (Finkel, 2007; Fite et al., 2008) and relational aggression, such as rumorspreading (Bailey & Ostrov, 2008). Furthermore, a number of studies have found an
association between hostile interpretations of ambiguous situations characteristic of
HAB and increased rates of psychological distress, in the form of both depression
(Everaert, Podina & Koster, 2017; Lee, Mathews, Shergill & Yiend, 2016; Smith et
al., 2016) and anxiety (Amir, Beard & Bower, 2005; Kanai, Sasagawa, Chen,
Shimada & Sakano, 2010). However, though the association between HAB and a
number of relation-related negative responses have been explored, the association
between HAB and relationship satisfaction has not. Considering the fact that various
past studies have identified attributional styles as a relevant component in
understanding low relationship satisfaction in conjunction with the fact that HAB has
been associated with a number of negative behavioral outcomes in adults, it could be
hypothesized that HAB would be associated with low relationship satisfaction. One
hypothetical way in which this might occur is that a person that tends to make hostile
attributions about his/her partner’s behavior (e.g. interpreting the partner’s unusual
silence to be a sign that he/she wants to make me feel insecure) will interpret the
relationship’s quality as lower, even if that is not the case. Another possibility is that
a person misattributing his/her partner’s behavior in this hostile manner might
prompt that person to react to the perceived hostility in a negative manner (e.g. by
getting angry), which might lead to strife that does in fact lower the relationship’s
quality. To the best of my and my colleagues’ knowledge, this is the first study to
6

Jannik Andelin
investigate the potential association between HAB and relationship satisfaction,
while also taking into account potential associations with psychological distress.
Hypotheses and purpose of study
The purpose of this study was to expand the knowledge concerning the
relationship between attributions and relationship satisfaction by using a large
sample of women to explore the cross-sectional as well as longitudinal associations
between HAB and relationship satisfaction over a five-year span, while also taking
into account the influence of psychological distress. Based on earlier findings, the
following hypotheses were formulated:
1. There is a negative cross-sectional association between HAB and relationship
satisfaction;
2. HAB has a longitudinal negative effect on relationship satisfaction that is not
accounted for by psychological distress;
3. HAB predicts positively whether a person ends their relationship
4. There is a positive cross-sectional association between HAB and
psychological distress;
5. HAB has a longitudinal positive effect on psychological distress when
accounting for relationship satisfaction;
6. There is a negative cross-sectional association between relationship
satisfaction and psychological distress;
7. There is a bidirectional longitudinal effect between psychological distress
and relationship satisfaction, so that high psychological distress predicts
lower relationship satisfaction and vice versa.

7

Jannik Andelin
Method

Participants
The sample for the present study were collected by the Finnish populationbased Genetics of Sexuality and Aggression (GSA) project. The GSA project has to
date conducted three data collections of women: the original data collection in 2006,
a follow-up in 2013 and a second follow-up in 2018. The data collection conducted
in 2006 targeted all Finnish-speaking twins aged 18-33 years and their siblings of at
least 18 years of age, residing in Finland at the time of data collection (for a detailed
description of the sample, see Johansson et al., 2013). Out of the 6200 women who
responded to the 2006 survey, 5197 indicated willingness to be contacted again in
the future for additional data collections. A total of 2175 of these women completed
the 2013 follow-up online questionnaire, resulting in a response rate of 41.85 %. The
2175 women who participated in the 2013 follow-up were further contacted in 2018
to partake in the second follow-up (the data collection started in the autumn of 2018
and ended in January 2019). Out of these women, 1301 completed the 2018 followup questionnaire, resulting in a response rate of 59.82%. An ethical research permit
was obtained for all data collections from the Board of Research Ethics at the Åbo
Akademi University, in accordance with the Helsinki Declaration. Written informed
consents from the participants were obtained at all three data collections.
The present study was based on two main analyses. The sample for the first
analysis consisted of the 2175 women who participated in the GSA data collection
conducted in 2013 (mean age 33.24 years, SD = 6.43). Four participants were
excluded from the analyses due to missing data on relevant variables. For the second
analysis, only women who participated in both the GSA 2013 data collection (mean
age 33.37; SD = 5.00) and the follow-up conducted in 2018 (mean age 38.81 years;
SD = 4.99) were included. Furthermore, in order to enable assessment of changes in
relationship satisfaction, only participants who had stayed in the same relationship
during both data collections were included. The final sample for this part of the
analysis consisted of 711 women. It should be noted that the GSA project does
include men as well, but the 2013 follow-up that included HAB as a variable only
included women. Because of this, male participants in the GSA project did not have
data on HAB and were consequently excluded from this study.

8

Jannik Andelin
Measures
Hostile attribution bias
Hostile attribution bias (HAB) was assessed using the Social Information
Processing–Attribution and Emotional Response Questionnaire (SIP–AEQ; Coccaro.
Noblett, McCloskley, 2009). The questionnaire contains eight vignettes depicting
socially ambiguous situations towards the participant, which are either classified as
direct aggression (e.g., someone hits you) or relational aggression (e.g., someone
rejects you). Each vignette (e.g., “Why do you think s/he bumped your arm making
you spill your coffee?”) has four different statements that describe possible motives
behind the action: hostile intent (e.g. “S/he wanted to burn me with the hot coffee”),
indirect hostile intent (e.g. “S/he wanted to make me look bad to the customer”),
instrumental non-hostile intent (e.g. “S/he was focused on the meeting”) and neutral
or benign intent (e.g. “S/he did this by accident”). Each statement is rated on a
Likert-type scale from 1 to 4 (1 meaning “not likely at all” and 4 meaning “very
likely”). Information about HAB was collected in 2013. A mean composite score was
calculated based on ratings of the response options measuring hostile intent and the
response options measuring indirect hostile intent (measures of HAB), and used in
the analyses. The internal consistency for the current sample was good (Cronbach’s
α = .88). The questionnaire has shown both good discriminant and convergent
validity, as well as good internal reliability (Coccaro et al., 2009).
Relationship satisfaction
A shortened six-item version of the Perceived Relationship Quality
Components (PRQC; Fletcher, Simpson & Thomas 2000) was used to assess
relationship satisfaction. The PRQC is a Likert-format questionnaire that measures
six facets of the current relationship’s quality: satisfaction (”how satisfied are you
with your relationship”); commitment (”how committed are you to your
relationship”); intimacy (”how intimate is your relationship”); trust (”how much do
you trust your partner”); passion (”how passionate is your relationship”); and love (
”how much do you love your partner”). Each statement is rated on a scale from 1 to 7
(1 meaning “not at all” and 7 meaning “extremely”). Information about relationship
satisfaction was collected in 2013 and 2018. A mean composite score for the six
9

Jannik Andelin
items was calculated for both 2013 and 2018 and used in the analyses. The internal
consistency for the current samples was excellent (2013: Cronbach’s α = .90; 2018:
Cronbach’s α =.89).
Psychological distress
The anxiety and depression subscales of the Brief Symptom Inventory 18
(BSI-18; Derogatis, 2001) were used to assess psychological distress. The depression
and anxiety subscales consist of six items each, describing related physical and
emotional complaints (e.g., “Feeling hopeless about the future” for depression and
“Feeling tense” for anxiety) and are rated on a scale from 0 (“not at all”) to 4 (“very
much”). Information about depression and anxiety was collected in 2013 and 2018.
Mean composite scores for the 12 items was calculated for both 2013 and 2018 and
used in the analyses. The BSI-18 has been shown to be a reliable and concise tool for
assessing anxiety and depression in the general population (Franke et al., 2017;
Petkus et al., 2010). The internal consistency for the current samples was excellent
(2013: Cronbach’s α = .90; 2018: Cronbach’s α = .92).
Relationship status
To assess whether a participant had stayed in the same relationship during
the 2013 and 2018 data collections, a dichotomous variable was calculated from the
participants’ answers to the 2018 question “how long have you been in your current
relationship?” Participants who answered six years or more were coded as having
remained in the same relationship, whereas participants who had answered less than
six years were assumed to no longer be in the same relationship as in the 2013 data
collection. There was approximately 5.5 years between the two data collections, and
therefore, six years was chosen as the cut-off to minimize the risk of falsely coding a
participant as having remained in the same relationship.

Statistical analyses
Composite variables were calculated using IBM SPSS Statistics version
24.0 for Windows (IBM Corp., 2016). Structural equation modeling (SEM),
specifically path analysis, was conducted using Mplus version 7.4 (Muthén &
Muthén, 2015) to estimate regressive and correlational paths between HAB,
10

Jannik Andelin
relationship satisfaction and psychological distress. Results from standardized twotailed tests were reported including 95% confidence intervals for the regression and
correlation coefficients. Interdependency between members of the same family was
taken into account using the “CLUSTER” and TYPE=COMPLEX options together
with the MLR-estimator. This yields maximum likelihood parameter estimates with
standard errors and χ2-test statistics that are robust to non-normality as well as nonindependence due to participants being from the same family. The analysis was
conducted in two parts.
The first part of the analysis sought to explore whether HAB could predict
within-time relationship satisfaction, psychological distress and whether a participant
would stay in the same relationship between the two waves. This was done by
regressing relationship satisfaction and psychological distress at Time 1 (i.e., 2013)
as well as relationship status on HAB. In addition, relationship satisfaction and
psychological distress at Time 1 were allowed to correlate with one another.
Correlations between relationship status and other variables were not allowed due to
the inability of Mplus to perform correlations with dichotomous variables during
these specific conditions. Age was included as a covariate.
The second part of the analysis aimed to explore to what extent HAB could
predict relationship satisfaction and psychological distress five years later. This was
done by regressing relationship satisfaction and psychological distress at Time 2
(i.e., 2018) on relationship satisfaction, HAB and psychological distress at Time 1,
as depicted in the schematic model shown in Figure 2. Correlations between the
variables were allowed and estimated within time-points. Age was included as a
covariate.

Results

Descriptive statistics
Descriptive statistics are shown in Table 1. Relationship status was a
dichotomous variable (yes/no) and is not included in the table. Out of the 1081
participants who had data available for both time points, and who were in a
relationship in 2013, 711 were in the same relationship in 2018 whereas 370 were
not. Overall, the participants reported fairly high relationship satisfaction and fairly
low psychological distress.
11

Jannik Andelin

Table 1
Descriptive Statistics of Age, HAB, Relationship Satisfaction and Psychological Distress at Time Point 1 (2013) and Time Point 2
(2018)

Cross-sectional
Measure

Variable

Range

Longitudinal

No.

2013

2013

2018

of

(N= 2171)

(n=711)

(n=711)

items

α

M

SD

α

M

SD

α

M

SD

-

Age

25-56

1

-

33.24

6.43

-

33.37

5.00

-

38.81

4.99

SIP-AEQ

HAB

1-4

16

.88

1.86

0.41

.88

1.86

0.41

-

-

-

PRQC

Rel. Sat.

1-7

6

.90

5.87

1.05

.87

6.09

0.80

.89

5.72

1.00

BSI-18

Psy. Dis.

0-4

12

.90

0.66

0.64

.91

0.56

0.58

.92

0.72

0.66

Note. α = Cronbach’s Alpha; HAB = Hostile attribution bias; Rel.Sat. = Relationship satisfaction; Psy.Dis. = Psychological
distress; SIP-AEQ = Social information processing-attribution and emotional response questionnaire; PRQC = Perceived
relationship quality components; BSI-18 = Brief symptom inventory 18 (Anxiety and depression subscales)

12

Associations between relationship satisfaction, hostile attribution bias and
psychological distress
Cross-sectional associations
The results of the cross-sectional path analysis with the standardized
regression and correlation coefficients are presented in Figure 1. The results show
that hostile attribution bias had a significant negative association with relationship
satisfaction and a significant positive association with psychological distress, but no
significant association with relationship status. In other words, people who reported
higher HAB tended to rate their relationship satisfaction as lower and their
experienced distress as higher, but the level of HAB had no clear association with
whether the participant’s relationship had ended between the two measurement
periods or not. Furthermore, there was a significant negative correlation between
relationship satisfaction and psychological distress, indicating that higher levels of
experienced distress were associated with lower reported relationship satisfaction.
Finally, age had a significant association with relationship satisfaction and
psychological distress but not with HAB or relationship status (see appendix table 1
for further details).

Figure 1. Cross-sectional associations at Time 1 (2013) between hostile attributional bias,
relationship satisfaction, psychological distress and relationship status (whether an
individual’s relationship ended between the two time points or not) with 95% CI within
brackets. Note. *= p >.05; **= p >.01. The estimated correlation is pictured with a
double-headed arrow, and regressions with one-headed arrows. Non-significant paths are
indicated with dotted lines. Age was included as a covariate but is not included in the
figure. For results on the effect of age kindly see appendix table 1.

13

Longitudinal associations
The results for the longitudinal path analysis are presented with the
standardized regression and correlation coefficients in Figure 2. The cross-sectional
correlations between relationship satisfaction, HAB and psychological distress at
time 1 were all significant and in line with the results of the cross-sectional model.
The correlation between relationship satisfaction and psychological distress at time 2
(2018) was also significant and comparable with the correlation of said variables at
time 1 (2013).
The longitudinal regressions revealed a significant association between
HAB at time 1 and both relationship satisfaction and psychological distress at time 2,
with the former being negative and the latter positive. Both effects were in line with
the hypotheses. Relationship satisfaction at time 1 had a moderately strong effect on
relationship satisfaction at time 2, indicating stability in relationship satisfaction, but
no significant effect on psychological distress at time 2. A similar pattern emerged
for psychological distress at time 1, with a moderately strong effect on its time 2
counterpart and no significant effect on relationship satisfaction at time 2. Age only
had a significant effect on relationship and psychological distress at time 1 (see
appendix table 2 for further details).

Figure 2. Longitudinal associations between hostile attribution bias, relationship
satisfaction and psychological distress at time 1 (2013) and 2 (2018), with 95% CI
within brackets. Note. *= p >.05; **= p >.01. The estimated correlation is pictured with
a double-headed arrow, and regressions with one-headed arrows. Non-significant paths
are indicated with dotted lines. Age was included as a covariate but is not included in
the figure. For results on the effect of age kindly see appendix table 2.

14

Discussion
The attributional styles of partners has been suggested by several studies to
be a central component in understanding romantic relationship satisfaction.
However, past studies have only explored relationship-specific attributional styles,
leaving it unclear as to whether more general attributional patterns are of importance
as well. Furthermore, these studies have only explored attributional styles to
explicitly negative partner behaviors, raising the question of whether attributions to
more ambiguous situations are also relevant. The present study sought to fill in these
gaps in the field of romantic interpersonal relationships by exploring the relationship
between relationship satisfaction, psychological distress and hostile attribution bias
(HAB), a well-defined and general cognitive bias related to attribution. While past
research has explored these factors in various other contexts, this study is to our
knowledge the first of its kind to explore the specific relationship between the three.
In order to gain a comprehensive overview of the relationships between these
variables, two models were constructed using data from a population based sample
of Finnish female twins and their sisters (N = ): the first including cross-sectional
associations from the 2013 data while the other incorporated both cross-sectional and
longitudinal associations from the 2013 and 2018 data.
As hypothesized, path analyses revealed a significant negative association
between HAB and relationship satisfaction in both the cross-sectional and the
longitudinal model. The relationship between these specific variables has not been
explored before, which limits the ability to directly compare them to past research.
However, the findings of this study do align with similar studies that have explored
the connection between maladaptive attributions and relationship satisfaction (see
e.g. Fincham & Bradbury, 1993, Fincham, Harold & Garo-Phillips, 2000, Karney et
al., 1994). Like the aforementioned studies, we found that negative attributions, in
our case hostile attributions, were negatively associated with relationship
satisfaction.
With our results suggesting an association between HAB and relationship
satisfaction, this raises the question about what the underlying mechanisms of this
association are. How could a tendency to attribute the behavior of others as hostile
affect relationship satisfaction? Based on the SIP model (Crick & Dodge, 1994), we
suggest a hypothetical three-part process as a potential explanation. The three parts
can be described as:
15

1. Misinterpretation of social cues in a situation
2. Emotional reaction to said misinterpretation
3. Biased choice of response to the situation
Based on this process, we assume that a person with HAB would tend to misconstrue
their partner’s ambiguous behavior as hostile. For example, a person might interpret
their partner arriving late for a date as a sign that they wanted to humiliate the person
by making them wait, even if the real reason is more benign, for example that the
partner got stuck in traffic. This tendency to misinterpret events might be a relevant
factor, seeing as perceived quality of relationship interactions has been shown to be
predictive of relationship satisfaction (Schmitt, Kliegel & Shapiro, 2007) and
misinterpreting ambiguous relationships events, such as arriving late for a date, as
hostile in intent could reasonably affect the long-term perceived quality of
relationship interactions. The hostile (mis)interpretation of the situation might then
trigger an emotional reaction in the person, such as anger or sadness, which could in
turn affect the response the person chooses to the perceived transgression. For
example, returning to our date example, the person might get angry that the partner
came late and therefore choose to be accusative, which might affect their enjoyment
of the evening. This tendency of people with HAB to choose more negative
responses to ambiguous situations is partially supported by findings that have
associated HAB with tendencies to choose angry and aggressive responses
(Willkowski & Robinson, 2010). To summarize, we posit that people with HAB tend
to interpret ambiguous partner behaviors as more hostile in intent than people who
do not have HAB, which influences their reactions and leads to more negative
responses, such as getting angry or hurt. This could lead to more conflicts, which
over the course of the relationship might contribute to lower relationship satisfaction.
Of course, this is merely a hypothetical model for what the underlying
mechanics behind the relationship between HAB and relationship satisfaction might
be, and further studies are needed to explore what these mechanics are. One possible
alternative explanation for the relationship between HAB and low relationship
satisfaction might for example be that because people with HAB interpret ambiguous
situations as more hostile, it leads them to view the relationship as lower in quality
than it actually is. In the context of the date example, this would manifest itself in
that the person misinterpreting their partner’s behavior leads them to consider that
they are in a relationship where their partner wants to humiliate them. This could
16

reasonably affect their perception of their relationship’s quality even if the person
does not react to the situation in a hostile manner. However, further studies are
needed to determine whether either of these explanations are tenable.
One interesting find in our study concerning HAB was that despite it being
negatively associated with relationship satisfaction, HAB did not predict whether a
participant ended their relationship between the two time points or not, contrary to
our hypothesis. Though the hostile interpretations related to HAB were negatively
associated with one’s satisfaction with a relationship, this association might not be so
strong as to push one to terminate the relationship. This result is not wholly
surprising, considering that the relationship between HAB and later relationship
satisfaction, though significant, was fairly weak. The lack of an association between
HAB and relationship termination suggests that the mechanics of relationship
termination are more complicated, and could differ somewhat from those affecting
relationship satisfaction. A meta-analysis evaluating predictive factors for
relationship dissolution by Le and colleagues (2010) showed that factors such as low
levels of love, commitment and dependence were the strongest predictors of
relationship dissolution. The relationship between these variables and HAB has not
been explored in research. It is however not implausible to think that HAB could for
example be associated with lower levels of commitment to relationship and thereby
have an indirect effect on relationship termination. Another way of looking at this
might be that things such as high levels of love and dependence might function as
protective factors against relationship termination for people with high HAB.
Beyond relationship satisfaction, we also found significant cross-sectional
and longitudinal associations between HAB and psychological distress, in
accordance with our hypotheses. These associations were positive, suggesting that
people who report higher HAB tend to report higher psychological distress. These
findings are in line with past studies that have shown a connection between
psychological distress and negative interpretation biases (Everaert, Podina & Koster,
2017; Lee et al., 2016) and extend this relationship to concern HAB as well. We
could surmise that HAB was predictive of later psychological distress, supporting
the notion that HAB can be a detriment to peoples’ wellbeing. This connection is
understandable, as having a pattern of perceiving the motives of others’ as more
hostile could reasonably cause a person to experience more anxiety and symptoms of
depression compared to a person who makes more lenient judgements.
17

Unfortunately, it was beyond the reach of this study to explore whether the
longitudinal relationship between these variables was bidirectional, as this might
have some interesting implications for how HAB develops.
While most associations between HAB and other variables were significant,
it bears mentioning that the effect sizes of these associations were overall fairly
small in both the cross-sectional and the longitudinal model. The size of these effects
can partially be attributed to the sample being population-based, which can be
presumed to display smaller effects than a clinical sample would. Furthermore, long
time-spans between measurement points tend to produce smaller effects and it is
therefore possible that the effect sizes would be larger were the time-span shorter.
Nonetheless, the fact that these effects are present and significant even with a fiveyear span speaks for their importance. Our findings support the idea that certain
cognitive biases can have long-term ramifications for relationships if they are not
accounted for, which has implications for both individuals in a relationship as well
as couples alike.
Finally, we found a significant negative association between psychological
distress and relationship satisfaction in the cross-sectional model, which is in line
with our hypothesis and past findings (Heidari & Latifnejad, 2010; Whitton &
Kuryluk, 2012). However, there was no significant longitudinal effect of
psychological distress on relationship satisfaction or vice versa, which contradicts
both our hypotheses as well as findings from past research (Kronmüller et al., 2011;
Mamun et al., 2009; Rogge et al., 2006). This finding is rather perplexing, as
psychological distress as well as relationship satisfaction were both fairly stable
between the time points and correlated with each other within both time points. One
possible reason for this divergence from earlier findings might be that our model
included HAB, a variable that has not been included in past studies on the subject. It
is conceivable that there could exist indirect paths from psychological distress to
later relationship satisfaction and vice versa via HAB. This hypothesis is supported
by a number of studies that have found that attributional styles and interpretation
biases in a relationship either moderate or mediate the effect of depressive symptoms
and anxiety on relationship satisfaction (Finn et al., 2013; Gordon, Friedman, Miller
& Gaertner, 2005; Heene, Byusse & van Oost, 2005, 2007). An alternative
explanation for the lack of a longitudinal relationship between psychological distress
and relationship satisfaction might be that the overall reported psychological distress
18

in this sample was fairly low. A model based on a sample with higher levels of
psychological distress might potentially display a stronger relationship between the
two variables.
Strengths and Limitations
As the first study exploring the associations between HAB, relationship
satisfaction and psychological distress, this study boasts a number of strengths. First,
it reaffirms past findings that have suggested that biased attributional processes are
associated with low relationship satisfaction and expands these findings by
demonstrating that this can also be the case when the attributional patterns are
general and not relationship-specific. Second, this study demonstrates that HAB
specifically is associated with low relationship satisfaction, expanding the literature
on the potential negative outcomes of HAB among adults. Third and final, this study
used a large, representative population-based sample, in contrast to past studies on
the subject, which have mostly relied on fairly small convenience samples. This
study therefore fills a gap in the scientific literature by expanding the understanding
of both HAB and its role in romantic relationships.
However, though an important first step in deciphering the relationship
between HAB and relationship satisfaction, the findings of this study are constrained
by a number of limitations. First and foremost, HAB was only measured at the first
time point and it was thus beyond the reach of this study to explore temporal stability
of the trait as well as whether psychological distress and relationship satisfaction
have a longitudinal effect on HAB, similar to that of HAB on relationship
satisfaction and psychological distress.
Another limitation of this study is that only participants who remained in
the same relationship during both time points were included in the longitudinal
model. This was done to ensure that the changes in relationship satisfaction were not
due to a change in relationship, but rather the predictors of the model. This
methodological choice, combined with fairly high mean scores on relationship
satisfaction, makes it likely that our sample tended to rate their current relationship
quite favorably. It is possible that the effects of HAB might therefore be different in
this sample than they would be in a sample where participants who rated their
relationship as lower in quality were also included. Furthermore, due to the

19

participants being in a fairly long-term relationship, the results of this study cannot
necessarily be generalized to more short-term relationships.
The sample of this study was composed of women and the results can
therefore not be generalized to people of other genders. There is mixed evidence
about whether the effects and expressions of HAB are similar among men and
women. A number of studies have found gender differences, such as a study by
Mathieson et al. (2011), which showed that the association between HAB and
relational aggression was moderated by relational risk factors (e.g., emotional
sensitivity) in girls, but not in boys. The results of another study by Godleski and
Ostrov (2010) indicated that girls showed more HAB in relational situations
compared to boys, while a study by Cillessen, Lansu and Van Den Berg (2014)
showed that the relationship between HAB and aggression was stronger among boys
than girls. However, a systematic review by Martinelli, Ackermann, Bernhard,
Freitag and Schwenck (2018) found no notable gender differences in the relationship
between HAB and aggression among adolescents. Because of these contradictory
findings and a lack of clear consensus, potential gender differences in the
associations between HAB and relationship satisfaction as well as psychological
distress should be studied in future research. This study also only explored one
partner’s relationship satisfaction, which excludes the satisfaction of the participants’
partners. Future research could explore to what extent the changes in relationship
satisfaction between partners correlate and whether they are equally affected by one
partner having high HAB scores.
Finally, our sample was drawn from a population-based study of twins and
their sisters, which means our findings cannot directly be generalized to non-twin
populations. However, there are several studies that have indicated that findings
from twin studies can be generalized to non-twin populations (e.g., Andrew et al.,
2001; Johnson, Krueger, Bouchard, & McGue, 2002). The response rates for the data
collections were 42% and 60% respectively, which are comparable to the response
rates of other sexuality related surveys (e.g., Bailey, Dunne, & Martin, 2000;
Långström & Zucker, 2005).

20

Conclusions
This study contributes to the scientific literature by reaffirming past findings
of attribution processes as an important component in understanding relationship
satisfaction by showing that HAB, a well-defined attributional bias, is a useful
predictor for relationship satisfaction. This has implications for couples therapy, as it
suggests that accounting for certain individual biases may be an important process in
working through experiences of low relationship satisfaction, and that individual
therapy alongside the couples therapy could be beneficial in some instances. Our
findings also suggest that HAB predicts higher rates of psychological distress, and is
therefore potentially a worthwhile focus of intervention in individual therapies as
well. While the findings of this study should be interpreted cautiously, as it is the
first of its kind to explore these specific variables, they do support the hypothesis
that HAB affects how content people are with their relationships both in the shortterm and long-term of the relationship.

21

Summary in Swedish
Fientlig attributionsbias och psykisk ohälsa som prediktorer för
tillfredställelse med parförhållande

Inledning
Tillfredställelse med parförhållande är en betydande del av allmän
livstillfredställelse. Personer som rapporterar hög tillfredställelse med sitt
parförhållande tenderar även att rapportera högre sexuell tillfredställelse (McNulty,
Wenner & Fisher 2016), högre tolerans mot stress (Røsand, Slinning, Eberhard-Gran
& Tambs, 2012) samt en rad positiva hälsoeffekter, till exempel förbättrat blodtryck
och lägre dödsrisk (Holt-Lunstad, Birmingham & Jones, 2008; Robles, Slatcher,
Trombello & McGinn, 2014). I motsats så har låg tillfredställelse med parförhållande
associerats med ett antal negativa utfall, bland annat högre nivåer av stress
(Bodenmann, Ledermann & Bradbury, 2007; Randall & Bodenmann, 2009), högre
risk för depression (Hollist, Miller, Falceto & Fernandes, 2007) samt allmänt sämre
hälsa (Hawkins & Booth, 2005). I och med att dessa kopplingar identifierats så är det
ytterst viktigt att förstå vilka variabler som påverkar och predicerar upplevd
tillfredställelse av parförhållande.
Tidigare studier har identifierat ett flertal prediktorer för låg tillfredställelse
med parförhållande, bland annat låg socioekonomisk status (Dakin & Wampler,
2008; Maisel & Karney, 2012), upplevelser av misshandel i barndomen (DiLillo
m.fl., 2009; Peterson, Peugh, Loucks & Shaffer, 2018) samt bristfällig
kommunikation i parförhållandet (Trillingsgaard, Baucom & Heyman, 2014). Utöver
dessa så har psykologisk ohälsa i form av depression och ångest visat sig ha ett starkt
samband med låg tillfredställelse med parförhållande (Caughlin, Huston & Houts,
2000; Kronmüller et al., 2011; Whisman, Uebelacker & Weinstock, 2004). Fokus har
dock skiftat från att identifiera predicerande faktorer till att förstå varför dessa
faktorer har ett samband med låg tillfredställelse med parförhållande. I denna kontext
har en rad studier antytt på att kognitiva processer, till exempel en tendens att
misstolka andras motiv eller en tendens att fokusera på negativ stimuli (Ellison,
Kouros, Papp & Cummings, 2016; Muris, Schmidt, Lambrichs, & Meesters, 2001;
Smith, Summers, Dillon, Macatee & Cougle, 2016), kunde ha en central roll i hur
22

psykisk ohälsa inverkar på tillfredställelse med parförhållandet. Vissa sorters
attributionsprocesser, till exempel en tendens att attribuera negativa utfall till en själv
eller en tendens att tolka andras motiv som hotande, har visat sig vara associerade
med högre nivåer av psykisk ohälsa (Ellison, Kouros, Papp & Cummings, 2016;
Muris, Schmidt, Lambrichs, & Meesters, 2001; Smith, Summers, Dillon, Macatee &
Cougle, 2016).
En användbar modell för att förstå kopplingen mellan kognitiva processer
och tillfredställelse med parförhållandet är den sociala
informationsprocesseringsteorin (SIP, Crick & Dodge, 1994). Teorin proponerar att
mellanmänsklig interaktion påverkas av en sexdelad processering av sociala tecken
och har använts för att förklara ett antal negativa utfall hos både vuxna och barn,
särskilt aggression. Särskilt processens andra del, tolkning av sociala tecken, har
identifierats som en viktig mekanism och är nära associerat med
attributionsprocesser som verkar vara ytterst relevanta för tillfredställelse med
parförhållande.
Kopplingen mellan attributionsprocesser och tillfredställelse med
parförhållande etablerades av en rad studier om ämnet från 1980-talet (se Bradbury
och Fincham, 1990 för en översikt). Denna koppling utvecklades vidare av en rad
studier (Fincham & Bradbury, 1987, 1993), vars fynd tydde på att låg tillfredställelse
med parförhållande kunde longitudinellt prediceras av att en person attribuerar
negativa händelser i förhållandet som avsiktliga och karaktäristiska för ens partner.
Denna association har stötts av senare studier, både tvärsnittsstudier (Graham &
Conoley, 2006; Karney, Bradbury, Fincham & Sullivan, 1994) och en longitudinell
studie (Fincham, Harold & Garo-Phillips, 2000). Sammantaget tyder dessa studiers
resultat på att vissa typers attributionsprocesser kan negativt inverka på en persons
upplevelse av tillfredsställelse med parförhållandet. Dessa studier har dock enbart
utforskat hur förhållandespecifika attributioner påverkar parförhållandet, vilket har
lämnat det oklart huruvida allmänna attributionsstilar, det vill säga hur man allmänt
tenderar att tolka andras motiv, också påverkar tillfredställelse med parförhållandet.
Utöver detta har tidigare studier enbart studerat hur personer attribuerar explicit
negativa händelser (t.ex. att ens partner kritiserar en), fastän parförhållanden
innehåller en massa händelser där partnerns motiv är oklara och tvetydiga (t.ex.
partner väljer att spendera en kväll med sina vänner istället för med sin partner). För
23

att fullständigt kunna förstå attributioners inverkan på tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet, så är det viktigt att även utforska hur tendenser att tolka denna typ
av tvetydiga händelser påverkar tillfredställelse med parförhållandet. En sista
begränsning med tidigare studier som utforskat sambandet mellan
attributionsprocesser och tillfredställelse med parförhållandet är att deras sampel
varit relativt små, med sampel som varierat från 39 deltagare (Fincham & Bradbury,
1987) till 260 deltagare (Fincham, Harold & Garo-Phillips, 2000). Detta har
begränsat studiernas statistiska styrka och det är av intresse huruvida dessa
associationer också kunde hittas i större populationssampel.
Fientlig attributionsbias (HAB) kan definieras som en tendens att överdrivet
tolka andras motiv som fientliga eller hotande mot en själv, även då andras motiv
egentligen är tvetydiga eller till och med godartade. HAB har associerats med en rad
negativa utfall hos vuxna, bland annat aggression (se Tuente, Bogaerts & Veling,
2019 för en översikt) samt högre nivåer av depression (Everaert, Podina & Koster,
2017; Lee, Mathews, Shergill & Yiend, 2016; Smith m.fl., 2016) och ångest (Amir,
Beard & Bower, 2005; Kanai, Sasagawa, Chen, Shimada & Sakano, 2010). Huruvida
HAB har någon association med tillfredställelse med parförhållande har inte ännu
utforskats, men det finns skäl att hypotisera att en sedan koppling existerar. I och
med att tidigare studier har tytt på att attributionsprocesser är associerade med låg
tillfredställelse med parförhållandet och HAB har associerats med ett antal negativa
utfall hos vuxna, så är det inte orimligt att anta att det kan finnas ett samband mellan
HAB och låg tillfredställelse med parförhållande. Våra hypoteser för denna studie
var att: 1) HAB har en negativ tvärsnittlig association med tillfredställelse med
parförhållande, 2) HAB har en negativ longitudinell effekt på tillfredställelse med
parförhållande, 3) HAB predicerar positivt huruvida en person avslutat sitt
parförhållande mellan mättillfällen, 4) Det finns en positiv tvärsnittlig association
mellan HAB och psykisk ohälsa, 5) HAB har en positiv longitudinell effekt på
psykisk ohälsa 6) Det finns en negativ tvärsnittlig association mellan tillfredställelse
med parförhållande och psykisk ohälsa och 7) Det finns en positiv dubbelriktad
longitudinell effekt mellan tillfredställelse och psykisk ohälsa.

24

Metod
Samplet i denna studie bestod av kvinnor som deltog i Genetics of Sexuality
and Aggression (GSA), en populationsbaserad finsk studie om tvillingar. Alla
deltagare rekryterades från finska befolkningsregistercentralen och var över 18 år
gamla. Studien har genomfört tre omfattande datainsamingar och denna studie
använde data från den första och andra uppföljningen (2013 respektive 2018).
Samplet för tvärsnittsanalysen bestod av de 2175 kvinnor som deltog i uppföljningen
2013 (medelålder 33,24 år, SD= 6,43), medan samplet för den longitudinella
analysen bestod av de 711 kvinnor som deltog i båda uppföljningarna och var i
samma parförhållande under båda mätningarna (medelålder 33,37 år, SD= 5,00 vid
tidpunkt 1, medelålder 38,81 år, SD= 4,99 vid tidpunkt 2).
HAB mättes med Social Information Processing–Attribution and Emotional
Response Questionnaire (SIP–AEQ; Coccaro m.fl., 2009). Frågeformuläret mäter
flera aspekter gällande social informationsprocessering men i denna studies analyser
användes enbart de frågor som mätte fientlig avsikt och indirekt fientlig avsikt (båda
är mått på HAB). Ett gemensamt medeltal räknades ut för alla frågor som mätte
dessa två kategorier. Tillfredställelse med parförhållande mättes med Perceived
Relationship Quality Components (PRQC; Fletcher, Simpson & Thomas 2000),
medan psykisk ohälsa mättes med depression- och ångestsunderskalorna från Brief
Symptom Inventory 18 (BSI-18; Derogatis, 2001). En dikotom variabel räknades ut
för huruvida en deltagare varit i samma parförhållande under båda mätningarna
genom att räkna ut hur längre de varit i sitt nuvarande parförhållande. Deltagare som
rapporterade att deras nuvarande förhållande varat under 6 år ansågs ha avslutat sitt
parförhållande. Kompositvariabler räknades ut med hjälp av IBM SPSS version 24.0
för Windows (IBM Corp., 2016). Strukturell ekvationsmodellering (SEM), specifikt
stiganalys, genomfördes i Mplus version 7.4 (Muthén & Muthén, 2015) för att
estimera regression- och korrelationsbanor mellan HAB, tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet och psykisk ohälsa. Studiens analyser utfördes i två steg. I det första
steget analyserades banor mellan HAB, tillfredställelse med parförhållandet, psykisk
ohälsa samt huruvida en deltagare avslutat sitt tidigare parförhållande i 2013 samplet
(N= 2175 ). I det andra steget analyserades potentiella tvärsnittliga samt
longitudinella banor mellan ovannämnda variablerna från 2013 och 2018 (n=711).

25

Resultat
Den tvärsnittliga SEM-modellen uppvisade ett signifikant negativt samband
mellan HAB och tillfredställelse med parförhållande (β=-.098, SE=0.024, p <.001),
samt ett positivt samband med psykisk ohälsa (β=.267, SE=0.023, p <.001), vilket
bekräftade hypotes 1 och 4. Det fanns även ett negativt samband mellan psykisk
ohälsa och tillfredställelse med parförhållande (r=-.296, SE=0.025, p <.001), vilket
bekräftade hypotes 6. Däremot så fanns det inget signifikant samband mellan HAB
och huruvida deltagarna avslutat sitt parförhållande mellan de två mättillfällen
(β=.008, SE=0.036, p=.832), vilket gick förkastade hypotes 3.
Den longitudinella SEM modellen visade en signifikant negativ effekt av
HAB vid tidpunkt 1 på tillfredställelse med parförhållandet vid tidpunkt 2 (β= -.072,
SE=0.04, p= .038) samt en signifikant positiv effekt på psykisk ohälsa vid tidpunkt 2

(β= .072, SE=0.04, p= .045) vilket var enligt våra förväntningar (hypoteser 2
respektive 5). Däremot bekräftades inte hypotes 7, då tillfredställelse med
parförhållande vid tidpunkt 1 inte predicerade psykisk ohälsa vi tidpunkt 2 (β= .005,
SE=0.03, p= .868) eller vice versa (β= -.022, SE=0.043, p=.607).

Diskussion
Tidigare studiers resultat har tytt på att attributionsprocesser har ett
samband med tillfredställelse med det parförhållandet (Fincham & Bradbury, 1987,
1993; Graham & Conoley, 2006; Karney m.fl.,1994). Dessa studier har dock enbart
utforskat hur förhållandespecifika attributioner för partners explicit negativa
beteenden (t.ex. att ens partner ignorerar en) påverkar tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet, vilket har lämnat det oklart huruvida tolkningar av mer tvetydiga
beteenden också har en effekt. Till min vetskap är denna studie den första av sitt slag
som har utforskat sambanden mellan fientlig attributionsbias (HAB), tillfredställelse
med parförhållandet och psykisk ohälsa. Resultaten i denna studie visade att HAB
predicerade lägre tillfredställelse med parförhållandet både i den tvärsnittliga och
longitudinella modellen. Detta innebär att personer som rapporterar högt på HAB
och därmed tenderar att tolka andras motiv som mer hotande tenderar att vara mindre
nöjda med sina parförhållanden. Det är möjligt att detta samband orsakas av att en
person som tenderar tolka andras motiv som fientliga också gör det för sin partner,
vilket kan leda till att de reagerar på denna upplevda fientlighet negativt (t.ex. med
26

att bli arga eller ledsna), vilket påverkar parförhållandets kvalitet. Alternativt kan
personens upplevelse av partnerns upplevda fientliga motiv få personen att bedöma
parförhållandets kvalitet som lägre än vad den egentligen är. Trots att HAB verkar ha
ett negativt samband med tillfredställelse med parförhållandet, så predicerade den
dock inte huruvida en person avslutat sitt parförhållande mellan de två mätpunkterna,
vilket gick emot vår hypotes. Detta tyder på att avslutande av parförhållanden
orsakas av andra mekanismer än HAB. Utöver detta fann vi ett positivt samband
mellan HAB och psykisk ohälsa i både den tvärsnittliga och longitudinella modellen,
vilket tyder på att personer som tenderar tolka andras motiv som mer fientliga
tenderar att rapportera högre nivåer av ångest och depression. Detta fynd är i linje
med tidigare studiers resultat (Everaert m.fl., 2017; Lee m.fl., 2016) och tyder på att
en tendens att tolka andras motiv som fientliga kan göra en person mer sårbar för
ångest- och depressionsymptom.
Avslutningsvis så fann vi inget longitudinellt samband mellan
tillfredställelse med parförhållande och psykisk ohälsa, vilket gick emot vår hypotes
samt tidigare forskningsresultat (Kronmüller m.fl., 2011; Mamun m.fl., 2009; Rogge
m.fl., 2006). En potentiell förklaring för denna diskrepans från tidigare forskning
kunde vara det faktum att vår modell innehöll HAB, en variabel som inte funnits i
tidigare studier om sambandet mellan tillfredställelse med parförhållandet och
psykisk ohälsa. Det är möjligt att det finns indirekta effekter av dessa variabler på
varandra via HAB, dock kunde vi inte på basis av våra analyser i denna studie
fastställa om så är fallet. Framtida studier uppmanas dock utforska denna möjlighet.
Denna studie besitter en mängd styrkor. Den är den första av sitt slag att
utforska sambanden mellan HAB, tillfredställelse med parförhållandet samt psykisk
ohälsa och stöder tidigare fynd som tytt på att attributionsprocesser har en effekt på
en persons upplevda tillfredställelse med parförhållandet och bidrar därmed till detta
relativt outforskade forskningsområde. Denna studies resultat utvidgar också dessa
fynd genom att påvisa att även mer generella attributionsprocesser som inte enbart är
relaterade till parförhållandet har ett samband med tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet. En vidare styrka hos denna studie var att den använde ett stort
populationsbaserat sampel (N=2175 respektive n=711), vilket gör resultaten relativt
representativa och generaliserbara till den kvinnliga populationen i Finland. Denna
studie hade dock även ett antal begränsningar. För det första så mättes HAB endast
27

vid första mättillfället, vilket innebar att vi endast kunde utforska HAB:s effekt på
tillfredställelse med parförhållande och psykisk ohälsa och inte vice versa. En annan
begränsning var att endast personer som hade stannat i samma förhållande togs med i
den longitudinella modellen. Detta gjordes för att garantera att förändringar i
tillfredställelse med parförhållandet orsakades av prediktorerna och inte av att
deltagaren bytt parförhållande. Detta beslut, i samband med de höga poängen på
tillfredställelse med parförhållande innebar dock att deltagarna i vår studie verkade
vara relativt nöjda med sitt parförhållande. Det är möjligt att sambanden mellan
dessa variabler skulle se annorlunda ut hos personer som är mindre nöjda med sitt
parförhållande. Slutligen, så bestod vårt sampel enbart av kvinnor som är tvillingar,
vilket eventuellt kan begränsa möjligheten att generalisera fynden till andra grupper.
Tidigare fynd har dock tytt på att resultat från studier med tvillingarsampel är
jämförbara med icke-tvillingstudier (Andrew m.fl., 2001; Johnson, Krueger,
Bouchard, & McGue, 2002). Däremot finns det väldigt motsägelsefulla fynd
gällande potentiella könsskillnader i hur HAB uttrycker sig, där vissa studier har tytt
på att det inte finns skillnader (se t.ex. Martinelli, Ackermann, Bernhard, Freitag &
Schwenck, 2018), medan andra studier tytt på att det finns skillnader (t.ex. Godleski
& Ostrov (2010). Dessa potentiella könsskillnader bör utforskas i framtida forskning.
Sammanfattningsvis, så bidrar denna studie med viktig information om
parförhållanden genom att visa att HAB kan vara en relevant prediktor för
tillfredställelse med parförhållande. Dessa resultat har implikationer för bland annat
parterapi, i och med att de tyder på att vissa individuella biases kan vara något som
bör beaktas under terapin. Våra resultat stöder även tidigare fynd om att psykisk
ohälsa i form av ångest och depression kan predicera lägre tillfredställelse med
parförhållande, vilket tyder på att även dessa bör beaktas i parterapier.

28

References
Amir, N., Beard, C., & Bower, E. (2005). Interpretation bias and social anxiety. Cognitive
Therapy and Research, 29(4), 433-443.
Anderson, T. L., & Emmers-Sommer, T. M. (2006). Predictors of relationship satisfaction
in online romantic relationships. Communication Studies, 57(2), 153-172.
Andrew, T., Hart, D. J., Snieder, H., De Lange, M., Spector, T. D., & MacGregor, A. J.
(2001). Are twins and singletons comparable? A study of disease-related and
lifestyle characteristics in adult women. Twin Research and Human Genetics, 4(6),
464-477.
Atta, M., Adil, A., Shujja, S., & Shakir, S. (2013). Role of trust in marital satisfaction
among single and dual-career couples. International Journal of Research Studies in
Psychology, 2(4), 53-62.
Bailey, J. M., Dunne, M. P., & Martin, N. G. (2000). Genetic and environmental
influences on sexual orientation and its correlates in an Australian twin
sample. Journal of personality and social psychology, 78(3), 524.
Bailey, C. A., & Ostrov, J. M. (2008). Differentiating forms and functions of aggression in
emerging adults: Associations with hostile attribution biases and normative
beliefs. Journal of Youth and Adolescence, 37(6), 713–722.
Bodenmann, G., Ledermann, T., & Bradbury, T. N. (2007). Stress, sex, and satisfaction in
marriage. Personal Relationships, 14(4), 551-569.
Bradbury, T. N., & Fincham, F. D. (1990). Attributions in marriage. Psychological
Bulletin, 107(1), 3-33.
Carr, D., Freedman, V. A., Cornman, J. C., & Schwarz, N. (2014). Happy marriage, happy
life? Marital quality and subjective well‐being in later life. Journal of Marriage and
Family, 76(5), 930-948.
Caughlin, J. P., Huston, T. L., & Houts, R. M. (2000). How does personality matter in
marriage? An examination of trait anxiety, interpersonal negativity, and marital
satisfaction. Journal of Personality and social psychology, 78(2), 326-336.

29

Chen, P., Coccaro, E. F., & Jacobson, K. C. (2012). Hostile attributional bias, negative
emotional responding, and aggression in adults: Moderating effects of gender and
impulsivity. Aggressive behavior, 38(1), 47-63.
Cillessen, A. H., Lansu, T. A., & Van Den Berg, Y. H. (2014). Aggression, hostile
attributions, status, and gender: A continued quest. Development and
psychopathology, 26(3), 635-644.
Cisler, J. M., & Koster, E. H. (2010). Mechanisms of attentional biases towards threat in
anxiety disorders: An integrative review. Clinical psychology review, 30(2), 203216.
Coccaro, E., Noblett, K., & McCloskey, M. (2009). Attributional and emotional responses
to socially ambiguous cues: Validation of a new assessment of social/emotional
information processing in healthy adults and impulsive aggressive patients. Journal
of Psychiatric Research, 43(10), 915-925.
Crick, N. R., & Dodge, K. A. (1994). A review and reformulation of social informationprocessing mechanisms in children's social adjustment. Psychological
bulletin, 115(1), 74.
Dakin, J., & Wampler, R. (2008). Money doesn't buy happiness, but it helps: Marital
satisfaction, psychological distress, and demographic differences between low-and
middle-income clinic couples. The American Journal of Family Therapy, 36(4), 300311.
Davila, J., Karney, B. R., Hall, T. W., & Bradbury, T. N. (2003). Depressive symptoms
and marital satisfaction: Within-subject associations and the moderating effects of
gender and neuroticism. Journal of Family Psychology, 17(4), 557.
Derogatis, L. R. (2001). Brief Symptom Inventory (BSI) 18: Administration, scoring, and
procedures manual. Minneapolis, MN: NCS Pearson
DiLillo, D., Peugh, J., Walsh, K., Panuzio, J., Trask, E., & Evans, S. (2009). Child
maltreatment history among newlywed couples: A longitudinal study of marital
outcomes and mediating pathways. Journal of Consulting and Clinical
Psychology, 77(4), 680.

30

Dush, C. M. K., & Amato, P. R. (2005). Consequences of relationship status and quality
for subjective well-being. Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, 22(5), 607627.
Ellison, J. K., Kouros, C. D., Papp, L. M., & Cummings, E. M. (2016). Interplay between
marital attributions and conflict behavior in predicting depressive
symptoms. Journal of Family Psychology, 30(2), 286-295.
Everaert, J., Podina, I. R., & Koster, E. H. W. (2017). A comprehensive meta-analysis of
interpretation biases in depression.Clinical Psychology Review, 58, 33-48.
Fallis, E. E., Rehman, U. S., Woody, E. Z., & Purdon, C. (2016). The longitudinal
association of relationship satisfaction and sexual satisfaction in long-term
relationships. Journal of Family Psychology, 30(7), 822-831.
Fincham, F. D., & Bradbury, T. N. (1987). The impact of attributions in marriage. Journal
of Personality and Social Psychology, 53(3), 510-517.
Fincham, F. D., & Bradbury, T. N. (1993). Marital satisfaction, depression, and
attributions: A longitudinal analysis. Journal of personality and social
psychology, 64(3), 442-452.
Fincham, F. D., Harold, G. T., & Gano-Phillips, S. (2000). The longitudinal association
between attributions and marital satisfaction. Journal of Family Psychology, 14(2),
267-285.
Finkel, E. J. (2007). Impelling and inhibiting forces in the perpetration of intimate partner
violence. Review of general psychology, 11(2), 193-207.
Finn, C., Mitte, K., & Neyer, F. J. (2013). The relationship‐specific interpretation bias
mediates the link between neuroticism and satisfaction in couples. European Journal
of Personality, 27(2), 200-212.
Fite, J. E., Bates, J. E., Holtzworth-Munroe, A., Dodge, K. A., Nay, S. Y., & Pettit, G. S.
(2008). Social information processing mediates the intergenerational transmission of
aggressiveness in romantic relationships. Journal of Family Psychology, 22(3), 367376.

31

Fletcher, G., Simpson, J., & Thomas, G. (2000). The Measurement of Perceived
Relationship Quality Components: A Confirmatory Factor Analytic
Approach. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 26(3), 340-354.
Franke, G., Jaeger, S., Glaesmer, H., Barkmann, C., Petrowski, K., & Braehler, E. (2017).
Psychometric analysis of the brief symptom inventory 18 (BSI-18) in a
representative German sample. BMC Medical Research Methodology, 17(1).
Godleski, S. A., & Ostrov, J. M. (2010). Relational aggression and hostile attribution
biases: Testing multiple statistical methods and models. Journal of abnormal child
psychology, 38(4), 447-458.
Gordon, K. C., Friedman, M. A., Miller, I. W., & Gaertner, L. (2005). Marital attributions
as moderators of the marital discord–depression link. Journal of Social and Clinical
Psychology, 24(6), 876-893.
Graham, J. M., & Conoley, C. W. (2006). The role of marital attributions in the
relationship between life stressors and marital quality. Personal Relationships, 13(2),
231-241.
Hawkins, D. N., & Booth, A. (2005). Unhappily ever after: Effects of long-term, lowquality marriages on well-being. Social Forces, 84(1), 451-471.
Heene, E. L., Buysse, A., & Van Oost, P. (2005). Indirect pathways between depressive
symptoms and marital distress: The role of conflict communication, attributions, and
attachment style. Family process, 44(4), 413-440.
Heene, E., Buysse, A., & Van Oost, P. (2007). An interpersonal perspective on depression:
The role of marital adjustment, conflict communication, attributions, and attachment
within a clinical sample. Family Process, 46(4), 499-514.
Heidari, P., & Latifnejad, R. (2010). Relationship between psychosocial factors and
marital satisfaction in infertile women. The Journal of Qazvin University of Medical
Sciences, 14(1), 26-32.
Hollist, C. S., Miller, R. B., Falceto, O. G., & Fernandes, C. L. C. (2007). Marital
satisfaction and depression: A replication of the marital discord model in a Latino
sample. Family process, 46(4), 485-498.

32

Holt-Lunstad, J., Birmingham, W., & Jones, B. Q. (2008). Is there something unique about
marriage? The relative impact of marital status, relationship quality, and network
social support on ambulatory blood pressure and mental health. Annals of behavioral
medicine, 35(2), 239-244.
IBM Corp. [Computer Software]. (2016). IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 24.0.
Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.
Jakubiak, B. K., & Feeney, B. C. (2017). Affectionate touch to promote relational,
psychological, and physical well-being in adulthood: A theoretical model and review
of the research. Personality and Social Psychology Review, 21(3), 228-252.
Johansson, A., Jern, P., Santtila, P., von der Pahlen, B., Eriksson, E., Westberg, L.,
Nyman, H., Pensar J., Corander, J. & Sandnabba K. N. (2013). The Genetics of
Sexuality and Aggression (GSA) Twin Samples in Finland. Twin Research and
Human Genetics, 16(01), 150-156.
Johnson, W., Krueger, R. F., Bouchard, T. J., & McGue, M. (2002). The personalities of
twins: Just ordinary folks. Twin Research and Human Genetics, 5(2), 125-131.
Kanai, Y., Sasagawa, S., Chen, J., Shimada, H., & Sakano, Y. (2010). Interpretation bias
for ambiguous social behavior among individuals with high and low levels of social
anxiety. Cognitive Therapy and Research, 34(3), 229-240.
Karney, B. R., Bradbury, T. N., Fincham, F. D., & Sullivan, K. T. (1994). The role of
negative affectivity in the association between attributions and marital
satisfaction. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 66(2), 413-424.
Kim, H. K., & McKenry, P. C. (2002). The relationship between marriage and
psychological well-being. Journal of Family Issues, 23(8), 885-911.
Kronmüller, K. T., Backenstrass, M., Victor, D., Postelnicu, I., Schenkenbach, C., Joest,
K., Fielder P. & Mundt, C. (2011). Quality of marital relationship and depression:
Results of a 10-year prospective follow-up study. Journal of Affective
Disorders, 128(1-2), 64-71.
Lavee, Y., & Ben-Ari, A. (2004). Emotional expressiveness and neuroticism: Do they
predict marital quality? Journal of Family Psychology, 18(4), 620.

33

Lee, J., Mathews, A., Shergill, S., & Yiend, J. (2016). Magnitude of negative interpretation
bias depends on severity of depression. Behaviour Research and Therapy, 83, 26-34.
Lichtenstein-Vidne, L., Okon-Singer, H., Cohen, N., Todder, D., Aue, T., Nemets, B., &
Henik, A. (2017). Attentional bias in clinical depression and anxiety: The impact of
emotional and non-emotional distracting information. Biological Psychology, 122,
4-12.
Långström, N., & Zucker, K. J. (2005). Transvestic fetishism in the general
population. Journal of Sex & Marital Therapy, 31(2), 87-95.
Maisel, N. C., & Karney, B. R. (2012). Socioeconomic status moderates associations
among stressful events, mental health, and relationship satisfaction. Journal of
Family Psychology, 26(4), 654-660.
Malouff, J. M., Thorsteinsson, E. B., Schutte, N. S., Bhullar, N., & Rooke, S. E. (2010).
The five-factor model of personality and relationship satisfaction of intimate
partners: A meta-analysis. Journal of Research in Personality, 44(1), 124-127.
Mamun, A. A., Clavarino, A. M., Najman, J. M., Williams, G. M., O'Callaghan, M. J., &
Bor, W. (2009). Maternal depression and the quality of marital relationship: a 14year prospective study. Journal of women's health, 18(12), 2023-2031.
Martinelli, A., Ackermann, K., Bernhard, A., Freitag, C. M., & Schwenck, C. (2018).
Hostile attribution bias and aggression in children and adolescents: A systematic
literature review on the influence of aggression subtype and gender. Aggression and
violent behavior, 39, 25-32.
Mathieson, L. C., Murray-Close, D., Crick, N. R., Woods, K. E., Zimmer-Gembeck, M.,
Geiger, T. C., & Morales, J. R. (2011). Hostile intent attributions and relational
aggression: The moderating roles of emotional sensitivity, gender, and
victimization. Journal of abnormal child psychology, 39(7), 977.
McLeod, J. D. (1994). Anxiety disorders and marital quality. Journal of Abnormal
Psychology, 103(4), 767.
McNulty, J. K., Wenner, C. A., & Fisher, T. D. (2016). Longitudinal associations among
relationship satisfaction, sexual satisfaction, and frequency of sex in early
marriage. Archives of Sexual Behavior, 45(1), 85-97.
34

Muris, P., Schmidt, H., Lambrichs, R., & Meesters, C. (2001). Protective and vulnerability
factors of depression in normal adolescents. Behaviour research and therapy, 39(5),
555-565.
Muthén, L. K., & Muthén, B. O. (2015). Mplus. Version 7.4 [Computer software]. Los
Angeles, CA: Muthén & Muthén.
Peckham, A. D., McHugh, R. K., & Otto, M. W. (2010). A meta‐analysis of the magnitude
of biased attention in depression. Depression and anxiety, 27(12), 1135-1142.
Petkus, A., Gum, A., Small, B., Malcarne, V., Stein, M., & Wetherell, J. (2010).
Evaluation of the factor structure and psychometric properties of the brief symptom
inventory-18 with homebound older adults. International Journal of Geriatric
Psychiatry, 25(6), 578-587.
Peterson, C. M., Peugh, J., Loucks, L., & Shaffer, A. (2018). Emotional maltreatment in
family of origin and young adult romantic relationship satisfaction: A dyadic data
analysis. Journal of social and personal relationships, 35(6), 872-888.
Proulx, C. M., Helms, H. M., & Buehler, C. (2007). Marital quality and personal well‐
being: A meta‐analysis. Journal of Marriage and family, 69(3), 576-593.
Randall, A. K., & Bodenmann, G. (2009). The role of stress on close relationships and
marital satisfaction. Clinical psychology review, 29(2), 105-115.
Robles, T. F., Slatcher, R. B., Trombello, J. M., & McGinn, M. M. (2014). Marital quality
and health: A meta-analytic review. Psychological bulletin, 140(1), 140-187.
Rogge, R. D., Bradbury, T. N., Hahlweg, K., Engl, J., & Thurmaier, F. (2006). Predicting
marital distress and dissolution: Refining the two-factor hypothesis. Journal of
Family Psychology, 20(1), 156.
Røsand, G. M. B., Slinning, K., Eberhard-Gran, M., Røysamb, E., & Tambs, K. (2012).
The buffering effect of relationship satisfaction on emotional distress in
couples. BMC public health, 12(1), 66.
Schmitt, M., Kliegel, M., & Shapiro, A. (2007). Marital interaction in middle and old age:
A predictor of marital satisfaction? The International Journal of Aging and Human
Development, 65(4), 283-300.
35

Schönenberg, M., & Jusyte, A. (2014). Investigation of the hostile attribution bias toward
ambiguous facial cues in antisocial violent offenders. European archives of
psychiatry and clinical neuroscience, 264(1), 61-69.
Smith, H. L., Summers, B. J., Dillon, K. H., Macatee, R. J. & Cougle, J. R. (2016). Hostile
interpretation bias in depression. Journal of Affective Disorders, 203, 9-13.
Soons, J. P., Liefbroer, A. C., & Kalmijn, M. (2009). The long‐term consequences of
relationship formation for subjective well‐being. Journal of Marriage and
Family, 71(5), 1254-1270.
Trillingsgaard, T., Baucom, K. J., & Heyman, R. E. (2014). Predictors of change in
relationship satisfaction during the transition to parenthood. Family Relations, 63(5),
667-679.
Tuente, S. K., Bogaerts, S., & Veling, W. (2019). Hostile attribution bias and aggression in
adults - A systematic review. Aggression and violent behavior, 46(3), 66-81.
Whisman, M. A., Uebelacker, L. A., & Weinstock, L. M. (2004). Psychopathology and
marital satisfaction: the importance of evaluating both partners. Journal of
consulting and clinical psychology, 72(5), 830.
Whisman, M. A., & Uebelacker, L. A. (2009). Prospective associations between marital
discord and depressive symptoms in middle-aged and older adults. Psychology and
aging, 24(1), 184-189.
Whitton, S. W., & Kuryluk, A. D. (2012). Relationship satisfaction and depressive
symptoms in emerging adults: Cross-sectional associations and moderating effects of
relationship characteristics. Journal of Family Psychology, 26(2), 226.
Yeager, D. S., Miu, A. S., Powers, J., & Dweck, C. S. (2013). Implicit theories of
personality and attributions of hostile intent: A meta‐analysis, an experiment, and a
longitudinal intervention. Child development, 84(5), 1651-1667.

36

Appendix

Table A1
Associations with the variable age in the cross-sectional model

Variable

β

β [95% CI]
LL

UL

SE

p

Rel.Sat

-.08

-.14

-.03

0.03

< .01

Psy.Dis

-.09

-.12

-.06

0.02

< .01

Stat

-.01

-.08

.07

0.05

.87

Note. Rel.Sat = Relationship satisfaction; Psy.Dis = Psychological distress; Stat=
whether an individual’s relationship ended between the two time points or not;
LL=Lower limit of 95% confidence interval; UL= Upper limit of 95% confidence
interval

Table A2
Associations with the variable age in the longitudinal model

Variable

β

β [95% CI]
LL

UL

SE

p

Rel.Sat (T1)

-.14

-.21

-.08

0.04

< .01

Psy.Dis (T1)

-.05

-.12

.01

0.04

< .01

HAB

-.05

-.11

.02

0.04

.24

Rel.Sat (T2)

-.01

-.06

.04

0.03

.63

Psy.Dis (T2)

-.04

-.09

.01

0.03

.26

Note. Rel.Sat = Relationship satisfaction; Psy.Dis = Psychological distress; HAB=
Hostile Attribution Bias; T1=Time 1 (2013); T2=Time 2 (2018); LL=Lower limit of
95% confidence interval; UL= Upper limit of 95% confidence interval

37

PRESSMEDDELANDE

Låg tillfredställelse med parförhållande prediceras av fientlig attributionsbias hos
kvinnor
Pro gradu avhandling i psykologi
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi, Åbo Akademi
Resultaten från en pro-gradu avhandling i psykologi vid Åbo Akademi tyder på att fientlig
attributionsbias, en tendens att tolka andras motiv som fientliga, predicerar låg
tillfredställelse med parförhållandet hos kvinnor. Avhandlingen utforskade associationer
mellan HAB, tillfredställelse med parförhållandet och psykisk ohälsa i form av ångest och
depression över en fem års period.
Studiens sampel bestod av 2175 kvinnliga tvillingar från Finnish population-based
Genetics of Sexuality and Aggression (GSA) projektet. Information gällande studiens
variabler införskaffades genom frågeformulär. Analyserna utfördes i två delar; en
tvärsnittsmodell där alla 2175 deltagare togs med och en longitudinell modell, där de 711
deltagare som varit i samma parförhållande under båda mättillfällen togs med. Modellerna
utfördes med strukturell ekvationsmodellering. Utöver tillfredställelse med parförhållandet
predicerade fientlig attributionsbias även högre nivåer av ångest och depression hos
kvinnor, vilket tidigare påvisats ha en betydande inverkan på tillfredställelse med
parförhållandet.
Samband mellan fientlig attributionsbias, tillfredställelse med parförhållande och psykisk
ohälsa har inte tidigare utforskats och avhandlingen bidrar därmed intressant information
för forskning om romantiska förhållanden.
Avhandligen utfördes av Jannik Andelin under handledning av forskardoktor Ada
Johansson och forskardoktor Patrick Jern.
Ytterligare information fås av:
Jannik Andelin
Tel. 0400796907
E-post: jandelin@abo.fi
38

