Executive outcome in pediatric mild TBI as measured by parent rating of daily functioning

Janina Söderling
Master’s Thesis in Psychology
Supervisors: Mari Saarinen and Mira Karrasch
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Åbo Akademi, 2020

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND
THEOLOGY

Subject: Psychology
Author: Janina Söderling
Title: Executive outcome in pediatric mild TBI as measured by parent rating of daily
functioning
Supervisors: Mari Saarinen and Mira Karrasch
Abstract:
The existing literature on neurobehavioral outcomes after a pediatric mild traumatic brain
injury (mTBI) is conflicting, despite of its common occurrence. The present study
examined parent-rated executive functioning (EF) of children with mTBI at 1–3 months
after injury compared to peers with an orthopedic injury (OI). The study sample consisted
of 51 children, 37 with mTBI and 14 with OI, aged 7–16 years at the time of the injury.
Parent version of Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF)
questionnaire (Gioia, Isquith, Guy & Kenworthy, 2000) was used to measure the EF of
the children. Additionally, a Full-Scale Intelligence Quotient (FSIQ) score was calculated
for all children. Three different summative scores were retrieved from the BRIEF
questionnaire and set as dependant variables in the following analysis. A multivariate
analysis of covariance was conducted to analyse the effects of injury type (TBI,
orthopedic) on parent-rated EF skills when controlled for FSIQ. The results showed no
significant group differences on EF skills. A subsequent case-by-case analysis showed
that despite of the lack of a group difference, a higher percentage of the children in mTBI
group compared to the OI group had clinically significant BRIEF scores (T score ≥ 65) on
all three of the composite scores. The results from this study do not support the
hypothesis that children with mTBI as a group would show more EF problems in their
everyday life at 1–3 months after injury compared to their peers with orthopedic injury.
Nevertheless, a percentage-wise larger sub-group of children with mTBI than with OI
showed clinically elevated BRIEF scores, suggesting that some children with mTBI
develop executive problems. This highlights the need for careful individual assessment,
as a small percentage of the mTBI children could be in need for support.
Keywords: Mild traumatic brain injury, mTBI, pediatric, BRIEF, executive function,
parent rating
Date: 04.06.2020
Level: Master’s Thesis

Page count: 29

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI

Ämne: Psykologi
Författare: Janina Söderling
Titel: Lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada och föräldraskattade exekutiva funktioner hos barn
och unga
Handledare: Mari Saarinen och Mira Karrasch
Abstrakt:
Forskningsresultaten på de kognitiva följderna av barns lindriga traumatiska hjärnskador
(THS) är motstridiga, trots att traumatiska hjärnskador hör till de mest förekommande
pediatriska skadorna. Denna studie granskade exekutiva funktioner (EF) hos barn med
lindrig hjärnskada, jämfört med barn med ortopedisk skada (OS). Studiens sampel bestod
av sammanlagt 51 barn i åldern 7–16, varav 37 barn hade en lindrig THS och 14 en OS.
Föräldraskattade EF mättes med hjälp av föräldraformuläret the Behavior Rating
Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF). Information om barnets allmänna kognitiva
förmåga erhölls med hjälp av Wechsler Intelligence scale for children (WISC IV;
Wechsler, 2010). En multivariat kovariansanalys gjordes för att mäta effekterna av skada
(lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada, ortopedisk skada) på tre olika summapoäng från BRIEF,
medan effekterna av intelligensnivån kontrollerades för. Resultaten visade inga
signifikanta gruppskillnader mellan barn med lindrig THS och OI på EF. Efter dessa
icke-signifikanta resultat utfördes en mera deskriptiv jämförelse på de barn som
överskred poänggränsen för klinisk signifikans på de tre BRIEF skalorna (T ≥ 65). Denna
jämförelse visade att en procentuellt större andel barn visade kliniskt signifikanta poäng i
THS gruppen jämfört med OS gruppen. Resultaten ur denna studie stöder inte hypotesen
att barn med en lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada skulle visa mera problem med EF jämfört
med barn som fått en ortopedisk skada. Däremot kan en andel av barnen som fått en
lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada utveckla problem med EF. Dessa fynd betonar behovet av
en noggrann individuell bedömning för att identifiera de barn som kan vara i behov av
fortsatt stöd efter en lindrig THS.
Nyckelord: lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada, pediatrisk, exekutiva funktioner, BRIEF,
föräldraskattning
Datum: 04.06.2020
Nivå: Pro gradu avhandling

Sidtal: 29

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
In Turku, June 2020
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my supervisors, Mari Saarinen and Mira
Karrasch for their important and valuable input throughout the whole process. A special
thanks to Mari for letting me take part of the project and helping me through the timeconsuming process of data gathering. Thank you, Mira, for making it easy to ask for help and
for always taking the time to give advice and feedback on my writing. I would also like to
express my gratitude to the members of our seminar group: Professor Matti Laine, and the
other students, for their helpful and valuable comments. Finally, I want to thank all my
friends and family for the support and encouragement you gave me. Thank you.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Abstract
Swedish abstract
Acknowledgements
INTRODUCTION .............................................................................................................................................. 1
Defining Mild Traumatic Brain Injury ............................................................................................... 3
Assessment of Executive Functions.................................................................................................... 4
Previous studies ......................................................................................................................................... 5
Aim of the Study ......................................................................................................................................... 6
METHOD ............................................................................................................................................................ 7
Participants .................................................................................................................................................. 7
Procedure ..................................................................................................................................................... 9
Measures ..................................................................................................................................................... 10
Data Analysis ............................................................................................................................................. 11
RESULTS .......................................................................................................................................................... 11
Follow-up analyses ................................................................................................................................. 14
DISCUSSION.................................................................................................................................................... 15
Main Findings and Interpretation ..................................................................................................... 17
Limitations of the Study ........................................................................................................................ 19
Conclusions ................................................................................................................................................ 20
Swedish Summary ....................................................................................................................................... 21
References ...................................................................................................................................................... 26

1

INTRODUCTION
Traumatic brain injury (TBI) accounts for a significant portion of injury-related
disability and death worldwide in children and adolescents (Anderson & Catroppa,
2006; Sariaslan, Sharp, D’Onofrio, Larsson & Fazel, 2016; Sesma et al., 2008). As a
large portion (70-90%) of all treated brain injuries are mild, mild traumatic brain
injuries (mTBI) are amongst the most frequently occurring pediatric injuries overall
(Cassidy et al., 2004, Maas et al., 2017; McKinlay, 2009).
Neurobehavioral outcomes after TBI in children are not yet fully understood,
and several controversies still exist. When looking at all levels of severity of pediatric
TBI studies have found reduced performance in different domains including language,
memory, psychosocial functioning and motor, perceptual and spatial skills (Babikian &
Asarnow, 2009; Levin & Hanten, 2005). This wide variety of symptoms is characteristic
of TBI, reflecting the existing heterogeneity of the injuries (Babikian & Asarnow,
2009). The outcome following TBI is moderated by the different pathophysiological
changes in the brain following the injury, and still, when changes in the brain are
detected, the cognitive impairments following these changes are not consistent or
manifested (McInnes, Friesen, MacKenzie, Westwood & Boe, 2017). Many of these
moderating factors are problematic not only for pediatric patients but for patients of all
ages, but in pediatric TBI the fact that the brain is still developing makes age a
particularly important moderating factor.
The real impact of a TBI may sometimes become noticeable later in the
development process when expectations increase and it becomes more difficult for the
child to meet environmental, behavioral, academic, emotional, and social demands
(Gioia & Isquith, 2004; Slomine et al., 2002). A child can appear to have no symptoms
after the injury but later on suffer from significant impairments (Hudspeth & Pribram,
1990; Yeates & Taylor, 2005). Different cognitive skills develop throughout childhood
and since the child’s nervous systems is still under development, a TBI in childhood can
disrupt or delay functions that are still not established (Nadebaum, Anderson &
Catroppa, 2007). The findings from a study by Hessen et al. (2007) indicate that
children with mild TBI may be more sensitive to development of prolonged mild
neuropsychological dysfunction compared to adults with similar head injuries.

2
Studies have also struggled with measuring the extent of the impairments. A
majority of symptoms disappear within the first weeks after the injury and it is not
always clear whether the deficits will be permanent; therefore, the timepoint of the
assessment plays a significant role (Babikian & Asarnow, 2009). These factors
inevitably lead to the wide range of cognitive and behavioral symptoms reported in
different studies.
It has been established that the majority of children with moderate to severe TBI
experience some cognitive and/or behavioral impairments, albeit perhaps temporarily.
However, knowledge on the cognitive symptoms following mTBI is more limited,
despite its common occurrence (Anderson & Catroppa, 2006). The existing literature
shows little evidence for long-term group-level impairments in mTBI detected with
standardized cognitive testing (Kirkwood et al., 2008). On the other hand, when
comparing subjective symptom reports from children with mTBI to peers with other
types of injuries, children with mTBI report more frequent and severe problems (Yeates
& Taylor, 2005). The complications are more often noticed at the individual level, when
some of the children with an injury initially classified as mild might develop long-term
problems requiring support by health professionals (Cassidy et al., 2004; Hessen,
Nestvold & Anderson, 2007; Taylor et al., 2010). This is what more recent studies have
been trying to further explore, and findings indicate that 5–20 % of children with mTBI
do experience prolonged or persistent symptoms (McInnes, Friesen, MacKenzie,
Westwood & Boe, 2017). These estimates have since been criticised by Iverson, Karr,
Gardner, Silverberg and Terry (2019) for being based on flawed methodology.
There is a lack of established recommendations for postacute rehabilitation and
long-term interventions, for children suffering TBI, as most of the standards applied in
the pediatric field are still borrowed from approaches used in the adult field (Anderson
& Catroppa, 2006). Scandinavian guidelines were produced by Astrand, Rosenlund and
Undén (2016) in an attempt to find more evidence-based ways of treating pediatric
populations after a mild or moderate head trauma. They emphasize that new research is
needed due to rapid development within the field of pediatric neurotrauma, and state
that the poor quality of evidence gathered thus far is a limitation to their study. This
motivates further research on mTBI symptomatologies with pediatric samples. It is well
established that the age at injury plays a role in the recovery from TBI, emphasizing the
need for more age-sensitive studies and clinical guidelines (Sariaslan, Sharp, D’Onofrio,
Larsson & Fazel, 2016).

3
Defining Mild Traumatic Brain Injury
A traumatic brain injury is defined as a disruption of brain structure or function, or other
evidence of pathology in brain, caused by an external force (Menon, Schwab, Wright &
Maas, 2010). There is, however, no consensus on the definition of mild TBI: the
diagnostic criteria may vary across studies and there are several terms used
synonymously, complicating the comparisons between different studies. This
shortcoming is not only limited to the pediatric field, but a problem with mTBI research
in general. The term concussion has sometimes confusingly been used in the literature
synonymously with mTBI (Karr, Areshenkoff & Garcia-Barrera, 2014), yet some argue
that a concussions should be considered only as a subtype of mTBI, and that the terms
should therefore not be used interchangeably (Hamilton & Keller, 2010).
Pertab, James and Bigler (2009) addressed the opposing conclusions in the
literature of mTBI by re-analysis of existing meta-analyses, including studies with
samples of all ages. Since the diagnostic criterion for mTBI varied across different
studies, they tried to explore diagnostic criteria as a moderating variable for mTBI
outcome. However, they found too much heterogeneity across the studies to make a
detailed exploration of the effects and could therefore not draw any conclusions on this
issue. Of the 25 studies included, three studies failed to define the criteria they had used,
several studies had vague criteria, and some had atypically low inclusion criteria for
mTBI (two studies defined mTBI as a blow to the head that caused the person to stop
what they are doing). Seven studies met the American Congress criteria and one study
used the American Academy of Neurology criteria. This highlights the need for more
consistency in defining mTBI and is another explaining factor to the conflicting results
of the research on mTBI (McKinlay, 2009; Cassidy et al., 2004).
The criteria for mild TBI in adults in Finland include a Glasgow Coma Scale
(GCS) of 13-15 points (½ hour after injury and after that for the whole follow-up
period). Furthermore, one of the following needs to be present: not more than 30
minutes of loss of consciousness (LOC), not more than 24 hours of post-traumatic
amnesia (PTA), minor intracranial findings in head CT or MRI (such as a small amount
of blood in subarachnoid space or a small subarachnoid haematoma; Brain Injuries:
Current Care Guidelines, 2017). These were the guidelines used when defining mTBI in
this study.

4
Assessment of Executive Functions
Disruption of executive functions (EF) is one of the most pervasive consequences of
TBI (Nadebaum, Anderson & Catroppa, 2007). EF include a variety of related abilities
that are collected under the same construct, although they can also be seen as distinct
functions. EFs are involved in all purposeful activity or supervisory functions and are
fundamental for directing, coordinating and regulation of cognitive and behavioral
action (Gioia, Isquith, Kenworthy & Barton, 2002; Gioia, Kenworthy, Isquith, 2010)
Impairments in EF can lead to difficulties with sustained attention, inhibition, problem
solving, self-regulation, shifting, strategic planning, initiation and organization
(Jacobson, Williford & Pianta, 2011; Slomine et al., 2002). These problems may occur
in the absence of other cognitive deficits (Gioia & Isquith, 2004).
Broadly speaking, EF skills can be measured with different types of approaches:
either by measuring performance in cognitive tests or by using rating scales.
Standardized cognitive measures or performance-based tests focus on more controlled
performance and distinct skills, conducted in distraction-free environments. Rating
scales provide information on symptoms in relation to everyday functioning. Ratings
can be conducted by the person affected or a person close to the affected (a so-called
proxy-rating). It has been argued that ratings provide more ecologically valid
information (Gioia & Isquith, 2004).
One problem is that the results from these two measurement types do not always
correlate, leading to a gap between standardized cognitive testing and
experienced/observed symptoms (Gioia & Isquith, 2004; Gioia, Kenworthy, Isquith,
2010, McKinley, 2009; Yeates & Taylor, 2005). EF deficits can be difficult to identify
using single tests and standardized neuropsychological measures, as the problems they
cause are often complex and depend on environmental factors (Slomine et al., 2002).
When the testing situation is a standardized environment, with little distractions and
very clear instructions, it is more likely that the person can perform better and cope with
possible deficits (Silver, 2000; Slomine et al., 2002). Both of these measures and
approaches are needed, since different deficits can be detected with neuropsychological
assessments and others with monitoring the person in real life settings, still both
contribute to understanding the deficits.
The Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF) questionnaire
aims to capture behavioral expressions of executive dysfunction as they are presented in

5
everyday functioning (Gioia & Isquith, 2004). The scores are measured across eight
subscales further comprised into two composites: The Behavioral Regulation Index
(BRI) and the Metacognition Index (MI). These two composites are further
summarized to a General Executive Composite Score (GEC) that incorporates all of the
scales. The BRIEF questionnaire allows teachers or parents to assess the child's EF
during daily activities, and includes aspects of the child’s metacognitive, behavioral,
and emotional abilities. BRIEF has been validated as a tool for assessing executive
functions in typically developing and children and in different clinical groups, including
TBI (Gioia & Isquith, 2004). The majority of studies using BRIEF have been conducted
with moderate-to-severe TBI, and its implementation for mTBI cases needs therefore to
be examined further (Maillard-Wermelinger et al., 2009).

Previous studies
To the best of the author’s knowledge there are only three studies examining EF in
pediatric mTBI and controls using a parent completed BRIEF. In a study by MaillardWermelinger et al. (2009) test performance on Cambridge Neuropsychological Testing
Automated Battery (CANTAB) and parent completed BRIEF in 8–15 year old children
with mTBI (n = 186) was compared to that of children with mild orthopedic injuries (n
= 99). The parents completed the BRIEF at 3- and 12-months post-injury follow-up
assessments. The results indicated that there were no significant executive dysfunction
problems in mTBI patients one year after injury as measured with CANTAB and
BRIEF. However, there was a significant difference on one of the subscales in BRIEF,
indicating that the mTBI children had more problems with organizing of materials
compared to their peers in the orthopedic injuries group.
In the second study by Sesma et al. (2008) caregivers of 330 children aged from
5–15 with mild-to-severe traumatic brain injury, 185 of which had an injury classified
as mild, were asked to participate in a study measuring EF with BRIEF. The study
design also included a control group of children with orthopedic fractures (n = 103).
Caregivers had to complete BRIEF questionnaires within 3 weeks of hospitalization
(baseline), 3 and 12 months after injury. The results showed that all severities of TBI
(mild, moderate, and severe) differed on all three of the BRIEF composite scores (GEC,
BRI and MI), indicating more executive dysfunction at the 12 months post injury
measurement in the TBI group when compared to the fracture control group. There was

6
also a significant difference between GEC scores at 3 months after injury between the
mTBI and the fracture group.
In the third study Nadebaum, Anderson and Catroppa (2007) they only included
children aged 7 or younger at the time of injury. The results of this study are not
therefore directly comparable to the two previous BREIF studies. In this study
performances on different EF measures were compared between children with a TBI
(mild, moderate and severe) and an uninjured comparison group. No significant
differences in BRIEF scores were found between mild and moderate TBI patients when
compared to controls, and the EF performance overall on different measures was
considered to be within normal expectations for these patient groups.
The conflicting findings of these three studies highlight the unclarity
surrounding the neuropsychological sequelae of pediatric mTBI, regarding the
perceived EF difficulties measured with BRIEF. In sum, two of the previously presented
studies did not find any significant group differences between children with mTBI and
OI, on any of the three BRIEF composite scores. One study did find results indicating
more EF dysfunction in the pediatric mTBI group compared to the orthopedic fracture
group, when measuring both 3 and 12 months after injury.

Aim of the Study
The aim of the present study was to evaluate the neuropsychological functioning of
children and adolescents with mTBI at 1 to 3 months after injury, and to determine
whether their executive functioning as measured with the parent-completed BRIEF
questionnaire differs from that of a control group consisting of children and adolescents
with orthopedic injury. Since the evidence of experienced symptoms after a mTBI is
leaning to a direction that the deficits are not detected at group level with cognitive
testing (Babikian & Asarnow, 2009; Kirkwood et al., 2008), the present study focused
on parent evaluations of perceived problems. Based on previous research, parents to
children with mTBI report more preserved problems than parents of control children
(Yeates & Taylor, 2005), motivating the investigation of the effects of mTBI on EF in
less controlled situations. The hypothesis was that children with mTBI show more
executive problems in everyday life when compared to peers with orthopedic injury,
and when controlling for the overall intellectual performance level.

7
METHOD
The data for the present study was collected and retrieved as a part of a larger pediatric
research project initiated in 2018 (Cognitive and psychosocial recovery in pediatric
mild traumatic brain injury, Saarinen et al.). The aim of the research project is to
retrospectively study children and adolescents with mTBI in terms of
neuropsychological sequelae 1 to 3 months after injury and determine whether their
neurocognitive functioning differs from their peers. Additionally, long-term
consequences of the injury will be studied in terms of neuropsychological outcome,
health-related quality of life, and family functioning. The present study used parts of
this projects data to have measures on gender, age, overall intellectual performance
level (FSIQ) and EFs as measured by parent ratings.

Participants
During years 2010–2016 there were 694 patients treated at the Turku University Central
Hospital with a first hospital treated head trauma and linked CT and/or MRI
examination, who had sufficient information in the patient records about the initial
management, and were under 16 years of age at the time of injury. Of these cases, 178
patients (27 %) had undergone a neuropsychological evaluation between 1–3 months
after the injury, according to the hospital’s pediatric TBI protocol. Children whose TBI
was classified as mild were included in the study group. Eligibility criteria for mTBI
included the Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) of no less than 13/15, loss of consciousness
(LOC) of less than 30 minutes, and post traumatic amnesia (PTA) for no more than 24
hours. In cases where the GCS score was not entered in the patient database, it was
estimated retrospectively based on the documented clinical information. Only patients
aged 7–16 years at the time of injury (n = 120) were included in this study, in order to
make the study group more homogenous and the neuropsychological results more
comparable within the study population. The inclusion and exclusion process is
presented in Figure 1.
The control group consisted of children aged 7–16 treated in the Turku
University Hospital due to an orthopedic injury (OI). The data gathering process was
put on hold due to the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic, before the aimed sample
size of 30 children was reached. The final control group sample only included 14

8
children with OI who were successfully recruited and tested before the outbreak of the
pandemic in Spring 2020. The total sample consisted of 51 children, of whom 45.1 %
were girls and 54.9 % boys. The demographics and background characteristics of the
sample is shown in Table 1.

Figure 1. Flow Chart of the Inclusion and Exclusion Process of mTBI Patient

9

Table 1. Demographics and Background Characteristics of the Sample (N=51)

Gender

Age

FSIQ

Total (%)

MTBI (n=37)

OI (n=14)

Girls

23 (45.1)

16

7

Boys

28 (54.9)

21

7

Mean (SD)

12.1 (2.4)

12.0 (2.5)

12.2 (2.5)

Min

7.3

7.3

7.4

Max

15.5

15.2

15.5

99.5 (16.7)

96.2 (17.2)

108.4 (11.4)

Min

62.0

62.0

89.0

Max

139.0

139.0

129.0

Mean (SD)

Procedure
The data collection took place in two stages. The pediatric mTBI cases were
consecutive patients treated at the Turku University Hospital during 2010–2016.
Clinical and demographic data, as well as data from neuropsychological assessments
and MRI scans, were retrospectively collected from the patient records. As the data
collection was retrospective, the specific tests and questionnaires conducted to the
patients in the clinical setting varied. For the present study only cases having the
following information were included: TBI classified as mild, age between 7–16 at the
time of the injury, and a neuropsychological evaluation at 1–3 months after the injury
including a parent completed BRIEF questionnaire.
The second phase of the data collection concerned the controls who were
children treated at the Turku University Hospital pediatric surgery unit due to an
orthopedic injury. The OI group was chosen as a control group because they shared
the experience of a physical injury and the potential effects of a hospital stay. Patients
aged 7–16 years at the time of injury were invited to participate. A neuropsychological

10
test battery, consisting of tests similar to the ones conducted with the mTBI cases, was
scheduled and conducted 1–3 months after the orthopedic injury. Prior to participation
informed parental and child consent were obtained. At the assessment, clinical and
demographic data were collected with a clinical interview conducted to the child and
parent. After this interview the child completed neuropsychological testing while the
parent completed BRIEF questionnaire. Access to medical records was requested to
rule out prior head injuries treated at the hospital. Approval for the study was granted
by the Ethics Committee of The Hospital District of Southwest Finland and The Turku
University Hospital.

Measures
Demographic data and injury characteristics were retrieved from the medical records.
Injury symptoms at 1–3 months following mTBI were retrospectively gathered from the
patient records and were based on the clinical interview carried out as a part of the
neuropsychological evaluation. Requesting this information from the child or the
parents is a part of the pediatric TBI protocol of the hospital. The Full-Scale Intelligence
Quotient score (FSIQ) of the Wechsler Intelligence scale for children (WISC IV), was
used to define children's overall neurocognitive ability at 1–3 months following mTBI.
For the OI group demographic data were retrieved from medical records and from a
clinical interview, also including questions about injury symptoms 1–3 months
following injury and done in the same manner during the neuropsychological evaluation
as with the mTBI patients. During the neuropsychological evaluation five subtests
(Similarities, Vocabulary, Block Design, Digit Span, and Coding) from the Wechsler
Intelligence scale for children were administered to be able to calculate The Full-Scale
Intelligence Quotient score. Additional neuropsychological tests conducted to the OI
group are not further described here, since measures used in this present study are only
limited to age-adjusted versions of Wechsler Intelligence Scales and Behavior Rating
Inventory of Executive Functioning (Gioia, Isquith, Guy & Kenworthy, 2000).
BRIEF is a standardized 86-item parental and teacher rating scale developed to
assess discrete behaviors that reflect executive function problems in everyday
surroundings (Gioia, Isquith, Guy & Kenworthy, 2000). The child’s EF difficulties are
measured across eight subscales (Inhibit, Shift, Emotional Control, Initiate, Working
Memory, Plan/Organize, Organization of Materials and Monitor). The overall executive

11
functioning is summed to a General Executive Composite Score (GEC) and can further
be divided into two composites. These two composites are the Behavioral Regulation
Index (BRI), which measures how the child regulates his or her behavior, and the
Metacognition Index (MI), that measures the child’s problem solving, planning and
organizational skills. All scores are expressed in T scores (M = 50, SD = 10), with
higher scores indicating more deficits. T scores at or above 65 (1.5 SD over the mean)
can be considered as having a clinical significance (Gioia, Isquith, Guy & Kenworthy,
2000). The parent version of the BRIEF, which is used in this study, has good
reliability. Test-retest correlations are range between .76 and .85, and internal
consistencies from .80 to .97, in the normative sample of Gioia et al. (2000). The
Official Finnish translation of the BRIEF was used in this study.

Data Analysis
The statistical analyses were performed using IBM SPSS Statistics 25.0 for Macintosh
(IBM Corp., 2017). Before determining the covariates bivariate correlations (Pearson)
were conducted separately for age, gender and FSIQ on all three dependent variables
(BRIEF-GEC, BRIEF-BRI, and BRIEF-MI). Furthermore, two tests were performed to
explore if the groups would differ on age or gender, and if this would need to be
considered when interpreting the results. An independent samples t-test was performed
to determine if the groups differed on age and a contingency table analysis (Chi-Square
test) of gender and injury type (TBI, orthopedic) was performed to determine if the
groups differed on the distribution of gender.
For the main analysis, a multivariate analysis of covariance (MANCOVA) was
conducted to explore the possible differences between the groups (mTBI vs. OI) on
three dependent variables. The dependent variables were the three measures retrieved
from BRIEF: GEC, BRI, and MI. FSIQ was entered as a covariate, after ensuring that it
did not correlate with the independent variable.

RESULTS
Regarding the analyses of the three possible covariates age, gender, and FSIQ bivariate
correlations (Pearson) were conducted. No statistically significant correlations were

12
found between age and BRIEF scores (BRIEF-GEC, r(49) = .11, p = .424; BRIEF-BRI,
r(49) = .06 p = .677; BRIEF-MI, r(49) = .12, p = .411). All bivariate correlations
between gender and BRIEF scores were also non-significant (BRIEF-GEC, r(49) = .17,
p = .249; BRIEF-BRI, r(49) = .23, p = .107; BRIEF-MI, r(49) = .14, p = .342). Since
adding weak covariates is not recommended, age and gender were left out from the
analyses. The results showed, however, that FSIQ was associated with performances on
2 out of 3 BRIEF test scores (BRIEF-GEC, r(49) = -.30, p = .035; BRIEF-BRI, r(49) = .18, p = .218; BRIEF-MI, r(49) = -.32, p =.021). FSIQ was thus entered as the only
covariate.
Analyses done to explore the impact of background factors on the results in the
main analysis revealed non-significant results. No difference in age between the mTBI
and OI group was observed t(1,49) = .250, p = .619. The results from the contingency
table analysis (Chi-Square test) also revealed non-significant results χ2 (1) = .187, p =
.665, indicating that age and gender were equally distributed between the mTBI and OI
group. There was therefore no indication that differences on these background factors
would have impacted the results.
Prior to running the multivariate analysis of covariance (MANCOVA) the
assumptions for this analysis were analysed. Firstly, the distributions of normality and
outliers for all three of the dependant variables and the covariate were analysed.
Normality was tested with normality tests, Q-Q plots, and normality histograms. The
analyses showed that the covariate (FSIQ) was normally distributed (p = .200), when for
all three dependent variables Kolmogorov-Smirnov and Shapiro-Wilk were significant
(p < .05). A visual interpretation of the histograms showed that they were slightly
positively skewed, indicating non-normal distributions for the dependent variables.
When SPSS do not acquire a robust test for MANCOVA (Field, 2013), the results must
be interpreted in the light of the violation of this assumption.
The analysis of outliers showed two outliers in the mTBI group and one in the
OI group. The decision was made not to exclude any of these, since BRIEF as a variable
provide both a floor and ceiling value, and the outliers are therefore likely to reflect the
studied phenomenon, and its wide spread of outcomes. Furthermore, linearity between
the dependant variables and the covariate were analysed with a matrix scatter and
showed that the sample meets this assumption. Lastly, the conditions of both
homogeneity of variance and homogeneity of regression slopes were analysed. When
the results on these tests showed non-significant values for each dependent variable and

13
for the interaction of the independent variable and FSIQ (p > .05), the assumption of
these conditions were met and hence FSIQ could be added as a covariate.
For the main analysis a multivariate analysis of covariance was conducted with
all three composites from BRIEF as dependent variables and FSIQ as covariate. The
analysis revealed no statistically significant main effect of injury (mTBI, OI) on BRIEF
scores F(3,46) = .792, p = .505, partial η2 = .049. Mean scores of the two groups on the
BRIEF variables are shown in Figure 2.

Figure 2. Clustered Bar Diagram of the BRIEF Mean T Scores

14
Follow-up analyses
Correlative analyses. After the non-significant findings, a correlation analysis was
conducted to explore possible differences in rating styles between the mTBI and the OI
group. When using proxy-ratings it is of interest to examine if there are differences in
rating styles or standards between groups. A hypothesis for this follow-up analysis was
that if the assumed association between lower FSIQ and higher BRIEF scores (i.e. that
lower overall intellectual functioning would be associated with more executive
problems) would differ between groups, this could explain some of the unexpected
results. Bivariate correlations (Pearson) were conducted between FSIQ and the General
Executive Composite Score (GEC), separately for both of the groups (mTBI and OI).
For the mTBI group there was a trend-level negative correlation between FSIQ and
BRIEF (lower FSIQ associated with higher BRIEF scores, and higher BRIEF scores
indicating more executive problems) r(35)=-.30, p = .069. For the OI group a
corresponding negative correlation was not found r(12)=.028, p = .924. This difference
indicates that the parents of the children in the two groups may indeed have used
somewhat different rating styles.
Case-by-case analyses. Since the literature suggest that recovery after a mTBI seems to
be good at group level, and the complications are more often noticed at the individual
level, the non-significant results further motivated to a more case-by-case way of
analysing the data. When looking at the cut of scores for the three BRIEF composites
and comparing the clinically significant cases (T score ≥ 65) for both groups,
differences were detected between the groups. For the BRIEF General Executive
Composite Score there were 19 % (7/37) in the mTBI group and 7 % (1/14) in the OI
group exceeding the line of clinical significance. For the Behavioral Regulation Index,
the percentages were 11 % (4/37) for mTBI and 7 % (1/14) for OI. For the
Metacognition Index, the percentages were 16 % (6/37) for mTBI and 0 % for OI. This
is graphically presented as a dot plot of BRIEF scores by group (mTBI, OI) separately
for the three different BRIEF scores in Figure 3, 4 and 5. A statistical analysis (twosided Fisher’s exact test) was conducted to explore differences between children
showing clinical scores on any of the BRIEF scales between the mTBI group (21.6 %)
and the OI group (7.14 %). Results from this test showed a difference that was nonsignificant (p = .414).

15

Figure 3. BRIEF General Executive Composite Score T-scores for mTBI (n = 37) and
OI (n = 14)

Figure 4. BRIEF Behavioral Regulation Index T-scores for mTBI (n = 37) and OI (n =
14)

16

Figure 5. BRIEF Metacognition Index T-scores for mTBI (n = 37) and OI (n = 14)

17
DISCUSSION
The aim of this study was to explore parent-rated executive functioning in pediatric
mTBI. This was important considering the relatively frequent occurrence of pediatric
mTBIs and concerning the conflicting research findings on the neurobehavioral
outcomes of pediatric mTBI. Since previous research indicates that there is a gap
between results from standardized cognitive testing and rating scales, the focus of this
study was limited to the less controlled executive functions, presented in real life
settings as rated by parents. A hypothesis was that there would be experienced
difficulties with EFs, although these might not be detected with standardized cognitive
testing. In sum, the aim of the study was to investigate effects of mTBI on parent rated
EFs (measured with three different scales from the BRIEF questionnaire), using a OI
group as a control group. The hypothesis of this study was that children with mTBI
would have higher scores (indicating more problems), on the parent-completed BRIEF
questionnaire when compared to peers with orthopedic injury.

Main Findings and Interpretation
The results showed that there were no differences in parent-rated EFs between the
mTBI and the OI group, as measured 1–3 moths following injury. In other words, the
results did not support the study hypothesis.
When comparing findings from this study to the previous studies having
included a control group (Maillard-Wermelinger et al., 2009; Nadebaum et al., 2007;
Sesma et al., 2008) it is worth noting that all studies had different inclusion criteria for
age at injury. The present study included children over 7 years, the study by by Sesma et
al. (2008) that detected differences in EF between groups (mTBI vs. orthopedic
fracture) included slightly younger children (5 years and above). In the study by
Maillard-Wermelinger et al. (2009) only children aged over 8 years were included, and
no significant group differences were found. On the contrary, in the study by Nadebaum
et al. (2007), only children aged 7 and under, at the time of injury were included, and
this study did not find any significant results. The differing ages of the participants
might account for some of the discrepancy, since the age of injury is a moderating
factor. It is however not unequivocal when looking at these three studies that age at
injury would be the only explaining factor. In addition to age at injury factors known to

18
moderate the outcome are e.g. pre-morbid learning capacity, psychologic functioning,
family relationships, as well as organic changes in brain function (Yeats & Taylor,
2005).
Another potential explanation for the results in the present study could be the
measurement tool. Parent-version of the BRIEF parent rating questionnaire was used to
measure EF. BRIEF is a validated tool for assessing pediatric TBI, although previous
research using BRIEF have more often used the tool for detecting EF problems after a
moderate-to-severe TBI, and studies on its sensitivity for mTBI is lacking (MaillardWermelinger et al., 2009; Nadebaum, Anderson, & Catroppa, 2007). However, studies
have found deficits in children with mTBI (Sesma et al., 2008). Thus, the unexpected
findings are not likely to reflect limited test validity and any further conclusions on
whether or not BRIEF is the right tool for assessing EF functions following a mTBI,
cannot be drawn, nor was it an aim of the present study. Since previous studies have
found support both for and against detecting differences with BRIEF (MaillardWermelinger et al., 2009; Nadebaum, Anderson & Catroppa, 2007; Sesma et al., 2008),
more research is needed before determining whether or not BRIEF is the best tool for
assessing EFs in mTBI patients.
The correlation analysis conducted as a result of unexpected findings from the
main analysis, showed that the OI group differed from the mTBI group in terms of
correlation between FSIQ and BRIEF scores. The aim of this additional analysis was to
explore the possible differences in the parent rating-trends between the mTBI and the
OI group. In the mTBI group the expected negative correlation between general
intellectual functioning and executive problems was observed, albeit non-significant,
whereas the corresponding correlation in the orthopedic control group was close to zero.
This indicated that the parents in the two groups may have been using differing rating
styles. Since the correlation analyses were non-significant, the grounds for any further
speculations on whether this might have contributed to the non-significant findings are
weak.
As the groups (the OI group in particular) were small, a follow-up analysis on
the proportion of participants in the respective groups rising above the cut-off for
clinically significant impairment was conducted. In fact, a larger percentage of the
mTBI group had clinically significant BRIEF scores on all three of the composites,
compared to the OI group. The largest difference was found for the Metacognition
Index where all of the children in the OI group had scores under the cut-off (T ≥ 65),

19
compared to the mTBI group where six of the children had scores indicating clinical
significance. This could support the previous studies findings that Metacognition Index
is the most sensitive of the composites when assessing mild–sever TBI (Gioia,
Kenworthy, Isquith, 2010). The findings from this descriptive analysis could support the
hypothesis that there are children with mTBI who do experience EF problems, but that
these deficits are not detected with studies focusing on group differences. These
findings highlight the need for recognizing the child’s individual functioning and
deficits and the need for careful individual assessment, rather than focusing on EF
problems detected at a group level.

Limitations of the Study
The results from this study should be interpreted in the context of certain limitations.
The small sample size, due to the outbreak of the coronavirus pandemic before the
aimed sample size of the OI group was reached, is a limitation that may have impacted
the results from this study in different ways. The small sample size leads to the problem
that individuals selected to the OI group determines the outcome of the study to a higher
degree than with a bigger sample, and the small sample is not necessarily representative
of the whole population. Secondly, the small sample size lead to a weak statistical
power, which reduces the chance of finding a true effect. Since there is known to be
heterogeneity within the population of mTBI patients, big enough samples would be to
prefer when intending to find between-group differences. Thirdly, the small sample size
lead in this study to a violation of the assumption of normally distributed data for the
dependant variables.
There is also a need to consider the impact of the EF rating instrument used in
this study. EF was in this study assessed with the parent-rating scale from BRIEF, and a
limitation is that these results are not comparable with results from BRIEF teacherrating forms, self-ratings or standardized cognitive testing. These assessment methods
are not equivalent, and the results must always be interpreted with a limitation to the
method used. EF comprehend a much larger selection of functions than presented in this
study, and this needs to be considered when interpreting the results. When interpreting
findings from studies using questionnaires relying on subjective impressions, the
different rating styles cannot be controlled for. All parents completing the questionnaire
have their own interpretations of the questions, and this can lead to differing standards.

20
Finally, a limitation of this study is the study design used. When using a
retrospective data collection with the mTBI patients and only one timepoint of
assessment for the control group, causality cannot be determined. Findings from this
study could reflect pre-injury background characteristics that existed between groups,
that this study design was not able to control for. In order to make any causal
interpretations a longitudinal study design would be necessary.

Conclusions
The findings from this study did not support the hypothesis that there would be any EF
deficits following a mTBI, when measured with a parent rating questionnaire. The
descriptive information on the scores, however, indicate that larger number of the mTBI
children, compared to the OI children, have clinically significant BRIEF scores. This
indicates that a part of the mTBI group children experience EF problems in their
everyday life according to their parents. These findings only motivate to replicate a
similar study with bigger sample sizes, since it was a considerable limitation of this
present study. Future studies should continue exploring the consequences of pediatric
mTBI, since more research is needed on the consequences of mTBI in order to make
future clinical guidelines with access to more evidence-based research findings.

21
Swedish Summary

Lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada och föräldraskattade exekutiva funktioner hos barn och
unga
Traumatiska hjärnskador (THS) står för en stor del av de olyckor som orsakar
funktionsnedsättningar och dödsfall (Anderson & Catroppa, 2006; Sariaslan, Sharp,
D’Onofrio, Larsson & Fazel, 2016; Sesma et al., 2008). Då en stor del (70–90 %) av
alla traumatiska hjärnskador är lindriga, hör lindriga traumatiska hjärnskador till de
mest förekommande pediatriska skadorna (Cassidy et al., 2004; Maas et al., 2017;
McKinlay, 2009).
Forskningsresultaten på de kognitiva följderna av en THS hos barn och unga är
motstridiga. En THS kan leda till att funktioner som bland annat språk, minne,
psykosociala funktioner, motorik, perceptuella och spatiala förmågor drabbas som en
följd av skadan (Babikian & Asarnow, 2009; Levin & Hanten, 2005). Denna breda
variation av möjliga kliniska konsekvenser, även vid skador som klassificerats till
samma allvarlighetsgrad, beror på förekomsten av många olika modererande faktorer.
Faktorer som konstaterats ha en inverkan på utvecklingen av symtom är bland annat
barnets inlärningsförmåga, psykologisk funktionsförmåga, familjerelationer och olika
organiska förändringar i hjärnan (Yeats & Taylor, 2005). Då man studerar pediatrisk
THS är det även viktigt att ta hänsyn till att barnets hjärna ännu är under utveckling och
tidpunkten för skadan kan ha en avgörande betydelse för de kliniska konsekvenserna
(Gioia & Isquith, 2004; Slomine et al., 2002). Resultaten ur en studie visar att en barns
hjärna kan vara mer sårbar för utvecklandet av neuropsykologiska symtom efter en
THS, jämfört med liknande skador till en vuxen persons hjärna (Hessen, Nestvold &
Anderson, 2007).
En stor del av de barn som fått en medelsvår eller svår THS upplever någon typ
av kognitiva eller beteendemässiga nedsättningar. Det finns dock en viss osäkerhet
kring nedsättningarna som följer en lindrig THS (Anderson & Catroppa, 2006).
Återhämtningen efter en lindrig skada ser ut att vara tämligen bra på gruppnivå och mätt
med standardiserade kognitiva test förekommer få neuropsykologiska nedsättningar
(Kirkwood et al., 2008). På individnivå finns det dock barn som efter en lindrig THS

22
rapporterar subjektiva symptom och kan utveckla permanenta problem som kräver vård
(Cassidy et al., 2004; Hessen, Nestvold & Anderson, 2007; Taylor et al., 2010).
Det saknas en universellt accepterad definition på lindrig THS, vilket gör att
definitionerna varierar mellan olika studier. I Finland definieras lindrig THS för vuxna
som poäng mellan 13–15 på Glasgow Coma Scale (mätt en halv timme efter skadan och
efter det för hela uppföljningstiden). Vidare ska en av följande vara inkluderade: inte
mer än 30 minuter av förlust av medvetande, inte mer än en 24 timmars minneslucka
och endast lindriga avvikande fynd vid undersökning av hjärnan får förekomma (Brain
Injuries: Current Care Guidelines, 2017). Eftersom det i Finland saknas en definition
anpassad för barn och unga, användes definitionen för vuxna i denna studie.
Det finns en bred variation av olika definitioner på exekutiva funktioner (EF).
Begreppet innefattar olika funktioner som är samlade under samma paraplybegrepp och
gemensamt bidrar till bland annat uppmärksamhetsreglering, kognitiv flexibilitet och
informationshantering. Kort kan EF beskrivas som ett slags kontrollcenter som ansvarar
för koordinerande och reglerande av meningsfulla aktiviteter (Gioia, Isquith, Kenworthy
& Barton, 2002; Gioia, Kenworthy, Isquith, 2010). EF kan mätas antingen med
standardiserade kognitiva test eller med hjälp av skattningsskalor. Kognitiva testen
utförs i regel i kontrollerade förhållanden med fokus på distinkta funktioner. Med hjälp
av skattningsskalor vill man få fram och granska hur EF fungerar i vardagliga miljöer.
Skattningsskalorna kan utföras av den drabbade personen själv, eller av någon
närstående som har insyn i den drabbades vardagliga funktion. Problematiskt är att
resultaten som fås med de standardiserade kognitiva metoderna och med
skattningsskalorna inte tenderar att korrelera, vilket leder till en diskrepans mellan dessa
två metoder som antas mäta samma sak (Gioia & Isquith, 2004; Gioia, Kenworthy,
Isquith, 2010; McKinley, 2009; Yeates & Taylor, 2005).
The Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (BRIEF) är en
skattningsskala som används för att mäta EF i vardagen. Föräldern eller läraren
bedömer barnets vardagliga beteende på 8 olika delskalor som sedan summeras till två
olika sammansatta skalor: The Behavioral Regulation Index (BRI) och Metacognition
Index (MI). Vidare summeras dessa två till en summavariabel som innefattar alla
inkluderade skalor (General Executive Composite Score; GEC). Tidigare studier som
använt BRIEF som skattningsskala för att mäta EF hos barn med lindrig THS har funnit
stöd både för och emot förekomsten av exekutiva problem (Maillard-Wermelinger et
al.,2009; Nadebaum, Anderson & Catroppa 2007; Sesma et al., 2008).

23
Eftersom resultaten från tidigare studier tyder på att det finns lite stöd för att
man med standardiserade kognitiva test kan upptäcka problem med EF efter en lindrig
THS, gjordes valet att endast använda skattningsskalor som mätinstrument i denna
studie. Syftet med denna studie var att undersöka gruppskillnader mellan barn med
lindrig THS och barn med ortopedisk skada, på föräldraskattade EF medan man
kontrollerar för effekterna av intelligensnivå.
Metod
Denna studie gjordes i ett samarbete med ett större pediatriskt forskningsprojekt initierat
2018 (Cognitive and psychosocial recovery in pediatric mild traumatic brain injury,
Saarinen et al.). Projektet i fråga strävar efter att retrospektivt undersöka pediatriska
THS och kommer även följa upp de långsiktiga konsekvenserna skadan kan ha orsakat.
Denna studie använde delar av projektets data för att få mått på deltagarnas kön, ålder,
allmänna intelligensnivå och föräldraskattade EF. Studien beviljades etiskt tillstånd av
etiska kommittén inom Egentliga Finlands sjukvårdsdistrikt.
Det fanns 694 barn som vårdats på Åbo universitetscentralsjukhus mellan åren
2010–2016 för en traumatisk hjärnskada, som dessutom hade en genomgått en DT
och/eller MRI, hade information om en inledande examination och var under 16 år vid
tillfället av skadan. Inkluderings- och exkluderingsprocessen för de 37 barn som
inkluderades i denna studie presenteras i figur 1. Barn i åldern mellan 7–16 som vårdats
på Åbo universitetscentralsjukhus för ortopediska skador (OS) rekryterades till en
kontrollgrupp. Alla föräldrar och barn undertecknade informerat samtycke innan
deltagandet. Rekryteringsprocessen blev tvungen att avbrytas på grund av utbrottet av
coronaviruspandemin under våren 2020, innan målsättningen på 30 rekryterade barn
uppnåddes. Den slutliga kontrollgruppen bestod således endast av de 14 barn som
rekryterades och testades innan pandemin bröt ut. Hela samplet bestod därmed av 51
barn, varav 45,1 % var flickor och 54,9 % var pojkar.
Information om EF erhölls med hjälp av tre olika skalor (GEC, BRI och MI)
från frågeformuläret The Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function (Gioia,
Isquith, Guy & Kenworthy, 2000). BRIEF rapporterar alla poäng som standardiserade T
poäng, med ett medeltal på 50 poäng och en standardavvikelse på 10 poäng. Högre
poäng indikerade mera problem, medan poäng vid eller över 65 (1,5 SD över
medeltalet) kan anses ha ett kliniskt värde (Gioia, Isquith, Guy & Kenworthy, 2000).
Information om barnets allmänna kognitiva förmåga erhölls med hjälp av Wechsler

24
Intelligence scale for children (WISC IV; Wechsler, 2010). Fem deltest ur testbatteriet
användes för att räkna ut intelligenskvoten (likheter, ordförråd, blockmönster,
sifferrepetition och kodning). De statistiska analyserna genomfördes med programmet
IBM SPSS Statistics 24.0 för Macintosh (IBM Corp., 2017).
Resultat
Deskriptiva resultat i form av medeltal och standardavvikelser för båda grupperna
(lindrig THS och OS) är grafiskt presenterade i figur 2. Huvudanalysen, en multivariat
analys av varians och kovarians (MANCOVA), genomfördes för att undersöka effekter
av skada (lindrig THS och OS) på EF mätt med tre olika skalor från BRIEF (GEC, BRI,
MI). Intelligenskvot användes som kovariat. Samtliga antaganden för kovariansanalys
kontrollerades innan huvudanalysen gjordes.
Resultaten ur huvudanalysen visade inga statistiskt signifikanta skillnader på
BRIEF poäng mellan grupperna (F(3,46) = .792, p = .505, partial η2 = .049).
Genomförandet av en mer deskriptiv analys på individnivå blev motiverat efter de ickesignifikanta gruppskillnaderna. Denna analys visade att en procentuellt större
undergrupp av barn med lindrig THS än med OS hade kliniskt signifikanta BRIEF
poäng (T ≥ 65), på alla tre skalor. Detta presenteras grafiskt i figurerna 3, 4 och 5. En
statistisk analys (two-sided Fisher’s exact test) gjordes på de barn som visade kliniskt
signifikanta poäng på någon av de tre skalorna mellan barnen i lindriga THS gruppen
(21,6 %) och i OI gruppen (7,14 %). Resultaten visade att skillnaden mellan grupperna
var icke-signifikant (p = 0,414).
Diskussion
Denna studie ämnade att utforska eventuella problem i exekutiva funktioner efter en
pediatrisk lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada med hjälp av föräldraskattning. Resultatet ur
denna studie antyder att det inte fanns gruppskillnader i exekutiva funktioner mellan
barn som fått en lindrig hjärnskada och barn som fått en ortopedisk skada. Detta
överensstämmer med tidigare studier som inte funnit skillnader i EF på gruppnivå
(Maillard-Wermelinger et al., 2009; Nadebaum et al., 2007). Värt att notera är att
studien som funnit gruppskillnader inkluderade aningen yngre barn i sitt sampel, vilket
kan ha påverkat resultaten då ålder är en modererande faktor för utvecklandet av
symtom efter en traumatisk hjärnskada (Sesma et al., 2008)

25
En annan faktor som påverkat resultaten i denna studie är valet av mätinstrument
på exekutiva funktioner. Tidigare studier som utforskat följderna av traumatiska
hjärnskador och som använt föräldraskattningen BRIEF som mätinstrument har främst
inkluderat barn med medelsvåra till svåra skador i sina studier. Bevisen är ännu
bristande för hur bra denna skattningsskala är på att upptäcka symtom efter lindriga
skador (Nadebaum, Anderson, & Catroppa, 2007; Maillard-Wermelinger et al., 2009).
Eftersom sampelstorleken i denna studie var begränsad, speciellt beträffande
kontrollgruppen, gjordes en analys på den procentuella andelen barn med BRIEF poäng
över gränsvärdet för klinisk signifikans. Denna analys visade att en större procentuell
andel barn hade kliniska värden i den lindriga THS gruppen jämfört med OS gruppen.
Detta är i linje med tidigare studier som tyder på att en andel av barn med lindrig THS
kan utveckla problem med exekutiva funktioner, även om tillfrisknandet på gruppnivå
är bra (Cassidy et al., 2004; Hessen, Nestvold & Anderson, 2007; Taylor et al., 2010).
Dessa fynd betonar behovet av en noggrann individuell utredning i den initiala vården
för att identifiera de barn som kan vara i behov av fortsatt stöd.
I denna studie bör vissa briser tas i beaktande vid tolkningen av resultaten. En
liten sampelstorlek, på grund av utbrottet av coronaviruspandemin, ledde till att den
statistiska styrkan i analyserna var bristande. Kausala samband och tolkningar kan inte
göras på grund av forskningsupplägget i denna studie. Framtida studier bör använda
longitudinella upplägg och mera omfattande kartläggningar för att möjliggöra vidare
tolkningar.

References
Anderson, V., & Catroppa, C. (2006). Advances in Postacute Rehabilitation After
Childhood-Acquired Brain Injury. American Journal Of Physical Medicine &
Rehabilitation, 85(9), 767-778. doi: 10.1097/01.phm.0000233176.08480.22
Astrand, R., Rosenlund, C., & Undén, J. (2016). Scandinavian guidelines for initial
management of minor and moderate head trauma in children. BMC Medicine, 14(1).
doi: 10.1186/s12916-016-0574-x
Babikian, T., & Asarnow, R. (2009). Neurocognitive outcomes and recovery after pediatric
TBI: Meta-analytic review of the literature. Neuropsychology, 23(3), 283-296. doi:
10.1037/a0015268
Brain Injuries: Current Care Guidelines. Working group appointed by the Finnish Medical
Society Duodecim, The Finnish Society of Anaesthesiologists, Division of
Neuroanesthesia , Societas Medicinae Physicalis et Rehabilitationis Fenniae, Finnish
Neurosurgical Society, Finnish Neurological Society, Finnish Neuropsychological
Society, Association of Finnish Insurance Medicine Doctors (2017). Retrieved 18
April 2020, from https://www.kaypahoito.fi/hoi18020#R33
Catale, C., Marique, P., Closset, A., & Meulemans, T. (2009). Attentional and executive
functioning following mild traumatic brain injury in children using the Test for
Attentional Performance (TAP) battery. Journal Of Clinical And Experimental
Neuropsychology, 31(3), 331-338. doi: 10.1080/13803390802134616
Cassidy, J.D., Carroll, L.J., & Peloso, P. M. (2004). Incidence, risk factors and prevention
of mild traumatic brain injury: results of the WHO Collaborating Centre Task Force
on Mild Traumatic Brain Injury. Journal of Rehabilitation Medicine, 43, 28-60.
Field, A. (2013). Discovering Statistics Using IBM SPSS Statistics (4th edition). CA: Sage
Publications Ltd.
Gioia, G., Isquith, P., Guy, S., & Kenworthy, L. (2000). TEST REVIEW Behavior Rating
Inventory of Executive Function. Child Neuropsychology, 6(3), 235-238. doi:
10.1076/chin.6.3.235.3152

27
Gioia, G., Isquith, P., Kenworthy, L., & Barton, R. (2002). Profiles of Everyday Executive
Function in Acquired and Developmental Disorders. Child Neuropsychology, 8(2),
121-137. doi: 10.1076/chin.8.2.121.8727
Gioia, G., & Isquith P. K., (2004) Ecological Assessment of Executive Function in
Traumatic Brain Injury. Developmental Neuropsychology, 25(1), 135-158. doi:
10.1207/s15326942dn2501&2_8
Gioia, G., Kenworthy, L., & Isquith, P. (2010). Executive Function in the Real World.
Journal Of Head Trauma Rehabilitation, 25(6), 433-439. doi:
10.1097/htr.0b013e3181fbc272
Hamilton, N., & Keller, M. (2010). Mild traumatic brain injury in children. Seminars In
Pediatric Surgery, 19(4), 271-278. doi: 10.1053/j.sempedsurg.2010.06.005
Hudspeth, W., & Pribram, K. (1990). Stages of brain and cognitive maturation. Journal of
Educational Psychology, 82(4), 881–884. doi:10.1037/0022-0663.82.4.881
Hessen, E., Nestvold, K., & Anderson, V. (2007). Neuropsychological function 23 years
after mild traumatic brain injury: A comparison of outcome after paediatric and
adult head injuries. Brain Injury, 21(9), 963-979. doi: 10.1080/02699050701528454
IBM Corp. [Computer Software]. (2017). IBM SPSS Statistics for Macintosh, Version 25.0.
Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.
Iverson, G., Karr, J., Gardner, A., Silverberg, N., & Terry, D. (2019). Results of scoping
review do not support mild traumatic brain injury being associated with a high
incidence of chronic cognitive impairment: Commentary on McInnes et al. 2017.
PLOS ONE, 14(9), e0218997. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0218997
Jacobson, L., Williford, A., & Pianta, R. (2011). The role of executive function in children's
competent adjustment to middle school. Child Neuropsychology, 17(3), 255-280.
doi: 10.1080/09297049.2010.535654
Karr, J., Areshenkoff, C., & Garcia-Barrera, M. (2014). The neuropsychological outcomes
of concussion: A systematic review of meta-analyses on the cognitive sequelae of
mild traumatic brain injury. Neuropsychology, 28(3), 321-336. doi:
10.1037/neu0000037

28
Kirkwood, M., Yeates, K., Taylor, H., Randolph, C., McCrea, M., & Anderson, V. (2008).
Management of Pediatric Mild Traumatic Brain Injury: A Neuropsychological
Review From Injury Through Recovery. The Clinical Neuropsychologist, 22(5),
769-800. doi: 10.1080/13854040701543700
Levin, H., & Hanten, G. (2005). Executive Functions After Traumatic Brain Injury in
Children. Pediatric Neurology, 33(2), 79-93. doi:
10.1016/j.pediatrneurol.2005.02.002
Levin, H., Hanten, G., Roberson, G., Li, X., Ewing-Cobbs, L., & Dennis, M., … Swank, P.
(2008). Prediction of cognitive sequelae based on abnormal computed tomography
findings in children following mild traumatic brain injury. Journal Of Neurosurgery:
Pediatrics, 1(6), 461-470. doi: 10.3171/ped/2008/1/6/461
Maas, A. I. R., Menon, D. K., Adelson, P. D., Andelic, N., Bell, M. J., Belli, A., … Yaffe,
K. (2017). Traumatic brain injury: integrated approaches to improve prevention,
clinical care, and research. The Lancet Neurology, 16(12), 987–1048.
doi:10.1016/s1474-4422(17)30371-x
Maillard-Wermelinger, A., Yeates, K., Taylor, H., Rusin, J., Bangert, B., Dietrich, A., …
Wright, M. (2009). Mild traumatic brain injury and executive functions in schoolaged children. Developmental Neurorehabilitation, 12(5), 330-341. doi:
10.3109/17518420903087251
McInnes, K., Friesen, C., MacKenzie, D., Westwood, D., & Boe, S. (2017). Mild Traumatic
Brain Injury (mTBI) and chronic cognitive impairment: A scoping review. PLOS
ONE, 12(4), e0174847. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0174847
McKinlay, A. (2009). Controversies and outcomes associated with mild traumatic brain
injury in childhood and adolescences. Child: Care, Health And Development, 36(1),
3-21. doi: 10.1111/j.1365-2214.2009.01006.x
Menon, D., Schwab, K., Wright, D., & Maas, A. (2010). Position Statement: Definition of
Traumatic Brain Injury. Archives Of Physical Medicine And Rehabilitation, 91(11),
1637-1640. doi: 10.1016/j.apmr.2010.05.017
Nadebaum, C., Anderson, V., & Catroppa, C. (2007). Executive Function Outcomes
Following Traumatic Brain Injury in Young Children: A Five Year Follow-Up.

29
Developmental Neuropsychology, 32(2), 703-728. doi:
10.1080/87565640701376086
Pertab, J., James, K., & Bigler, E. (2009). Limitations of mild traumatic brain injury metaanalyses. Brain Injury, 23(6), 498-508. doi: 10.1080/02699050902927984
Sariaslan, A., Sharp, D., D’Onofrio, B., Larsson, H., & Fazel, S. (2016). Long-Term
Outcomes Associated with Traumatic Brain Injury in Childhood and Adolescence:
A Nationwide Swedish Cohort Study of a Wide Range of Medical and Social
Outcomes. PLOS Medicine, 13(8). doi: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1002103
Sesma, H., Slomine, B., Ding, R., & McCarthy, M. (2008). Executive Functioning in the
First Year After Pediatric Traumatic Brain Injury. PEDIATRICS, 121(6), e1686e1695. doi: 10.1542/peds.2007-2461
Silver, C. (2000). Ecological Validity of Neuropsychological Assessment in Childhood
Traumatic Brain Injury. Journal Of Head Trauma Rehabilitation, 15(4), 973-988.
doi: 10.1097/00001199-200008000-00002
Slomine, B., Gerring, J., Grados, M., Vasa, R., Brady, K., Christensen, J., & Denckla, M.
(2002). Performance on measures of 'executive function' following pediatric
traumatic brain injury. Brain Injury, 16(9), 759-772. doi:
10.1080/02699050210127286
Taylor, H., Dietrich, A., Nuss, K., Wright, M., Rusin, J., & Bangert, B., … Yeates, K.
(2010). Post-concussive symptoms in children with mild traumatic brain injury.
Neuropsychology, 24(2), 148-159. doi: 10.1037/a0018112
Yeates, K., & Taylor, H. (2005). Neurobehavioural outcomes of mild head injury in
children and adolescents. Pediatric Rehabilitation, 8(1), 5-16. doi:
10.1080/13638490400011199
Wechsler, D. Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children (WISC-IV) 4th Edition: Finnish
translation, NCS Pearson, Inc U.S.A., 2010.

PRESSMEDDELANDE
Barn och unga förefaller klara sig bra på gruppnivå efter en lindriga traumatisk
hjärnskada
Pro gradu-avhandling i psykologi
Fakulteten för humanoria, psykologi och teologi, Åbo Akademi
Resultaten från en pro-gradu avhandling i psykologi vid Åbo Akademi tyder på att barn och
unga inte uppvisar problem med exekutiva funktioner efter en lindrig traumatiska hjärnskada.
Dock tycks en procentuellt större andel barn med lindriga traumatiska hjärnskador överskrida
gränsen för kliniskt betydande problem, jämfört med barn som fått en ortopedisk skada.
Avhandlingen undersökte exekutiva funktionerna med hjälp av föräldraskattningar över
fungerande i vardagen. Tidigare studier inom detta ämne visar motstridiga resultat på hur
exekutiva funktioner påverkas som följd av en lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada hos barn och
unga.
I datat för denna avhandling inkluderades barn i ålder 7–16. Sammanlagt bestod samplet av
51 barn, 37 med lindrig traumatisk hjärnskada och 14 med ortopedisk skada. Datat var en del
av ett större forskningsprojekt initierat 2018 (Cognitive and psychosocial recovery in
pediatric mild traumatic brain injury, Saarinen et al.) med målsättningen att utreda
neuropsykologiska följder av lindriga traumatiska hjärnskador hos barn och unga.
Avhandlingen utfördes av Janina Söderling under handledning av Mari Saarinen, PsL (VET)
och akademilektor Mira Karrasch.

Ytterligare information fås av:
Janina Söderling
Psykologi/Åbo Akademi
E-post: janina.soderling@abo.fi

