MASTER´S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Sara Lindström
INTERNATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTION – BALANCING ON A
THIGROPE BETWEEN PROCEDURAL EFFECTIVENESS AND THE
PROTECTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS – The Hague Child Abduction
Convention and the European Court of Human Rights

Master´s Thesis in Public
International Law
Master´s Programme in International
Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi 2020

2

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master’s Degree Programme in International Law and
Human Rights
Author: Sara Lindström
Title of the Thesis: International child abduction – balancing on a tightrope between procedural
effectiveness and the protection of human rights – The Hague Child Abduction Convention and
the European Court of Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
International child abduction cases consist of complex and sensitive issues that have become
more common alongside globalisation and increased international interaction between people.
Cases can be considered difficult to unravel as they implicate various actors and legal
instruments with differing interpretations of the Hague Convention objectives, regulating
international child abduction. These regional legal instruments in Europe (the region this thesis
will limit itself to) have other requirements of their own that States are expected to adhere to.
The purpose of the Hague Convention is to mandate Contracting States to promptly return
wrongfully removed or retained children back to their State of habitual residence unless an
exception to this return obligation is established. There is no obligation to return an abducted
child if it can be demonstrated that return will expose the child to physical or psychological
harm once returned. Other exceptions to return might be mature children that oppose return or
if it is demonstrated that the child has settled in the State of abduction. For the objectives of the
Hague Convention to work extensive and demanding requirements must be met by the
Contracting States and the exceptions are to be interpreted strictly. The European Court of
Human Rights (ECtHR) operates under the European Convention of Human Rights (ECHR)
and its case-law is binding for States that have acceded to the institution. ECtHR has mostly
supported the objectives of the Hague Convention, foremostly the prompt return and State of
abduction to refrain from examining any custody related issues as the State of habitual
residence is seen as the most suitable for this. However, recently the ECtHR has changed is
perception on how States of abduction are to proceed in proceedings, calling for States to
examine the circumstances and giving exceptions to return greater regard as a way to protect
the human rights and interests under ECHR.
Overall, the ECtHR has been inconsistent in interpreting the Hague Convention, making it
difficult for States as are placed on a tightrope between the procedural requirements of the
Hague Convention and more subjective requirements of ECHR, foremostly under Article 8.
States have to be efficient and correct when performing an assessment of the entire situation,
while ensuring that there is no violation of the rights of the child, the abducting parent or the
left behind parent – and the preference is to perform this assessment promptly within six
weeks’ time. Some have argued for adoption of an additional protocol to the Hague
Convention, which could complement the existing framework that would improve enforcement
of return orders, the protection of human rights as well as the overall function of the Hague
Convention. However, this is partly opposed, and adoption of new framework will take time.
Therefore, a protocol is no solution for the near future.

i

The current interpretation of the existing legal framework is therefore the most reasonable
solution. If correctly applied, an effective examination of defences to return could strike a
suitable balance between the prompt return mechanism and the best interests of the child.

Key words: International child abduction, Hague Convention, European Court of Human Rights, Article 8 ECHR,
human rights, best interest of the child
Date: 17.6.2020

Number of pages: 80 (69 + 11)
Number of words (excl. bibliography
and annexes): 27 602

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

ii

TABLE OF CONTENT
ABBREVIATIONS ............................................................................................................. IV
1.

INTRODUCTION ......................................................................................................... 1

1.1.

Background ................................................................................................................ 1

1.2.

Aim and limitation ..................................................................................................... 4

1.3.

Methodology and sources........................................................................................... 6

2.

NORMATIVE FRAMEWORK..................................................................................... 8

2.1. The Hague Child Abduction Convention ................................................................... 8
2.1.1. Objectives of the Hague Convention ................................................................ 10
2.1.2. Habitual residence ............................................................................................. 13
2.1.3. The Central Authority ....................................................................................... 14
2.1.4. Exceptions to the mandatory prompt return of children ................................... 16
2.2.

Brussels II Regulation .............................................................................................. 21

2.3. European Convention on Human Rights .................................................................. 22
2.3.1. Right to respect for family life .......................................................................... 24
2.3.2. Right to fair trial................................................................................................ 25
3. PROTECTION IN CHILD ABDUCTIONS UNDER EUROPEAN COURT OF
HUMAN RIGHTS .............................................................................................................. 26
3.1. The ECtHR approach to Hague Convention ................................................................ 27
3.1.1. Reflection on the best interest of the child – case of Neulinger ............................ 30
3.1.2. X v. Latvia – re-assessment of the Neulinger approach ........................................ 38
3.2. The protection against grave risk of harm .................................................................... 42
3.2.1. Assessment of the allegations of grave risk of harm ............................................. 47
3.2.2. Interim measures.................................................................................................... 53
3.2.3. Undertakings in the State of habitual residence .................................................... 53
3.3.

Hearing the child – not right to veto ........................................................................ 54

3.4.

Delays in proceedings .............................................................................................. 59

4.

CONCLUSION AND DISSCUSSION ....................................................................... 65

BIBLIOGRAPHY ............................................................................................................... 70

iii

ABBREVIATIONS
Brussels II Regulation – Brussels IIa Regulation

ECHR - European Convention on Human Rights

ECtHR - European Court of Human Rights

EU - European Union

Hague Convention - Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child
Abduction

UNCRC – United Nations Convention on Rights of the Child

UNCRC Committee - UN Committee on the Rights of the Child

iv

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1.

Background

In a globalized world the international interaction between people has increased
enormously in just a few decades and is expected to increase even further. As a result,
marriage and partnership with foreigners have become more common. As in any other
relationship, conflicts may occur which later can lead to possible divorce and separation,
and especially when children are involved, the context of the separation is more
complicated. A problematic aspect connected to divorce and separation of parents with
different nationalities are issue of visiting rights and questions of where the child should
live if the other parent wants to return to their home country. In some escalated cases this
can lead to child abduction. International child abduction refers to a situation where a
parent unilaterally removes the child from the State of habitual residence without the
knowledge and permission of the other parent/custodian.1
By abducting the child, the abducting parent violates the custody rights of the parent who
is left behind in the State of habitual residence (the State which the child was removed
from). A prerequisite for child abduction is that the parent who is left behind in the country
habitual residence has rights of custody, either sole or shared with the abductor.2 The child
is most likely removed from a familiar environment to an unfamiliar one where the child
might encounter linguistic or social problems. In addition, the abduction dissolves the
child’s relationship with the left-behind parent as well as with State of habitual residence.
Therefore, the abduction in general violates the child's right to maintain contact and
communicate with both parents. 3 The situation is also distressing for the left-behind
parent.4 Abduction can be motivated by various factors. Some abductors leave due to
homesickness towards their native country and culture, while some might abduct their
1

In the context of international private law ‘child abduction’ is basically synonymous to a unilateral removal
or retention of children by parents, guardians, or close family members. Beaumont & McEleavy. 1999. p 1.
2
According to Article 5(a) of the Hague Convention, rights of custody “…shall include rights relating to the
care of the person of the child and, in particular, the right to determine the child's place of residence”
3
Article 9(3) UNCRC, “States Parties shall respect the right of the child who is separated from one or both
parents to maintain personal relations and direct contact with both parents on a regular basis, except if it is
contrary to the child's best interests”.
4

Beaumont & McEleavy, 1999. p 1.

1

child just to inflict pain and suffering on the other parent/custodian. 5 Others may leave the
habitual residence of the child and the abductor as a result of domestic violence and threats
and therefore leave for the sake of their and the child’s best interest and safety.6
The area of international child abduction and abduction committed by parents, is mainly
regulated by the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction
(hereinafter the Hague Convention)7 ratified in 1980. It was the first international
instrument to regulate this specific type of abduction, and its main purpose is to ensure the
prompt return of a wrongfully removed children to their habitual residence, the country
they were originally taken away from. The underlying objective of the Hague Convention
is to prevent and deter international child abduction.
The thought behind the principle of prompt return is to minimize the harmful effects that a
child might experience as a result of unilateral action of removal or retention from a
familiar environment and is seen as being in the best interests of children.8 Therefore, it is
important that the proceedings in the State of abduction are not to be transformed into a
substantive examination of the underlying custody issues and welfare of the child, as
according to the Hague Convention these questions are simply to be examined and
determined by the State of habitual residence.9
The Hague Convention contains these few exceptions for a reason, and it would be
incorrect if allegations of a risk were not properly examined by national courts in the State
of abduction. Thus, one of the main challenges faced by national courts in applying the
Hague Convention has been to protect children from being seriously harmed by return,
without violating the integrity of the Hague Convention. Speed is of essence in
international child abduction proceedings as return will become increasingly difficult to
enforce the longer the child spends in the State of abduction. Hence, the exceptions of
return under the Hague Convention are to be interpreted in a strict manner, as a too liberal
interpretation will endanger the purpose of the Hague Convention which means to return

5

Sthoeger. E, 2011. p 512–513.
Beaumont & McEeavy. 1999. p 11.
7
Hague Conference on Private International Law, Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child
Abduction, the Hague, 25 October 1980
8
Schuz. 2014. p 28.
9
McEleavy. pp 367. See Perez-Vera, Explanatory Report on the 1980 Hague Child Abduction Convention,
1982, 19, p 18. www.hcch.net/upload/expl28.pdf
6

2

the child to the State of habitual residence in a prompt manner. There is a fear that
otherwise abductors might benefit from the wrongdoing.10 However, there is also the risk
of a too strict interpretation of an exception, possibly resulting in returning the child back
to an environment that might entail a grave risk of harm or an intolerable situation for the
child.
When discussing international child abduction within Europe, it has become difficult to do
so without considering the case law of the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR).
More and more applications by both abducting parents, and the left behind parents have
found their way to the ECtHR. It so happens that the ECtHR has been inconsistent in its
past case law judgements, making it difficult for States to know how to actually proceed in
decision-making and how to find an overall balance in abduction cases in a way that fulfils
the requirements, both under the Hague Convention and the European Convention for the
Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (here in after the ECHR). The
State of abduction has to find a balance between both the procedural requirements, such as
prompt return, set out by the Hague Convention and the more subjective aspects required
by the ECHR, particularly Article 8 and the right to respect for family life. Additionally, all
European Union (EU) Member States are obligated to adhere to the Brussels IIa
Regulation11 (Brussels II Regulation) introducing additional rules to proceedings.12
One could assume that it would be easy to come to a conclusion in terms of abductions and
wrongfully removed children - the child is to be returned unless exceptions are established.
However, return proceedings seldom have a straightforward solution, as the circumstances
are complex and sensitive, as States are placed on a tightrope between balancing the
relevant interests of the ones concerned, both those of children and parents’ interest in
either return or non-return. The struggle to find balance then raises an additional
substantive issue. One of the other main issues, both in the past and today, are the drastic
delays in the return proceedings due to problems of enforcement of return orders.13 Cases

10

As children might be seen as having become settled in the new environment if long enough time is spent in
the State of abduction. See. Schuz. 2014. p 13 and 28.
11
Council Regulation (EC) No 2201/2003 of 27 November 2003 concerning jurisdiction and the recognition
and enforcement of judgments in matrimonial matters and the matters of parental responsibility, repealing
Regulation (EC) No 1347/2000.
12
13

However, applies only to Member States of EU.
McEleavy. p 369.

3

handled by national courts in the State of abduction often find their way to the ECtHR due
to alleged violations of rights under the ECHR, especially as a result of differing opinions
regarding judgements delivered or drastic delays in enforcement of return orders. There are
many examples in previous case law showing failure of the State of abduction to adhere
and prioritize the prompt return objective. Additionally, States of abduction are confused
by the inconsistency of the ECtHR and the approach taken in international child abduction
proceedings.

1.2. Aim and limitation
The aim of this thesis is to try to come to a conclusion and answer the following research
question: How can Contracting States to the Hague Convention and the European
Convention of Human rights at the same time live up to the requirements and obligations
set forth in these two Conventions?
In theory the Hague Convention is a good international instrument with a clear message;
abducted children are to be returned in a prompt manner to the State of habitual residence
unless exceptions are established. Additionally, during return proceedings custody
questions are not to be investigated in the State of abduction. It is unnecessary to go further
than Europe to realize that States of abduction struggle to find a balance in interpreting the
Hague Convention and enforcing effective enforcement of returns orders to the State of
habitual residence on basis of the amount of cases brought before the ECtHR.14 The
ECtHR decisions have been contradicting the prompt return and overall objectives, which
are essential for deterring child abduction. The ECtHR has entailed requirements on
“…domestic courts to conduct an in-depth examination of the entire family situation and of
a whole series of factors, in particular of a factual, emotional, psychological, material and
medical nature…”15 These types of requirements inflicted confusion in interpretation and
procedure in addition to States already, to some extent, having differing legal systems with

14

European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International child abductions. 2020.
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf
15
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 139.

4

own characteristics of application of the Hague Convention affecting the general
interpretations and coherence.16
Child abduction cases constitute of highly personal, controversial, and difficult situations
where return proceedings in States of abduction are not drift into becoming custody
proceedings but should only examine exceptions to return under the Hague Convention
without violating rights under the ECHR. This is to be executed in a prompt manner while
reassuring that there are protective measures in the State of habitual residence if the child
is to be returned. Requirements for prompt return, non-examination of the underlying
custody issues and cooperation mandated by the Hague Convention in relation to
protection of human rights and freedoms required by the ECHR make it difficult for Sates
find a balance between these different aspects. In addition, serious delays inflicted by
abducting parents unwilling to cooperate and ineffective measures taken by national
authorities result in disparities in abduction proceedings.
This thesis focuses on the return of abducted children carried out by their own parents and
excludes other international child abductions. There are two types of cases under the
Hague Convention, in addition to return the Hague Convention regulates access. With
return meaning cases where the left-behind parents request for their abducted child to be
returned to their habitual residence and to themselves, meanwhile right to access refers to
the left-behind parent having the right to contact with the child during the proceedings for
return.17 As this thesis focuses specifically the return to the habitual State, access will not
be discussed further in this text. As already mentioned, the Hague Convention includes
exceptions that, if established, can result in a non-return of the child. These exceptions will
be presented to get a comprehensive understanding of how the Hague Convention
essentially works. Exceptions to return will often be referred to as they are an important
part of the procedure, however, exception to return under Article 20, where the child’s
return may be refused if return would not be permitted by the fundamental principles of the
State of abduction relating to the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms.

16
17

Keller and Heri. p 276.
Kilpatrick Townsend. 2012. p 5.

5

This exception will only be explained briefly and not analysed further as this exception to
return is difficult to prove and therefore rarely used.18
As more and more international child abduction cases find their way to the ECtHR, the
available case-law concerning international child abduction is quite extensive and it will be
impossible to examine them all. Therefore, just a handful of cases will be examined and
used as exemplification to how the ECtHR has interpreted the Hague Convention in the
light of most essential articles of the ECH concerning child abduction, namely Article 8
and 6. The focus of this thesis will be more on the interpretation of Article 8 ECHR.
Article 6 ECHR will be discussed more narrowly the section of delayed proceedings, as the
Article has mostly been referred to these types of cases.
Why this thesis focuses on this topic is due to the interesting complexity and relevance.
International child abductions occur all the time and in most cases the custody issues have
already been decided in the State of habitual residence. The fact that these issues, that
should be clear and simple, seem to cause great amount of hardship is interesting to
examine. The reason for examining the child abduction from a European perspective is due
to the excessive amount of cases brought before the ECtHR. Furthermore, since the ECtHR
has delivered interesting and contradicting judgments concerning the return of wrongfully
removed children in relation to the objective of the Hague Convention, it makes the
examination of international child abductions from a European perspective attractive.

1.3.Methodology and sources
This thesis will follow the legal doctrinal method and the findings will be based on
analysing the existing law, de lege lata, provided through procedural and human rights
treaties and relevant case law. The focus will mostly be on the Hague Convention and the
ECHR. The Brussels II Regulation will be used as support in examining the relationship of
the Hague Convention and ECHR. Previous case law from the ECtHR will be important
for the interpretation and application of the Hague Convention from a European
perspective. Especially ECtHR Grand Chamber cases Neulinger and Shuruk v.

18

Due to its highly restrictive interpretation. See section 2.1.4.4.

6

Switzerland19 and X v. Latvia20 will be reflected upon in more depth, as these cases have
been extensively discussed due to their reflective approach in relation to the Hague
Convention. In addition, these cases have had a great influence on subsequent international
abduction case law in Europe. Other cases will also be referred to in order to analyse the
background for the differing interpretation of the Hague Convention by the ECtHR.
Conclusions will be made through critical reviewal of relevant existing legal grounds for
return and non-return of abducted children. Previous research in the scope of international
child abduction and the relationship between the Hague Convention and the ECHR will be
of fundamental importance for this thesis. Different guidelines will also be referred to as
these demonstrate the hoped application of provisions.
This thesis will start by introducing the relevant issue, namely the conflict of promptly
returning the child to the State of habitual while ensuring that children are being returned
to a safe environment without making a too excessive examination of the merits of custody
and defences to return. The reason why this topic is important and relevant is due to the
fact that international child abduction committed by parents is becoming more common
and a coherent approach among States interpreting the exceptions is crucial to reach in
order to combat the wrongful removal of children. The second chapter will firstly discuss
the framework of the Hague Convention, its objectives and difficulties encountered in
upholding these objectives followed by a description of the habitual residence, the Central
authority and the defences to return, namely the exceptions to mandatory return of the
child. In addition to discussing the Hague Convention, the ECHR, the ECtHR as well as
the Brussels II Regulation will be introduced in the second chapter to get a better
understanding of the parallel frameworks considered in child abductions. The third chapter
will go further into discussing the protection of children in international child abductions,
within Europe. Especially the approaches taken by the ECtHR and the requirements that
ECtHR has set on States of abduction in return proceeding will be discussed and analysed.
These approaches will then be examined from the perspective of the exceptions and
examine the effect that they have had in protecting children. This thesis will be concluded
with a discussion of critical character on how States should go about to reach a balance

19
20

Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013

7

between procedural requirements of the Hague Convention and human rights aspects of
ECHR as suggested by the ECtHR.

2. NORMATIVE FRAMEWORK
2.1. The Hague Child Abduction Convention
The Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction is an international
treaty, concluded in 1980 at the Hague Conference on Private International Law, with the
aim to protect children from harmful effects of international abduction. To this date the
Hague Convention has 101 Contracting States21 (including all EU Member States) and the
number of parties has increased steadily since the Hague Convention was concluded, and
the number is expected to rise.22 As a procedural legal instrument the Hague Convention sets
out the tools for States on how to proceed to unravel private international law issues. For
instance, questions on the most appropriate forum for resolving disputes and the choice of
law that is to be applied. In other words when it comes to international child abduction the
Hague Convention mandates the State of abduction to return the child to their habitual
residence, as it is seen as the most appropriate forum to determine their future in terms of
custody, unless exceptions to return are established. The reason for the State of habitual
residence being seen as the most appropriate forum, forum convience, is partly due to the
fact that the information relating to the children, but also the parents, will be most easily
available in the habitual residence and the courts in that country will be most familiar with
the social and cultural background of the child.23
The Hague Convention does not apply to domestic abductions, meaning abductions
committed within the territory of one single State,24 as the abduction must have occurred
between two State borders, were both States are parties to the Hague Convention.
However, the States need to have had accepted each other accession to the Hague

21

HCCH Status Table. https://www.hcch.net/en/instruments/conventions/status-table/?cid=24. 19-VII-2019
European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International child abductions. 2020.
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf
23
Silberman. p 7.
24
Abductions within one single country are internal affairs meant to be dealt only by authorities of that State.
22

8

Convention.25 According to Article 4 the Hague Convention applies to any child who was
habitually resident in a Contracting State immediately prior to the abduction and ceases to
apply when the child reached the age of 16 years old. 26
Prior to the adoption of the Hague Convention the world was in desperate need of a legal
regime that would regulate the international abduction of children carried out by parents,
which grew more and more common because of international interaction. Hence the
establishment of the Hague Convention was seen as a substantial development, in
addressing the issue of international abduction, by creating versatile and effective tools for
cooperation among Contracting States, their administrative and judicial authorities and
institutions in order to reassure the return of abducted children.27
The Hague Convention does not contain an international monitoring organ to oversee the
application of the Hague Convention in the Contracting States. Instead there is a Special
Commission consisting of legal experts from the Contracting States who specialize in the
area. The Commission meets every four to five years to oversee the practical operation
applied in the Contracting States. 28 The absence of a monitoring organ and the fact that
states enjoy procedural autonomy29 can be seen as reasons for differing proceedings,
treatment of evidence, types of appeals permitted, and the oversight given these appeals in
the Contracting States. Additionally, the enforcement of return orders may differ from State
to State depending on their legal system. 30 As there are no official guidelines how the Hague
Convention should be applied, the Explanatory Report by Eliza Perez-Vera functions to
some extent as guidance of how the Hague Convention should operate and be applied in the
Contracting States. In addition to the report by Perez-Vera there are series of Guides to Good
Practice prepared by the Permanent Bureau that could be applied to different aspects of
proceeding with the following topics: Central Authority, Practice, Implementing Measures,
25

Article 38 Hague Convention 1980.
Article 4 Hague Convention 1980.
27
Keller & Heri 2015. p 271.
28
McEleavy. 2015. p 371.
29
"In the absence of Community rules on this subject, it is for the domestic legal system of each Member
State to designate the courts having jurisdiction and to determine the procedural conditions governing
actions at law intended to ensure the protection of the right which citizens have from the direct effect of
Community law, it being understood that such conditions cannot be less favorable than those relating to
similar actions of a domestic nature." The principle of national procedural autonomy was introduced by the
European Court of Justice in its Rewe case in 1976. https://www.concurrences.com/en/glossary/proceduralautonomy.
30
McEleavy. 2015. p 371.
26

9

Preventative Measures, Enforcement, Cross Border Access, and Mediation.31 These soft-law
guides have been of remarkable assistance for States when applying the Hague Convention.32

2.1.1. Objectives of the Hague Convention
The primary aim of the Hague Convention is to “…protect children internationally from
the harmful effects of their wrongful removal or retention…”.33 In order to ensure this
protection the Contracting States has to secure the abducted child a prompt return to the
State of habitual residence as well as respect the laws of rights of custody and access of
other Contracting States.34
The primary thought behind the prompt return protecting children comes from the
underlying aim of firstly, re-establishing the status quo ante35 and secondly, deterring
potential abductors in the future. 36 It is considered that if States support the prompt return
of abducted children this will deter potential acts of unilateral removal or retention
amongst parents, with plans of abduction, as the child is most likely sent back to the State
of habitual residence for custody procedures .37 From a practical perspective, differences in
the ways the Hague Convention is interpreted and applied might reduce the deterrent effect
of the Hague Convention and leads to a lack of predictability and certainty. This serves as
an encouragement to both parties to litigate reducing the chances of a voluntary return or
other agreed settlements. The prompt return also seeks to achieve other subsidiary
objectives, like protecting the best interest of the child whose interests have been altered by
removal, and additionally bring justice between parents by protecting parental rights of the
left-behind parent. When it comes to the best interest of the child, the aim of the Hague

31

Schuz. 2014. p 41.
Ibid. 2014. p 41. However, as soft law provisions hold no legally binding effect, making them only
optional guidelines.
33
Hague Abduction Convention 1980. Preamble.
34
Article 1 Hague Convention 1980.
35
’the state of affairs that existed previously’, see Merriam-Webster. https://www.merriamwebster.com/dictionary/status%20quo%20ante
32

36

as Eliza Perez-Veran puts it in her explanatory report,36 “…the prompt return of the child answers to the
desire to re-establish a situation unilaterally and forcibly altered by the abductor …”and secondly, deter
potential future abductors.As Eliza Perez-Veran puts it in her explanatory report,
37
Perez-Vera, 1980. p 430.

10

Conventions is to protect children’s interest in general, as a return is seen to be in the best
interest of children in general.38
The contracting States are expected to take all appropriate measures to secure this prompt
return by relying on the most expeditious procedures available. 39 Article 3 of the Hague
Convention defines the wrongful removal or retention, which determines the application of
the Hague Convention. It states that removal or retention is wrongful when:
a) it is in breach of rights of custody attributed to a person, an institution or
any other body, either jointly or alone, under the law of the State in which the
child was habitually resident immediately before the removal or retention; and
b) at the time of removal or retention those rights were actually exercised,
either jointly or alone, or would have been so exercised but for the removal or
retention.
The removal of the child outside from the child habitual resident, without the consent of
the parent holding shared or sole custody of the child, constitutes an act of wrongful
removal "…and this wrongfulness derives in this particular case, not from some action in
breach of a particular law, but from the fact that such action has disregarded the rights of
the other parent which are also protected by law, and has interfered with their normal
exercise."40 If the child is abducted as a breach of the custody right of the left-behind
parent, as determined by the State of habitual residence, the State of abduction is under
obligation to return the child to State of habitual residence in a prompt manner. This is to
be done without a time-consuming investigation as this will promote the child’s best
interests, unless one of the exceptions to return applies.41 This mandatory return is a
method of the Hague Convention to uphold the rule of law and places emphasis for the
State of abduction not to intervene in active custody arrangements.42

38

Walker. 2010. pp 649.
Article 2 Hague Convention 1980.
40
Explanary report E Perez-Vera, "Explanatory Report on the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of
International Child Abduction, 1980", Acts and Documents of the XIVth Session of the Hague Conference
on Private International Law, Vol III, 1982, 426, 447-48.
41
Sthoeger. pp 515-516.
42
in the sense of not allowing a person to benefit from taking the law into his own hands. See Schuz. 2014. p
28.
39

11

To prove that a removal was wrongful, the left-behind parent needs to demonstrate that the
child has been taken in breach of the existing custody agreement, therefore constituting a
violation of custody rights. It is crucial to be able to prove the timing for when the removal
occurred, as it can weight significantly in the following procedures in the State of abduction
when the courts decide if there are grounds for refusing the prompt mandatory return based
on the time period. According to Article 12 of the Hague Convention43 the application for
the return by the let-behind parent must be made within a period of less than a year from the
date when the child was wrongfully removed. If a year has elapsed from the date of removal,
and if no application for return has been made by that time, the State of abduction can use
its discretion not to return the child if its demonstrated that the child has settled in the new
environment. Hence date of the wrongful removal can be a relatively crucial detail. Usually
the date when the child crossed the border to another country is seen as the date of removal.
The application of the Hague Convention is subject to the condition that the child is
habitually residence in the State to which he or she is to be returned. The Hague
Convention does not specify to whom the child should be returned and it does not require
the return of the child to the care of a left-behind parent, neither does the Hague
Convention specify to what location in the State of habitual residence the child should be
returned. This flexibility is deliberate and reinforces the objective that once the child the
underlying custody related issues are to be determined by the competent court or authority
in the State of habitual residence in accordance with the law governing rights of custody,
including any order that may apply as between the parents or other interested persons.
The Hague Convention defines custody rights as “rights relating to the care of the person
of the child and, in particular the right to determine the child’s place of residence”44.
Custody rights are determined by decisions made based on judicial and administrative
grounds or legal agreements under the national law of the State of habitual residence. Hence,
Hague Convention does not set out any provisions or guidelines according to which the right

43

“Where a child has been wrongfully removed or retained in terms of Article 3 and, at the date of the
commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or administrative authority of the Contracting State
where the child is, a period of less than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or
retention, the authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith. The judicial or administrative
authority, even where the proceedings have been commenced after the expiration of the period of one year
referred to in the preceding paragraph, shall also order the return of the child, unless it is demonstrated that
the child is now settled in its new environment...” Article 12 Hauge Abduction Convention. 1980.
44
Article 5(a). Hague Convention

12

of custody should be determined as custody issues are not to be involved in return
proceedings.45 The reason for this is that the Hague Convention regulates child abduction so
as to prevent the abductor from benefiting from the unilateral removal or retention of the
child by removing the child to another country with more favourable custody legislation in
order to hopefully gain another outcome in custody arrangements in that State. Many
abducting parents choose to and find themselves forum shopping, meaning that the parents
believe that by abducting their child to another country, especially to their native home
country, they will receive more favourable custody settlements that will end up in their
advantage.46
To conclude the objectives of the Hague Convention, the mandatory return mechanism is
based on a number of assumptions: (1) that immediate restoration of the status quo ante
without a time-consuming investigation will best promote the child’s best interests, unless
where one of the exceptions applies; (2) prompt return will deter potential abductors, as the
child will most likely be returned to the State of habitual residence where custody maters
will be determined (3) and disputes between parents in relation to their children should be
decided in the State habitual residence which is regarded as the most appropriate forum to
make the decision concerning custody.47

2.1.2. Habitual residence
Under that Hague Convention the nationality of the abducted child is irrelevant if the child
was habitually resident in one of the Contracting States prior to the abduction.
Interestingly, the Hague Convention does not officially determine or give a definition to
the concept of habitual residence. 48 However, a common perception is that a child's
habitual residence is the State where the child's most important established relationships
and other important aspects to the child identity are.49 As there is no exact definition to the
45

“…the judicial or administrative authorities of the Contracting State to which the child has been removed
or in which it has been retained shall not decide on the merits of rights of custody until it has been
determined that the child is not to be returned under this Convention or unless an application under this
Convention is not lodged within a reasonable time following receipt of the notice.” Article 16 Hague
Convention.
46
Schuz, 2015. p 37.
47
Beaumont and McEleavy. p 30.
48
Schuz. 2015. p 6.
49
Atkinson. 2011. p 649.

13

habitual residence, in principle, it is possible that the child's habitual residence can change,
in this case as result of child abduction, if the child spends long enough time in the State of
abduction and integrates into the now environment and therefore loses connection to the
previous habitual residence. This could be considered to be more likely to occur with
younger children, who more easily adapt and get attached to new environments. However,
in the case of an abduction, the child will most likely have important ties to the habitual
residence, so changing habitual residence overall takes a long time.50 Nevertheless, the
longer a child spends in the State of abduction, usually the harder the restoration of status
quo ante will become.
As the child has been taken to another country as a result of an abduction, the left-behind
parent, when requesting for the return of the child, usually has to prove to the national
authorities in the State of abduction that the child was a habitually resident in that
Contracting State immediately before the removal. 51 There should be an obvious
connection between the child and the habitual residence.52 In the absence of an in-depth
investigation of underlying custody merits, which is banned by the Hague Convention, the
assessment of purpose for the stay in the State of abduction plays an important role in
determining whether the State of abduction could eventually be seen as habitual residence.
There is no time limit set out for when the country of abduction could become the new
habitual residence, it will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Temporary stays in a State
of abduction does not constitute a habitual residence.53

2.1.3. The Central Authority
As previously mentioned the objectives of the Hague Convention were created as methods
for upholding the rule of law,54 not giving the abducting parent the privilege of “taking the
law into his/her own hands” by choosing the State and legislation to determine custody, and

50

Beaumont & McEleavy, p 92.
Schuz. 2015. pp 6.
52
Beaumont & McEleavy 1999, p 101.
53
Ibid, p 103/ Freedman, 2014. p 160.
54
Schuz. 2013. p 274.
51

14

in that way benefitting from the removal of child.55 This is also why the Hague Convention
expects utter level of cooperation between the Contracting States to enforce a prompt return.
Every Member State to the Hague Convention is to designate a Central Authority56,
consisting of competent authorities to oversee the inter-communication with Central
Authorities in other Contracting States when an abduction has been recognized.57 The main
purpose of the Central Authority is to locate the abducted child that has been wrongfully
removed or retained followed by the aim of trying to execute a secure return of that child to
the State of habitual residence. The Central Authority is to provide judicial and
administrative advice for the purpose of the Hague Convention in cases of wrongfully
removed or retained children.58
Usually first scene in an abduction is the realization that the child has been taken. The leftbehind parent discovers that the child is missing, they will most likely start searching within
the State of habitual residence for the missing child and after realizing that the child has been
taken across borders, accordingly to Article 3 of Hague Convention, contact is made with
the Central Authority of the habitual residence who thereafter informs the State where there
is evidence that the child has been taken too and requests for return.59
The Central Authority in the State of abduction has an obligation to take all appropriate
measures in order to secure the return of the child. If a voluntary return fails and if any of
the exceptions are provoked, the case will entail legal proceeding in the State of abduction.
The structure of the Hague Convention promotes ensuring that as many cases as possible
can be resolved by intergovernmental co-operation at an administrative level. In addition,
the Central Authority of a Contracting State should cooperate with all national authorities
responsible and involved in child abduction cases. International cooperation is important
for the overall best interests of the children, for investigating the whereabouts of the child
and providing background information about the child. Both these in order to return the

55

Schuz. 2015. p 28.
Articles 6–10 Hague Convention 1980.
57
Hague Convention. Article 7.
58
Hague Convention Article 7.
59
Loo, H. 2016. https://www.peacepalacelibrary.nl/2018/02/the-hague-abduction-convention-nice-in-theorydifficult-in-implementation/.
56

15

child to the country of origin as soon as possible and as international cooperation between
the authorities must be swift and effective accordingly to the Hague Convention.60

2.1.4. Exceptions to the mandatory prompt return of children
The Hague Convention offers some defences to the mandatory return that can establish a
situation where the child does not necessarily have to be returned. Namely, if the
circumstances in the abduction case meets any of the Articles 12, 13 and 20 conditions under
the Hague Convention, the return does not necessarily have to be ordered. There is a common
practice among the States applying the Hague Convention, namely the exceptions are to be
interpreted in restrictive manner in order to maintain the very objectives and purpose of the
Convention, namely returning wrongfully removed and retained children.61 The reason for
the strict interpretation is to avoid the proceedings from becoming too excessive, but also to
preserve a unified front in terms of cooperation and consistent interpretation of the
instrument.62
Exceptions to return are a way for the courts in the State of abduction to examine the
relationship between the parents and the child/children in question, in order to reach a
condition where they can be sure they made a decision where the child is not sent to
intolerable situation, grave risk of harm or violate rights under the ECHR.63 This
examination can though only be executed to an certain extent and where allegations of
circumstances under these exceptions are introduced. Also, as mentioned, Sates enjoy
procedural autonomy, meaning they have the right to use their discretion in determining
whether if the child is to be returned if any of the exceptions are established.64 An order for
non-return in cases where exceptions are established is not a failure of adherence to the
Hague Convention in spite of all the emphasis that is put on mandatory return of the child,
but it rather shows that the Hague Convention is working as intended. The exception to
return allow a more nuanced approach to the abduction cases. A prima facie wrongful
removal or retention could be in the best interest of a child and “a justification for such an

60

Walker. 2010. p 660.
Sthoeger. p 518–19.
62
Perez-Vera, pp 434/ para 34.
63
Sthoeger. E, 2011. p 513–14.
64
Beaumont, et al. 2015. p 39.
61

16

interpretation could be found in the Preamble of the Hague Convention which shows the
Contracting States desire to protect children not from wrongful removal or retention but
from the harmful effect of such situations”65
In cases where exceptions have been raised, in order to the child not to be returned to the
habitual residence, the burden of proof lies with the person resisting the return. This person
is usually the parent who wrongfully removed the child and as seen as the more “guilty”
party until proven otherwise where the defence for non-return is established, as they are the
ones trying to benefit from violating the custody arrangements in the State of habitual
residence. As a matter of logic and common sense, the court in the State of abduction is first
required to determine whether the abductor has custody rights before considering the
defences possible.66

2.1.4.1. The child has settled in the State of abduction
If a child has been wrongfully removed or retained, as a breach of custody rights of the left
behind parent, Article 12 of the Hague Convention states that
“…the date of the commencement of the proceedings before the judicial or
administrative authority of the Contracting State where the child is, a period of less
than one year has elapsed from the date of the wrongful removal or retention, the
authority concerned shall order the return of the child forthwith”.

The return of abducted child should also apply to situations where the application for return
is made after the expiration of one-year period, unless the authorities in the State of abduction
demonstrate that the child has become settled in the new environment. However, where over
one year has passed the State of abduction has to give sufficient reason for the non-return.
The settlement is more likely for younger children than older ones as they more easily adapt
to new situations. 67 For someone to become settled into a new environment would entail
both physical and emotional ties to the surroundings. By this meaning that the child relates
to the community and takes part in the daily environment, for example attend kindergarden

65

Beaumont and McEleavy. 1999. p 29
Sthoeger.E, 2011. p 517–518.
67
Sthoeger. E, 2011. p 517.
66

17

or school, take part in free-time activity and being emotionally attached to the surroundings
that make them feel secure and stable. 68

2.1.4.2. Grave risk of harm or intolerable situation
The exception in Article 13(1)(b) provides that the State of abduction is not bound to return
the child where it is shown that there exists “a grave risk that return would expose the child
to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place him in an intolerable situation”. What
constitutes a grave risk? Neither the grave risk nor intolerable situations are defined by the
Hague Convention. A grave risk could mean that the child would be physically, sexually or
in some other way abused by the left behind parent or be exposed to spousal abuse if the leftbehind parent abuses the abducting parent if returned alongside the child.69 However, the
risk of harm needs to be ‘grave’ in order for the child not to be returned to the habitual
residence and can only be established where it is considered that the potential harm is such
that the child cannot reasonably be expected to tolerate it.70
Physical harm can be difficult to prove and use as a defense. Mostly due to the restrictive
amount of evidence available, but also because of the need to make a full-scale examination
of the circumstances, which is not intended for the State of abduction to execute.
Additionally, where the grave harm has been established, it could be considered that courts
in the State of abduction assume and rely on that State of habitual residence to be able to
protect the child in this case. Therefore, in relatively unusual circumstances has a return
actually been refused based upon the grave risk of physical harm 13(1)(b) of the Hague
Convention.71 Concerning the establishment of the grave risk exception, as stated before, the
burden of proof lies with the parent resisting the return, in most cases the abductive parent.
The grave risk of harm and intolerable situation go hand in hand as it is often considered
that where there is no grave risk of harm it is seen that the return will not place the child in
an intolerable situation. It is difficult to satisfy the court of an intolerable situation without
referring to some sort of physical or psychological harm. An intolerable situation could be

68

Schuz. 2015. p 10.
HCCH, Guide to Good Practice. Article 13(1)(b). p 31.
70
Schuz, 2013. p 424
71
Schuz, 2013. p 425.
69

18

constituted if the parent that the child is to be returned to is not in the best interest of the
child, is not in a position to take care of the child, or the child is placed in some other care
than in the care of the left-behind parent that would not be in the best interest of the child.72
In stereotyped cases, as thought by the drafters, the abductor would be a parent dissatisfied
by the fact that they enjoyed no custody rights. As stated before, in these types of cases the
Hague Convention is well-suited. One issue that occurs where allegations of grave risk
under Article 13(1)(b) of the Hague Convention is that courts in the States of abduction are
placed in a situation between the need to ensure that abducted children are returned
promptly. This without making a too excessive investigation of the merits and the need to
protect children who would be harmed by being returned.73 Yet, allowing the exception of
grave risk of the Hague Convention to prevent return in all similar cases where the grave
risk allegations are provoked would substantially weaken the Hague Convention.
Additionally, as most abductions are carried out by the primary caretakers,74 it is more
difficult to return the child where the primary caretaker would refuse to return alongside
the child75 as the child would be separated from the most familiar person. 76 Then, the
return would fail to fulfil the originally envisioned re-restoration of status quo ante77, and
by separating the child from the primary caretaker undoubtedly ﬁt less easily into the
return mechanism as this can be reviewed as an intolerable situation. Therefore, in cases
where there is reason to believe that the child would be placed in a situation of grave harm
the mandatory return mechanism supported by the Hague Convention might not
necessarily be the best solution. As it is more likely that the abductor will have a stronger
tie to the State of abduction, the possibility of the abductor to return with the child will be
weakened, especially in cases of alleged domestic violence. This can make the objective of
prompt return more difficult to achieve as there is a possibility that the State of abduction
will have greater sensitivity towards the abductor where allegation of domestic violence is

72

Shcuz. 2013. p 427.
McEleavy. 2015. p 367.
74
McEleavy. p 365.
75
Noah L. Browne. p 1195.
76
Schuz. 2015. p 13.
77
The state that existed before. Merriam Webster. https://www.merriamwebster.com/dictionary/status%20quo%20ante
73

19

presented. This might open the door to exploitation of the return mechanism and lead to
prolonged procedures.78

2.1.4.3. The child opposes the return
In certain circumstances, the opinion of the child can affect the outcome of return.
According to Article 13(2) of the Hague Convention the administrative and judicial
authorities in the State of abduction may refuse to return the abducted child “if it finds that
the child objects to being returned and has attained an age and degree of maturity at
which it is appropriate to take account of its views”. This is also supported by Article 12 of
the United Nations Convention on Rights of the Child (UNCRC) stating that States “shall
assure to the child who is capable of forming his or her own views the right to express
those views freely in all matters affecting the child, the views of the child being given due
weight in accordance with the age and maturity of the child”. Article 12 UNCRC
elaborates further by mentioning that children are to be given the opportunity to be heard
in all judicial and administrative proceedings affecting them, either directly or through a
representative, in accordance with procedural rules of national law. Article 11(2) of the
Brussels regulation basically repeats the existence of this right.79
The Hague Convention gives children the opportunity to express their views and thus their
own interests. However, at the time of the conclusion of the Hague Convention, it was
considered impossible to set an age limit for when it would be appropriate to consider the
opinion of the child as States have jurisdictional differences regarding age and maturity, so
the application of Article 13(2) Hague Convention was left to the discretion of the national
authorities in the State of abduction. However, this allows for variations in the practices
between the Contracting States. In some jurisdictions, judges hear the children directly
(civil law) where it is seen that children are of mature age and understand the situation they
are heard, while in common law States, it is a common law practice for judges to hear
experts, but this has also changed to a more direct approach policy. 80

78

Momoh. p 646.
“When applying Articles 12 and 13 of the 1980 Hague Convention, it shall be ensured that the child is
given the opportunity to be heard during the proceedings unless this appears inappropriate having regard to
his or her age or degree of maturity”
80
Schuz. 2015. p 23.
79

20

2.1.4.4. Protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms
Lastly, Article 20 refuses return if the requested State does not permit the return due to the
fundamental principles of that State when related to the protection of human rights and
fundamental freedoms. Basically, the exception could be applied were the return would
violate the relevant rights of the child or abductor. This exception Article under the Hague
Convention that is principally important, but in practice very rarely used

81

as its

interpretation is to be highly restrictive according to Perez-Vera,
“to be able to refuse to return a child on the basis of . . . Article 20, it will be necessary to show
that the fundamental principles of the requested State concerning the subject matter of the
Convention do not permit it; it will not be sufficient to show merely that return would be
incompatible, even manifestly incompatible, with these principles.”82

2.2. Brussels II Regulation
When a child is wrongfully removed or retained within the EU the Brussels II Regulation
is applicable. The regulation came into force in 2004 and prevails over the Member States
national law and is therefore of legally binding character.83 Article 11 of the Brussels II
Regulation sets out the rules that are to be utilized in cases of wrongful removals within the
EU. As regards the operation of the Hague Convention in relations between Member
States, the rules of the Brussels II Regulation prevail over the rules of the Convention in so
far as it concerns matters governed by the Brussels II Regulation. The Brussels II
Regulation is basically a complemented version of the Hague Convention as there are
some differences to the return mechanism which enables the Hague Conventions continued
function for abductions within the EU. The additional requirements in the Brussels II
Regulation become effective when exception of Article 13 Hague Convention is applied.
As the Hague Convention expects that the national authorities to reach a decision and deal
with applications within six weeks regarding the prompt return, the Brussels II Regulation

81

Schuz. 2013. p 544.
Perez-Vera Report, Proceedings of the 14th Session of the Hague Conference Oct 1980,
www.hcch.net/upload/expl28.pdf, para 118.
83
Beaumont et al. 2015. p 40.
82

21

transformers this technically into a rule.84 The Hague Convention requires the child to be
returned unless exceptions are established. The Brussels Regulation has a stricter approach
to the return and protecting the best interest of the child by restoring the control to the State
of habitual residence. This is achieved by a combination of the review or ‘trumping’
mechanism in Article 11(7)-(8) Brussels II Regulation, the strict jurisdiction rule in Article
10 and the automatic enforceability rule in Article 42. These are explained in the following
parts.
Under Article 10 of the Brussels II Regulation, jurisdiction remains with the court of the
Member State where the child was habitually resident immediately before the wrongful
removal or retention, unless it is seen that the child has settled in another Member State. In
circumstances where a Member State court would refuse the return the abducted child
under the grave risk of harm exception, the national authorities in the State of abduction
are required to provide an clarification of the reason for refusal to the corresponding
authority in the State of habitual residence.85 This seems logical as the court in the State of
abduction has to inform their decision nonetheless to the State habitual residence.
However, the presented explanation “file” remains open for a certain period of time,86
during which the authorities in State of habitual residence have a chance to challenge the
judgement of non-return. This challenge can override the decision of non-return according
to Article 11(8) so that the left behind parent obtains custody and return of child. This
challenge can be complemented by a certificate for enforcement87 under Article 42 of the
Brussels Regulation which is immediately to be enforced in the State of abduction.88

2.3. European Convention on Human Rights
The most central human rights instrument in Europe is the Convention for the Protection of
Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms better known as the European Convention on

84
85
86

McEleavy. p 372.
Silberman, 2005. p 28-29.
The file will stay open for three months. See Silberman. 2005. p 29

87

Certificate provided by a judge in the State of Habitual residence in under Article 42 Brussels II
Regulation, that demands the child immediately to be returned.
88
Silberman, 2005. p 28–29.

22

Human Rights (ECHR). It was opened for signature in 1950 and came into force three year
later in 1953.89 The ECHR protects basic human rights and the civil and political rights of
everyone under their jurisdiction in the Contracting States.
The implementation of the ECHR in the Contracting States is overseen by the ECtHR, a
Strasbourg based court established in 1959 which oversees the application and protection
of the rights guaranteed by the ECHR. The ECtHR gives rulings based upon applications
issued by one or several Member States of the Council of Europe, who have agreed to the
ECtHR, or by citizens of those Member States.90 The ECtHR has 47 Member States who
are subject to its rulings which are binding and there is no challenge available on the State
level to a decision made by the ECtHR. In other words, ECtHR case law is binding for the
national courts in Member States of Council of Europe and the courts are expected to take
regard to its previous case law while making new judgements.91
For a long time the ECtHR upheld a strict interpretation of the Hague Convention and the
prompt return in abduction cases brought before it and held that the ECHR is to be
interpreted in the light of the Hague Convention and underlined the duty that States had to
return abducted children to their habitual residence and that these return proceedings were
to be prompt and efficient without excessive examination of the circumstances. This
approach still exists to some degree but has been amended to some extent. Approximately
one decade ago, in 2010, the ECtHR took a totally different approach to the Hague
Convention, by stating in the case of Neulinger that Article 8 ECHR is to be interpreted not
only in accordance with the Hague Convention but with the UNCRC as well.92 This
judgement was ground-breaking and confused States on how to balance competing
interests in abduction proceedings which resulted in disparities of interpretation and
application of the Hague Convention, present still today. More about this issue in chapter
3. But first an introduction of the Articles of ECHR that are relevant in international child
abductions, namely the right to family and right to fair trial.

89

European Convention on Human Rights. https://www.coe.int/en/web/human-rights-convention.
European Court of Human Rights. https://ijrcenter.org/european-court-of-human-rights/
91
Freedman, 2014. p 155.
92
McEleavy. p 381.
90

23

2.3.1. Right to respect for family life
A central aspect in international child abductions committed by parents is family and
family life as this is greatly affected by the removal or retention. Right to respect for
family life is protected by the ECHR under Article 8. This makes Article 8 the most
relevant Article of ECHR when it comes to international child abductions. Article 8 ECHR
is also the most common Article to be referred to in terms of violations in abduction
proceedings as its application can be two folded. Both parties in the case, namely the
abducting parent and the left behind parent can refer to the Article 8 as a violation of their
right to family life. The left behind parent tend to argue that if the child is not returned this
would entail that their right to family life with the child is violated under Article 8.93
Similar claims have also been introduced by the abducting party where complaints usually
circle around insufficient examination of exceptions to return. Article 8 specifically states
that:
1. “Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home and
his correspondence.”
2. “There shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this
right except such as is in accordance with the law and is necessary in a
democratic society in the interests of national security, public safety or the
economic well-being of the country, for the prevention of disorder or crime, for
the protection of health or morals, or for the protection of the rights and
freedoms of others."

Article 8 of the ECHR inflicts both positive and negative obligations on States, in this case
on the State of abduction.94 The negative obligations protect individuals from
unreasonable interference by public authorities. The ECtHR has found that these positive
obligations include “the parent’s right to have measures taken with a view to being
reunited with his or her child and an obligation on the national authorities to take such
measures.”95 In this context, States must strive to meet a fair balance to the interests of

93

Kvisberg. p 92.
McEleavy. 2015. p 373.
95
M.A. v. Austria, (no. 4097/13) ECHR 2015, para 105
94

24

those concerned – child, parent and whole community96, and State enjoys a certain margin
of appreciation in relation to this balance.97
When alleged violation of right to family occur, both the left-behind parent and the
abductive parent can turn to the ECtHR. The right to be reunited with their children is
usually the right left-behind parent’s refer to as that the State has a duty to return the
wrongfully removed or retained child to them. Where the proceedings in the State of
abductions have been insufficient to fulfil the requirements under the Hague Convention,
and serious delays are encountered is usually where the ECtHR has seen that the State of
abduction has failed to meet the positive requirements and a violation of Article 8 ECHR.98
However, the positive obligation is not absolute as States to some extent enjoy a certain
margin of appreciation where exceptions are established. The ECtHR has considered a
violation of Article 8 ECHR where the State of abduction has failed to give sufficient
assessment to the exceptions to return.

2.3.2.

Right to fair trial

"In the determination of his civil rights and obligations or of any criminal charge against
him, everyone is entitled to a public and fair hearing within a reasonable time by an
independent and impartial tribunal established by law…"99 Like Article 8 ECHR, Article
6 has also been referred to in abduction cases as of the reasonable time reference made
within paragraph 1, namely, where proceedings last longer than attributed it can be seen as
a violation of Article 6 ECHR.100 ECHR underlines the importance of administering justice
without delays which might jeopardise its effectiveness and credibility.101 If return
proceedings in the State of abduction become prolonged, the national authorities shall
provide a satisfactory explanation to the State of habitual residence for the reason of the
duration. However, in the absence of such an explanation, the ECtHR can determine that a
breach under Article 6(1) ECHR has taken place as the State of abduction has failed to

96

Kvisberg. p 97.
McEleavy. 2015. p 384.
98
Walker. 2010. p 650.
99
ECHR Article 6(1).
100
Walker, 2010. p 674.
101
Guide on Article 6 of the ECHR – Right to a fair trial. point 401.
97

25

present a conclusion within reasonable time. 102 The ECtHR has held that the length of the
proceedings and the reasonableness of duration must be assessed in relation to the
circumstances of the particular case in question. Special consideration must therefore be
given to certain criteria, namely “the complexity of the case, the conduct of the applicant
and of the relevant authorities and what was at stake for the applicant in the dispute.” 103
An evaluation of the criteria can determine whether the duration has constituted a violation
of the applicants, in most cases the left behind parents right to fair trial under Article 6
ECHR.

3. PROTECTION IN CHILD ABDUCTIONS UNDER
EUROPEAN COURT OF HUMAN RIGHTS
During the last decades the ECtHR har received extensive amounts of cases to consider by
individuals who allege that their rights under ECHR, mostly Article 8, have been violated
by judgements in the State of abduction as they have ruled to return or non-return the child.
These cases have been brought before the ECtHR by both by the left-behind and the
abducting parents and in some cases together with their children.104 Most cases have been
brought against the State of abduction, but there have also been cases against the child’s
habitual residence. 105
As a procedural instrument, the Hague Convention defers its enforceability on the
Contracting States to execute meanwhile Article 8 ECHR can be authoritatively enforced.
This creates a power problem between the two instruments which is being issued by the
ECtHR. ECtHR has used this power to support the interpretation of the Hague Convention,
as it should be interpreted, where States have failed to take adequate measures to return the
abducted child under the Hague Convention, ECtHR has found there to be a violation
Article 8 ECHR. As the Hague Convention is lacking a monitoring authority, the ECtHR

102

The right to trial within reasonable time under Article 6 ECHR. A practical handbook. 2018. p 23.
Hoholm v. Slovakia, (no. 35632/13), ECHR 2015. para 44.
104
Keller and Heri. p 272.
105
Kvisberg. p 92
103

26

plays an important part, especially where differing interpretations of the Hague
Conventions by States have emerged.106

3.1. The ECtHR approach to Hague Convention
As mentioned earlier, at the early stage of international child abduction cases brough
before the ECtHR the Court frequently stated that cases of abduction are to be interpreted
with consideration made to the Hague Convention. ECtHR further stressed that national
authorities must ensure that they obtain the objective of the return mechanism, meaning
rapid return decisions to return the child unless exceptions are established. ECtHR case law
and practice gave weight and authority to the return objective, that abducted children are to
be returned to their habitual residence, which also contributed to the influence of the
Hague Convention and its objectives overall. 107
The support for the Hague Convention is demonstrated in the first case brought to the
ECtHR, namely case of Ignaccolo-Zendine v. Romania.108 Following the divorce of the
parents, the children were handed to live with their mother in France. The children spent
their summer holiday with their father, who lived in United States. At the end of the
holiday the father refused to return the children as agreed. The mother appealed to the
Central Authority in France who in turn contacted the Central Authority in the US to return
the children. However, the father managed to change his address several times and after
four years of avoiding the authorities the father managed to travel to Romania, as a dual
citizen of France and Romania, together with the children.109
The First Instance Court in Bucharest issued the children to be returned to their mother
who had only seen her children once after the abduction (after seven years) by the help of
the Romanian authorities. Despite the order for children to be returned to the habitual
residence the enforcement turned out to be unsuccessful.110 As a result, the mother
complained to the ECtHR that her right to family life under Article 8 ECHR had been

106

Keller and Heri. p 276.
Kvisberg. p 91.
108
Ignaccolo-Zenide v. Romania, (no. 31679/96) ECHR 2001.
109
Ignaccolo-Zenide v. Romania, (no. 31679/96) ECHR 2001.
110
European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International child abductions. 2020.
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf p 2.
107

27

violated by the Romanian authorities due to their failure to take measures to have the
children returned accordingly to the return order issued. The ECtHR saw that there had
been a violation of Article 8 due to the failure of Romanian authorities to take adequate
and effective efforts to enforce the return of the child and the applicant’s right to be
reunited with her children.111
As one can see, the ECtHR found there to be positive obligations on States to take all
necessary steps to facilitate the enforcement of return orders under the Hague Convention.
That is to apply the Hague Convention in an effective manner, to make adequate and
effective efforts to enforce a left behind parent’s right to the return of his child as well as
the child’s right to be reunited with the left behind parent and interpret provisions in
accordance with international norms.
Another case where the ECtHR adhered to the traditional application of Hague Convention
is in Maumousseau and Washington v. French.112 A child was born into marriage of a
citizen of United States and a French national and the pair lived in the United States. The
mother travelled to France with the child for an agreed visit but refused to return with the
child at the end of it. This led to an application for return by the father which was referred
to the French Central Authority the usual order. The mother refused to return the child and
claimed that return entitled a violation of ECHR Article 8 and the child’s right to family
due to the child young age and could therefore not be returned without her as she would
not return to the United States. She based this refusal on the grave risk of harm exception
according to the Hague Convention Article 13(1)(b).
The child was ordered to be returned to USA despite the mother’s allegations as a result of
a ‘detailed’ examination of the family situation and the best interest of the child carried out
by the French authorities.113 The mother filed an appeal to the ECtHR claiming that the
national court in France had violated her rights under Article 8 ECHR, claiming that the
national authorities interpretation of exception to return under Article 13(1)(b) of the
Hague Convention was too restrictive and so the return order was not in the best interest of
child and would put the child in an intolerable situation due to the separation from her.114
111

Walker. 2010. p 651.
Maumousseau and Washington v. France, no. 39388/05, ECHR 2007.
113
Walker. 2010. p 665.
114
Maumousseau and Washington v. France, no. 39388/05, 2007. para 64.
112

28

Finally, the ECtHR found that as the French court had investigated the situation in detail.
Therefore, there was no reason to believe that there had occurred a violation of the before
mentioned rights under Article 8 ECHR as the national authorities had taken adequate
measures and that it was in the best interest of the child to be returned to the habitual
residence, that is United States. 115
Article 13(1)(b) of the Hague Convention and the intolerable situation was not fulfilled by
the fact that the child was to be separated from the abducting parent.116 The separation
from the abductor could not be the sole reason for non-return. The ECtHR held that the
ruling made by the national court in France was entirely in agreement with the objective
underlying the Hague Convention, namely deterring international child abductions,
restoring the status quo ante and leaving the issues of custody to be determined by the
courts of the child’s habitual residence.117 The ECtHR also saw that the return order was
for the purpose of protecting the child’s rights and freedoms under article 8(2) ECHR.118
The interesting perspective about the decision that the ECtHR gave considering the
Maumosusseau, was neither the rejection given to the mothers application non-return the
child nor that the ECtHR was of the opinion that the best interest of the child was to be
examined by the court in the habitual residence of the child, but rather that it saw that the
best interest examination had already been conducted by the French authorities,119 which
came to the conclusion that it would be best for the child to be returned to the USA.
Interestingly the ECtHR did not hold the detailed examination done by the State of
abduction, the French authorities, as necessary but neither did it deny the fact that such a
procedure had been unlawful in Hague Convention procedure, which theory it was as the
examination of the welfare and so the best interest of child is intended to be executed in the
habitual residence according to the Hague Convention. One could assume, based upon the
ECtHR decisions, that if the French authorities had excluded to conducted such an detailed
examination of the circumstances of the case and the best interest of the child, then they

115

McEleavy, 2015. p 374.
Walker. 2010. p 664.
117
Maumousseau and Washington v. France, no. 39388/05, 2007. para 69.
118
Maumousseau and Washington v. France, no. 39388/05, 2007. para
119
Keller and Heri, p 280.
116

29

would have acted in violation of Article 8 ECHR. That is precisely what the ECtHR held
three years later.120
The next subchapter discusses the cases that amended the perceptions that previously
existed in the international child abduction as it is important to understand the origin of the
reflection of Hague Convention that ECtHR introduced through its judgments in cases of
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland and X v. Latvia.

3.1.1. Reflection on the best interest of the child – case of Neulinger
As previously discussed, the ECtHR interpretation of the Hague Convention has largely
been strict and it has adhered to the objectives accordingly, but this took a U-turn as the
most exceptional case judgement by the ECtHR was handed down in 2010, namely in the
case of Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland.
The parents had met and were married in Israel where they also had a child in 2003. The
mother was a national of Switzerland and the father from Israel. Later the parents got
separated. Already before the separation the father had joined a radical religious movement
and in the fear of him taking the child away to the community of that same religious group
the mother applied for a ne exeat order which was to expire when the child would no
longer be a minor.121 Later, in the aftermath of interventions made by the Israeli social
workers, assault accusations alleged by the mother and visitation restrictions established
against the father the mother request for a withdrawal of the ne exeat order which was
denied. Hence, despite the order of non-removal of child outside State premises, the
mother wrongfully removed the child to Switzerland in 2005.122
After being unable to locate the child the father contacted the Israeli Central Authority
who, nearly a year after the removal of the child, was able to locate the child in
Switzerland. The father filed an application for the child to be returned to Israel under the
Hague Convention. However, the application was dismissed by both the trial and appellant

120

Freedman, 2014. p 156.
‘Restriction order’, a right of veto and a way for the non-custodial parent to restrict the parent with
custodial rights from leaving the country with the child, so that this cannot be done without a court order. In
the case of Neulinger and Shuruk the mother was the primary custodian. See Schuz. 2014. p 258.
122
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 20.
121

30

court in Switzerland as it was seen that the return would entail a grave risk of
psychological harm to the child under Article 13(1)(b) of the Hague Convention.123 In
addition to the grave risk of harm, the mother claimed that she would not be able to return
with the child, as she would face imprisonment if she ever returned to Israel. Regardless of
these argued defences for return presented in the State of abduction (Switzerland), the
father’s appeal was later approved, and the child was ordered to be returned to Israel by a
Swiss Federal Court.124
The following month the mother approached ECtHR, claiming violations of her right to a
fair trial, her right to freedom of religion, and foremostly her right to a family life.125 The
mother also requested interim measures against the return order, which were granted by the
ECtHR before the child’s return order was managed to be enforced. The case of Neulinger
was the first return order by a State of abduction under the Hague Convention to be
prevented from being enforced by the ECtHR.126 This resulted in the father making a
request for referral to the ECtHR Grand Chamber to take on the case, which it did. The
case of Neulinger became the first ever child abduction case to be handled by the ECtHR
Grand Chamber.
The Grand Chamber case judgement was handed down three years after it had been
introduced, which drastically clashed with the return mechanism intended by the Hague
Convention to be finalized within six-weeks. The ECtHR decided that enforcing the return
order would lead to a violation of the abducting mother’s and child’s right to family life
under Article 8 ECHR.127 The reason for the Neulinger case being so exceptional and why
it caused extensive controversy in the legal community was due to the ECtHR Grand
Chamber ignoring many years of Hague Convention case law. ECtHR turned the case into
a custody proceeding by making an ‘in-depth’ examination of the family situation which
was in conflict with the very purpose of the Hague Convention to promptly return the child

123

Kvisberg. p 96.
Walker. 2010. p 666.
125
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. see
https://hudoc.echr.coe.int/FRE#{"itemid":["001-99817"]} point 3.
126
Freedman, 2014. p 157.
127
Kvisberg. p 97.
124

31

to the habitual residence where custody issues are to be solved.128 In addition great
emphasis was given to the best interest of child principle.

3.1.1.1. The principle of the best interest of the child
Best interest of child or interests of children is a principle inherent to the rights of the child
and Article 3 UNCRC states that
“in all actions concerning children, whether undertaken by public or private social
welfare institutions, courts of law, administrative authorities or legislative bodies,
the best interests of the child shall be a primary consideration”. Assessing the best
interests of a child means to evaluate and balance “all the elements necessary to
make a decision in a specific situation for a specific individual child or group of
children”.

The principle as such lacks a specific definition but it “…consists of evaluating and
balancing all the elements necessary to make a decision in a specific situation for a
specific individual child or group of children.”129 Elements that should be taken into
account when assessing best interest are for example, child’s views; identity; preservation
of family relations and environment; care, protection and safety of the child; vulnerability;
right to health and right to education.130 Overall the principle of best interest of child is
seen as a tool to be considered when enforcing other rights affecting children, also it
functions as a principle for arbitration in conflicts of rights as it is to be considered, and is
to be implied in all decisions concerning children. Lastly, when an issue is not overseen by
other positive rights, the best interest principle works as a substantive base for evaluation
of relevant rules and practices.131
The child has various rights that are affected as a result of being removed or retained from a
familiar environment such as home, friends, school and removed from the opportunity of
maintaining contact with both of the parents132 which is one important right guaranteed by

128

Keller and Heri, 2015. p 282.
CRC/C/GC/14. p 12/ para 47.
130
CRC/C/GC/14. p 13-17.
131
Peace Palace Library. Lhoest, B. 2018. https://www.peacepalacelibrary.nl/2018/02/the-hague-abductionconvention-nice-in-theory-difficult-in-implementation/
132
Article 9(3) UNCRC 1990.
129

32

the UNCRC. Abduction will most likely have a major impact on the child’s mental health.
Depression, anxiety, and aggressive behaviour as well as emotional problems can be some
of the symptoms that a child can experience in connection with abduction and can carry with
them for the rest of their lives.133
The engagement of the best interest principle in international child abduction scenarios be
contradicting the harmonization of the interpretation of the standards in proceedings,
namely the best interest assessment is subjective making it difficult to enable a coherent
application of it so in procedural proceedings. The best interest principle has different
meanings in different fields, legal contexts, and areas of law. In addition, the determination
of the best interest of the child varies from case to case, national authority and other
considerations making the harmonized interpretation in general difficult. Therefore, it is
important and most realistic for the ECtHR to accept that the child’s best interest is to be
assessed by the State of habitual residence as delegated by the Hague Convention. It is also
important acknowledge that the best interest cannot be a right of its own but rather as a
substantive consideration when authorities carry out the task of solving an individual case
on the merits of the nature and situation of a case.
Children in abduction cases are an important aspect and their interests are critical due to
children being vulnerable, hence they are greatly affected both during and after the
abduction. Despite this the Hague Convention is not designed to examine the interests of
children in any particular case or question of where the child wants to be resident (as it is
neither a question of what the parents want) because the Hague Conventions aims to deter
child abduction from occurring. The Hague Convention aims to protects children in general,
hence the interests of individual children cases are not technically accounted for. In addition,
due to the ECtHR recent case-law, this distinction has been blurred and States could easily
drift into proceedings that exceed over to custody proceedings. 134

3.1.1.2. Best interest of the child and in-depth examination of circumstances
In Neulinger, the ECtHR took the approach to prioritize the best interest of the individual
abducted child, namely that whatever the decision return or non-return, it should always

133
134

Sthoeger. 2011. p 527.
Walker & Beaumont. 2011. p 248.

33

be in accordance with the best interest of the abducted child.135 The ECtHR started off by
stating that in matters of international child abduction, the obligations that Article 8 ECHR
imposes on the Contracting States must be interpreted taking into account both the Hague
Convention and the UNCRC.136 The decisive issue was whether a fair balance had been
struck between the competing interests at stake - those of the child, of the two parents, and
of public order - bearing in mind that the child's best interests must be the primary
consideration.137 According to the ECtHR the child best interest has two limbs:
The child's interest comprises two limbs. On the one hand, it dictates that the child's ties with
its family must be maintained, except in cases where the family has proved particularly unfit. It
follows that family ties may only be severed in very exceptional circumstances and that
everything must be done to preserve personal relations and, if and when appropriate, to
"rebuild" the family. On the other hand, it is clearly also in the child's interest to ensure its
development in a sound environment, and a parent cannot be entitled under Article 8 to have
such measures taken as would harm the child's health and development.138

According to the traditional approach, the Hague Convention is to focus on the
maintenance of family ties, such as custody and access and it is left for the State of habitual
residence to evaluate whether these family ties are unfit.139 The approach in Neulinger
suggested that both limbs are to be considered in the State of abduction. The ECtHR held
that in return cases, national courts must assess the situation of each individual child.
“It follows from Article 8 that a child's return cannot be ordered automatically or
mechanically when the Hague Convention is applicable. The child's best interests,
from a personal development perspective, will depend on a variety of individual
circumstances, in particular his age and level of maturity, the presence or absence
of his parents and his environment and experiences [...] For that reason, those best
interests must be assessed in each individual case.”140

The thought of setting the best interest of the child their best interest as ‘the’ primary
consideration in all decisions concerning children, as the ECtHR did, relied too much on
the general statement that the Hague Convention presents in its Preamble. According to the
135

McEleavy, 2015. p 368.
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 132.
137
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 134.
138
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 136.
139
Keller and Heri. p 280.
140
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 138.
136

34

Preamble of the Hague Convention, the interests of children are of paramount importance
in matters relating to their custody, however, this does not necessarily mean that the best
interest of the individual child is a priority in the proceedings under the Hague Convention,
as it is one aspect in a much larger picture. The Hague Convention assumes that it is in the
best interests of the child to be returned in a promptly manner. Considering the special
nature of international child abduction this judgment put matters, and requirements a little
too high. ‘The’ primary consideration is not the same as ‘a’ primary consideration. Further,
while this might be the case in substantive domestic family law, the best interest of child is
short from the same effect in international family law, mostly due to its subjective
character.141
The ECHR makes no reference to the best interests of the child which makes the approach
taken by the Grand Chamber in Neulinger interesting, due to the weight that was given the
principle. The ECtHR made various referrals to the UNCRC in Neulinger to support its
interpretation in the case and the best interest of the child. Interestingly, no mention was
made of UNCRC Article 11 stating that “States Parties shall take measures to combat the
illicit transfer and non-return of children abroad and promote the conclusion of bilateral
or multilateral agreements or accession to existing agreements”, the only article in the
instrument that straight forward refers to international child abduction.142
Majority of the judges believed that
“… the Court must ascertain whether the domestic courts conducted an in depth
examination of the entire family situation and of a whole series of factors, in
particular of a factual, emotional, psychological, material and medical nature, and
made a balanced and reasonable assessment of the respective interests of each
person, with a constant concern for determining what the best solution would be for
the abducted child in the context of an application for his return to his country of
origin”.143

The examination of the defences was turned into a requirement as the States of abduction
were obliged to examine in-depth the circumstances before deciding whether if the
abducted child was to be returned and each case is to be considered individually. However,
141

McEleavy, 2015. p 385.
McEleavy. 2015. p 383.
143
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010. para 139.
142

35

there is a fear that such an in-depth examination, leading to intense scrutiny by national
courts in State of abduction, would result in examining merits of the case, like custody
issues, which goes completely against the objective of the Hague Convention. The
examination, as found earlier is to be executed by the national authorities in the State of
habitual residence. They constitute the most suitable forum for merits of the case to be
determined as they most likely will have the best resources for this as the child’s whole life
existed there before abduction. 144 In addition, it was unclear how such an ‘in-depth
examination’ could truly be consistent with the summary return procedure envisaged by
the Hague Convention. In Neulinger, but also in cases that followed, the ECtHR has
mixed procedural and substantive approaches and is drawn to execute a concrete and
detailed procedural and material examination of the whole family situation.145 In a UK
Supreme Court case, Lady Hale has expressed that States of abduction are “not to conduct
their own investigation and evaluation of what will be best for the child. There is a
particular risk that an expansive application of Article 13(1)(b) exception, focusing on the
situation of the child, could lead to this result.”146 It must be noted that it is outside the
ECtHR function to interpret the provisions of the Hague Convention and Contracting
States are the ones to execute the interpretation, and if it is seen that they have violated the
ECHR while doing so then the ECtHR can consider the Hague Convention. However, in
doing so the concentration should be on the ECHR. Additionally, the critiques expressed
was in the fear that the decision would jeopardize the speediness of the proceedings under
the Hague Convention, which is of paramount importance in child abduction cases and in
the best interest of abducted children. The timeframe of six weeks does not leave room for
a holistic assessment of the best interest of the child as this would require evidence
gathering and detailed expert evaluations, which take time.
The approach that the ECtHR took in Neulinger, when it required the best interests of the
child to be assessed in each individual case and that this assessment should include an ‘indepth examination of the entire family situation’, would require an examination of a series
of factors.147 Although Neulinger, according to various scholars and other experts in the
144

Keller and Heri 2015. p 272.
Keller and Heri. 2015. p 295.
146
Re D (A Child) (Abduction: Rights of Custody) [2006] UKHL 51, [2007] 1 AC 619.
147
‘factual, emotional, psychological, material and medical nature’ Neulinger and Shuruk v Switzerland
[GC] para 134. See also Kvisberg. p 97.
145

36

field, was a devastating occurrence for the deterrence of international child abduction, those
who support the reflection given to the individual child have welcomed this approach as a
starter for debate for human rights in abductions to be re-framed. However, as Keller and
Heri acknowledged
“…the special nature of international child abductions, which requires great
procedural expedience, justifies a departure from the usual requirement of a holistic
evaluation of the affected child’s best interests under the lex specialis, the Hague
Convention. It is precisely in light of the vulnerability and dependence of children,
and the need to make their best interests a primary consideration, that this
characteristic of international abduction cases is justified”148

What the Grand Chamber suggested does not necessarily differ from the examination
intended to be performed by the State of habitual residence and could be equivalent to a full
examination of the custody merits.149 To conduct an in-depth examination of the
circumstances of a case, like the one required by the Grand Chamber in Neulinger, the courts
in the State of abduction would need to require excessive amount of time and evidence to be
able to prove that it is for the best that the child is not to be returned to the habitual residence.
This in-depth examination gives States liberty to interpret the exception to return, namely,
as they can use their margin of appreciation and refuse to return the children on the basis of
what is perceived to be in the best interest of the child rather than following the strict
interpretation of these exceptions of the Hague Convention as expected.
ECtHR Grand Chamber, in its first ever judgement as regards to international child
abduction, made such a strong acknowledgement to the principle of the child´s best
interest. One could have thought that it would be important for the Grand Chamber to give
a strong support to the Hague Convention in order to strengthen the objective of returning
a child in a speedy manner to the State of habitual residence instead of a judgement that
would be of such misleading character. The emphasis was clearly put on the fact of how
return would impact Article 8 ECHR and the best interest of the child. Article 8 ECHR and
its interpretation was emphasised in a way that the Hague Convention and its primary
objectives of return were placed in a weak position and not prioritized in the same way as
the ECtHR had done before. Why the Grand Chamber failed to mention that the
148
149

Keller and Heri. p 288.
Beaumont et al. 2015. p 44

37

application of the best interest was not to be applied in general and in all abduction cases
where exceptions were applied is unclear. Nonetheless, as McEleavy suggests, it is not
uncommon for the ECtHR to make use of loose language in its judgements.150 After
Neulinger the legal community waited in anticipation of the following as the Grand
Chamber took on its next case, namely X v. Latvia.

3.1.2. X v. Latvia – re-assessment of the Neulinger approach
The state that existed in the aftermath of the judgment given in Neulinger was confused.
Especially the balance between Article 8 ECHR and the Hague Convention had been
jeopardized. This due to conflicting approach, where the ECtHR held that in order for the
State of abduction to apply Article 8 ECHR correctly, States of abduction were expected to
make an in-depth examination of the facts surrounding the case prior to return decision.
The legal community held its breath as ECtHR Grand Chamber took on its second
international child abduction case a few years later, X v. Latvia.151 This was the moment
for the Grand Chamber to amend the damage established through Neulinger.
In the case a woman, Latvian national, had settled in Australia where she got married. She
then had a child with a man while married. She lived together with the father of her child
in an apartment that he rented, and they jointly took care of the child, but the father’s
paternity was not established.152 As a result of deteriorated relationship, the mother moved
to Latvia with the child.153 Subsequently, the father applied to the Australian Family Court
to establish parental rights and applied for the return of the child under the Hague
Convention.154 As the request had been made the mother argued that the father did not
enjoy parental rights and that he had been abusive towards the child which could be
certified by others as well. Additionally, she claimed that the child had become settled in
Latvia and issued a certificate by a psychologist where it was stated that the child would be

150

McEleavy, 2015. p 385.
Keller and Heri. p 288.
152
X. v. Latvia (Application No 27853/09) 2013. para 11.
153
Beumont et al.2015 p 42.
154
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013. para 11.
151

38

traumatized if separated from the mother. Hence it was not in the child’s best interest to be
returned to Australia.155
Despite the mother’s efforts, the Latvian court made an order for the child to be returned to
Australia. The mother made an application to ECtHR claiming that the Latvian courts had
ordered the return of the child without reviewing Australian law concerning the custody
rights of the father and dismissing the arguments raised not to return the child. ECtHR
found that there had been a violation of the mother’s rights under Article 8 ECHR.156 In
reaching this conclusion, and ﬁnding a breach of Article 8 ECHR, the Chamber revisited
the judgement given in Neulinger stating that the violation came from the fact that the
Latvian court had not carried out an in-depth examination of the entire family situation.157
Furthermore, the Latvian court should have assessed whether there were sufﬁcient
safeguards to render the child’s return to Australia in her best interests.158
Dissenting opinions in X v. Latvia did not support the judgment, that there had been an
violation of Article 8 ECHR, as they held that the psychologist report did not mean that the
child would experience harm from being return to Australia, but from being separated from
the abductive mother. They saw that there was no legal obstacle for the abductive mother
to return alongside the child as she was an Australian citizen and that the Australian legal
system would provide the protection needed in terms of the father. 159
The ECtHR previously had stated in Neulinger that the best interest of the child should be
‘the’ primary consideration that decision makers should take notice to when making
decisions of return, however, a slight change was introduced in the present case as in X v.
Latvia it was emphasized that the best interest should be ‘of’ primary consideration but not
the only consideration. This slight re-phrasal found in X v. Latvia was clearly a move
towards an amendment to the prevailing state caused in Neulinger. The ECtHR went
further on to explain that the best interest,
“…cannot be understood in an identical manner irrespective of whether the court is
examining a request for a child’s return in pursuance of the Hague Convention or
155

ECHR Blog. X v Latvia Child Abduction Grand Chamber Judgment, 17 December 2013.
https://echrblog.blogspot.com/2013/12/x-v-latvia-child-abduction-grand.html
156
Ibid.
157
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013, para 78. Beaumont et al. p 43.
158
Momoh. p 43.
159
Kvisberg. p 102.

39

ruling on the merits of an application for custody or parental authority, the latter
proceedings being, in principle, unconnected to the purpose of the Hague
Convention.”160

Even though the national authorities have a certain margin of appreciation when
determining the best interest of the child in the light of exceptions to return of the Hague
Convention. Nevertheless, where exceptions have been applied, States and their
judgements are still subject to supervision by the ECtHR.161 It is noteworthy to mention
that ECtHR is not to give its own assessment to national authorities on how to proceed, but
only to review decisions that the national authorities have made and whether these
judgements have been fair and that the parties had a chance to present their case,162 and
whether the best interest of the child had been protected and that the proceedings overall
were in accordance with the ECHR.163 Although the ECtHR found there to be a violation
of Article 8 ECHR, due to lack of an in-dept examination of the entire family situation, it
was highly emphasised that national authorities were required to carry out an effective
examination of any allegations made in connection with refusal to return the child,
foremostly allegation made by the abductor.164 This was a new and changed approach by
the ECtHR and a re-assessment of the previous Grand Chamber judgement in Neulinger.
McEleavy makes the assumption that despite amending the Neulinger judgment in X v.
Latvia there is a clear desire on the part of many ECtHR judges to direct the interpretation
of international child abductions away from prioritizing return, towards a protection ﬁrst
kind of approach, prioritising the individual abducted child.165

3.1.2.1. Effective examination of allegation of defences to return
According to the ECtHR Grand Chamber, in X v. Latvia, a harmonious interpretation of the
procedural Hague Convention and the human rights instrument of ECHR could be
achieved if the following conditions are observed, and by performing an effective

160

X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013. para. 100.
McEleavy. 2015. p 393.
162
Article 6 ECHR.
163
McEleavy. 2015. p 393.
164
Beumont et al. p 43.
165
McEleavy. 2015. p 397, Momoh. p 644.
161

40

examination of arguable alleged grave risks.166 Firstly, if any of the exceptions to return,
foremostly the exception under Article 13(1)(b), under the Hague Convention were to be
alleged, then these arguable allegations are to be genuinely considered by the national
authorities in the State of abduction.167 Secondly, when the authorities in the State of
abduction have taken into account all allegations, they are to make a decision based upon
an examination that is sufficiently reasoned in order to verify that all facts have genuinely
been taken into account and examined efficiently.168 ECtHR considers that ‘both a refusal
to take account of the objections to return and insuﬃcient reasoning in the ruling
dismissing such objections would be contrary to the requirements of Article 8 ECHR and
also to the aim and purpose of the Hague Convention’ 169 In addition, this judgement must
present specific reasons for the outcome in the light of the circumstances presented in each
individual case, whatever the decision, in favour of return or non-return. Further, the
decisions for return are not to be stereotyped or, but assessed to the circumstances in
question.170 It is a process of assessing the possible existence of harm, followed by a
determination of the excessiveness of this harm and how it will affect the child if returned.
This entails procedural obligation on the State of abduction as they must consider any
allegations, especially the grave risk of harm possibility, in case the child should be
returned. With this the Grand Chamber assumingly wants to eliminate possibilities of the
child being returned to the habitual residence, where no evaluation of the risk has been
performed. The examination should be narrow and only consider relevant circumstances
for establishing whether the alleged exception actually exists.
The new approach of an effective examination referred by the Grand Chamber in X v.
Latvia shows that the critique from Neulinger was taken to heart and effort was made to
harmonize the interpretation of Article 8 ECHR to be more in terms with the Hague
Convention. Some are of the opinion that the approach taken in X v. Latvia does not differ
from the one in Neulinger, that the approach is the same, just introduced with a new
terminology. 171 However, the new approach established in X v. Latvia, which requires an

166

Keri and Heller. p 286.
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013. para. 116.
168
European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International child abductions. 2020.
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf. p 2.
169
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013, majority opinion. para 107, McEleavy. 2015. p 394.
170
Momoh. p 650.
171
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013. Judge Pinto De Albuquerqu, dissenting opinion.
167

41

effective examination of any allegations that fall under the exceptions in the Hague
Convention, is to be welcomed and the requirement strikes a suitable balance between the
prompt return mechanism and the best interests of the child.172

3.2. The protection against grave risk of harm
The exception of Article 13(1)(b) of the Hague Convention provides that a court in the
State of abduction is not bound to return the child where “a grave risk that return would
expose the child to physical or psychological harm or otherwise place him in an
intolerable situation”. One of the most common allegations used to prevent the return of
the child is that the left-behind parent is detrimental to the child. When considering
arguable allegations of grave risk of harm and ruling on specific reasons of those
allegation, the court in the State of abduction must make the assessment in the light of the
circumstances that existed at the time of the removal.173 The wording of Article 13(1) b)
Hague Convention requires that the grave risk of harm is established, just an “assumption”
that the allegations are true and then impose protective measures cannot be considered to
have adequately terminated the obligation under Article 13(1)(b).
There are two different aspects to the grave risk exception that has raised questions as to
the method of how the defence should be considered. Firstly, allegations that the child
being abused and second concern over the child due to separation of the primary caretaker
who has abducted the child and refuses to return due to domestic violence. The latter, in
relation to that it has become more likely that primary caretakers abduct, has become a
quite common defence referred, in order to not return the child.174 In the past it was
considered that those who were not enjoying custody rights were the ones more likely to
abduct, but the contemporary characteristics are based on the fact that it has become
apparent that the primary care taker are more likely to abduct.175 As its more likely that the
abductor will have a stronger tie to the State of abduction. Therefore, the possibility of the
abductor returning with the child is weakened, especially in cases of alleged domestic
violence. This can make the objective of prompt return more difficult to achieve as there is
172

Beumont et al. p 43.
Beaumont et al. p 43-45.
174
Silberman p. 23.
175
McEleavy, 2015. p 370.
173

42

a possibility that the State of abduction will have greater sensitivity towards the abductor
where there are signs of vulnerability. This might open the doors to exploitation of the
return mechanism and lead to prolonged procedures.176 In cases where a primary caretaker
refuses to return with the child, this could lead to a harmful separation from the one person
with whom the child has a strong relationship.
Most courts in the State of abduction in have interpreted the exception of Article 13(1)(b)
of Hague Convention in a strict manner in order to uphold the objective of the return and to
avoid the Hague Convention from becoming a dead letter.177 The narrow interpretation of
the exception has in some cases been justified by the concept of comity,178 where the State
of abduction returns the child based on perception that there is no reason to not assume that
the State of habitual residence would be unwilling to protect the child or have the measures
needed in order to do so. Therefore, the non-return would be inappropriate.179 Hence, it is
assumed that the child will only be at grave risk in situations that are out of the State of
habitual residences control, such as in the state of war or famine.180 However, the comity
approach could be considered a too restrictive approach towards allegations of grave risk
of harm where the State of abduction fails to take or is unable to take measures to protect
the child, for example, due to lack of resources.
To assess the effectiveness of the systems in the State of habitual residence in terms of
protection, foremostly of the child from but also the abductor if the abductor was to return
with the child despite established grave harm would be difficult for the State of abduction,
especially in every case of alleged abuse. Additionally, this could be considered
inappropriate and may well risk the international comity between States in regional areas
like Europe and EU, where States have a close cooperation and inter-dependency.181
Although comity should be considered a subsidiary consideration in relation to the best
interest and protection of the child, it is still important to uphold the effectiveness and
cooperation that the objectives of the Hague Convention require. Therefore, it could be
considered essential that courts in the State of abduction, when considering return, act

176

Momoh. p 646.
Schuz. 2013. p 424.
178
Schuz, 2015. p 50.
179
Ibid, 2015. p 88.
180
Schuz. 2014. p 76.
181
Ibid, 2014. p 49.
177

43

under the presumption that the authorities in the State of habitual residence are capable and
willing to protect those under its jurisdiction and reduce any existing risk.182
To avoid a superficial assessments of the effectiveness of other legal systems, courts
cannot be expected to carry out more than a prima facie analysis of the capabilities of other
legal systems to provide adequate protection to children and mothers returning to the place
of habitual residence. However, in domestic violence cases it could be questioned whether
an failure to address allegations or insufficient actions could have been taken by the
authorities in that State of habitual residence as the abductors has been forced to seek
protection in another State. Often State of habitual residence have the means to protect the
child, but these measures might be dependent on resources. Another reason could also be
that the abductive parent is afraid to report abuse or does not trust the legal system in the
State of habitual residence, resulting in seeking protection in their native country.
Children being exposed to domestic violence and spousal abuse might experience
psychological harm which might affect their development.183 With respect for the best
interest of the child, some could be of the opinion that return should be rejected if the
return will not benefit or promote the best interest of that individual child. However, this
would require a broader interpretation of the grave risk exception. Even though the
exception is to be interpreted in a strict way, it should be carried in mind that the
exceptions are a part of the Hague Convention and should be given meaning deserved.184
On the other hand, States of abduction might be reluctant to considering the arguments of
grave risk of harm and domestic violence due to possibility of these allegations being foul
and the abductor only uses these allegations as a reason to prolong the proceedings which
prevents the child from having a relationship with the left-behind parent.
A crucial element in return decisions has been the possible separation of the child and the
primary caretaker abductor and its effect on the child. If the abductor is the victim of the
abuse, to what extent does this constitute a risk towards the child. A general argument is
that the child could suffer of psychological harm as a result of separation from the
abducting parent, especially if the child and parent have always been close. Returning the

182

Ibid, 2014. p 69.
Schuz 2015. p 17.
184
McEleavy. 2015. p 378.
183

44

child to the habitual residence and possibly a new custody arrangement would cause stress
for the child. If the child is not returned because of this, the abducting parent is given a
powerful weapon against the summary return procedure.185 Judge Dedov186 pointed out
that the return mechanism, that highlights prompt procedures, is not suitable for the
assessment of rights under Article 8 of the ECHR, as the Hague Convention does not
provide a comprehensive approach to the enforcement and implementation of the return
proceedings. He went on to highlight the fact that mothers can be extremely vulnerable and
dependent on their husbands, and the vulnerability of children especially young children
who would because of separation from the mother suffer from distress. The best interest of
a child, from a personal development perspective, would depend on a variety of individual
circumstances: the child’s age and level of maturity, the presence or absence of his parents
as well as his environment and experiences. Judge Dedov believed that separating a child
under the age of seven from their mother would most likely always lead to a risk of grave
harm where the exception of Article 13(1)(b) is present.187 Concerning children from 7-13
years old, Judge Dedov went further to consider that a return was more likely, as the
separation would not be as critical as it would be for younger children. Not preferable, but
still more realistic, unless of course the return would be of grave risk of harm. 188
Even in cases where serious violence is established, many courts take the view that
violence against the mother does not per se present a grave risk to the child or place him in
an intolerable situation. 189 Also, in absence of evidence of violence/ threats of violence
against the child or clear expert evidence that the child has suffered from post-traumatic
stress syndrome due to violence the child is likely to be returned.190 However, research has
shown that there is a link between children and spousal abuse and that courts should take
more into account that the child being exposed to violence between parents will cause
long-term damage to the child.191 In this case the separation might entail significant
psychological emotional stress to the child, and therefore an intolerable situation, if it were

185

Beaumont & McEleavy 1999, p. 145.
Adzic v. Croatia (no. 22643/14) 2015. Dissenting opinion Judge Dedov.
187
McEleavy. 2015. p 399.
188
Adzic v. Croatia (no. 22643/14) 2015. Dissenting opinion Judge Dedov.
189
Schuz, 2013 p 431.
190
Schuz, 2013 p 431.
191
Schuz, 2014. p 18.
186

45

so that the primary caretaker was in a position not able to return with the child.192 Therefor
a return might not be preferable especially if the abductor, not able to return due to
violence, represents a central figure in the child life, both for the child’s development and
wellbeing. However, denying return as a reason not to separate the child from the mother
invades the rights of the child in cases where the grave risk of violence is not directed
towards the child. Hence, it would not be in the best interest of the child not to return.
Denying the child’s return due to conditions of the mother would simply be putting the
mother’s rights before the child’s rights.
Even though most of the judgements have displayed support for the return and the strict
interpretation of the Hague Convention exceptions when applying Article 8 ECHR and the
right to family life, there is still a sense of confusion after both Neulinger and X v. Latvia.
Like in the case of Phostira Efthymiou et Ribeiro Fernandes v. Portugal193, where the
mother refused to return the child after a holiday in Portugal where after a return order was
made on a relatively short time frame of four moths. This return order was later rejected as
the mother argued that if the child were to be returned and as the mother would be in risk
of harm at the hands of the left-behind parent. After the child had spent one and a half
years in Portugal the Supreme Court there decided, after a strict interpretation of Article
13(1)(b) to reinforce the order of return previously made. ECtHR found there to have been
a violation of Article 8 by the Portuguese authorities. However, the judgments contained
differing opinions that emphasised the differences present in X v. Latvia.
The majority of judges, who found there to be a violation of Article 8 ECHR, were of the
opinion that given that the previous situation of the child was unknown and no additional
information concerning the child was sought from the habitual residence194 it was
considered that the return order had been based on a limited amount of evidence.
Additionally, evidence had been presented by the mother and a psychologist, neither of
these were considered by the national court in the State of abduction. The majority saw that
as the proceedings in the State of abduction had lasted an excessive period that the child
had settled in the new environment. In contrast, the dissenting opinions held that the State
192

Beaumont et al. p 53.
Phostira Efthymiou et Ribeiro Fernandes v. Portugal, (no. 66775/11) 2015
194
Information concerning situation of father and his alleged incapability to care for child as alleged by
mother. See McEleavy, 2015. p 400 see also European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International
child abductions. 2020. https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf. p 14-15.
193

46

of abduction had acted within margin of appreciation in giving a strict interpretation of
Article 13(1)(b). Referring to majority application of general principles in X v. Latvia, it
was unspoken but clear that exceptions are to be strictly interpreted and burden of proof
lies with person opposing return and that if return would be refused every time a
psychologist presented a report considered to have emotional consequences for young
child then Hague Convention would be watered down of its meaning.195
In connection to first investigating the merits of the allegation of the grave risk of harm,
there have been some issues concerning the extent of consistency in the examination that
has been carried out. In the case of Karrer v. Romania196, the left-behind parent was not
given the opportunity to present a defence against the allegations taken against him by the
abductive parent.197 The court in the State of abduction only considered the report
presented by the mother where it was alleged that the child would be placed in grave risk
of harm if returned to their father. This was seen by the ECtHR as a fundamental flaw in
the proceedings as the defence was not sufficiently examined. Therefore, it was not in the
best interest of the child and a breach of Article 8 ECHR of both the child and the left
behind parent. Fairness in abduction proceedings is required and both parties, against
return and for return, must be given the chance to be heard and present their case.
Especially the left behind parent needs to be heard in a fair and just proceeding where the
allegations made by the abductive parent might be exaggerated and even false.

3.2.1. Assessment of the allegations of grave risk of harm
It is difficult to see how courts in the State of abduction could determine whether the grave
risk exists without an excessive examination the facts of alleged abuse. The burden of
proof lies with the person alleging that there is a grave risk, meaning the abductor. Article
13(3) is the only part in the Hague Convention referring to examination and it states that
“judicial and administrative authorities shall take into account the information relating to
the social background of the child provided by the Central Authority or other competent

195

McEleavy. 2015. p 399-400.
Karrer v. Romania, (no. 16965/10) 2012.
197
Karrer v. Romania, (no. 16965/10) 2012, press release issues by Registrar of the Court.
http://hudoc.echr.coe.int/eng-press?i=003-3853195-4429632 (last visited 9.6.2020)
196

47

authority of the child’s habitual residence”.198 As the State of abduction most likely lacks
of too much information about the child prior to the abduction the State of abduction can
examine information of the child provided by the State of habitual residence. On the other
hand, as great as this sounds in theory, it will most likely work in practice and is
experienced as relatively ambiguous as this exchange of information is only possible if the
State of habitual residence regards this as “desirable”. 199 As the merits of the case are to
be investigated in the habitual residence, the exchange of information about the social
background of the child is most likely not possible and rarely occur.200 Foremostly due to
no existing provision or mechanism in Article 13 Hague Convention to ensure this is
transaction.201
The approach introduced in the case of X v. Latvia, in paragraphs 107-108, might therefore
be the best option to determine the grave risk of harm as it, as noted in the previously,
emphasizes the requirement of efficiently examining the arguable allegations of grave risk.
The approach of effective examination, as mentioned before, has two sides, namely the
examination of the allegations of grave risk and protecting the child against these risks and
making sure that adequate safeguards, protective measures, are provided in the State of
habitual residence. In X v. Latvia, it was emphasized that the consideration of whether the
protective measures are adequate should come after the effective examination of the
allegations.202 In practice, the reason for this sequence is based on the fact that in order to
understand what kind of protective measures are required the risk has to be assessed. In
other words, first the risk must be assessed to understand the weight of the protective
measures required. Of course, the challenges faced here are that contested allegations that
cannot be genuinely verified, for example due to difficulties in gathering evidence of the
risk and the social background of the child from the State of habitual residence as
discussed earlier.
The approach in X v. Latvia has a lower burden on the State of abduction than the one in
Neulinger, where the in-depth examination of the entire family situation required the State
of abduction a higher burden in terms of examination on the circumstances of the family
198

Article 13 Hague Convention.
McEleavy.2015. p 376.
200
McEleavy.2015. p 376.
201
Ibid. 2015. p 376.
202
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 2013. para 108.
199

48

situation. In X v. Latvia approach, the allegations are to be examined efficiently and based
upon this examination it is then determined whether a grave risk exist and that maximum
‘eﬀectiveness’ of the examination is not appropriate. If this effective examination is carried
out properly no human rights are violated.203 Based on this it would be advisable to use the
X v. Latvia approach when assessing whether a grave risk of harm exists.
General obligation of uncertain scope, this is what the general principles established by the
ECtHR Grand Chamber in X v. Latvia caused as for the return orders. By this meaning that
obligations directed to the States were quite general and no actual direction were given on
how this should be carried out. States should protect individual children from grave risk of
harm when returned and the State of abduction must satisfy themselves that ‘adequate
safeguards are convincingly provided’ as wells as that ‘tangible protection measures’ are at
hand where a known risk exists.204 This could be carried out thru inspection of the living
arrangements that would take place as the return would take place as well as by
maintaining contact with the child, post-return. However, such inspections concerning the
quality of the protective safeguards that possibly would be ensured in the State of habitual
residence to be undertaken by the State of abduction would not only lengthen the
proceedings but also these types of procedures would expand the scope of authority. The
practicality of these types of measures should be questioned as there is no existing
mechanism to verify the achievement of such extensive measures. Moreover, the fact that
these would require additional time to the proceedings they would also require resources.
This is also why the defence should be examined at first hand. If the grave risk is
established the impact on the child should be considered short- and long-term risks as
assessing the protective measures. For State of abduction to be satisfied that adequate
safeguards in the State of habitual residence, leaves a quite broad vision of what this might
entail. This might lead to States to turn to the more traditional presumptive concept of
simply relying that the State habitual residence has the means for adequate protection of
the child and that there are no grounds for doubting the quality of protection that other
States provide and have to offer. 205 Inspections by the authorities in the State of abduction

203

Momoh. p 648.
McEleavy. 2015. p 395.
205
McEleavy. 2015. p 395.
204

49

of how the protective measures would be ensured would undoubtably enable a more wellestablished protection for the children.
The burden of proof lies with the one resisting the return, in other words the abductor. If
the abductor has prima facie evidence, then the burden is transferred to the national
authorities of the State of abduction, as they are to determine if the alleged risk actually
exists. As the State of abduction is to consider the allegations and make an efficient
examination thereafter, there is a temptation and risk that this investigation will become
more excessive that originally meant, especially when there are allegations of domestic
violence and vulnerability.206 Therefore, McEleavy questions the obligation of States to
undertake an examination of the grave risk of harm in relation to the burden of proof that
the abducting parent has and that this could lead to the advantage of the abducting parent.
This because, it removes the burden of proof from the parent alleging the risk on to the
State of abduction as the State must examine these allegations to confirm or exclude the
possibility of a risk.207
As greater weight is given to the examination of risk it might also open door to exploitation
due to the possibility of return proceedings drifting into examination of custody merits.
However, to the problem at hand, that being the differing interpretations of Article 13(1)(b)
Hague Convention, the effective examination gives a reason to reach an suitable approach
of determining the merits of defence on the grounds for a grave risk, like domestic
violence. 208 Whilst acknowledging that by examining the merit of the allegations with
greater sensitivity there is a danger that this “opens the door to exploitation”. 209 However,
this danger “must be balanced against the danger of assuming the facts and prejudicing a
left-behind parent in those proceedings and potentially subsequent welfare
proceedings”.210 Of course, the duration of proceedings is in conflict with the procedural
aspect of the Hague Convention proceedings, that are to be determined within six weeks,
but taken into consideration the complex nature of these abduction cases, it is better than
keeping the left-behind parent from maintaining a relationship and on the other hand the
abducting parent from having the child sent back before the case is disclosed. After X v.
206

Momoh. p 646.
McEleavy. 2015. p 396-397.
208
Momoh. p 646.
209
Ibid. p 646.
210
Ibid. p 646.
207

50

Latvia, national courts undoubtably have greater reflection and sensitivity towards Article
8 ECHR and human rights arguments in international child abductions cases.
In Article 11(4) the Brussels II Regulation states that return of child cannot be refused on
basis of grave risk or intolerable situation “it is established that adequate arrangements
have been made to secure the protection of the child after his or her return”.211 However,
there is no mentioning of how this is to be secured or guaranteed or who is responsible for
the alleged protection. According to the Practice Guide for the Brussels II Regulation there
is an obligation to order the return of the child to cases where a return could expose the
child to such harm, but it is nevertheless established that adequate arrangements have been
made to secure the protection of the child after the return.212 The national authorities must
guarantee that and demonstrate that they have concrete measures to protect the child once
returned. 213 While applying the Brussels regulation in intra-EU abduction cases it is
considered good practice by interpreting Article 11(4) of the Brussels II Regulation to have
courts first investigate whether adequate protective measures exits to protect the child
against the emotional harm arising out of exposure to domestic violence between the
parents, when considering a non-return on the basis of allegation of risk under 13(1)(b) of
the Hague Convention. 214 This approach can be seen as presuming the existence of harm
before an assessment of the grave risk of harm has taken place.215 However, this approach
supports the aim of the Hague Convention as further emphasis is placed on returning the
child to the habitual residence and in a way reduces the possibility of abductors who with
fault accusations rely on the grave risk of harm exception. As the Article 11(8) of the
Brussels II Regulation makes it possible for the State of habitual residence to trump a nonreturn decision with a certificate for enforcement made possible under Article 42 Brussels
II Regulation, in theory the State of abductions has no option but to return the child in this
circumstance. Where a State refuses to return the child despite a certificate of
enforceability having been issued the case can be reviewed by the European Court of

211

Article 11(4), Brussels IIa Regulation 2003.

212

Practice Guide – The Brussels II Regulation.
Momoh. p 636.
214
Momoh. p 635.
215
Ibid. p 636.
213

51

Justice (ECJ). The ECJ has implied that the best interest of the child can best be applied
through strict interpretation of the Brussels regulation and mutual trust between States.216
The Brussels Regulation rules are created for a more strictly regulated return regime and
seeks to ensure that the child is returned to the State of habitual residence. However, in
cases where a risk of grave harm under Article 13(1)(b) would exists, the application of
certificate of enforceability is questionable as it could lead the exceptions futility. In theory
where the State of abduction has rejected a return based on 13(1)(b) the State of habitual
residence could trump this by enforcing Article 42. This was the case in Aguirre,217where
the return of the child was rejected based on the objections of the child. Spain, as the State
of habitual residence, responded to this with a certificate of enforceability. The custody
proceedings were in Spain and the Spanish court did not hear the child even though she
was mature enough and despite that being the enough reason for the non-return. Germany,
the State of abduction, hesitated to enforce the certificate of enforceability as the Spanish
court had not heard the child before it made the judgement and held that there should be an
exception to the enforcement of return on the basis of the certificate of enforceability due
to infringement of fundamental rights.218
The certificate of enforceability is based on the principle of mutual trust, as it is seen that
Member States are “capable of providing equivalent and effective protection of
fundamental rights”.219 Despite the fact that the Spanish court did not hear the child and
additionally breached both the child’s and the mothers right to fair trial, the ECJ held that
Germany should enforce the certificate. In the present case the ECJ had the opportunity to
rectify and prevent States of habitual residence from taking advantage of the power that the
certificate of enforceability entails. The case of Aguirre is an exceptional case, the weight
that ECJ gave the principle of mutual trust gives opportunity to bad practice if the States of
habitual residence would consistently issue the certificate without thought given to the
examinations carried out by the State of abduction. In that case the exceptions to return
would lose their meaning and children would lose their protection where needed and every
return by the ECtHR would become automatic. This is basically the opposite to the X v.

216

Walker & Beaumont. 2011. p 239.
C-491/10 PPU Joseba Andoni Aguirre Zarraga v Simone Pelz. 2010.
218
Walker & Beaumont. 2011. p 241.
219
Walker & Beaumont. 2011. p 245.
217

52

Latvia approach. However, the case law where Article 11(8) has been issued show that in
practice the enforced return on basis of the certificate of enforceability is not being
achieved and children are rarely returned because of the this.220

3.2.2. Interim measures
Interim measures are made possible by ECtHR Rules of Court - Rule 39.221 Due to the
likeliness of the abduction proceedings being prolonged, this might lead to the left-behind
parents’ being deprived from a relationship with abducted child. The interim measures can
issue by the ECtHR and enable continued contact between the abducted child and the leftbehind parent possible as the court proceedings are ongoing as well as minimize the risk
for parental alienation.222 Interim measures can be ordered by the ECtHR, “at the request
of a party or of any other person concerned, or of their own motion, indicate to the parties
any interim measure which they consider should be adopted in the interests of the parties
or of the proper conduct of the proceedings.”223 In theory and possibly in practice the
interim measures would make the duration of prolonged proceedings acceptable from the
perspective that the relationship of the ones concerned are not necessarily deprived. The
advantages of the interim measures are two folded, namely the abducting parent can apply
these measures to prevent the child from being ordered to return before the proceedings are
completed and left-behind parent can ensure the contact rights with the child during the
proceedings. 224

3.2.3. Undertakings in the State of habitual residence
One option for the State of abduction to protect the child in return decisions is to introduce
undertakings. In domestic violence cases these undertakings are to protect the returning
child and the abducting parent from the abuse of the left-behind parent. These undertakings

220

McEleavy.2015. p 373 and 379.
Rules of Court. 1 January 2020. https://www.echr.coe.int/Pages/home.aspx?p=basictexts/rules
222
Parental alienation is perceived as one parent manipulating the child into becoming estranged to the other
parent and not wanting to maintain contact with the other, hence the child might be opposing to the return to
the left-behind parent. Schuz, 2013. p 139.
223
Rules of Court. 1 January 2020, Rule 39(1). https://www.echr.coe.int/Pages/home.aspx?p=basictexts/rules
224
Eskinazi and Chelouche v. Turkey, (no. 14600/05) 2005.
221

53

are set out by the State of abduction to the State of habitual residence and can take form
through restriction orders where the left-behind parent is not to approach the child or the
other parent, once returned, without permission. 225 Other forms of undertakings could be
financial support and provision of accommodation for the child and abductive parent,
withdrawal of criminal proceedings from being commenced against the abducting
parent.226 However, it is questionable if these undertakings actually are of any value in
protecting children and the abducting parent in cases where there is actually some truth
behind the allegations of violence. Undertakings are not usually judicially enforceable in
the State of habitual residence, making them in theory a great protective measure but less
so in practice. 227 In publications released, there are indications that the increased use and
reference given to protective measures has led to awareness to the actual dangers that
might exist for the child in relation to domestic violation allegations. 228

3.3. Hearing the child – not right to veto
Article 13(2) Hague Convention makes the hearing of the child’s opinion possible as it
states that authorities in the State of abduction “…may also refuse to order the return of
the child if it finds that the child objects to being returned and has attained an age and
degree of maturity at which it is appropriate to take account of its views”. However, as
seen by the wording of the Article “States may” indicating that this is not an obligation.
The choice of hearing the views of a child is not an option under UNCRC according to
which children have a fundamental right to be heard and this right is guaranteed under
Article 12 UNCRC. Article 12 UNCRC states that Contracting Stats shall ensure that a
child “capable of forming his or her own views” has the right to express these view in all
matter concerning him/her and these views are to be “given due weight in accordance with
age and maturity”. According to the UNCRC Committees General Comment No. 12, age
and maturity refers to the capacity of the child to form an autonomous opinion and this is
to be evaluated on a case-by-case basis depending on the child in question.229 Overall there
is no specific way to assess the capacity of a child and this has to be developed.230 When

225

Schuz, 2013. p 441.
Ibid, 2013. p 441.
227
Ibid, 2013. p 441.
228
Ibid, 2013. p 433.
229
CRC/C/GC/12 20 July 2009. point 44.
230
Ibid. July 2009. point 44.
226

54

taking into account the emphasis ECtHR has placed on the principle of the best interest of
a child,231 as one of the important principles to be considered in of child abduction
proceedings, it could be assumed that this would naturally mean that importance should
also be given to the views of the child. The fact that child’s views are to be heard is
supported by both the Hague Convention and the Brussels Regulation, the former in its
Article 13(2) and the latter in its Article 11(8) - if it is seen as appropriate taking into
consideration the age and maturity of the child.
Despite the support given in theory to the opinion of a child in return proceedings, by
Hague Convention, UNCRC and the Brussels II Regulation, the opinion of the child might
not be so obvious. In Blaga v. Romania232 a mother abducted her three children from USA
to Romania, her native country. The children were 8-10 years of age, the twins being eight
and the oldest child ten at the time of the abduction. The children were heard in the return
proceedings by the national courts in Romania (State of abduction) where they all
expressed their will to stay and not to return to USA (State of habitual residence). It was
seen that the oldest child’s opinion was appropriate to hear.233 Therefore, it was concluded
that the opinions of the two younger children should also be acknowledged, as it would be
inappropriate to separate siblings as this would be traumatizing and not in their best
interests.234
An application was issued by the father to the ECtHR, claiming that the Romanian court
solely relied on the opinion of the children with no desire to return the child, hence the
court had misinterpreted Article 13(2) Hague Convention.235 The ECtHR agreed that while
children’s views concerning a return to the habitual residence must be considered,
however, “their opposition is not necessarily an obstacle to their return”. 236 The ECtHR
held that conditions under Article 13(2) of the Hague Convention were not met as a child’s
views should be considered in coherence with other facts in the case when deciding for

231

Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010 but in X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09),
2013 as well.
232
Blaga v. Romania, (no. 54443/10) 2014.
233
Under Romanian law ten years is the minimum age to take the child’s view into account and the older
child had turned eleven at the time of the proceedings. Blaga v. Romania, (no. 54443/10) 2014. para 20.
234
Separating siblings would most likely place the child in an intolerable situation as sibling relationship are
generally the most enduring of all human relationships and of great importance and value to children. See.
Schuz 2013. p 434.
235
Blaga v. Romania, (no. 54443/10) 2014 para 21.
236
Blaga v. Romania, (no. 54443/10) 2014 para 66.

55

return or non-return. The ECtHR specified that the Romanian court justified the non-return
solely based upon the opinion of the children, therefore, the national authorities in
Romania had not met the procedural requirements under this specific provision and there
had been a violation of the father’s right under Article 8 ECHR.237 The emphasis placed on
the views of the children, the insufficient balancing of the fathers’ rights under Article 8
ECHR, the failure to consider the possibility of return and how this would affect the
children, were all reason that constituted a breach under Article 8 ECHR.238 In addition the
national authorities had not acted in a prompt manner, adding to the reasons for breaching
the procedural requirements.
In the case of M.K v. Greece239, the opinion of child was given great regard. The mother
was granted custody of her sons, I and A, after the divorce from her husband. She as well
as her ex-husband were settled in Greece when she a few years after the divorce decided to
move to France. The custody of the two boys, the mother gave temporarily to her own
mother, who also lived in Greece. During this time, the father unsuccessfully tried to
change the habitual residence of his sons to be placed with him. Following this incident, a
court order confirmed that A, should live with his mother, in France, leaving the brother I.
to live with their father in Greece. A subsequent French court order established the habitual
residence of A. in France. His father had rights of contact that were to be exercised in
Greece.240
The circumstances escalated few years later as A. was visiting his father in Greece and the
father refused to return him to the mother at the end of that visit. As expected, the mother
filed an application to return A under the Hague Convention. This was in May 2015, and in
September that same year the competent court in Greece order A to be returned to his
mother in France. In the same manner as in many other international child abduction
cases,241 even though the decision for return was final, the order was never enforced by the
national authorities in Greece. Hence, A. remained in Greece with his brother I. (who never
237

European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International child abductions. 2020.
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf
238
McEleavy. 2015. p 389-399.
239
M.K. v Greece (application no. 51312/16) 2018.
240
Strasbourg observers. Sara Lembrechts March 22, 2018. https://strasbourgobservers.com/2018/03/22/mk-v-greece-implementing-childrens-rights-in-legal-proceedings-following-an-international-parentalabduction/
241
For example, Ignaccolo-Zenide v. Romania, (no. 31679/96) ECHR 2001, Sylvester v. Austria, (no.
36812/97), 2003.

56

moved to France together with A in the first place) and his father. Without taking into
account that A had a brother, with habitual residence in Greece, French court stated that
the custody of A should be exercised jointly by his parents but that A should live with his
mother in France and the father would be granted rights of contact. Despite this decision A
was not returned to France this time either.
The proceedings went back and forth for around one and a half years during which the
mother tried to return A to France and the father in his turn tried to prevent this from taking
place. The children were heard by court, social workers and a psychologist, where A
repeatedly expressed his will of wanting to remain in Greece with his brother and father
and not to return to France.242 The mother complained to ECtHR that the Greek national
authorities had violated her rights under Article 8 ECHR as they failed to facilitate the
return of A. despite the custody that she possessed.
As important as the right of the child to be heard is, the right cannot overlook or be
separated from the procedural context in which respect for this right must be ensured.243
The final decision on return had already been made, so the fact that the child’s view were
used as a ground for re-examining the decision earlier given to return the children is highly
controversial as the child’s right to express views must operate within the framework of
procedures and cannot therefore serve as a justification for re-examining substance issues
which have already been decided on. Even though a court decision can be appealed
against, the rights of children alone are not a basis for setting aside outcome of a final
decision.244
Dissenting judge Koskelo, emphasized that
“The best interest of a child are a substantive consideration when an authority
carries out the task which have been lawfully entrusted to it, but the best interest of
a child are not capable of creating competences which an authority does not
otherwise lawfully possess, or of doing away with the limits of those
competences.”245

242

Strasbourg observers. Sara Lembrechts. March 22, 2018.
M.K. v Greece (application no. 51312/16) 2018. Dissenting opinion judge Koskelo. para 19.
244
M.K. v Greece (application no. 51312/16) 2018. Dissenting opinion judge Koskelo. para 20
245
M.K. v Greece (application no. 51312/16) 2018. Dissenting opinion judge Koskelo. para 7.
243

57

By this meaning that the best interest and the right to be heard are to be respected but
within the jurisdictional framework of the relevant proceeding and not given the
prerogative but be maintained within the procedural objective. Article 13(2) of the Hague
Convention must be strictly interpreted and cannot solely be invoked as a ground for nonreturn, due to the issues authorities face with the enforcement of the return order, as a
child’s opinions are sensitive to the passage of time and can become decisive due to nonenforcement. The more time that passes, the more likely it is for the child’s views to
become opposing towards return. This becomes clear in M.K v. Greece where the child, in
2015, describes the relationship with both parents as good but did not want to be separated
from his brother – later the next year the opinion was far more negative towards a return.246
The passage of time has critical and irremediable consequences on the relationship
between child and the left-behind parent.247 Under international human rights law, States
assure that they will respect the fundamental right that every child can freely express his or
her views in all matters affecting them, and that these views will be taken seriously in
accordance with the child’s age and maturity. In the case of Blaga v. Romania the fact that
the two younger children had their older sibling who was seen as mature enough to be
heard and as it was not in their best interest to be separated as this would lead to them
being placed in an intolerable situation, their views were also considered. However, as for
young children overall this is not most likely the case, if other aspects do not indicate a
non-return. It would be important to facilitate the hearing for all children, especially
younger children, through help of experts and increase the sensitivity to the non-verbal
expression of relatively young children in cases where there is a believed possibility of
exception of Article 13(1)(b) Hague Convention. Overall children are to be provided the
help of competent authorities in exercising this right, like teachers, social workers, or
psychologist for example.248
Even though the view of children are important to acknowledge it must be held in mind
that children due to their vulnerability can be easily manipulate by the abductive parent
with the aim of trying prevent the return of the child. In this sense Article 13(2) of the

246

Strasbourg observers. Sara Lembrechts. March 22, 2018.
See amongst others, Maire v Portugal; Iosub Caras v Romania; Carlson v Switzerland and Adzic v
Croatia - where the passage of time lead to a violation of Art. 8 ECHR
248
CRC/C/GC/12 20 July 2009. point 42.
247

58

Hague Convention could be exploited if a parent uses parental alienation and tries to
influence the views of their child. 249 The child should also be able to accept the
consequences of his or her decision, namely that he or she is not returned, and this may
affect his or her relationship with either the abductive or the left-behind parent. It is
difficult to strike a balance between rights of children with the overall proceedings. In
addition, it is a difficult and sensitive task to resolve the best interests and opinions of an
individual child with other general interests –in particular with the general interest of
promoting return, so as to deter parents from unlawfully removing or retaining their
children without the consent of the left-behind parent.

3.4. Delays in proceedings
It is not uncommon for children to spend extended periods of time in the State of abduction
whilst return proceedings run their course. The more integrated a child becomes, the more
difﬁcult it is to actually enforce the return.250 One common reason for prolonged
proceedings are insufficient measures taken by the national authorities in the State of
abduction, but also non-cooperating parents who hide the child or refuse to return the child.
Possible loss of custody can drive an abductive parent to try to find whatever loopholes to
prevent the return of the child. Article 11 of Hague Convention requires judicial or
administrative authorities in Contracting States to act expeditiously in proceedings to
return children. However, the Article makes no mentioning of the actual enforcement or
how this is to be executed. The Hague Convection is only designed to apply to the stage of
proceedings where decisions and orders for return are made but there are no provisions that
specifically refer to methods that cover the actual enforcement.251 In reality, this is one
essential part of the problem as many States struggle with efficient enforcement of the
return order once these orders are made.252 Significant delays in enforcement can lead to

249

Beaumont & McEleavy 1999, p 201.
McEleavy. 2015. p 402.
251
Walker 2010. p 651.
252
Due to disappearance of child, physical resistance of abductor, lack of response by national authorities,
250

lack of ability of appropriate coercive measures.

59

conflicting situations where the child is considered to have become settled in the State of
abduction.
The ECtHR has always underlined urgent proceedings in abduction cases because “the
passage of time can have irremediable consequences for the relations between the child
and the left-behind parent”253 and as the passage of time can be used as an argument not to
return the child. It is crucial for the competent authorities to be capable to act promptly in
such demanding contexts. The passage of time will most likely change the underlying
circumstances, therefore a proper conduct in the proceedings under the Hague Convention
is crucial. This in order to safeguard rights and interests of those concerned, as prolonged
proceedings could benefit the abducting parent as the child could get settled in the State of
abduction. Duration in abduction proceedings can only be acceptable if authorities in the
State of abduction take all measures expected of them to reach a conclusion in accordance
with the Hague Convention. Additionally, duration could be acceptable if authorities
enable accordingly, both access and visitation possibilities between the parents and child
on a regular basis - interim measures as discussed earlier.254
ECtHR has been supportive of the effective enforcement of return orders and holds that “the
adequacy of a measure is to be judged by the swiftness of its implementation”.255 Unless an
exception is established and the State of abduction fails to enforce a prompt returns it will
most likely be regarded as a violation of Article 8 ECHR. The ECtHR has noted at an early
stage in the case of Sylvester v. Austria, that “a change in the relevant facts may exceptionally
justify the non-enforcement of a ﬁnal return order”.256 Here proceedings were initially swift
and the State of abduction, Austria, ordered the child to be returned to the habitual residence
in USA. During the enforcement proceedings of the return order, the Austrian authorities reopened the case. About 15 months later the national court reached a decisions where it
concluded that the child was not to be returned as they saw that the circumstances had
changed fundamentally.257 As the case was introduced to the ECtHR it held that a change in

253

Maumousseau and Washington v France (App No 39388/05) 2008. para 140.
See section 3.2.2.
255
Ignaccolo Zenide v Romania (App No 31679/96) 2000.
256
Sylvester v. Austria, (no. 36812/97), 2003, 37 EHRR 417, para. 63.
257
Sylvester v. Austria, (no. 36812/97), 2003, 37 EHRR 417, para 40.
254

60

the relevant facts might indeed exceptionally justify a non-return.258 However, despite this
statement it went further to note that –
"Having regard to the State's positive obligations under Article 8 and the general
requirement of respect for the rule of law, the Court must be satisfied that the
change of relevant facts was not brought about by the State's failure to take all
measures that could reasonably be expected to facilitate execution of the return
order."259

The change of relevant facts in the present case was largely due to the uncooperative
mother. The ECtHR however, not overlooking the impact that the mother’s
uncooperativeness had, still held that the national authorities in the State of abduction
failed to take reasonable measures expected for them to take in order to return the child a
violation of Article 8 ECHR. If the ECtHR would have had accepted the non-return due to
the change in the circumstances, which in large were caused by insufficient measures by
the authorities, this would have meant that the abducting parent would have benefitted
from the wrongful removal only due to passage of time. This would have damaged the
function of the Hague Convention and violated the right to family of the left-behind parent
and the child.
There are several cases where the abducting parent, unwilling to cooperate, has succeeded
to withhold the child from the national authorities.260 That awakens the question of
possible use of coercive measures by the national authorities in the State of abduction in
cases where abductive parents refuse to cooperate. However, States are not to use coercive
measures to achieve the return of the abducted child to reassess a return because
enforcement proves difficult or almost impossible due to uncooperative parties as this is
seen as not being in the best interest of the child. Therefore, coercive measures are to be
limited, as the use force in such sensitive situations and area of law is not preferable.261
Sanctions are more desirable in these situations, where the abductive parent is
uncooperative. The ECtHR has stated that even though authorities must do their utmost to
facilitate cooperation and return, coercive measures are to be limited, as interests, rights,
258

Walker 2010. p 653.
Walker 2010. p 653.
260
Ignaccolo Zenide v Romania (App No 31679/96) 2000, Maire v Portugal (App No 48206/99) ECHR 2003
and PP v Poland (App No 8677/03) ECHR 2008.
261
Walker 2010. pp 655.
259

61

and freedoms of all concerned must be considered,262 most importantly the best interest
and right of the child as well as rights under Article 8 ECHR.263 It is important that States
strive to maintain, as far as possible, the child's relationship with both parents as this is
most likely in the best interest of the child.264 The Guide to Good Practice on
Enforcement,265 does give a quite round about answer to the question of whether it is
acceptable or suitable, and if so, to what extent coercive measures may be used by national
authorities in order to enforce a return order. It both recommends States to make that
option available if necessary, but also makes a reference to the fact that these measures are
not common as this is not in the best interests of the child.266 When it comes to the ECtHR
it makes clear that coercive measures are to be the absolute last resort, as this might cause
serious harm and trauma to the child, and therefore should be avoided. 267
Ineffective measures taken by national authorities in the State of abduction during the
return proceedings not only violate the left behind parents right to family under Article 8,
but in some cases also their right to a fair trial under Article 6 ECHR. The ECtHR has held
that where national authorities in the State of abduction fail to take measures to return the
child within reasonable time, resulting in lengthy proceedings of undue delay, this will
most likely constitute a violation of Article 6(1) ECHR.268 The length of proceedings and
the reasonableness of the duration must be assessed in relation to the circumstances of a
case. Special consideration must be given to certain criteria, namely “the complexity of the
case, the conduct of the applicant and of the relevant authorities and what was at stake for
the applicant in the dispute.” 269 In complex cases it could be seen acceptable if the
proceedings last longer than expected, but then there should be a reasonable explanation
for this, like the need to consult and expert in relation to the child. If neither of the
mentioned criteria’s cause any excessive problems in the proceeding, then the national
authorities should be able to conclude the proceedings within reasonable time. As the
length of the proceedings have a major impact on the child and the left behind parent,
262

Maire v Portugal (App No 48206/99) ECHR 2003, para 71.
Maire v Portugal (App No 48206/99) ECHR 2003, para 71.
264
Walker 2010. p 656.
265
Guide to Good Practice Child Abduction Convention: Part IV – Enforcement.
266
Guide to Good Practice Child Abduction Convention: Part IV – Enforcement. para 24.
267
Schuz. 2015 p 25-26.
268
Hoholm v. Slovakia, (no. 35632/13), 2015
263

269

Hoholm v. Slovakia, (no. 35632/13), ECHR 2015. para 44.

62

especially concerning their relationship, the left behind parent has much at stake.
Therefore, the objectives of the Hague Convention are to be respected by national courts in
the State of abduction. ECtHR has made it clear that national courts are only to examine
questions concerning “whether there has been a removal or retention of a child, whether
such removal or retention was wrongful, and whether there are any obstacles to the child’s
return”.270 There was especially a fear after the case of Neulinger, as States were required
to investigate in-depth the circumstances the case, that proceedings would drift into
examine the underlying custody merits. This would prolong the proceedings significantly
and be against the aim of the Hague Convention, leading to unreasonable examination of
the merit of the case and unreasonable measures outside of what is required. Cases would
not meet the criteria’s that make duration acceptable, leading to violation of Article 6(1)
ECHR.
Despite the reality that abduction cases take relatively long time to conclude, abduction
cases have in fact a priority in application under ECtHR. Abduction cases fall under urgent
application under the Courts Priority Policy Rule 41 of the Court. This means that cases of
“particular risk to life or health of the applicant, other circumstances linked to the
personal or family situation of the applicant, particularly where the well-being of a child is
at issue, [or the] application of Rule 39 of the Rules of Court”271, meaning that they are of
urgent application. However, as can be concluded from all the various cases that the
ECtHR has taken on, this policy of urgency is not sufficient enough as there are large
quantity of cases that endure from duration even though all cases should receive the same
priority when processed.272
To comply with six-week timeframe it would be necessary to adopt special procedures to
reduce prolonged proceedings and perform a sufficient examination accordingly to the
ECtHR. The ‘effective’ examination, as referred to in X v. Latvia, could enable a
comprehensive - yet limited examination of circumstances, as long as it does not cross the
line to investigating the underlying custody merits and so that the duration can be kept to
the minimum. To achieve this comprehensiveness, States of abduction must not treat the
examination as a ‘in-dept’ one, it is not required to achieve the full effectiveness in a
270

Hoholm v. Slovakia, (no. 35632/13), ECHR 2015. para 47.
Heri and Keller. p 294.
272
Ibid. p 294.
271

63

process that is to be prompt.273 Additionally, a comprehensive yet limited examination
could be possible if the national courts would strictly follow a timetable. If properly
executed and correctly interpreted, an effective examination of arguable risks could be
executed so that the Hague Convention and the ECHR are in harmony. The delays would
necessarily be less excessive, and rights would be protected as well. According to
Beaumont et al, for States to be able to execute a consistent effective examination within
the limited time that is provided by the Hague Convention and to avoid delays, a light
touch review is needed.274 The obligation to carry out an effective examination does not
mean that the welfare of the child must be investigated, as that is to be carried out in the
State of habitual residence. If the time schedule for return is to be achieved, the effective
examination must first test the defence to not return the child, then make a judgement in
the light of these findings. However, for the judgment to be efficient in terms of present
case, in cannot be stereotyped or automatic. As allegations of Article 13(1)(b) grave risk of
harm under the Hague Convention are presented States of abduction tend to start by
considering the status of protective measures in the State of habitual residence when it
would be better to first consider whether there is something behind the allegations
presented. First after the examination of the allegation, should the consideration of the
protective measures in the State of habitual residence take place, if exception is
established.275 This because the requirement to give a suﬃciently reasoned decision will
allow the ECtHR to review any applications related to the Hague Convention quickly.
Ideally where the judgments of the national court in the State of abduction are obvious and
adequately reasoned, applications could be directly proclaimed as inadmissible. Thereby
solving the problem of delay before the ECtHR in most applications. The ECtHR should
only take a complaint by parents under investigation where it is clear that the judgements
in the State of abduction have failed to give adequate reasons for why the exceptions were
applied.
Prompt return supports the wellbeing of the child, who is first traumatized by the removal
from the familiar environment and family, where after the child spends time in the State of
abduction due to delayed proceedings. If proceeding last too long the abducted child might
273
274
275

Beaumont et al. p 45.
Ibid. p 45.
Momoh. p 650.

64

reach the age of maturity, lose his or her emotional ties to the left behind parent or get
settled into the State of abduction to the extent that a return constitutes a disproportionate
hardship. If the child then after this long time period is returned to the habitual residence
this will once again affect the child negatively as children easily adapt to new situation and
once again will be removed to an environment that might have become unfamiliar after so
many ears of being away.

4. CONCLUSION AND DISSCUSSION
The direction that the ECtHR took in cases like Neulinger and X v. Latvia can be regarded
as ambiguous and, in many ways, contradicting and unacceptable. However, they
demonstrated the issues that have become relevant in the recent times, where removals are
carried out by primary caretakers with strong connections to the State of abduction and
where a return necessarily might not be as simple due to alleged exceptions to return. In
these cases, it is also easier for States to drift from the aim of the Hague Convention, that is
prompt return and efficient return proceedings. Therefore, most challenging task that the
national courts are faced with, both in theory as well as in practice, is for them to ascertain
how to reach an appropriate balance between a strict interpretation of alleged exceptions
under the Hague Convention (in order to avoid rewarding the abducting parents for their
wrongdoing), while still giving the exceptions a sufficient assessment to make sure that the
child is not returned to an environment that could entail risk for them. National authorities
are expected to reach a return decision within a short time frame whilst at the same time
make a genuine evaluation where an alleged claim of an exception to return under the
Hague Convention has been introduced. This is in order to avoid violating rights under
Article 8 ECHR. Child abduction proceedings and enforcement of return orders have
proven to be different among States, and this has not been eased by the confusing
judgement given by the ECtHR like the ones discussed in this thesis, which all more or less
suffered from prolonged proceedings due to different reasons. As a result, there have been
suggestions about various alternative solutions that could be implemented and taken as part
of the procedures to lessen the complications and problems highlighted concerning
enforcement of return orders.

65

One of these essential proposals has been an additional protocol that would function as a
complementary instrument to the Hague Convention. A protocol could clarify some of the
uncertainties concerning specific rules and obligations that the Hague Convention entails,
referring to Contracting States at different stages of abduction proceedings. If introduced, a
protocol could in addition to possibly reducing the amount of cases that suffer from
prolonged procedures due to lack of enforcement, also strengthen the rights of abducted
children and left behind parents as well as offer them adequate protection. 276 If appropriate
rules are created, then this should greatly reduce the number of cases, where it is no longer
suitable to return the child due to the passage of time.277 The main feature of the protocol
would entailed rules which would add to the speed and effectiveness of enforcement
proceedings. This could also naturally strengthen the applications of the Hague Convention
in all Contracting States. Hague Convention already has various Practice Guides278 on
different aspects. Unfortunately, these guidelines have no legal weight as they impose no
obligations on States, only recommendations and suggestions on how to apply the Hague
Convention. Therefore, a protocol to determine legal obligations to enforcement would be
a step in the right direction for protecting rights of those involved which has become
apparent through ECtHR case law.
One of the main purposes would be to ensure that both the abducted child and the abductor
could enjoy a safe return to the habitual residence. This is favourable as then the child and
the abducting parents will not be separated as this would in most cases not be in the best
interest of the child. Currently, when a child is returned, the State of abduction has no legal
effect and cannot be sure that protection is ensured in the State of habitual residence. An
additional protocol could give return orders legal weight which would also entail better
protection for the rights of the child as well as their best interests. In addition to protecting
the child’s rights after the return the protocol would also entail rights for the abducting
parent. By enabling return of both the child and the abductive parent, the child will have
access to both parents which is ultimately in most cases in the best interest of the child. Of
course, there is no guarantee that the abducting parent wants or is willing to return.
However, if willing then the abducting parent could do so without the fear of being
276

Walker. 2010 p 682.
such as in Ignaccolo Zenide v Romania (App No 31679/96) 2000, Maire v Portugal (App No 48206/99)
ECHR
278
HCCH, Guides to Good Practice.
277

66

prosecuted or deported, which in some cases has been the risk and why the parents refuse
to return the child due to them being unable to return with them.279 Therefore, if protective
measures could be assured for the abductor in in terms of withdrawal of possible
persecution once returned, this would ensure that both parents have a chance to attend
custody proceedings in the State of habitual residence and this protects both parent’s right
to family life.280
An additional protocol could strengthen the Hague Convention and settle some of the
severe uncertainties of quite serious character, that give root to flagrant enforcement
problems resulting in violations of various human rights, there are still States that reject the
thought of an additional protocol, deeming it unnecessary. The opposing parties have
mainly argued that there is nothing unclear in the application of the Hague Convention but
only a lack of compliance that could be tackled with better interpretation of the already
existing rules and provisions set out by the Hague Conventions as well as the Guides to
Good Practice. 281 This is true as introduction and ratification of a new legal framework of
international character would take a long time and be rather difficult on an international
level. The best solution would be to strive for a coherent interpretation of the already
existing instruments on international child abductor discussed in this thesis. The State
parties are increasing so it is more important than ever to keep a unified front in order to
lessen the outcome of child abduction and to protect the different interest involved, those
of the child’s and the parents.
The soft law methods available in abduction proceedings, namely the Guides to Good
Practice cover a wide range of aspects that are of great guidance on how States should
apply and proceed in different situations and arenas of child abduction. 282 Contracting
States should be encouraged to make any legislative changes required to introduce
administrative and procedural arrangements that will improve the practical operation of the
Convention.283

279

Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07), 2010 but in X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853)/ for
example.
280
Walker. 2010. 682.
281
Schuz. 2015. p 40.
282
Ibid. 2015. p 41.
283
Ibid. 2015. p 40.

67

ECtHR has set some important requirements that national courts must fulfil in child
abduction proceedings. The ECtHR upheld a reasoning in Neulinger that the States of
abduction were to examine in-depth the circumstances and make decisions with the best
interest of the individual child as the primary consideration. This judgement was reassessed in X. v Latvia as the ECtHR held that national authorities in the State of abduction
should not examine the merits of the underlying custody issues in return cases under Hague
Convention, but instead give allegations that could constitute an exception to return a
genuine consideration. This effective examination should keep the child’s best interests as
a guiding principle, not as the only principle. These requirements by the ECtHR give both
give authority to and complement the Hague Convention. This double reference enables
the ECtHR to ensure protection for human rights in return cases, and not only repeat and
apply the regulations of the Hague Convention. This means that when deciding a child
abduction case, national courts must respect both the effectivity of the return objective of
the Hague Convention and the need to protect each individual child. This gives national
courts a broader and more nuanced perspective on abduction cases than what it did before
Neulinger and X v. Lativa. Before these cases, the ECtHR only referred to the Hague
Convention instead of a conjunction with the UNCRC. Given the problems with delay
before the ECtHR, the new approach given in X v. Latvia could be an ideal method for
solving these issues in abduction proceedings, if interpreted correctly. This because the
requirement to give a suﬃciently reasoned opinion will allow the ECtHR to review any
applications related to the Hague Convention in a preferable schedule. Ideally where the
judgment of the national court is clearly and adequately reasoned, any application could be
directly declared inadmissible, thus solving the problem of delay before the ECtHR in most
applications. In addition, the Brussels II Regulation, in the region of EU, works as a great
complementary framework to the Hague Convention as it has realised the procedural
problems that the Hague Convention has and as children are to be returned even though
exceptions are established, if the State of habitual residence has the measures to protect the
child. The State of habitual residence may, as another way to the restore the control to the
State of habitual residence, also trump the non-return decision which the State of abduction
shall adhere and enforce.
It might be correct to assert that the best way to protect the rights of the child is to allow a
narrow consideration of such allegations and deny return only when it has been established

68

that the child will be exposed to a grave risk upon return, or when the legal system in the
child's place of residence is clearly incapable of protecting the child upon return. However,
as discussed, this could be difficult as evidence can be limited, and States might have an
underlying tendency to rely on comity in return proceedings and assume that the State of
habitual residence can protect the child once returned. Even though this would be the case,
it could also be considered inappropriate to solely rely on comity as an excuse to avoid
investigating the allegations of whether the State of abduction could adequately protect the
returning child. Where domestic violence is alleged it is important to support efficient
interpretation of the exception of grave risk of harm and not exercise discretion that is
more favorable to order a return, but efficiently examine the excessiveness of the possible
risk and if established evaluate the need for protection in the State of habitual residence.284
Therefore, the ‘effective examination’ introduced by ECtHR in X v. Latvia could be
regarded as good option, if properly executed. However, the effective examination
introduced here is restricted to States of abduction under the ECtHR jurisdiction. If this
approach could be introduced on a wider scale, it could possibly lessen the disparities of
proceedings among States.

284

Schuz, 2015. p. 88.

69

Bibliography

Monographs and articles
Atkinson, Jeff. 2011. The Meaning of "Habitual Residence" Under the Hague Convention
on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction and the Hague Convention on the
Protection of Children. Oklahoma Law Review. Volume 63/ Number 4. 2011.
Beaumont Paul & McEleavy Peter. The Hague convention on international child
abduction. Oxford: Oxford University Press. 1999
Beaumont, Paul., Trimmings, Katarina., Walker Lara., Holliday, Jayne. CHILD
ABDUCTION: RECENT JURISPRUDENCE OF THE EUROPEAN COURT OF
HUMAN RIGHTS. International and Comparative Law Quarterly vol 64, January 2015. pp
39–63.
Browne. Noah L. RELEVANCE AND FAIRNESS: PROTECTING THE RIGHTS OF
DOMESTIC-VIOLENCE VICTIMS AND LEFT-BEHIND FATHERS UNDER THE
HAGUE CONVENTION ON INTERNATIONAL CHILD ABDUCTION. Vol. 60, No. 5
(February 2011), pp. 1193-1238. Duke University School of Law
Eekelaar John. The Role of the Best Interests Principle in Decisions Affecting Children
and Decisions about Children. INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF CHILDREN'S
RIGHTS 23 (2015) pp 3-26.
McEleavy, Peter. 2015. The European Court of Human Rights and the Hague Child
Abduction Convention: Prioritising Return or Reﬂection? 5 November 2015
Momoh Onyoja, 2019. The interpretation and application of Article 13(1) b) of the Hague
Child Abduction Convention in cases involving domestic violence: Revisiting X v Latvia
and the principle of “effective examination”, Journal of Private International Law, 15:3,
626-657
Keller, H. & Heri, C. 2015. Protecting the Best Interests of the Child: International Child
Abduction and the European Court of Human Rights. Nordic Journal of International Law,
84(2) 2015, pp. 270–296.
Kilpatrick Townsend. 2012. Litigating International Child Abduction Cases Under the
Hague Convention. National Center for Missing & Exploited Children.
Kvisberg Torunn E. Child Abduction Cases in the European Court of Human Rights –
Changing Views on the Child’s Best Interests. Oslo Law Review 02 / 2019 (Volum 6)

Loo, Hanna. 2016. In the Child’s Best Interests: Examining International Child Abduction,
Adoption, and Asylum. Chicago Journal of International Law. Volume 17.2. 2016
Schuz Rhona. The Doctrine of Comity in the Age of Globalization: Between International
Child Abduction and Cross-Border Insolvency. Brooklyn Journal of International Law,
Vol. 40, No. 1, 2015. Pages 33-108.
Schuz, Rhona. 2014. Disparity and the Quest for Uniformity in Implementing the Hague
Abduction Convention. Journal of Comparative Law. Vol. 9, pp. 3-48
Schuz, Rhona. 2013. The Hague Child Abduction Convention - A Critical Analysis. 2013.
Bloomsburg.
Silberman, Linda. 2005. Interpreting the Hague Abduction Convention: In Search of a
Global Jurisprudence. INSTITUTE FOR INTERNATIONAL LAW AND JUSTICE NEW
YORK UNIVERSITY SCHOOL OF LAW. IILJ Working Paper 2005/5.
Sthoeger, Eran. 2011. International Child Abduction and Children's Rights: Two Means to
the Same End. Michigan Journal of International Law. Vol 32/3. 2011.
Walker, Lara. 2010. The Impact of the Hague Abduction Convention on the Rights of the
Family in the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights Committee: The danger of
Neulinger. Journal of Private International Law. Vol. 6 No. 3, December 2010.
Walker, Lara & Beaumont, Paul. 2011. Shifting the Balance Achieved by the Abduction
Convention: The Contrasting Approaches of the European Court of Human Rights and the
European Court of Justice, Journal of Private International Law, 7:2, 231-249

Treaties and Statutes
2003 - Brussels IIa Regulation. Council Regulation (EC) No 2201/2003 concerning
jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in matrimonial matters and
the matters of parental responsibility, repealing Regulation (EC) No 1347/2000. 2003
1989 Convention on the Rights of the Child, adopted 1989, entry into force in 1990.
1980 - Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, signed
1980 entered into force in 1983
1950 - European Convention on Human Rights, signed in 1950, entry into force in 1953.

General Comments and Guidelines
Committee on the Rights of the Child, General Comment No. 14 (2013) on the right of the
child to have his or her best interests taken as a primary consideration, CRC/C/GC/14
Committee on the Rights of the Child, General comment No. 12 (2009): The right of the
child to be heard, 20 July 2009, CRC/C/GC/12
Guide to Good Practice Child Abduction Convention: Part VI - Article 13(1)(b). Available
https://www.hcch.net/en/publications-and-studies/details4/?pid=6740

Perez-Vera, Elisa. "Explanatory Report on the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of
International Child Abduction, 1980", Acts and Documents of the XIVth Session of the
Hague Conference on Private International Law, Vol III, 1982
Practice Guide for the application of the Brussels IIa Regulation. European Commission.
2014.
Guide on Article 6 of the European Convention on Human Rights. Right to a fair trial.
Council of Europe/European Court of Human Rights. 2020. Updated on 30 April 2020
The right to trial within reasonable time under Article 6 ECHR. A practical handbook
prepared by Ivana Roagna. 2018. Council of Europe October 2018

ECtHR Case law
M.K. v Greece (no. 51312/16) 1.2.2018
Phostira Efthymiou et Ribeiro Fernandes v. Portugal, (no. 66775/11) 5.2.2015
Hoholm v. Slovakia, (no. 35632/13), 13.1.2015
Blaga v. Romania, (no. 54443/10) 1.7.2014
X v. Latvia [GC], (no. 27853/09), 26.11.2013
Karrer v. Romania, (no. 16965/10) 21.2.2012
Neulinger and Shuruk v. Switzerland [GC], (no. 41615/07) 6.7.2010.

Maumousseau and Washington v. France, (no. 39388/05), 15.11.2007
Sylvester v. Austria, (no. 36812/97) 24.4.2003
Maire v Portugal (no. 48206/99) 26.6. 2003
Ignaccolo Zenide v Romania (no 31679/96) 25.1.2000

ECJ case law
C-491/10 PPU Joseba Andoni Aguirre Zarraga v Simone Pelz. 22.12.2010

Other Sources
Concurrences. The principle of national procedural autonomy was introduced by the
European Court of Justice in its Rewe case in 1976.
https://www.concurrences.com/en/glossary/procedural-autonomy. (Last visited 9.6.2020)
ECHR Blog. X v Latvia Child Abduction Grand Chamber Judgment, 17 December 2013.
https://echrblog.blogspot.com/2013/12/x-v-latvia-child-abduction-grand.html (Last visited
11.6.2020)
European Convention on Human Rights. A Convention to protect your rights and liberties.
Council of Europe. Available: https://www.coe.int/en/web/human-rights-convention. (Last
visited 11.6.2020)
European Court of Human Rights. International Justice Resource Center.
https://ijrcenter.org/european-court-of-human-rights/ (Last visited 11.6.2020)
European Court of Human Rights. Factsheet – International child abductions. 2020.
Available: https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf (Last
visited 11.6.2020)
Factsheet - International child abductions. January 2020. European Court of Human
Rights. Press Unit. Available:
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Child_abductions_ENG.pdf (Last visited
11.6.2020)
Freedman, 2014. Rights of Custody: State Law or Hague Law? Available:
http://www.edfreedman.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Journal-of-Contemporary-LawHague-Abduction-Convention.pdf (Last visited 11.6.2020)

Guides to Good Practice. Available: https://www.hcch.net/en/publications-andstudies/publications2/guides-to-good-practice (Last visited 12.6.2020)
HCCH Guides to Good Practice. Available: https://www.hcch.net/en/publications-andstudies/publications2/guides-to-good-practice (Last visited 11.6.2020)
HCCH. Status Table. Available: https://www.hcch.net/en/instruments/conventions/statustable/?cid=24 (Last visited 11.6.2020)
Lhoest, B. The Hague Abduction Convention: Nice in Theory, Difficult in Implementation.
Published February 15, 2018. Available https://www.peacepalacelibrary.nl/2018/02/thehague-abduction-convention-nice-in-theory-difficult-in-implementation/ (Last visited
10.6.2020)
Merriam-Webster. Dictionary. Available: https://www.merriamwebster.com/dictionary/status%20quo%20ante (Last visited 11.6.2020)
Rules of Court.1 January 2020. Council of Europe. European Court of Human Rights.
Available: https://www.echr.coe.int/Pages/home.aspx?p=basictexts/rules. (Last visited
2.6.2020)
Strasbourg Observers. 2018. M.K. v. Greece – Implementing children’s rights in legal
proceedings following an international parental abduction. Available:
https://strasbourgobservers.com/2018/03/22/m-k-v-greece-implementing-childrens-rightsin-legal-proceedings-following-an-international-parental-abduction/ (Last visited
11.6.2020)

