MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS
________________________________________________________________________

Aidana Shyngysbayeva

THE

PROTECTION

OF

VICTIMS

OF

ORGAN

TRAFFICKING

UNDER

INTERNATIONAL LAW

Master’s Thesis in Public International
Law
Master’s Programme in International
Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi
2020

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights
Law
Author: Aidana Shyngysbayeva
Title of the Thesis: The protection of victims of organ trafficking under international law
Supevisor: Catarina Krause
Medical advances in the field of organ transplantation are one of the greatest achievements of
mankind. The possibility of transplanting organs, tissues and cells enabled to save and prolong
the lives of many people. Unfortunately, the high demand in human organs significantly
outweighed the supply of organs. This has led to the emergence of illegal loopholes where
organs can be obtained through illicit means. Often underprivileged and vulnerable people
become the main target of traffickers and are exploited for the purpose of organ removal.
Taking into account human suffering as a result of illicit organ removal, this thesis examines
the protection available to the victims of organ trafficking under international law.
When it comes to the illicit organ removal, two distinct phenomena can be identified:
trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal and trafficking in human organs.
While the object of trafficking of the former phenomenon is a person, the latter trafficking
occurs in relation to organs. Consequently, the aim of the thesis is to provide comparative
analysis of the protection afforded to both types of organ trafficking. By doing so, it examines
the specialized organ trafficking frameworks, namely the Palermo Protocol and the Council of
Europe Convention against trafficking in human organs. By placing the victim protection at the
heart of the present thesis, human rights violations which arise from both types of organ
trafficking are examined. Therefore, in order to provide a thorough and comprehensive legal
research in the protection of victims, the thesis also considers other legal international human
rights law frameworks that can be related to the rights of victims who are trafficked for the
purpose of organ removal as well as victims whose organs are trafficked.
The main finding of the thesis is that despite the distinct nature of both types of organ
trafficking, the legal frameworks can be used interchangeably in cases where a living donor is
engaged in the process of trafficking. Moreover, in cases where specialised tools addressing
organ trafficking provide insufficient protection for victims, it is possible to find protection
under the existing international human rights instruments. However, it is also revealed that the
failure to identify victims of trafficking as such is a common practice that may deprive them of
their entitled human rights protection. That is why, in order to effectively protect victims, States
must move towards the application of the non-punishment principle which uniformly helps
vulnerable victims find redress for their violated rights as well as encourages them to report
illicit activities to law enforcement authorities.
Key words: organ traffciking, trafficking in persosn for the purpose of organ removal,
trafficking in human organs
Date: 02.07.2020
Number of pages: 71
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and annexes:
28117
The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

Table of Contents
1

INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................................. 3
1.1 Background ....................................................................................................................... 3
1.2 Aim, Research Problem and Limitations ............................................................................ 5
1.3 Methodology, Sources and Structure .................................................................................. 7

2
TRAFFCIKING IN HUMAN BEINGS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ORGAN
REMOVAL ................................................................................................................................ 9
2.1 Key Issues Regarding the Trafficking in Human Beings for the Purpose of Organ Removal
................................................................................................................................................ 9
2.2 Trafficking in Human Beings for the Purpose of Organ Removal within the Definition of
“Human Trafficking” ............................................................................................................. 13
2.2.1 Definition of Human Trafficking under the Palermo Protocol .................................... 13
2.2.2 The Acts Attributable to the Trafficking in Persons for the Purpose of Organ Removal
.......................................................................................................................................... 15
2.2.3 The Means and Issue of Consent ............................................................................... 17
2.2.4 Exploitation .............................................................................................................. 19
2.3 The Protection Afforded to Victims of Trafficking in Persons for the Purpose of Organ
Removal under the Palermo Protocol ..................................................................................... 21
3

TRAFFICKING IN HUMAN ORGANS ........................................................................ 27
3.1 Key Issues Regarding the Trafficking in Human Organs ............................................ 27
3.1.1 Definition of Trafficking in Human Organs under the CoE Convention ..................... 27
3.1.2 Illicit Removal of Human Organs .............................................................................. 30
3.1.3 Illicit Solicitation and Recruitment, Offering and Requesting of Undue Advantages.. 32
3.1.4 The Use, Preparation, Preservation, Storage, Transportation, Transfer, Receipt, Import
and Export of Illicitly Removed Human Organs ................................................................. 34
3.1.5 Aiding or Abetting and Attempt ................................................................................ 35
3.2 Forms of Trafficking in Human Organs ........................................................................... 36
3.3. The Protection Afforded to Victims of Trafficking in Human Organs under the CoE
Convention ............................................................................................................................ 39

4
COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS BETWEEN THE FRAMEWORKS OF
TRAFFICKING IN HUMAN BEINGS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ORGAN REMOVAL
AND TRAFFICKING IN HUMAN ORGANS....................................................................... 42
4.1 Overlaps between the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention .................................... 42
4.2 Special Features of the Protection Provided by the Palermo Protocol and the CoE
Convention ............................................................................................................................ 45
1

4.2.1 Application of the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention in Cases of Organ
Trafficking ......................................................................................................................... 45
4.2.2 Important Issues Regarding the Identification of Victims .......................................... 47
4.2.3 Weak Protection of Human Rights and Focus on Criminalisation .............................. 50
5

ORGAN TRAFFICKING IN THE CONTEXT OF HUMAN RIGHTS ....................... 54
5.1 Human Rights of Victims of Organ Trafficking ............................................................... 54
5.2 Human Rights Arising from Non-Identification of Victims .............................................. 61
5.2.1 Non-Punishment of Victims ...................................................................................... 61
5.2.2 Detention of Victims ................................................................................................. 65

6

CONCLUSION ................................................................................................................ 69
BIBLIOGRAPHY

2

1

INTRODUCTION

1.1 Background
Organ transplantation is one of the greatest medical achievements of all time. It saves
many lives in cases when there is no medical alternative of comparable effectiveness. 1 The
general meaning of transplantation is presented in the WHO Global Glossary of terms and
definitions on donation and transplantation, according to which "transplantation is the transfer
(engraftment) of human cells, tissues or organs from a donor to a recipient with the aim of
restoring function(s) in the body." 2 Fortunately, it is possible nowadays to successfully transplant
the heart, liver, kidneys, lungs, and pancreas and prolong the lives of patients. 3 These organs can
be taken from living or deceased persons. The living donation system is based on altruism, in
which a person decides to donate a kidney without any risk to his or her health. 4 In addition to the
altruistic gifting, there are now two ways of obtaining consent: explicit consent, where an organ
is taken only if a deceased explicitly consented to it prior to his death (opting-in) or presumed
consent, where a person is considered a donor unless he or she expresses a refusal to donate an
organ (opting-out).5 All these systems have been developed to increase the legal supply of donor
organs. Nevertheless, there remains a chronic organ shortage across the globe.
According to the World Health Organization (hereinafter – “the WHO”), ten percent of
the organs used in transplantation are obtained by illicit means in the world. 6 Despite the obvious
success of medicine in the field of transplantation, deficiency of organs exists in all countries.
Therefore, there is little doubt that the organ shortage leads to the emergence of an illegal market
for organ trafficking both with the voluntary consent of organ donors and as a result of criminal

1

World Health Organisation. Human Organ and Tissue Transplantation: Report by the Secretariat. EB112/5, 2 May
2003, at p. 1.
2
WHO Global Glossary of terms and definitions on donation and transplantation, Geneva, November 2009,
available at: https://www.who.int/transplantation/activities/GlobalGlossaryonDonationTransplantation.pdf?ua=1 (last
accessed 20 November 2019).
3
Guiberta, et al., Organ Preservation: Current Concepts and New Strategies for the Next Decade, Transfus Med
Hemother. 2011 April; 38(2): 125–142, at p. 126.
4
World Health Organisation, supra n.1, at p. 3.
5
Beloucif, Sadek, Opt-in or opt-out for organ transplantation, Ethics, Economics and Outcome: edited by Brian
Pollard, April 2012 - Volume 25 - Issue 2 – p. 199-203.
6
WHO Task Force on Donation and Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues, Position statement on the
proposal
for
a
global
kidney
exchange,
August
2018,
available
at:
https://www.who.int/transplantation/donation/GKE-statement.pdf (last accessed: 20 November 2019)

3

acts, including the forced removal of human organs, which is often associated with the trafficking
of donors.
Over the past couple of decades, organ trafficking has become an international problem
that entails serious violations of human rights and the participation of various actors, including
medical professionals. As mentioned above, the sole cause of the organ trafficking arises from
the shortage of organs. Consequently, the reason behind the increase in the number of crimes
related to organ trafficking is caused by the high demand for human organs for the purposes of
transplantation. It should also be noted that the available data on the number of illicit organ
transplantation are based only on reliable information obtained from official statistics, but they
may not include figures in countries where there is little transparency. Moreover, the secret
nature of organ trafficking complicates obtaining the precise number of cases worldwide. The
inaction of the states to suppress this inhuman activity can lead to the ignorance of the rights of
victims and facilitate the illegal harvesting of organs. 7 It is these circumstances that predetermine
the constant call of the main and functional human rights bodies of the UN system to Member
States "to counteract trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal and trafficking in
human organs”.8 Adequate awareness by the states of the real danger of this crime for the wellbeing of every person and their willingness to cooperate in countering this relatively new
challenge is what is needed to protect the victims.
The term “organ trafficking’ is defined by the WHO as:
[t]he recruitment, transport, transfer, harbouring or receipt of living or deceased
persons or their cells, tissues or organs, by means of the threat or use of force or
other forms of coercion, of abduction, of fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power
or of a position of vulnerability, or of the giving to, or the receiving by, a third party
of payments or benefits to achieve the transfer of control over the potential donor,
for the purpose of exploitation by the removal of cells, tissues and organs for
transplantation. 9

7

See: Torsten Trey, David Matas, State-organized Criminal Forced Organ Harvesting, Journal of Trafficking and
Human Exploitation, vol.1, No.2, pp. 175-186.
8
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly, 71/322, Strengthening and promoting effective measures and
international cooperation on organ donation and transplantation to prevent and combat trafficking in persons for the
purpose of organ removal and trafficking in human organs, 8 September 2017.
9
WHO, supra n. 2.

4

As it can be seen, the definition of organ trafficking given by the WHO includes
trafficking in human organs as well as trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ
removal. Both of these two phenomena differ from each other at the conceptual and normative
levels. 10
Trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal entails a situation where various
coercive and deceptive means are present to exploit a person in the context of the removal of
organs.11 While this phenomenon is considered as part of human trafficking and occurs in relation
to a person who is recruited, transported or transferred to the control of another person for the
purpose of organ removal, trafficking in human organs involves the commercialisation of organs,
unethical removal of organs, and transfer of organs independently from the donors.
The Declaration of Istanbul on organ trafficking and transplant tourism viewed these two
types of trafficking related to organ removal in a single definition, 12 but the recent enhancement
led to the consideration of two crimes as separate phenomena with separate definitions. It is
indeed necessary to differentiate between the trafficking in human beings for the purpose of
organ removal where the object of the crime is the person and trafficking in human organs where
the main object is the organ in order to effectively fight both phenomena and provide adequate
protection for the victims. 13
1.2 Aim, Research Problem and Limitations
Nowadays organ trafficking is considered to be a serious international problem which
requires a global concern. It is becoming a widespread and ubiquitous criminal phenomena which
is, in the first place, violates victims’ fundamental rights and their human dignity. However, it is
still the most unknown and least addressed forms of trafficking. 14 The identified problem is
multifaceted and requires a comprehensive international legal research. Thus, the underlying

Council of Europe, Committee of Ministers’ Rapporteur Group on legal cooperation (GR-J), Identifying the main
elements that could form part of a binding legal instrument against the trafficking in organs, tissues and cells (OTC)
– Additional opinion of the CDPC, the CDBI, and the CD-P-TO, GR-J(2011)8, 26 April 2011, at para. 8.
11
Ibid.
12
The declaration of Istanbul on organ trafficking and transplant tourism, Istanbul, Turkey, April 30 - May 2, 2008
13
Joint Coe/UN study, Trafficking in organs, tissues and cells and trafficking in human beings for the purpose of the
removal of organs, 2009.
14
OSCE, Office of the special representative and co-ordinator for combating trafficking in human beings, trafficking
in human beings for the purpose of organ removal in the OSCE region: Analysis and findings. Occasional Paper
Series No.6. July 2013.
10

5

purpose of this thesis is to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the protection of victims of of
both types of organ trafficking who find themselves in a desperate situation as a result of their
organs being illegally removed. In this regard, the central research problem is to find out how the
protection afforded to the victims of trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ
removal differs with regard to the trafficking in human organs under international law.
The thesis primarily focuses on the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking
in Persons Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention
against Transnational Organized Crime (hereinafter – “the Palermo Protocol”) and the Council of
Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs (hereinafter- “the CoE Convention”).15
Given the fact that organ trafficking entails serious human rights violations and that the
protection of victims is at the heart of the present work, in addition to the mentioned specialised
instruments on trafficking, relevant international human rights law instruments that are crucial to
protect victims’ rights will be considered. However, the thesis does not focus on the
interpretation of relevant rights, but instead highlights the rights that may be breached as a result
organ trafficking.
Throughout this paper, the term “victims” refers to organ donors who have been exploited
or at risk of being exploited for the purpose of organ trafficking. However, this in no way means
that the recipients cannot be victims of organ trafficking. Recipients can be fraudulently engaged
in the illegal act as well as suffer from health deterioration due to poor quality of the transplanted
organ or conducted surgery that may put them in a vulnerable position, but this is beyond the
scope of the present work.
Although one of the underlying causes of organ trafficking is poverty, the thesis will not
delve into the issues of unequally ensured socio-economic rights of victims that have pushed
them to commit a crime. Selling human organs violates human dignity and contributes to the
exploitation of the poor and disadvantaged in a community. 16 In this context, human dignity can
15

Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons Especially Women and Children, supplementing
the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 2237, p.
319; Doc. A/55/383, 15 November 2000. Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs,
CETS No.216, Santiago de Compostela, 25 March 2015.
16
M. Slabbert, H. Oosthuizen, Commercialization of human organs for transplantation: a view from South Africa,
2005, Med Law. 2005 Mar;24(1): 191-201, at p. 197.

6

be reflected upon the concept of individual autonomy and informed consent of donors, which
gives rise to the right to bodily integrity. However, the present work will not focus on
maintaining these principles which form the basis of medical law and ethics. Moreover, there are
many dissenting opinions that human dignity can be better protected by establishing a monetary
value to human organs, so that the individuals’ right to freedom and personal privacy is not
restricted.17 This question is worth a separate analysis and obviously falls outside the present
work.
Last but not least, the term ‘trafficking in organs’ may be confusing as some authors use it
to indicate both types of organ trafficking, 18 while others apply it to denote trafficking only with
respect to organs.19 In this paper the term ‘organ trafficking’ is used as an umbrella term to
encompass both trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal and trafficking in human
organs.
1.3 Methodology, Sources and Structure
The research question will be approached through the legal dogmatic method which
means that the protection of victims of organ trafficking will be examined by analysing the
relevant legal instruments with the help of legal sources. More specifically, the thesis aims to
systematise and analyse the content of existing norms on organ trafficking and to examine how
different norms relate to each other. Article 38 (1) of the Statue of the International Court of
Justice lists the following sources:
a) international conventions, whether general or particular, establishing rules
expressly recognised by the contesting states;
b) international custom, as evidence of a general practice accepted as law;
c) the general principles of law recognised by civilised nations;

17

M.J. Cherry, Kidney for sale by owner: human organs, transplantation, and the market, Georgetown University
Press, 2005, at p. 73 and 85. R.R. Kishore, 2003 “Human organs, scarcities, and sale: morality revisited” Journal of
Medical Ethics, Vol 31: 362-365. at p. 362 and 364. See also: C. Watson, The organized crime of organ trafficking,
2006, available at: https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/f6e0/93ee8763353717b9d7ef15028bebf4890232.pdf (last
accessed: 22.03.2020)
18
Council of Europe and the United Nations, Study on trafficking in organs, tissues and cells and trafficking in
human beings, 2009, p. 93.
19
The Parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia, Human Rights Sub-Committee, “Compassion, Not Commerce:
An Inquiry into Human Organ Trafficking and Organ Transplant Tourism”, November 2018, Canberra.

7

d) judicial decisions and the teachings of the most highly qualified publicists of the
various nations, as subsidiary means for the determination of rules of law. 20
The primary source of the thesis is the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention. These
two documents are chosen because each of them addresses the specific type of organ trafficking
at the international level. Although the CoE Convention is adopted within the regional
framework, it is possible for any states to become parties to the Convention upon the invitation of
the Council of Europe. Therefore, this instrument is considered the only binding instrument
against trafficking in human organs at the global level. The annotated guide to the complete UN
Trafficking Protocol and Explanatory report to the CoE Convention will be used in order to
interpret the content of the provisions related to the protection of victims in the abovementioned
legal instruments. Moreover, in order to shed light on the differences and similarities between the
two types of organ trafficking, the relevant international human rights treaties concerning
victims’ rights will be examined. Subsequently, the legal dogmatic method is combined with the
comparative method which will be used to identify the difference in the protection afforded to
victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal and trafficking in human
organs.
As subsidiary means of law, the teachings of highly qualified scholars will provide
valuable interpretative contribution to elucidate relevant norms on organ trafficking. In addition,
international non-binding legal instruments will be used throughout the thesis to ascertain the key
terms and concepts relating to the protection of victims of organ trafficking.
The thesis will be comprised of four core chapters, besides the introduction and
conclusion. In order to answer the central research question, the first two main chapters will be
devoted to each type of organ trafficking. In other words, while chapter two deals with trafficking
in persons for the purpose of organ removal in which a detailed analysis of the provisions of the
Palermo Protocol will be conducted, chapter three addresses trafficking in human organs in
which a systematic overview of the CoE Convention’s provisions related to the protection of
victims is provided. Consequently, chapters four and five contain a main analysis as they
compare the protection afforded to victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal and trafficking in human organs under the specialised trafficking instruments on organ
trafficking as well as general international human rights treaties. Finally, a conclusion will be
20

Statute of the International Court of Justice, Art. 38 (1).

8

drawn at the end of the thesis with an overall observation of the international legal instruments in
providing the protection to the victims of organ trafficking at the universal level.

2

TRAFFCIKING IN HUMAN BEINGS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ORGAN
REMOVAL

2.1 Key Issues Regarding the Trafficking in Human Beings for the Purpose of Organ
Removal
Human trafficking has become a widespread problem that affects all nation-states in all
parts of the world. Trafficking is a huge business that develops in a totally unequal world and in
conditions of clearly asymmetric power relationships. 21 Subsequently, inequality is manifested in
the number of people who come mainly from predominantly poor countries and have insufficient
resources to meet their basic needs. The lack of economic competitiveness pushes vulnerable
people into the hands of huge criminal organisations that forcibly or deceptively lure them for
various purposes of exploitation. The most well-known forms of exploitation are the sexual and
labour related purposes. However, the world has been silent for a long time about the other
terrifying form of exploitation where a person is trafficked for the purpose of organ removal. This
form of trafficking occurs when a person is exploited by traffickers to gain financial profit in the
organ market. Consequently, the market of supply and demand produces those who are desperate
to buy organs from traffickers who obtain the organs by exploiting poor and vulnerable people. 22
In addition, trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal is distinguished from
other types of exploitation in terms of actors involves, that is to say, it involves highly qualified
medical professionals who conduct the organ removal procedure.23
The Council of Europe recognised the need for a legal instrument prohibiting the illicit
organ transplantation well before the international community began to address it. As a result, the
Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine (also known as Oveido Convention) and its
21

Ana Isabel, Perez Cepeda, and Demelsa Benito Sanchez, Trafficking in Human Beings: A Comparative Study of
the International Legal Documents, Europa Law Publishing, Netherlands, 23 September 2014. p. 4.
22
The Vienna Forum to Fight Human Trafficking, Trafficking in Persons For The Purpose of Organ Removal,
Background Paper, 13-15 February 2008, p. 2.
23
Silke Meyer, Trafficking in human organs in Europe., European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law and Criminal
Justice, vol. 14 no. 2, (2006): 208-229, at p. 211.

9

Additional Protocol was adopted in 1997, in which key international legal recommendations
regarding the prohibition of organ trafficking can be found. 24 Besides the efforts of the Council of
Europe, none of the international legal instruments addressed human trafficking, including
trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal, at the international level, and the crime
remained in the shadow for a long time until the first decade of the 2000s. Indeed, the beginning
of that year was a dawning for a number of international legal measures against human
trafficking as well as organ trafficking. There have been initiatives from media, governments,
NGOs, academia to create effective instruments in order to eradicate the crime. 25 The first
binding instrument that came to life under the auspices of the UN is the Optional Protocol to the
UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, which explicitly prohibited trafficking in children for
the organ removal. 26 However, the world needed a global instrument that would have
encompassed the protection against trafficking not only for one category of people, but also a
separate legally binding instrument protecting men, women and children altogether. As Gallagher
noted, the reason it took so long to adopt a human trafficking instrument was due to the
disagreements regarding the end result of trafficking, its constitutive acts, and their relative
significance, as well as the correlation between human trafficking and similar illegal acts such as
prostitution and irregular migration. 27 Nevertheless, States were able to unify the complex
phenomenon of human trafficking in a single instrument - the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and
Punish Trafficking in Persons, especially Women and Children, also known as the Palermo
Protocol, which supplemented the UN Convention against Transnational Organized Crime. 28 The
Protocol has become one of the most important documents in international law by introducing a
definition of ‘human trafficking’ and the criminalisation of all kinds of human exploitation.

24

Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Dignity of the Human Being with regard to the Application of
Biology and Medicine: Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, ETS No.164 (Oviedo, 4 April 1997), Article
5 states that “Any intervention in the health sector can only be carried out after the voluntary and conscious consent
of the person concerned.” and Article 21: “The human body and its parts should not be a source of financial gain.”
Additional Protocol to the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine, concerning Biomedical Research,
(Strasbourg, 25.I.2005), Article 22 states: “Organ and tissue trafficking shall be prohibited”.
25
Alireza Bagheri, Child organ trafficking: global reality and inadequate international response, Med Health Care
and Philos (2016) 19: 239–246, at p. 242.
26
Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children,
child
prostitution
and
child
pornography,
A/RES/54/263
of
25
May
2000
entered into force on 18 January 2002.
27
A.T. Gallagher, ‘Two Cheers for the Trafficking Protocol’, Anti-Trafficking Review, issue 4, 2015, pp. 14—32,
available at: www.antitraffickingreview.org (last visited: 15 April 2020).
28
Palermo Protocol, supra n. 15.

10

Trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal was included in the definition as
a form of exploitation together with sexual and labour related purposes and began to attract
international attention.29 Nowadays this phenomenon is widely known and receiving much
international response. Since the adoption of Palermo Protocol, many international binding and
non-binding instruments have been adopted dealing with the issue of organ trafficking. 30 Yet, at
the time of writing the thesis, the Palermo Protocol remains the only human trafficking
instrument at the global level covering 176 State Parties. The aim of the Protocol is to prevent
human trafficking, protect the victims and promote cooperation among states. 31 Therefore, it
serves as a tool designed for criminalisation and suppression of human trafficking; facilitating
cross border cooperation between governments; guaranteeing the adoption of that the States
respond to human trafficking offences with satisfactory laws. Although the Protocol focuses on
human trafficking in general, it covers trafficking for the purpose of organ removal within its
scope.
From a further analysis in the following chapters, it can be seen that the law enforcement
provisions are composed in a more stringent language than the provisions related to victims’
protection.32 The stringency of the provisions of the Protocol depends on the element of control
in the implementation of the Palermo Protocol. 33 If the provisions regarding the protection of
victims required a mandatory obligation on the parts of States, then there would be a less chance
of receiving a large amount of ratifications. 34 Thus, a political compromise was reached to
determine which specific provisions would require certain measures from the State Parties and
which would simply stimulate them to undertake initiatives. 35 Nevertheless, the inclusion of the
obligation to protect and assist victims makes all countries enact national laws and policies to

29

Emily Kelly, "International Organ Trafficking Crisis: Solutions Addressing the Heart of the Matter," Boston
College International and Comparative Law Review 36, no. Symposium Issue (2013): 1317-1350, at p. 1336.
30
See, for example: Council of Europe Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings (2008), The
WHO Guiding Principles on Human Cell, Tissue and Organ Transplantation (2010); WHO Global Glossary of
Terms and Definitions on Donation and Transplantation (2009).
31
Palermo Protocol, Art.2.
32
The Palermo Protocol was primarily adopted to combat the organized crime of human trafficking and therefore the
provisions on human rights protections are weaker than law enforcement provisions. See: Kristina Touzenis, United
Nations Educ., Scientific and Cultural Org., Trafficking in Human Beings: Human Rights and Trans-national
Criminal Law, Developments in Law and Practices 67 (2010).
33
Laura L. Shoaps, Room for Improvement: Palermo Protocol and the Trafficking Victims Protection Act, 17 Lewis
& Clark L. Rev. 931 (2013), p. 947.
34
Ibid.
35
Ibid.

11

ensure that victims are protected in accordance with international human rights norms, regardless
of whether the provisions of the Protocol are weak.
It should be noted that the Protocol is read in conjunction with its parent Convention and
these two instruments have to be interpreted together. 36 This means that the provisions of the UN
Convention against Transnational Organised Crime apply mutatis mutandis to the Protocol unless
otherwise provided. 37 Offences established by the Protocol are subject to the same oversight
mechanisms as in the parent Convention. 38 Article 4 of the Palermo Protocol states that it applies
to the offences that are transnational in nature and which involve an organised criminal group.39
However, the national laws of each State should encompass all domestic and cross-border
trafficking, and regardless of the nature of the trafficking, the punishments for the traffickers and
the protection for the victims should be identical. 40 According to the Convention, national laws
should recognise offences of belonging to an organised criminal group (except if an element of
involvement of an organised criminal group is required), money laundering, corruption and
obstruction of justice as such despite the transnational nature or the involvement of an organised
criminal group.41 Based on this, it can be concluded that the offences related to trafficking in
persons under the Palermo Protocol contain the same provisions which ensure all traffickers are
prosecuted under national laws. 42 Therefore, the incorporation of trafficking definition should be
irrespective of its domestic or transnational nature and the involvement of an organised group.43
Subsequently, trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal can occur not only across
borders, but also within the country.

36

United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, Art.37.4 and Palermo Protocol Art.1.
Palermo Protocol Art.1(2), See also: A. Gallagher ‘Using International Human Rights Law to Better Protect
Victims of Human Trafficking’, p. 73.
38
Katrina Taylor, Protections for Child Victims of Human Trafficking in International Law, Åbo: Åbo Akademi
2014, p. 36.
39
Palermo Art 4. According to Art 3(2) of the Convention ‘An offence is considered as transnational, if it is
committed: in more than one State; only in one State but a substantial part of its preparation, planning, direction or
control take place in another State; only in one State but involves an organised criminal group that engages in
criminal activities in more than one State; or in one State but has substantial effects in another State.’.
40
A.D. Jordan, “The Annotated Guide to the Complete UN Trafficking Protocol” (Report), 2002, p. 13.
41
Convention Art 34.2; See also: Marjan Wijers, Analysis of the Definition of Trafficking in Human Beings in the
Palermo Protocol (2005), at p. 19, available at: http://lastradainternational.org/doc-center/1354/analysis-of-thedefinition-of-trafficking-in-human-beings-in-the-palermo-protocol (last accessed: 15 February 2020).
42
Marjan Wijers, supra n.41, at p. 19,
43
Jordan, supra n. 40, p. 13; International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD), Draft Manual for
judges and prosecutors, 2003, p. 77.
37

12

Taking into account the fact that the Protocol has received a large number of ratifications
and its definition has been taken for the basis of other regional documents, the following
paragraphs of this chapter will analyse the Palermo Protocol in order to examine the protection
afforded to the victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal.
2.2 Trafficking in Human Beings for the Purpose of Organ Removal within the
Definition of “Human Trafficking”
2.2.1 Definition of Human Trafficking under the Palermo Protocol
The Palermo Protocol was the first binding instrument explicitly criminalising this
phenomenon by including trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal to its
definition along with the sexual and labour related purposes of exploitation. The definition given
by the Palermo Protocol is worldwide recognised and read as follows:
“Trafficking in persons shall mean the recruitment, transportation, transfer,
harbouring or receipt of persons, by means of the threat or use of force or other
forms of coercion, of abduction, of fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power or of a
position of vulnerability or of the giving or receiving of payments or benefits to
achieve the consent of a person having control over another person, for the purpose
of exploitation. Exploitation shall include, at a minimum, the exploitation or the
prostitution of others or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or
services, slavery or practices similar to slavery, servitude or the removal of
organs.”44
The above definition given in Article 3 of the Palermo Protocol is comprised of three
interconnected elements necessary to establish the offence of human trafficking: the elements of
act, mean and exploitation. In order for a breach of the Protocol’s provisions to occur, it is
necessary that the actions (recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt) are carried
out using one or more means (coercion, abduction, fraud, deception, abuse of power or of a
position of vulnerability) and aimed at achieving exploitation (sexual exploitation, forced labour
or services, slavery and the removal of organs). In the absence of at least one of these three
components, the conditions for qualifying an offence are insufficient.

44

Palermo Protocol, Art. 3(a).

13

In case of trafficking in children, the Protocol sets out a special protection by requiring
only the acts and purpose of the offence. 45 The establishment of a trafficking in children does not
require the presence of coercive, deceptive or any other form of illicit means. Different approach
to children is explained in the UN Trafficking Principles and Guidelines:
The particular physical, psychological and psychosocial harm suffered by trafficked
children and their increased vulnerability to exploitation require that they be dealt
with separately from adult trafficked persons in terms of laws, policies, programmes
and interventions. The best interests of the child must be a primary consideration in
all actions concerning trafficked children, whether undertaken by public or private
social welfare institutions, courts of law, administrative authorities or legislative
bodies. Child victims of trafficking should be provided with appropriate assistance
and protection and full account should be taken of their special rights and needs. 46
International community widely recognised the definition of human trafficking, but the
elements are not still well understood which in turn hinders effective implementation and
application of the Protocol. Although the definition sounds sufficiently clear, in practice it has
been problematic to apply the definition. 47 Despite the fact that the Palermo Protocol covers a
range of trafficking in persons offences, many countries need a precise definition in order to
implement human trafficking provisions in their domestic legislations. 48 In this context, it is
worth noting the principle of legality which derives from international customary law and has
become the core of international criminal law. The principle is best described by the elements of
certainty, foreseeability, accessibility and specificity of legal provisions. 49 According to this
principle, each of the elements must be sufficiently clear so that there will be no confusion about
what constitutes a prohibited act. The relevance of this principle to the definition given in Article
3 of the Palermo Protocol is that there are too many descriptive and potentially confusing
elements that must be proved by prosecutors, making an offence difficult to prosecute.50 Vague
elements can be an obstacle for countries to effectively combat the organ trafficking. 51 That is
45

Palermo Protocol, Art. 3(c).
UN, Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights Commentary, Recommended Principles on Human
Rights and Human Trafficking, New York and Geneva, 2010, at Guideline 8.
47
European Commission and Directorate-General Justice, Freedom and Security, Report of the Experts Group on
Traffciking in Human Beings, Brussels, 22 December 2004, at p. 47.
48
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, Global Report on Trafficking in Persons 2012, (United Nations
publication, Sales No. E.13.IV.1), at p.16, See also: Laura L. Shoaps, supra n. 33, at p.950.
49
M. Shahabuddeen, Does the Principle of Legality Stand in the Way of Progressive Development of Law?, Journal
of International Criminal Justice 2, 2004, pp. 1007-1017, at p. 1008.
50
Laura L. Shoaps, supra n.33, at p. 950.
51
The Annotated Guide to the Complete UN Trafficking Protocol, supra n. 40, at p. 7.
46

14

why, each of the elements in the definition of the Protocol will be analysed in relation to the
organ removal in the following paragraphs.
2.2.2 The Acts Attributable to the Trafficking in Persons for the Purpose of Organ
Removal
Article 3 (a) lists the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons
as the acts attributable to the trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal. As such,
they are not subject to criminalisation until they are committed for the exploitative purpose. For a
better understanding of the application of the definition in the Palermo Protocol, a brief overview
of those actions is needed to identify important issues therein.
First of all, the organ scarcity makes people from industrialised countries travel to other
countries where they can undergo organ transplantation. 52 The brokers are usually the ones who
recruit patients in order to arrange transportation for commercial transplants abroad, and thus
they can be prosecuted in accordance with Article 5 of the Palermo Protocol for the act of
recruitment.53 In case of organ removal, nowadays advertisements searching for an organ donor
can be published by using modern information technologies. 54 However, the way how
recruitment is done is irrelevant to constitute the trafficking. 55 In cases when donors voluntarily
engage in illegal organ trafficking, they are usually considered as law breakers in many domestic
laws.56 In this regard, the Protocol does not establish criminal liability upon them, since their
situations should be viewed as ‘having no choice but to purchase or sell an organ, out of despair
and strain’.57 However, donors can be found guilty if their victim status cannot be established.
Therefore, they rarely report on their situation and make statements against their brokers, which
preclude law enforcement officials from prosecuting the criminals. 58

52

See: P. Farmer, N. Gastineau-Campos, New malaise: Bioethics and human rights in the global era. Journal of Law,
Medicine and Ethics, 1 June 2004 32: 243–251; N. Scheper-Hughes, Organs without borders. Foreign Policy,
(2005), 146: 26–27.
53
Joint Coe/UN study, supra n. 18, p. 83.
54
Ibid. p. 78.
55
Ibid.
56
A. Aronowitz, Trafficking in human beings: an international perspectives (2003), In D. Siegel, H. van de Bunt &
D. Zaitch (Eds.), Global Organized Crime: Trends and Developments. Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers.
57
Ibid.
58
For example, twelve Sudanese refugees and asylum seekers who had been exploited for their organs refrained
from reporting to law enforcement officials about their situations as they were afraid of being arrested. Debra A.
Budiani-Saberi, D. L. K. Karim, Zimmerman, ( December 2011). Sudanese Victims of Organ Trafficking in Egypt. A

15

The next act of trafficking is transportation, which is the physical movement of a person
from the place where he or she was recruited to the actual place of exploitation where the organ
removal will be conducted. As has already been mentioned, the transportation can occur within or
across national borders. The concentration of States on the act element provided in the definition
of human trafficking makes them tighten control over the border regime. 59 However, it is unlikely
to constitute trafficking during the movement until the exploitation takes place. All these acts are
difficult to detect because neither the victims nor the border officials may know the intent for
which a person is travelling.60 Thus, the need to criminalise these acts arises after the
determination of the fact that they are committed against the will of a person. 61
Another element of actions is the transfer, which is carried out when a trafficked person is
exchanged or handed over to other people. 62 The harbouring is done to hide or hold a person in a
certain accommodation or in any other place, so that the trafficked persons, during the journey to
the final destination, could not escape or change their mind about removing the organ. 63 It also
may include a place where their organ is removed or a medical clinic where the surgery takes
place. 64 Finally, the receipt involves receiving the victims at a place where the exploitation
occurs.65
Aspects of the organisation of transportation, transfer and harbouring are unknown, as
traffickers operate in a hidden way. In this regard, an important question arises: does the
definition relate only to the process of trafficking or does it also cover the aspects of result.66
Initially, individuals may not be in an exploitative situation because of their own will to remove
an organ, but in the process they may become victims due to being harboured and received
through one of the stipulated means in the definition. The actions of trafficking take place in a

Preliminary Evidence-Based, Victim-Centered Report. Coalition for Organ-Failure Solutions. Available at:
http://www.cofs.org/home/sudanese-victims/ (last visited: 12 March 2020).
59
Report of the Experts Group on Trafficking in Human Beings, supra n. 47, p. 48.
60
Ibid.
61
Ibid.
62
Joint Coe/UN study, supra n.18, p. 78.
63
Ibid.
64
Ibid.
65
Ibid.
66
A.T. Gallagher, The international Law of Human Trafficking, Cambridge University Press, ISBN 978-0-52119107-4, 2010, at p. 30.

16

short time and even a transplant surgery is performed as quickly as possible. 67 After removing the
organs, donors are discharged a few days later without adequate post-operative care so that
traffickers can perform the next transplantation. 68 Thus, the actions of harbouring and receipt of a
person, along with other actions, may seem to indicate both the process and the end situation of
trafficking. This can lead to the extension of the concept of human trafficking to an exploitative
situation in which there was no preceding process.69 If so, then it can be said that other forms of
human trafficking, such as forced labour, where a working environment changes from an
acceptable to a coercively exploitative condition also falls under the scope of the Protocol. 70
However, travaux preparotoires provides no evidence for this and States prefer to limit the
potential scope of the concept of trafficking by requiring a comprehensive three-part test to
constitute human trafficking. 71
2.2.3 The Means and Issue of Consent
The main goal of traffickers is to gain financial profit, which is ensured through the
control of the victims to remove illicitly the organs. Illicit means are the crucial element to
constitute human trafficking. Article 3 (b) provides that the victim’s consent to the alleged
exploitation is irrelevant when one of the means specified in the definition has been used. An
exception to this rule is children whose trafficking requires no means. 72 Various methods are
used to keep the adult victims in control. Most of the means listed in the definition are selfevident, whereas some of them may be used in combination or even overlap with each other. 73
Coercion is the well-known method of having control over another person. It is usually
linked with the threat and use of force and, therefore, is a direct mean used for trafficking in
persons.74 In contrast, deception and fraud belong to less direct means where an individual cannot
refuse to sell or donate the organ. The drafters of the Palermo Protocol did not provide the extent
67

J.D. Jong, Human trafficking for the purpose of organ removal, Utrecht University Library database, 2017,
available at: https://dspace.library.uu.nl/bitstream/handle/1874/355286/DeJong.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=y (last
visited: 15 March 2020) at p. 94.
68
South Africa v. Netcare Kwa-Zulu Limited case (2012), UNODC No.: ZAF002. The Netcare hospital group was
accused of performing 109 illegal kidney transplants and facilitating at least 224 illegal organ transplants in the years
between 2001-2003 in Durban, Cape Town and Johannesburg.
69
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p 30.
70
Ibid., p.31.
71
Ibid. p 31.
72
Palermo Protocol, Art.3(c).
73
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 31.
74
Ibid. p. 31.

17

of the means to be used in order to qualify the requirement in the definition. This could result in
the interpretation that goes beyond the intention of the drafters. For instance, Malone argues that
coercion can include not only physical or psychological duress, but also severe economic
pressures. 75 The consequences of engaging in illegal act due to financial despair of an organ
donor are analysed later in the thesis.
Brokers often mislead or do not sufficiently inform victims about the risks of the
transplantation and the long-term consequences that entail a huge impact on their physical and
mental life.76 Thus, fraud, deception and abuse of power or of position of vulnerability make
trafficking possible without the use of physical force. Moreover, the involvement of professionals
from medical sector, who perform the transplantation, makes the trafficking in persons for the
purpose of organ removal different from other forms of trafficking. 77 People perceive physicians
as professionals dedicated to the general welfare, and because of their commitment to
professional ethics, they are regarded as moral authorities. 78 However, they abuse power by
deliberately performing an illegal transplant and exploiting vulnerable individuals. Most of them
remain unpunished, as they are rarely held liable for participating in illegal transplants. 79
Another mean of illicitly obtaining consent is the abuse of a position of vulnerability. The
term is defined in travaux preparatoires as “any situation in which the person involved has no
real and acceptable alternative but to submit to the abuse involved”. 80 The vulnerability of
donors, who are in financial distress, can be seen in their decision to illegally sell the organs. In
this context, the inclusion of the means such as ‘abuse of a power or of a position of
vulnerability’ in the Protocol as consent invalidating criteria is regarded as the strongest
protection rights afforded to victims. However, it is somewhat problematic to establish if the
consent was free since the fundamental characteristic of illicit organ removal creates the

L.A. Malone, ‘Economic Hardship as Coercion under the Protocol on International Trafficking in Persons by
Organised Crime Elements; (2001) 25, Fordham International Law Journal, at p. 55.
76
J.D. Jong, supra n. 67, p. 104.
77
UNODC, Trafficking in Persons for the purpose of Organ Removal, Assessment Toolkit, 2005, p. 24.
78
J.D. Jong, supra n. 67, p. 106. See also: J. B. Imber, (2008), Trusting Doctors: The Decline of Moral Authority in
American Medicine. Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press.
79
Ibid., p. 110. See also: Scheper-Hughes, N. (2016). On adopting herethical methods: from barefoot to militant to
detective anthropology. In D. Siegel & R. de Wildt (Eds.), Ethical Concerns in Research on Human Trafficking (pp.
249-272). Springer International Publishing Switzerland.
80
UNODC, Travaux Preparatoires of the negotiations for the elaboration of the United Nations Convention against
Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto, 2006, at 347.
75

18

conditions under which it is difficult to assume that a person agreed to the organ removal. The
means used to obtain the consent of the victims are more likely a subtle and psychological form
of coercion that is difficult to charge.81 Donors may consent to the removal of their organs, but
their consent is irrelevant if deception was used in relation to the promised amount of payment
for the organ or if there was no payment at all. 82 In this event, each offence of trafficking has to
be examined case-by-case in order to determine if the consent was free. Moreover, the consent
must be valid throughout all stages of an act. In other words, victim’s consent only at one stage of
process cannot be regarded as consent at all stages.83 Once all relevant factors are known and the
person voluntarily agreed to remove an organ, only then it is considered as legally obtained and
valid consent.84 However, despite the fact that the person has given his or her consent, this does
not preclude him or her from becoming a victim of trafficking if the outcome constitutes the
illicit organ removal purpose.
The requirement of explicit consent is also mentioned in various international documents
by providing that informed and voluntary consent must be obtained from a living donor before
the organ removal. 85 Thus, the consent is of particular importance in the context of organ
transplantation as it is considered as the ethical foundation of all medical interventions. 86
2.2.4 Exploitation
At the heart of any trafficking is the purpose of exploitation of victims for gaining a
financial profit, especially in case of organ trafficking. The last global report on trafficking in
persons shows that the number of identified victims of trafficking for the purpose of organ
removal is very low compared to other forms of exploitation due to the hidden nature of the

81

J.D. Jong, supra n. 67, p. 18.
The Vienna Forum to Fight Human Trafficking, supra n. 22, p. 5.
83
Ibid.
84
European Experts Group, supra n. 47, p. 50
85
See for instance Articles 19 and 20 of the Council of Europe Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine;
Articles 13 and 14 of the Additional Protocol to the Convention concerning Transplantation of Organs and Tissues of
Human Origin. See also: The WHO Guiding Principles on Human Cell, Tissue and Organ Transplantation (2010).
86
UNODC, supra n. 77, p. 15.
82

19

crime.87 Removal of organ as a form of exploitation remains one of the least addressed
phenomenon under Palermo Protocol.
Although brokers may engage donors through coercive ways, exploitation can also occur
without the use of force in cases when donors, being legally competent, deliberately consent and
voluntarily participate in an illegal transplant procedure. 88 This decision can entail consequences
of being left in a vulnerable position if medical conditions and safeguards are ignored during the
surgery, and the part or all of the promised payment cannot be received after the removal of the
organs. As mentioned in the previous paragraph, those who decided to illegally remove their
organs feel unprotected in the legal system due to lack of proper information and fear of being
held criminally liable. However, the lack of knowledge regarding the offence precludes law
enforcement officials to prove the occurrence of exploitation and punish the traffickers.
Regardless of the reasons how people find themselves in these conditions (independently
or through the use of force), the end result - exploitation - should adequately be counteracted by
the States. The Palermo Protocol contain no interpretation of the term ‘exploitation’, but provides
an open-ended list, which includes the removal of organs as one of the purposes of exploitation.
The most important point to note is that there is no need for actual exploitation to take place since
a mere intention combined with the elements of actions and means is sufficient to constitute
human trafficking. 89 In other words, despite the difficulty of establishing the relevant facts, it is
only necessary to prove that exploitation was just the intention of the conduct.90 Gallagher argues
that “the definitional requirement of intention to exploit is usually no more than a legal nicety”. 91
Indeed, as mentioned above, it is extremely difficult to establish trafficking before the
exploitation occurs, as trafficked persons, who mainly come from poor countries, can easily be

87

UNODC, Global Report on Trafficking in Persons, 2018, (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.19.IV.2), p.30.
Only 700 victims of organ trafficking were identified for the last 13 years, while the number of victims for all other
forms of exploitation amount to 225000.
88
Roberto Andorno, Buying and Selling Organs: Issues of Commodification, Exploitation and Human Dignity,
Journal of Trafficking and Human Exploitation, 2017, no.2, p. 119-127, at p. 123.
89
UNODC, Legislative Guide for the Implementation of the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking In
Persons, Especially Women and Children, Supplementing the United Nations Convention Against Transnational
Organized Crime (2004), para. 33; CoE, Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against
Trafficking in Human Organs, Trafficking Convention Explanatory Report, CoE Treaty Series – no.2016, 25 March
2015, para. 87.
90
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 34.
91
Ibid., p. 282.

20

confused with smuggled or undocumented migrants due to the false identification documents
provided by brokers.
To sum up, important points were identified during the analysis of the definition of the
Protocol. Firstly, all forms of trafficking are addressed in the definition, that is to say, it is not
limited only to trafficking for the purpose of sexual exploitation, but also other forms of
exploitation are included, such as forced labour, practices similar to slavery, as well as, organ
removal. Secondly, the consent of the victims is irrelevant if one of the means listed in the
definition has been applied. Finally, it is unnecessary for victims’ organ to be removed in order to
fall within the ambit of the Protocol, since the intention to exploit them is sufficient to establish
human trafficking.
2.3 The Protection Afforded to Victims of Trafficking in Persons for the Purpose of
Organ Removal under the Palermo Protocol
Prior to the adoption of the Palermo Protocol, States have been more reluctant to render
specific rights to victims and recognise the corresponding obligations. 92 However, over time,
attitudes towards the protection of victims have been softened by different factors, including the
desire of States for political authority in the international arena and the recognition of the fact that
effective prosecution of trafficking cases can be ensured only through mutual cooperation with
trafficked victims.93 There are currently several main obligations related to the protection of
victims such as non-criminalisation of victims, provision of immediate protection and assistance
as well as safe and voluntary return, all of which stem from the general obligation to identify
victims of trafficking.94
State Parties to the Palermo Protocol have special duties to protect and support those who
have been recognised as victims of trafficking. However, the major human trafficking instrument
does not define the term ‘victim of trafficking’, which in some cases may lead to the problem of
identifying trafficked persons and depriving them of the access to the rights and protections to
which they are entitled. Moreover, misidentification of trafficked persons can entail serious
human rights violations and non-compliance with international obligations by states. Those
92

A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 276.
Ibid., p. 276, See also: International Criminal Police Organization, Trafficking in Human Beings: Best Practice
Guidance Manual for Investigators (2008).
94
Ibid., p. 276.
93

21

human rights violations stem from international human rights treaties that have wider application
than the specialised trafficking instruments and will be examined in more detail in the last
substantive chapter.
Victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal often find themselves
in a vulnerable situation after they have been trafficked, including those who were deceived to
sell their organs.95 The quality of their lives deteriorates as they may be experiencing economical,
physical and/or psychological hardships. 96 The threat to their lives continues even after they are
discharged from the medical clinic where they have undergone the surgery, as traffickers may
continue to threaten victims through intimidation and violence so that they do not contact the
police and report on the illegal transplant offence. Thus, the physical safety of the victims has to
be in the first place in ensuring the protection. In this context, the Protocol requires that each
State Party “shall endeavour to provide for the physical safety of victims of trafficking in persons
while they are within its territory”. 97
Furthermore, protection from further harm inextricably correlates with the need of
protecting the privacy and identity of victims. In some cases, it is extremely important for States
to keep the identity of victims in secret, as failure to do so may increase the risk of retaliation. 98
In this context, the Protocol requires each Member State to protect the privacy and identity of
victims “in appropriate cases and to the extent possible under its domestic law”. 99
Victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal are often encounters
serious health consequences due to the lack of post-operative care and means of subsistence.100
Thus, Article 6(3) of the Palermo Protocol addresses the most important and urgent need of
victims of trafficking by establishing different standards for their care and support. These are: (a)
appropriate housing; (b) counselling and information in particular as regards their legal rights, in
a language that the victims can understand; (c) medical, psychological and material assistance;
95

A. Aronowitz, Trafficking of Human Beings for the Purpose of Organ Removal: Are (International) Legal
Instruments Effective Measures to Eradicate the Practice?, Groningen Journal of International Law, vol 1(2):
Human Trafficking, p. 81.
96
M. Goyal, et al, “Economic and Health Consequences of Selling a Kidney in India”, Journal of the American
Medical Association, vol. 288, ed. 13, 2002, 1589-1593.
97
Palermo Potocol, Art 6(5).
98
The Annotated Guide to the Complete UN Trafficking Protocol , p.19, A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 47, p. 303.
99
Palermo Protocol, Art 6(1).
100
A. Aronowitz, supra n. 95, p. 81.

22

and (d) employment, educational and training opportunities. 101 Obviously, the age, gender, and
special needs of victims, in particular the special needs of children must be taken into account
when applying these standards. 102
Although the Palermo Protocol is primarily a tool for combating trafficking offences, the
abovementioned provisions indicate that it also contains significant human rights provisions.103
According to Article 2(b), the protection and assistance of victims of trafficking is one of the
purposes of the Protocol. However, the provisions related to the protection of victims are soft
obligations that only prove certain reluctance on the part of States to become attached to specific
obligations to this regard.104 The provisions requiring assistance and support for victims
incorporate some element of discretion by states. 105 It is evident from the wording of those
provisions such as “In appropriate cases and to the extent possible under its domestic law...”,106
“Each State Party shall consider implementing measures…”, 107 and “Each State Party shall
endeavour to provide...”.108 It is obvious that the language of the Protocol on this point is weak
but it still “reflects a consensus that certain services are necessary.” 109
With regard to remedies, one of the few mandatory provisions for victim support under
the Protocol obliges States to provide victims with the possibility to receive compensation for the
damage suffered.110 It is possible that victims of organ trafficking may have incurred debts if they
were deceived and not paid for the removed organs. On top of that, they need medical
examinations due to health consequences, but services cannot be afforded. Therefore, remedies
are needed to recognise trafficked persons as victims of crime and victims of human rights
violations. 111 However, this provision should not be understood as a requirement of guaranteeing
compensation to victims. Instead, the Palermo Protocol calls on States to take all necessary
legislative measures so that the legal remedies can be pursued by victims.
101

Palermo Protocol, Art 6(3).
Ibid., Art 6(4).
103
D. Budiani-Saberi, S. Columb, A human rights approach to Human Trafficking for Organ Removal, Med Health
Care and Philos, 7 June 2013.
104
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 307.
105
Ibid.
106
Palermo Protocol Art.6(1).
107
Ibid., Art.6(3).
108
Ibid., Art.6(5).
109
Annotative guide, supra n. 40, Part 2, p. 20.
110
Palermo Protocol, Art.6(6).
111
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 354.
102

23

With regard to the safe return of victims, it should be noted that donors may be at risk of
persecution for non-compliance with immigration requirements or holding false passports to
cross borders. This is due to the fact that individuals are often not informed about the rights to
which they are entitled. In this event, the right to remain is needed to in order not to be deported
before they can claim full protection. The Palermo Protocol encourages States “to consider
adopting legislative or other appropriate measures that permit victims of trafficking in persons to
remain in its territory, temporarily or permanently, in appropriate cases.” 112 This provision is
significant for ensuring safety of victims, time for their recovery and encouraging them to
cooperate with law enforcement agencies. 113 However, states do not have a clear obligation to
provide victims with legal immigration status. In the case of forced deportation, victims may face
serious consequences such as punishment for engaging in illegal organ trafficking or for
unauthorised departure, as well as intimidation from traffickers. 114 Repatriation should be
‘preferably be voluntary’ and performed ‘with due regard for the safety of that person and for the
status of any legal proceedings.’115 The issue of voluntary return was clarified in travaux
preparatories as not imposing any burden of responsibility on repatriating States.116 Countries of
origin are obliged to accept the return of a trafficked person without undue or unreasonable delay
and with due regard for the safety of that person.117 States are also required to cooperate in order
to verify nationality or place of residence of victims, as well as to issue necessary travel
documents.118
When conducting repatriation of trafficked persons, their established human rights must
be observed. In addition, from the standpoint of international law, States must take into account
the principle of non-refoulement before they repatriate victims. This obligation is prescribed in
Article 14 of the Palermo Protocol and considered the strongest article for the victim
protection.119 Article 14 ensures that the provisions of the Palermo Protocol do not modify the
112

Palermo Protocol, Art.7.
Annotative guide, supra n. 40, p. 26.
114
Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 320.
115
Palermo Protocol, Art.8(2).
116
Travaux Preparatoires of the negotiations for the elaboration of the United Nations Convention against
Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto, supra n.80, at 388.
117
Palermo Protocol, Art 8(1), According to the Annotative Guide, this creates a positive obligation for States to
ensure that there is no threat of retaliation when victims return home. Annotative guide, supra n.40, p.27.
118
Ibid., Art.8(3) and 8(4).
119
Ibid., Art 14(1) states: “Nothing in this Protocol shall affect the rights, obligations and responsibilities of States
and individuals under international law, including international humanitarian law and international human rights law
113

24

rights, obligations and responsibilities of States under international law. 120 In the context of
repatriation, the Protocol must, where applicable, be interpreted in a manner consistent with the
1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees including the principle
of non-refoulement.121
The above mentioned protections provided by the Protocol show us that there are only
few mandatory and detailed obligations for states. Most importantly, the Protocol does not
protect victims from prosecution if they are engaged in illegal organ transplantation procedure.
This hinders deceived donors from reporting their victimisation and precludes them from seeking
help in order to escape from traffickers. The lack of obligatory provisions protecting the rights of
victims leads to the fact that states do not prioritise the rights of victims in combating human
trafficking. Considering the fact that the main obligation of State Parties to the Protocol is the
criminalisation of trafficking in their national legal system, 122 and that the vast majority of
countries in the world have signed the Protocol, the level of conviction of traffickers remain
relatively low.123 The UN and the Council of Europe Joint study revealed that the Protocol has
failed to significantly reduce the problem of organ trafficking. 124 The study highlighted the
importance of establishing separate binding instrument which would encompass solely trafficking
in human organ to strengthen the cooperation in the fight against organ trafficking. Moreover,
according to the assessment toolkit of the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime, the
Protocol turns out to be insufficient to combat organ trafficking “...as it does not cover the
transfer of organs (for profit) alone; trafficking in organs, under the Protocol, only occurs if an
individual is trafficked for the purpose of organ removal.” 125 Many guidelines and commentaries
on human trafficking have been issued in order to clarify some of the legal aspects that establish

and, in particular, where applicable, the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees
and the principle of non-refoulement as contained therein.”
120
Annotative guide, supra n. 40, p. 34.
121
Palermo Protocol, Art 14(1); ibid.
122
UNODC, Legislative Guide, supra n. 89, Part 2, 269-270
123
Emily Kelly, "International Organ Trafficking Crisis: Solutions Addressing the Heart of the Matter," Boston
College International and Comparative Law Review 36, no. Symposium Issue (2013): 1317-1350, at p. 1137.
124
Joint Coe/UN study, supra n. 18.
125
U.N. Doc E/CN.15/2006/10, 21 February 2006, International Cooperation in combating transnational crime:
preventing, combating and punishing trafficking in human organs; conf. United Nations Global Initiative to Fight
Human Trafficking (UN.GIFT), The Vienna Forum to fight Human Trafficking, supra n.22, p.3. See also: Vincenzo
Tigano, Criminalization of Trafficking in Human Organs According to the 2014 Council of Europe Convention,
European Criminal Law Review, Volume 5 (2015), Issue 2, at p. 11.

25

international legal rights and obligations of states towards the.126 However, most of the initiatives
addressed mainly sex and labour trafficking by omitting the organ removal purpose of
exploitation. Therefore, the next chapter deals explicitly with the trafficking in human organs and
examines the protection afforded to its victims.

126

For ex., Anne Gallagher, the High Commissioner of Human Rights (OHCHR), issued a comprehensive
Commentary to the Recommended Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights and Human Trafficking (2010).

26

3

TRAFFICKING IN HUMAN ORGANS

3.1 Key Issues Regarding the Trafficking in Human Organs
3.1.1 Definition of Trafficking in Human Organs under the CoE Convention
In contrast to trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal, trafficking in
human organs can occur as purchase of human organs from living persons as well as stealing
organs from deceased persons.127 The definition of trafficking in human organs was first
established in the Declaration of Istanbul on organ trafficking and transplant tourism in 2008. 128
It was the first universal instrument created as a condemnation against the violation of the
fundamental rights of victims of organ trafficking. Although the Declaration is not a legally
binding instrument, it served as a guideline for states to combat the pressing and growing
problems of organ trade, transplant tourism, and organ trafficking. 129 However, over the years
there was a need to update some of the definitions and provisions to provide precise guidance and
more accurately structured principles for policymakers. 130 As a result, an enhanced definition of
trafficking in human organs was released at the International Congress of the Transplantation
Society in Madrid ten years after the initial adoption of the Declaration. The previous document
included three terms: organ trafficking, transplant commercialism and transplant tourism. The
definition of organ trafficking was criticised for being extremely wide due to the fact that it
simply extended the already broad definition given in the Palermo Protocol by adding organs,
tissues and cells of living and deceased persons within its scope.131 The inclusion of two different
phenomena into a single definition was unreasonable since the trafficking in human beings for
the purpose of organ removal which is a form of trafficking in persons has already been
addressed in the Trafficking Protocol.132 This led to the incorrect assumption that the coercive
and deceptive ways necessary for trafficking in persons would also apply for transporting
127

European Parliament, Directorate General for External Policies, Study: Trafficking in human organs,
EP/EXPO/B/DROI/FWC/2013-08/Lot8/03, July 2015, p. 18
128
The declaration of Istanbul on organ trafficking and transplant tourism, adopted in the International Summit on
Transplant Tourism and Organ Trafficking convened by The Transplantation Society and International Society of
Nephrology in Istanbul, Istanbul, Turkey, April 30 - May 2, 2008.
129
See also: Dominique E. Martin,et al., Strengthening Global Efforts to Combat Organ Trafficking and Transplant
Tourism: Implications of the 2018 Edition of the Declaration of Istanbul, Transplant Direct, Published online 22
February 2019.
130
Elmi Muller, Dominique E. Martin, Beatriz Dominguez-Gil, The Declaration of Istanbul on Organ Trafficking
and Transplant Tourism (2018 Edition), available at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/330778067 (last
accessed: 10 December 2019). See also: Dominique E. Martin,et al., ibid.
131
Tigano, supra n. 125, p. 256.
132
Ibid.

27

deceased persons and organs. 133 In other words, living donors or deceased’s relatives can no
longer be coerced or deceived after the organ removal procedure since the use of illicit means
automatically ends when the organs are separated from these persons Thus, the previous
definition of organ trafficking was an unnecessary extension of Article 3 of the Palermo Protocol,
because otherwise the illicit means would be applied in respect of already separated human
organs from the bodies of living or deceased persons. .134 Thus, the previous definition of organ
trafficking was an unnecessary extension of Article 3 of the Palermo Protocol, because otherwise
the illicit means would be applied in respect of human organs already separated from the bodies
of living or deceased persons. Today the revised Declaration encompasses broader and more
detailed terms than it was used to have. One of the clear update was in differentiating between
two phenomena: trafficking in human organs and trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal.
The definition of trafficking in human organs is derived from the definition presented in
the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs (hereinafter – the CoE
Convention).135 This Convention is the first international agreement aimed at preventing and
combating specifically trafficking in human organs. It was adopted to fill a definitional gap in the
Trafficking Protocol and supplement the existing international legal instruments in the field of
trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal. 136 Moreover, the CoE Convention calls
on all countries to prohibit commercial dealings in organs. Individuals who deliberately consent
to the removal of organs but do not meet the requirements in the Palermo Protocol can be
identified as victims of trafficking in human organs under the CoE Convention. The main act of
trafficking is in respect of human organs, which includes the forcible or voluntary acquisition of
human organs and the transportation of the removed organ to the place where the transplantation
will be conducted to the recipient. 137 In cases where victims of this form of organ trafficking are
unable to find protection under the Palermo Protocol, the CoE Convention can be applied as a

133

Tigano, supra n.125, p. 256.
Ibid.
135
Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs, CETS No.216, Santiago de Compostela,
25/03/2015, entered into force 01/03/2018.
136
Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs, Santiago de
Compostela, 25.III.2015, at p. 2.
137
Tigano, supra n.125, at p. 243.
134

28

tool to ensure the protection of organ donors and criminalisation of relevant illicit acts, provided
that the state is a party to the Convention.
The drafters of the Convention acknowledged the complexity of accurately and uniformly
defining the phenomenon of such widespread coverage due to the involvement of many different
actors. Therefore, the definition of trafficking in human organs has not been formulated in a
single article, instead, the Convention, and accordingly the Istanbul Declaration of 2018, defines
‘trafficking in organs’ through several separate criminal activities, namely the illicit removal of
human organs (Article 4); use of illicitly removed organs for purposes of implantation or other
purposes than implantation (Article 5); illicit solicitation, recruitment, offering and requesting of
undue advantages (Article 7); preparation, preservation, storage, transportation, transfer, receipt,
import and export of illicitly removed human organs (Article 8); aiding or abetting and attempt
(Article 9).138 Article 2 (2) of the Convention defines human organs as “a differentiated part of
the human body, formed by different tissues, that maintains its structure, vascularisation and
capacity to develop physiological functions with a significant level of autonomy”. 139 However, as
it can be seen tissues and cells are excluded from the scope of the Convention.
It is interesting to note that organ trade, also known as transplant commercialism, was
excluded from the acts given in the definition of the CoE Convention. In the Istanbul Declaration
of 2008, this term was designated as “a policy or practice in which an organ is treated as a
commodity, including by being bought or sold or used for material gain”, 140 but the revised
edition no longer includes the term ‘transplant commercialism’. However, the CoE Convention
exclusively refers to organ trade in Article 4 where the financial gain or comparable advantage
offered or received by a donor or a third party in exchange for organ removal has taken the form
of one of the alternative prerequisites necessary to qualify organ removal as illegal. 141 In all
likelihood, the drafters of the CoE Convention probably preferred to avoid transplantation
commercialism as an offence of organ trafficking, so as not to force States Parties to criminalise

Article 2 paragraph 2 the Convention defines human organs as “a differentiated part of the human body, formed
by different tissues, that maintains its structure, vascularisation and capacity to develop physiological functions with
a significant level of autonomy”. However, as it can be seen tissues and cells are excluded from the scope of the
Convention.
139
CoE Convention, Art.2(2).
140
The declaration of Istanbul on organ trafficking and transplant tourism, supra n. 128.
141
CoE Convention, Art. 4(1), (b) and (c). See also: Vincenzo Tigano, supra n. 125, at p. 258
138

29

recipients and donors who purchase organs without the help of brokers. 142 As the European
Parliament confirmed, “this type of commercial transaction between competent and consenting
adults is very different from the use of violence, fraud, threats or abduction in order to obtain
organs.”143 In any case, the absence of the term “transplant commercialism” in the CoE
Convention is open to criticism, as it indicates the exemption of brokers from the punishment for
the purchase of seized organs that they want to sell and gain the profit. 144
Another important point to mention is that the acts referred within the definition of
trafficking in human organs in the CoE Convention are criminalised by the State Parties by
taking the necessary legislative and other measures in accordance with their domestic law only if
they are intentionally committed.145 In this context, intentionality is used in a general meaning
which enables states to determine the degree of intent in accordance with their criminal laws, as
the degree of intention can vary from crime to crime. In addition, it is left to the domestic legal
systems of the State Parties to decide whether it is necessary to criminalise non-intentional
acts.146
Since the Convention is the only document dealing with the trafficking in human organs,
each of the acts listed in Article 4 of the CoE Convention will be analysed in the following
paragraphs in order to examine the protection offered therein.
3.1.2 Illicit Removal of Human Organs
The illicit removal of organs can be performed by anyone, but in most of the cases it is
done by medical workers since they are the most suitable for carrying out these types of
surgeries. 147 Medical workers can be held responsible only in accordance with Article 4(1), which
states that actions must be committed intentionally in order to be considered as a criminal
offence. In other words, health professionals take full responsibility only if they had known the
whole preconditions that were described above, but still performed the removal of organs.

142

Tigano, supra n.125, at p. 258.
Draft European Parliament Explanatory Statement to the legislative resolution on the Initiative of the Hellenic
Republic, p. 26.; see also: Tigano, supra n. 125, at p. 258.
144
Tigano, supra n.125, at p. 258.
145
CoE Convention, Arts. 4-9.
146
Tigano, supra n.125, at p. 258.
147
Ibid., at p. 259.
143

30

Illicit removal of human organs is the first offence related to the trafficking in human
organs. Article 4 of the CoE Convention sets forth the conditions for State Parties to determine in
which cases organ removal constitutes a criminal offence. In accordance with Article 4 (1a), the
removal of organs may be considered unlawful if donors do not give their informed and specific
consent to the removal of organs. 148 In cases when the organs are taken from the deceased, an
authorized permission has to be taken in accordance with the domestic laws of each State.149
Article 4 (1b) states that offering and receiving a financial gain or any other advantage in return
for the consent of living donors to remove the organs are regarded illegal. 150 The same provision
applies in respect of deceased donor, but with the involvement of a third party who obtains the
profit for the removed organ.151 All these conducts are considered as elements of illicit removal
of organs, but it is sufficient that one of these conditions are fulfilled to constitute a criminal
offence described in Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Convention. 152 Moreover, according to Articles
4 (4) and 6, State Parties to the Convention are required to take the legislative measures in order
to turn organ procurement and organ transplantation conducted outside of their corresponding
domestic transplantation systems into a criminal offence. 153
In this regard, several human rights violations stem from the illicit removal of organs.
Since the removal of organs take place unlawfully, the right of organ donors to free and informed
consent is explicitly violated under several international legal instruments such as the European
Union Charter of Fundamental Rights (Article 3) and Oveido Convention (Articles 5, 19(2), and
20).154 Moreover, a violation of the right to free and informed consent can also be indirectly
claimed through the right to life and the right to respect for private life which can be found in
many international human rights treaties provided that the State is attributable for the violation.

148

CoE Convention, Art 4(1a). Specific consent means the consent given for the removal of a specific organ. See:
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 35, p. 6.
149
Ibid.
150
CoE Convention, Art 4(1b).
151
Ibid., Art 4(1c).
152
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 31, p. 5
153
CoE Convention, Art 4(4) and 6.
154
Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, (2000/C 364/01); Convention on Human Rights and
Biomedicine, supra n. 24.

31

3.1.3 Illicit Solicitation and Recruitment, Offering and Requesting of Undue
Advantages
The remaining conducts of trafficking in human organs can be classified in two types of
actions.155 First criminal act is the one committed before the removal of the organs, and the
second is the acts committed after the removal of the organs. Offences that fit the first type are
the solicitation and recruitment of an organ donor which are carried out for financial gain or
comparable advantage for the person soliciting or recruiting, or for a third party. 156 In this regard,
the CoE Convention obliges States to criminalise the activities of persons operating as an
intermediary between organ donors, recipients and medical workers.157 Compared to the Palermo
Protocol, the CoE Convention explicitly encourages States to criminalise “the advertising of the
need for, or availability of human organs, with a view to offering or seeking financial gain or
comparable advantage”.158
Brokers are usually the ones who perform the solicitation and recruitment processes. 159 In
this arrangement, it was directly indicated that financial benefits were the main purpose for
recruiters and solicitors. Therefore, the Convention stands out in describing this disposition very
accurately, in contrast to the definition given in the Palermo Protocol, which contained no
reference to the lucrative goals of traffickers. 160 However, it should be noted that this provision
that requires the achievement of financial gain or comparable advantage do not involve
solicitation and recruitment of donors which are done by a possible recipient of an organ or other
individuals whose goal is to safeguard the health condition of the recipient. 161 However,
Although, as in the Palermo Protocol, it is left for State Parties to decide whether organ
donors should be prosecuted or viewed as victims of trafficking in human organs, 162 it is
considered an offence if an organ donor tries to gain a financial advantage by trading his or her
organs for transplantation, and if a donor tries to recruit or solicit a receiver. 163

155

Tigano, supra n. 125, at p. 260.
CoE Convention, Art 7.
157
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 52, p. 8.
158
CoE Convention, Art.21(3).
159
CoE, Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 110, at para. 52.
160
Tigano, supra n. 125, p. 260.
161
Ibid.
162
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 53, p. 8.
163
Ibid.
156

32

With regard to donor recruitment, it falls into both trafficking in human beings for the
purpose of organ removal and trafficking in human organs elements, but it applies solely to the
latter if the recruitment has occurred without any use of coercive or deceptive methods which can
be found in the Palermo Protocol’s definition on human trafficking. 164 In the first paragraph of
Article 7, there is no mention of the coercive and deceptive means used by the recruiters. It
follows from this that the consent of victims for the organ removal can be free and voluntary. 165
Consequently, a donor may not be a victim of trafficking in organs once he or she has given a
deliberate consent for the removal of the organ under the CoE Convention. In this event,
solicitation and recruitment violate only donor’s human dignity through exploitation, but do not
breach their freedom to choose and self-determination as traffickers’ main goal is to take a
financial advantage from organ donors.166
Except solicitation and recruitment of organ donors, Article 7 provides for other actions
prior to organ removal. These acts are outlined in the second and third paragraphs of Article 7 of
the CoE Convention and named as active and passive corruption in the Explanatory Report of the
CoE Convention. 167 While active corruption involves the offering of financial gain or any undue
advantages to medical professionals, government officials and members of private entities to
perform or facilitate the organ removal surgery, passive corruption includes the request by
persons or entities listed above to perform an illicit removal of organs. 168 These two provisions
concerning corruptive acts were taken from the CoE Criminal Law Convention on Corruption
which requires all the State Parties to take all the necessary legislative measures in order to
criminalise those acts,169 and calls all State Parties to ensure trust, confidence, loyalty in the
implementation of public functions which are the key in maintaining strong economic and social
relations. 170 Moreover, it is usually accepted that the advantage is in the form of economic nature,
but it can also be of non-material nature.171

164

Tigano, supra n. 125. p. 260.
Ibid.
166
Ibid.
167
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 54, p. 9.
168
CoE Convention, Art 7(2) and 7(3). See also: Tigano, supra n. 125. p. 261.
169
COE Criminal Law Convention on Corruption, ETS No.173, 1999, (Articles 2 and 7).
170
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 55, p. 9. See also: Vincenzo Tigano, supra n. 125.
p. 261.
171
Tigano, supra n. 125. p. 261.
165

33

3.1.4 The Use, Preparation, Preservation, Storage, Transportation, Transfer,
Receipt, Import and Export of Illicitly Removed Human Organs
The second type of the offences related to trafficking in human organs refers to the acts
committed after the removal of organs, which includes: 1) the use of the removed organs for
purposes of implantation or for any other purpose;172 and 2) the acts of preparation, preservation,
storage, transportation, transfer, receipt, import and export of illegally removed human organs. 173
Organs that have been taken illegally do not go through official medical health check-ups, and
therefore there are chances of harming the health of a future recipient of an organ. The Council of
Europe was aware of this situation, so that it attempted to protect individual and public health by
separating and underlining these offences. 174
The necessity to criminalise the use of illegally removed organs is emphasised in Article
5. Thus, physicians that perform the transplantation are punished for their actions according to
Article 5, as well as nurses who were part of the surgical operations and preparatory phase. 175 In
order to eliminate any possibilities of organ usage besides transplantation (for example,
experimental purposes), "other purposes than implantation" has been added to the wording of
Article 5 of the CoE Convention. 176
When it comes to the actions contained in Article 8, all of them ought to be committed in
relation to human organs. This means that the transportation, transfer, and receipt of a donor to
the place where they will be subjected to the removal of organs do not fall into the scope of the
CoE Convention.177 These actions may be considered a criminal offence related to trafficking in
human beings for the purpose of organ removal if coercive or deceptive methods will be used to
achieve illicit organ removal.
Among all the actions provided for in Article 8, the act of receipt needs to be clarified, as
it can be interpreted in the material and broader sense. 178 When this term is understood in the
material meaning, then the act of receipt can be done only by intermediaries such as physicians,
172

CoE Convention, Art.5.
Ibid., Art.8.
174
Tigano, supra n. 125. p. 262.
175
Ibid.
176
Ibid.
177
Ibid.
178
Ibid.
173

34

nurses or other third persons, who join in the last process of transferring organs with the aim of
performing the surgery.179 As for the broader meaning, the act of receipt can be performed by the
recipients who do not take an active part in the surgery, but receive illegally removed organs
through transplantation. 180 In the context of the CoE Convention, the act of receipt has to be
interpreted together with other acts listed in Article 8, which are committed after the removal of
the organ, but before transplantation. In other words, the act of receipt needed to be interpreted as
a material receipt in order to have a logical connection with other acts under Article 8. 181
3.1.5 Aiding or Abetting and Attempt
Deliberate aiding or abetting to commit trafficking in human organs is subject to criminal
liability in accordance with article 9. The CoE Convention states that the act of aiding or abetting,
including the act of attempt, must be criminalised if they are conducted intentionally. 182 It is left
for State Parties to decide the meaning of “attempt” in accordance with their domestic laws, but it
is important to consider the principle of proportionality when differentiating between the attempt
and mere preparatory acts, as the latter do not result in criminalisation. 183
In addition, State Parties to the CoE Convention enjoy the right to make reservations in
relation to the application of the paragraph 2 of Article 9 concerning the act of attempt to
offences established in accordance with Article 7 and Article 8 due to the dissimilarities of
domestic criminal laws of State Parties. 184 The reason for this provision is that each State has
different criminal law systems, so each of them has a different understanding of the conducts
falling under this Article.
Unlike the Palermo Protocol, with the help of Article 9 of the CoE Convention, it is
possible to criminalise the acts of transportation, transfer and receipt of donors, provided that
these acts are performed without the use of force or deceptive means, but with the intention to
assist to the illegal removal of human organs.185

179

Tigano, supra n. 125. p. 262.
Ibid.
181
Ibid.
182
CoE Convention Art. 9(1) and 9(2).
183
Explanatory Report to the CoE Convention, supra n. 135, para. 61, p. 9.
184
CoE Convention, Art.9(3). See also: ibid., para. 62, p. 9.
185
Tigano, supra n. 125. p. 263.
180

35

3.2 Forms of Trafficking in Human Organs
Trafficking in human organs is a very complex in nature. It can be based on consent
between the donors and recipients, as well as, entail non-consensual activities through using the
means of threat, coercion or violence. However, one must admit that the sale of organs is what
lies behind all the forms of trafficking, whether it is voluntary or forced organ removal.
When we talk about a mutual consent, we refer to a situation where people, usually
coming from countries with poor socio-economic standards, decide to sell their organs in order to
improve their living conditions. 186 The most common organs are kidney and liver, which a living
person can give.187 The sale of kidney or other organs indeed saves the lives of many people
desperately waiting for an organ. It seems that both sides benefit from the criminal process, not to
mention intermediaries, but at some point, the picture behind this scene requires an international
concern due to the serious human rights violations taking place in the market of illegal transplant.
Donors are invariably exploited because their economic situation makes them vulnerable
and convenient for others to use them as a financial source. It is evident that poor people are
easily attracted to sell their organs for money, as it is very doubtful that in normal circumstances
they would commit such an offence. 188 Moreover, it may seem that trade in organs is not
exploitative since in order to be considered a victim of exploitation, a person should be coerced,
misinformed or deceived.189 As can be seen from the previous chapter, cases involving trafficking
in persons for the purpose of organ removal are subject to the consent invalidating factors, but in
the case of trafficking in human organs, exploitation can also happen without the use of force or
deceptive means. The authors supporting the criminalisation of organ trade from the point of
commodification of human body argue that offering money to extremely poor people in order to
obtain their organs is an intrinsically exploitative practice due to the use of vulnerable position of
organ sellers. 190 Consequently, one of the illicit means outlined in the definition of Palermo
Protocol always exist in trafficking human organs, even if the victim’s consent was free and
voluntary. Moreover, it is assumed that exploitation always implies the idea of disparity, and
186

Silke Meyer, supra n. 23, p. 215.
Eurotransplant International Foundation, Annual Report 2018, available at: https://www.eurotransplant.org/wpcontent/uploads/2019/12/032675-_ET_Jaarverslag_2018_v7-1.pdf (last visited: 30 May 2020), at p. 24.
188
R. Andorno, supra n. 88, at p. 123.
189
Ibid.
190
Ibid., supra n. 88, p. 123.
187

36

therefore, the act is considered exploitation unless the value of an exchange is equal. 191 However,
in case of organ trafficking, disparity cannot be excluded by a simple increase in price of organs
due to the fact that organs lack a fair price. 192 Thus, it can be said that any reason to sell an organ
involves the exploitation of organ sellers. Perhaps that is why the CoE Convention contains no
mention of the illicit means that must be proven in order to constitute a crime of trafficking in
human organs.
The clear reference to the prohibition of exploitation of individuals is considered only
under the trafficking in human beings instruments whereby individuals who are forced to sell
their organs due to their poor economic conditions are left out from the consideration. In this
regard, victims whose consent is free and voluntary may not be considered victims of human
trafficking for the purpose of organ removal under the Palermo Protocol. However, the CoE
Convention stands out in the sense that it prohibits explicitly any commercial dealings in organs.
The reason for this is the altruistic donation system, which excludes any financial motives and
protects vulnerable individuals from being exploited. 193 As noted in the previous sub-chapter, the
consent of donors for the organ sale is of little significance under the CoE Convention and it is
regarded as trafficking, regardless of whether or not trafficking in persons has occurred.
Therefore, the clear difference of trafficking in human organs from trafficking in persons for the
purpose of organ removal can be seen where the CoE Convention does not take into account
consent of a person to the organ removal to constitute the crime, so that there is no need in
identifying coercive or deceptive methods used to obtain an organ.
Another problem lies in the fact that in most cases, organ sellers do not receive adequate
medical aftercare than those who pay huge amounts of money to obtain an organ. 194 Not to
mention being victims of economic failure of the governments, there is also a huge risk to the
health of victims after the removal of the organ. 195 The reason for that could be the weak
191

R. Andorno, supra n. 88, at p. 123.
Ibid.
193
S. Columb, F. Ambagtsheer, M. Bos, et al., ‘Re-Conceptualizing the Organ Trade: Separating ‘‘Trafficking’’
from ‘‘Trade’’ and the Implications for Law and Policy’, Transplant International 30(2) (2017), 209-213, p.210.
See also: Melanie Levy, State incentives to promote organ donation: honoring the principles of reciprocity and
solidarity inherent in the gift relationship, Journal of Law and the Biosciences, 19 May 2018, 398–435.
194
Pascalev A, De Jong J, Ambagtsheer F, Lundin S, Ivanovski N, Codreanu C, Gunnarson M, Yankov J, Frunza M,
Byström I, Bos M, Weimar W, Trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal: a comprehensive
literature review. Online at www.hottproject.com (December 2013), p. 37. See also: S. Meyer, supra n. 23, p. 222.
195
S. Meyer, supra n. 23, p. 222.
192

37

domestic medical system in their home countries or the reluctance of the victims to refer to
medical check due to the strict regulations that punish the organ sellers.
The trade in human organs is based on the desperation of the organ sellers and buyers
where the former are people who desperately need money with the aim of meeting their needs
and the latter are people who desperately seek an organ to save their lives. 196 Thus, it can be
noted that the success of organ trafficking is based on the desperate desire of people to survive
from both sides.
The business of trafficking in human organs cannot be successful without the involvement
of intermediaries, who purchase the organs and arrange transplantation as well as engage medical
workers who perform the surgery. 197 Thus, a wide range of actors take part in the whole operation
starting from the recruitment of donors to the transplantation of the organs. However, there is
also a possibility of the involvement of a State. State can be attributed to trafficking in human
organs when it is reluctant to respond to the illegal patterns in organ trafficking or itself is
involved in the illegal act.198 This is another aspect of trafficking in human organs which takes
place in non-consensual ways. In this regard, the best illustration can be obtaining of organs with
force or deceit and using them as a source of organ transplantation, which can also be considered
as a state-sponsored trafficking in human organs.
Trafficking in human organs with the involvement of a State differs from private one in
the sense that it can even turn into serious forms of forced organ harvesting whereby the rights of
victims are completely ignored.199 A good example of state-sponsored trafficking in human
organs can be China where organs are harvested from the prisoners executed to the death
penalty. 200 This form of trafficking in human organs also involves a commercial transaction, but
people in the prison receive no financial gain, but are subjected to the illegal removal of
organs.201 Although China rejects all the accusations by justifying that these are politically

196

S. Meyer, supra n. 23, p. 219.
Yosuke Shimazono, The state of the international organ trade: a provisional picture based on integration of
available information, Bulletin of the World Health Organization, Volume 85, 2007, 901-980.
198
Torsten Trey, David Matas, supra n. 7.
199
Ibid.
200
More information can be found: D Kilgour, E Gutmann, and D Matas, Bloody Harvest/The Slaughter: An
Update, 2017 revised edition, pp. 268, 364. Exhibit 2.
201
Torsten Trey, David Matas, supra n. 7.
197

38

motivated lies, yet it cannot explain how they supply transplant tourists with needed organ in a
very short time. 202 In addition, it is confirmed that China specifically targets people suspected of
particular religious or spiritual beliefs, or of particular ethnicities, by exposing them to the organ
harvesting before execution. 203 This was confirmed in the final judgement of “The Independent
Tribunal into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China”, which revealed
many human rights violations and even amounted the organ harvesting in China to the crime
against humanity. 204 Even though this Tribunal worked entirely ‘pro bono publico’, it made a
huge contribution in attracting international community to respond to this crime and to protect the
victims. Several months later the United Nations Human Rights Council for the first time urged
Member States to investigate organ harvesting in China. 205 As for now, there is a need for an
effective collaboration of states, medical institutions, and non-governmental organisations to end
forced organ harvesting that occur in the world.
3.3. The Protection Afforded to Victims of Trafficking in Human Organs under the
CoE Convention
As noted above, trafficking in human organs raises a serious global concern. The
prohibition of organ trade is all about preventing the exploitation of organ donors. International
legal binding and non-binding instruments relating to organ trafficking, biomedicine and organ
transplantation strictly prohibits the purchase of human organs. 206 This phenomenon is known by
many countries but it is difficult to prove that their citizens illegally give or receive organs. 207 In
order to combat this illegal act, there is a difficulty in obtaining reliable data since the crime is
usually performed secretly, so that no official data exists to confirm the accurate number of
202

Independent Tribunal Into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China, Final Judgement &
Summary Report – 2019, available at: https://chinatribunal.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/ChinaTribunal_SummaryJudgment_17June2019.pdf (last visited: 6 June 2020), p.1; See also: The Guardian, China is harvesting
organs
from
detainees,
tribunal
concludes,
17
Jun
2019,
available
at:
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/jun/17/china-is-harvesting-organs-from-detainees-uk-tribunal-concludes
(last visited: 15 February 2020).
203
Independent Tribunal Into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China, supra n. 199.
204
Ibid.
205
Emma Batha, U.N. urged to investigate organ harvesting in China, available at:
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-rights-organ-harvesting/un-urged-to-investigate-organ-harvesting-in-chinaidUSKBN1W92FL (last accessed: 28 November 2019).
206
Oveido Convention, supra n. 24.; UNESCO Universal Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights (2005); WHO
Guiding Principles on Human Cell, Tissue and Organ Transplantation (2010); See also: Roberto Andorno, supra n.
88, p. 126.
207
Council of Europe, Replies to questionnaire for member states on organ trafficking, available at:
https://www.coe.int/t/dg3/health/Source/CDBI_INF(2003)11_en.pdf (2004), p. 58f.

39

trafficking cases.208 Moreover, the reluctance of donors and recipients to provide information on
the illegal acts related to organ sale also complicates the prosecution of traffickers. Either they
are afraid of testifying or they are not interested in making their own wrongdoings public. 209 In
addition, it is hard to obtain official medical records concerning the organ removal surgery due to
medical confidentiality. As noted above, none of the parties involved in this illegal act is
interested in disclosing the criminal process.
As to the protection of victims of trafficking in human organs, chapter IV of the CoE
Convention contains important provisions on victims’ support and assistance. First of all, State
Parties to the Convention are obliged to ensure that victims are provided with an access to
information relevant for their case and to assist in their physical, psychological and social
recovery.210 Moreover, victims have a right to compensation, which covers material injury such
as the cost of medical treatment as well as non-material damage, that is, the suffering
experienced. 211 It is important to note that the burden of compensation lies on the perpetrators.212
Article 19 of the CoE Convention focuses on procedural safeguards designed to victims
and provides general measures of protection in criminal and administrative proceedings. 213
Article 19 contains a number of important rights such as the right to be informed of their rights as
well as the right to be heard.214 It also contains a provision requiring States to provide effective
measures for the safety of victims, as well as that of their families, from intimidation and
retaliation.215
In order to reduce the number of human rights violations related to trafficking in human
organs, the CoE Convention focuses on the punishment of the illicit acts. One of the ways to
punish crime is to impose sanctions upon criminal offences. Since the CoE Convention is the
only instrument dealing specifically with trafficking in human organs, it is necessary to outline

208

S. Meyer, supra n. 23, p. 213.
Ibid.
210
CoE Convention, Art. 18 (a) and (b).
211
Ibid., Art.18 (c); Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs,
supra n. 135, p. 17.
212
Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs, supra n. 135, p.
17.
213
CoE Convention, Art.19.
214
Ibid., Arts. 19 (1a and 1b).
215
Ibid., Art.19(1d).
209

40

the aggravating circumstances before addressing the sanctions that it imposes to its State Parties.
According to Article 13 of the CoE Convention, the aggravating circumstances must go beyond
the "constituent elements" of the offence. 216 This provision applies, in addition to the illicit
removal of organs, if: the victim suffered severe physical or mental harm, 217 an individual abused
his particular position, 218 the act was performed under the umbrella of a criminal entity, 219 the
offender had previously been convicted of such an offence, 220 or the victim was a minor or in a
vulnerable condition.221 As to the sanctions, Article 12 (1) states that all criminal offences
mentioned in the CoE Convention must be punished with effective, proportionate and dissuasive
sanctions. 222 This provision implies the Convention is a “suppression convention”. 223 In fact, it
means that the Convention “leaves scope for variation in the punishments that states use while
avoiding the possibility of sham punishments through a threshold of efficacy”. 224
Overall, the measures provided within the CoE Convention show a comprehensive regime
for combatting trafficking in human organs. 225 However, while prosecution is crucial because it
reflects a society’s intolerance for specific crimes and may be a deterrent to future crimes,
punishment does little to reduce the amount of crime. 226

216

CoE Convention, Art.13.
Ibid, Art. 13(a).
218
Ibid, Art. 13(b).
219
Ibid, Art. 13(c).
220
Ibid, Art. 13(d).
221
Ibid., Art.13(e).
222
Ibid., Art. 12(1).
223
David Murphy, Transnational Crime or Informal Economy: A Critical Analysis of the Convention against
Trafficking in Human Organs , 3 Edinburgh Student L. Rev. 28 (2017)., p. 32.
224
Ibid., taken from: S. McGuinness and J. McHale, "Transnational crimes related to health: how should the law
respond to the illicit organ tourism?" (2014) 34(4) Legal Studies, 682-708 at 699.
225
David Murphy, supra n. 221, p. 33.
226
D. Budiani-Saberi, S. Columb, supra n. 12.
217

41

4

COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS

BETWEEN THE FRAMEWORKS OF

TRAFFICKING IN HUMAN BEINGS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ORGAN REMOVAL
AND TRAFFICKING IN HUMAN ORGANS
4.1 Overlaps between the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention
The Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention provisions intersect when the actor of an
illicit organ removal is a living donor. It is important to note that these two frameworks on human
trafficking and organ trafficking are based on the same principles when defining and establishing
the crime of illegal organ removal, that is, on the absence of free consent and the involvement of
a financial profit in exchange for an organ. 227
From the previous analyses, it is clear that the elements of trafficking in human organs to
in many ways show certain similarities with the elements of trafficking in persons for the purpose
of organ removal. To be more precise, the CoE Convention breaks down the constituent elements
given in the definition of the Palermo Protocol and considers as separate offences: 1) the
recruitment and solicitation of a person with the aim of organ removal that can be found in the
action element of human trafficking; 2) the removal of organs without valid consent; 3) the
removal of organs which occurs in exchange for monetary gain or comparable advantage. 228
One of the underlying principles of the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention is the
freedom of donor’s consent. Therefore, the obvious overlap is seen in cases when an organ is
removed without a living donor’s valid consent. In order to verify the validity of the consent, the
CoE Convention and Palermo Protocol include their own criteria. In cases where free consent is
given, trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal can still be established if it can be
proved that the consent is irrelevant, while for establishing trafficking in human organs the
consent needs to be invalid. 229
To begin with the Palermo Protocol, it was noted that if one of the means given in the
definition is present, the consent of the donor becomes automatically irrelevant. 230 In the case of
227

Sylwia Gawronska, Organ trafficking and human trafficking for the purpose of organ removal, two international
legal frameworks against illicit organ removal, New Journal of European Criminal Law 2019, Vol. 10(3) 268–286, at
p. 280.
228
This paragraph is based on the article of S. Gawronska, ibid.
229
Ibid., p. 281.
230
Palermo Protocol, Art.3.

42

child organ trafficking, the Protocol allows to ignore the means element for constituting a crime.
As soon as the three elements are fulfilled, including the coercive and deceptive means for
recruiting and exploiting an adult victim, human trafficking offence is established, despite the
fact that a donor deliberately agreed to the organ removal. 231
With regard to the CoE Convention, the validity of consent is based on the general
principles of transplant regulations. 232 That is to say, the consent of the organ donor has to be
free, informed and specific to the organ removal procedure, otherwise the consent is considered
invalid.233 Subsequently, when the consent is deemed irrelevant in accordance with the Palermo
Protocol, it will also be invalid for cases of trafficking in human organs, since the use of coercive
and deceptive means to recruit a donor will make the consent involuntary and uninformed. 234 In
this event, both organ trafficking frameworks would be applicable for the protection of the
victims.
In a situation when a person is convinced of gaining financial profit in exchange for an
organ, it is worth considering how both organ trafficking instruments overlap. Within the scope
of the CoE Convention, the promise of payment for an organ is considered as an offence of illicit
organ removal which does not take into account the consent of a donor. 235 Similarly, when the act
elements of trafficking in human organs in relation to a living donor are established, 236 and the
promise of payments is present which in turn neglects a vulnerable position of a potential victim,
the crime can also be regarded as trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ
removal. 237 The Palermo Protocol contains no explicit reference to the prohibition of payment for
the organ exchange, instead, it is mostly concerned with an individual’s position of vulnerability.
However, the vulnerability of a person is controlled by a promise of payment for the purpose of
organ removal. While a person trafficked for domestic servitude is paid and still can be regarded

231

Palermo Protocol, Art.3, See also: Sylwia Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 281.
This is because the CoE Convention is based on the definition of consent given in Article 5 of the Convention on
Human Rights and Biomedicine, supra n. 24.
233
CoE Convention, Art.4(1a).
234
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 281.
235
CoE Convention, Art.4(1b).
236
The act element for the trafficking in human organ in relation to living donors can include, for example, in
addition to recruitment and solicitation, the transportation of a donor to some sort of medical facility where the organ
removal will be conducted (in case of travelling to another country: the transportation to the arranged hotel, safe
house or a transplant medical centre). See: S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 281.
237
Ibid.
232

43

as a victim of human trafficking, likewise, the receipt of payment by organ donors does not
exclude cases from being exploitative. 238
Another scenario, when trafficking in human organs and trafficking in persons for the
purpose of organ removal coincides, includes a situation when the monetary gain is offered in
exchange for an organ, but the illicit means specified in the definition of the Palermo Protocol are
omitted in the domestic laws of a State due to being regarded as aggravating circumstances. 239 In
this regard, the crime can be considered as the trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal, if other elements, namely the element of act (i.e. recruitment, harbouring or
transportation of the organ donor) as well as the intention to exploit a person (i.e. removal of an
organ) are proved.240 The same act is also considered as trafficking in human organs if the intent
is to illicitly remove an organ. 241 Therefore, the lack of clarity of the means element in the
definition of human trafficking may lead to an overlap in the application of protection to the
victims with the framework on trafficking in human organs.
The last overlap between the CoE Convention and the Palermo Protocol can be seen in
the solicitation and recruitment of a living donor for the purpose of illegally obtaining an
organ.242 It is already known from the previous chapter that in cases of trafficking in human
organs, solicitation and recruitment are directly related to the achievement of financial benefits
for a person who solicits and recruits, or for a third party. 243 Simultaneously, trafficking in human
beings for the purpose of organ removal framework, which considers recruitment under the act
element of the definition, defines it as “any activity leading from the commitment or engagement
of another individual to his or her exploitation.”244 Compared to trafficking in human organs, it is
not sufficient to establish an act of recruitment in order to constitute the trafficking in persons for
the purpose of organ removal. As provided in the definition, the coercive and deceptive means
must be present during the recruitment process with the intent of exploiting a living donor. 245 In
this event, the recruitment falls within the scope of human trafficking as it entails the abuse of a
238

D. Budiani-Saberi, S. Columb, supra n. 103.
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 281.
240
Ibid.
241
Ibid. p. 282.
242
Ibid.
243
CoE Convention, Art.7(1).
244
Coe/UN study, supra n. 18, p. 78.
245
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 282.
239

44

donor’s position of vulnerability. 246 This can be explained by the fact that people would not have
agreed to organ removal in normal circumstances if the conditions were less pressing. 247
Consequently, even if the means element is unclear, but there is a clear intent of exploitation, the
crime can be considered under the both frameworks. 248
4.2 Special Features of the Protection Provided by the Palermo Protocol and the CoE
Convention
4.2.1 Application of the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention in Cases of
Organ Trafficking
Obviously, the potential for overlapping of the two frameworks’ provisions is contingent
upon how they are implemented in the domestic laws of the corresponding State Parties. To
ensure full compliance with their international obligations, State Parties need to amend or modify
their domestic criminal law.249 The Palermo Protocol allows Member States to adopt their own
definitions of human trafficking which fits with their institutional and judicial systems, 250 so it
can be somewhat difficult to divide a clear line between trafficking in human organs and
trafficking in persons. In cases where abuse of a position of vulnerability is not defined as an
illicit means in the definition of human trafficking and no other means are apparent, the
prosecution of human trafficking may become challenging. 251 In this case, it would be much
simpler to demonstrate an offence under the trafficking in human organs framework. The
implementation of the CoE Convention will not have significant differences in European states
that already provide a strictly regulated transplantation system in their national laws. 252 However,
as most cases of organ trafficking take place outside Europe,253 it is more difficult to incorporate
provisions of the CoE Convention in countries with less harsh punishments for a breach of
transplantation systems.

246

S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 282.
D. Budiani-Saberi, S. Columb, supra n. 103.
248
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 282.
249
A. Pietrobon, Challenges in Implementing the European Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs,
Leiden Journal of International Law vol. 29, no. 2, (June 2016): 485-502, at p. 487.
250
Laura L. Shoaps, supra n. 29, p. 950.
251
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 282.
252
A. Pietrobon, supra n. 247, p. 487.
253
Coe/UN study, supra n. 18, p. 57.
247

45

If the abuse of position of vulnerability is involved, the donor’s personal circumstances
are taken into account when considering whether the consent was voluntary. For example, if a
person agreed to exploitation and there was no explicit physical coercion and financial gain, the
conduct will be considered voluntary. 254 That being the case, it is necessary to scrutinise whether
the donor was in a vulnerable position.255
Human trafficking offence is commonly established in cases where the donor was in such
economic desperation that he had no other choice but to accept the money offered. 256 Under such
circumstances, organ sale is considered a trafficking offence irrespective of the consent.257 This
reasoning was confirmed in a recent case in Kosovo where the judges ascertained:
…the person who had come to Kosovo to donate their organs did not do so to assist
a family member or for any of the usual reasons that people in a civilised society
chose freely to donate their organs. They did so because of their position of
vulnerability. To suggest that a person would travel to a foreign country, endanger
their health through such invasive procedure on the say so of a stranger runs (if they
were not in a position of vulnerability) contrary to common sense. 258
Conversely, if it is not possible to establish that a person indeed acted out of financial
despair that prompted him or her to commit the offence of selling an organ, it would be highly
unlikely to constitute the crime without the proof of the abuse of a position of vulnerability. The
lack of evidence of direct illicit means such as coercion or use of force contributes to the
complication of investigation of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal. That is
why, instead of proving the three constituent elements of the Palermo Protocol, it is much easier
to prosecute traffickers and provide protection for victims in accordance with the CoE
Convention, which practically requires the involvement of an act of illegal organ removal carried
out without valid consent and for lucrative purposes. In addition to this reason, since the illicit
removal of organs is commonly prosecuted under the criminal law provisions of national
transplant regulation, there is a more plausibility that the offence will be deemed under
254

S. Gawronska, supra n.37, p. 282.
Ibid.
256
Ibid. p.283. See also:
257
D. Budiani-Saberi, S. Columb, supra n.12, p.5.
258
Eulex. Medicus Case. 2011.KA278/20, P 309/10,KA309/10, P 340/10.
255

46

trafficking in human organs framework, even though human trafficking norms can also be
applied. 259 However, in cases where all or part of the illicit acts are committed outside the
territory of the Contracting States, a question arises as to which domestic law will be applied in
the assessment of the validity of the consent. 260 Since the CoE Convention leaves states free to
determine the issue of consent in accordance with their domestic law, 261 should the assessment be
based on the laws of the country in which the organ is removed, or in the country in which the
proceedings are being conducted?262 In answering to this question, the end result should be fully
consistent with the object and purpose of the CoE Convention, international law and relevant
treaties on the protection of human rights. 263
4.2.2 Important Issues Regarding the Identification of Victims
In circumstances where the illegal organ removal falls within the ambit of both the
Palermo Protocol and CoE Convention, the decision to prosecute an offence as trafficking in
persons or trafficking in organs impacts, first and foremost, the actors involved. Both
corresponding instruments impose criminal liability for those who are engaged in the
exploitation, but since domestic laws of Each State are different, the relevant penalties are
accordingly different. However, trafficking in human organs bears a less severe punishment than
trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal since the latter is concerned with
respect to the physical exploitation of a living donor through illicit means and, therefore, entails
stricter punishments.264
As to the donor victims, the choice of framework certainly affects the protection afforded
to them. Individuals who are identified as victims of trafficking in human beings for the purpose
of organ removal are not regarded as criminals for receiving financial or other comparable
advantages in compensation for the organs removed.265 This is explained by the fact that they had
no other alternatives but to do so as a consequence of being trafficked. Moreover, in cases where
donors themselves undertake the recruitment of selling the organs or contact the brokers, they
259

S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 283.
A. Pietrobon, supra n. 247, at p. 493.
261
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 283; Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking
in Human Organs, supra n. 135, at para. 111.
262
A. Pietrobon, supra n. 189, at p. 493.
263
Ibid.
264
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 283.
265
Ibid.
260

47

will still be considered victims if one of the means provided for in the definition of human
trafficking under the Palermo Protocol will be proved.266 Being a victim of human trafficking
will make them entitled to the protection afforded by the Palermo Protocol outlined in the second
Chapter of the present thesis.
The same cannot be said for victims of trafficking in human organs. It is still unclear
whether donors are entitled to protection as victims whose organs are trafficked or whether they
are prosecuted as criminals for engaging in an illicit act.267 States that impose criminal law
provisions on violations of domestic transplantation legislations consider selling and buying
organs as a crime, and therefore organ donors who have received any financial benefit are most
likely to be prosecuted.268 The CoE Convention leaves this issue to the discretion of states to
decide in accordance with their national laws. 269 However, as noted in previous chapters, the
potential of being held criminally liable for the sale of organs may compel organ donors to avoid
reporting abuses to national authorities where such violations would amount to trafficking. 270 The
organ trafficking affects those individuals whose personal circumstances are already
compromised. 271 Since trafficking in human organs does include exploiting people’s vulnerable
situation, 272 criminalisation of victims is contrary to the concept of human-rights approach.
The identification of organ donors as victims would be much easier if they were forced or
deceived to do so, or if their position of vulnerability was abused. 273 In this case, one can
consider organ donors as victims of human trafficking. Whereas the CoE Convention leaves
room for prosecution, human trafficking framework may be used to grant the protection for
victims who are exploited by organ removal. However, the fact that they decide to sell organs due
to financial distress and can face the negative consequences that follow the organ removal does
not necessarily imply organ sellers to be considered as victims of human trafficking. 274 In fact, it

266

S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 283.
Ibid.
268
Ibid.
269
Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs, supra n. 135, at
para. 37.
270
S. Columb, F. Ambagtsheer, M. Bos, et al., supra n. 192, p. 211.
271
D. Budiani-Saberi, S. Columb, supra n.12, p.9.
272
Silke Meyer supra n.22, p.228.
273
Farhan Navid Yousaf and Bandana Purkayastha, ‘Social world of organ transplantation, trafficking, and policies’,
Journal of Public Health Policy Vol. 37(2), 190–199, at p.193.
274
S. Columb, supra n. 192, at p. 210.
267

48

remains unclear whether trafficking in human organs entails all the elements provided in the
definition of the Palermo Protocol.275 This is due to the reason that there are very few studies on
the modus operandi of this crime. Therefore, it may be unproblematic to identify organ donors of
trafficking human organs when the coercive or deceptive means are used to convince them into
selling the organs. However, in cases where it is not sufficiently evident whether transaction
involves abuse of a position of vulnerability or any other consent invalidating means, the victims
are at risk of prosecution.276
While trafficking in human organs and trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal do overlap, the Palermo Protocol’s domain indicates that the organized crime is the root
cause of trafficking. 277 The picture behind the crime is usually poor socio-economic realities that
force vulnerable individuals to become victims of persistent abuse. 278 That is to say, organ
shortage lies at the core of the cause of organ trafficking, irrespective of whether an organ is
separately trafficked, or a human being is trafficked for the purpose of organ removal. 279 In this
event, the Palermo Protocol punishes for the manifestation of the demand instead of eliminating
the reasons for its supply. 280 Although the main contribution of the Palermo Protocol is that it
harmonised all forms of human trafficking within its scope, including organ removal, it is often
questioned for its efficacy. 281 According to the recent report prepared by the UNODC, an overall
positive improvement can be seen in the implementation of the Protocol. 282 The report remarked
that the conviction rate and the number of victims of human trafficking identified have increased
drastically over the last years.283 However, the number of detected victims of trafficking for the
purpose of organ removal remains still relatively low. 284 This means that organ trafficking

275

S. Columb, supra n. 192, at p. 210.
S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 284.
277
Jonathan Todres, Widening Our Lens: Incoporating Essential Perspectives in the Fight Against Human
Trafficking, at p.647. See also: Emily Kelly, supra n. 29, p. 1339.
278
Emily Kelly, supra n. 29.
279
Alireza Bagheri, Child organ trafficking: global reality and inadequate international response, Med Health Care
and Philos (2016) 19:239–246, at p.239.
280
Janie Chuang, Beyond a Snapshot: Preventing Human Trafficking in the Global Economy, 13 IND. J. GLOBAL
LEGAL STUD. (2006), at p.138.
281
Elizabeth M. Bruch, Models Wanted: The Search for an Effective Response to Human Trafficking, 40 STAN. J.
INT' 1 L. (2004) at pp. 16-18; Jonathan Todres, supra n. 275, at p. 55.
282
UNODC, Global Report on Trafficking in Persons 2018, supra n. 87.
283
Ibid. p. 7.
284
Ibid, p. 30.
276

49

remains poorly understood and ill-defined and only a small aspect of crime is apparent in official
reports.285
Since the Palermo Protocol does not take into consideration socio-economic conditions of
victims but instead places a heavy emphasis on prosecution and criminalisation, victims may be
subjected to subsequent abuse and victimisation. 286 It can also be noted that the prohibition of
organ selling, on the contrary, contributed to an increase in the demand for transplant tourism. 287
Therefore, the CoE Convention was adopted with the hope to compensate the shortcomings in the
human trafficking framework. Since the criminalisation of traffickers yielded any significant
results and the national measures have proven to reduce organ shortages,288 the CoE Convention
has included the preventive provisions necessary to prevent trafficking in human organs at the
domestic level. More precisely, it requires State Parties to address some of the root causes of
trafficking in human organs, for example, by ensuring the existence of a transparent domestic
system for the transplantation organs. 289
4.2.3 Weak Protection of Human Rights and Focus on Criminalisation
Being the first binding international instrument in the field of human trafficking, the
Palermo Protocol has been criticised mainly for focusing on the criminalisation of traffickers,
even though assisting victims is one of the equally important aims. 290 The criminal focus
primarily affected the wording and language used within the document. 291 This can be seen in the
provisions related to the protection and assistance of victims which are not formulated in the
mandatory language.292 The lack of obligatory provisions for the protection of victims leads to an

285

David Murphy, supra n. 221, p. 35.
A. Aronowitz, supra n. 95, p. 88. Emily Kelly, supra n. 29, at p. 1340.
287
Leslie P. Francis & John G. Francis, Stateless Crimes, Legitimacy, and International Criminal Law: The Case of
Organ Trafficking, 4 CRIM. L. & IHIi. (2010). at 289.
288
See Ranee Khooshie Lal Panjabi, The Sum of a Human's Parts: Global Ogan Trafficking in the Twenty-First
Century, 28 PAc ENvrI, L. Rrv. (2010), at p. 5 ("Despite a plethora of laws and regulations, the trafficking of human
organs persists and prevails worldwide…"); Cody Corley, Money as a Motivator: The Cure to Our Nation's Organ
Shortage, 11 Hous.J. HEAnTH L. & Poj'y (2011), at pp. 99-100 (("[O]rgan trafficking and illegal payments will
continue as long as the demand exceeds the supply."); taken from Emily Kelly, supra n. 29, p. 1341.
289
CoE Convention, Art.21, See also: Explanatory report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in
Human Organs, supra n. 135, p. 20.
290
J. Todres, supra n. 275, at p. 643.
291
A. Aronowitz, supra n. 95, p. 88.
292
Palermo Protocol, Arts. 5-7.
286

50

unbalanced approach for addressing human trafficking as well as to a weaker commitment on the
parts of States for protecting victims’ rights.293
By contrast, the CoE Convention establishes a clear and mandatory obligation for States
to provide protection for the rights and interests of victims. Although it contains a very limited
list of rights, some rights such as victims’ rights to access information related to their case,
protection of their health and their right to compensation shall be provided in the domestic laws
of each state. In other words, States are required to provide those mentioned rights to victims of
trafficking in human organs not only in appropriate cases and to the extent possible under their
domestic laws as compared to the provisions of the Palermo Protocol. Owing to the fact that the
latter instrument was developed within the framework of an organised crime, the reason why it
pays too much attention to criminalisation is more than obvious. Nevertheless, by focusing at the
same time on the fight against organised crime and human trafficking, States may encounter
difficulties in distinguishing between human trafficking and migrant smuggling, 294 which in turn
can lead to the wrongful criminalisation, detention or deportation of victims. The consequences
of the failure to identify the organ donors as victims are examined in detail in the following
chapter.
Although the CoE Convention is distinguished in terms of its scope which is entirely
focused on organ trafficking, it has not gone far from the Palermo Protocol, as the main focus
remains also on the criminalisation of the illicit use of human organs. Despite several suggestions
to adopt a more victim-focused framework,295 international community have again taken a
predominantly criminal law-focused approach when adopting the CoE Convention to tackle the
crime of organ trafficking. Moreover, the main shortage of the CoE Convention is that it faces an
obstacle in its geographical sphere. As noted previously, non-Member States of the Council of
Europe can access treaty upon invitation by the Committee of Ministers. Obviously, the more
states sign the treaty, the more victims can be protected from crimes related to trafficking in

293

Laura L. Shoaps, supra n. 33, p. 947.
Janie Chuang, supra n. 278. at pp. 147-48.
295
A. Aronowitz, supra n. 95, p. 89. Emily Kelly, supra n. 29.
294

51

organs. However, at the time of writing the thesis, sixteen countries have signed the CoE
Convention, nine of which have ratified it. 296
Notwithstanding the adherence to human rights, both instruments lack a proper
commitment to human rights approach. As the Palermo Protocol lacks mandatory obligation for
the protection of victims and the CoE Convention leaves a loophole for States to criminalise
organ donors, it can be said that prosecution is prioritised over the protection of victims to the
prevention of trafficking.297 However, as Gallagher noted, the disappointment in the
commitments of protection and support for victims cannot be considered catastrophic, since that
flaw can be compensated by other legal developments.298 For example, international human
rights law regimes at universal and regional levels can be applied to provide substantial
protections to fill the remaining gaps left by these two corresponding frameworks. Moreover,
there are heavy arguments supporting the criminal justice focus in the trafficking instruments.299
One of which is concerned with the likelihood of a reluctance on the part of states to view
trafficking solely through the prism of human rights treaties. 300 The adoption of another human
rights treaty on trafficking could have led to a limited number of political supports. 301
With regard to the enforcement of the provisions contained in the corresponding
instruments, there is a clear downside on this point. While the Palermo Protocol is overseen by
the Conference of the Parties to its parent Convention that meets annually, 302 the CoE
Convention established the Committee of the Parties which undertakes follow-up tasks at the
request of at least one third of the Member States.303 Given that a strong and reliable international
compliance mechanism is a crucial aspect of international legal regulation, those mentioned
296

Chart of signatures and ratifications of Treaty 216, Status as of 01/07/2020, available at:
https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list/-/conventions/treaty/216/signatures?p_auth=0bPQSbHQ
297
See: Laura L. Shoaps, supra n. 33.
298
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 2.
299
Such arguments are based on the inherent political, legal and structural weaknesses of the international human
rights system. When trafficking and its related practices belonged exclusively to the scope of the international human
rights law system, states could not produce a common definition, not to mention specific legal obligations, until the
adoption of the Palermo Protocol. Moreover, Gallagher assumes that if this issue had stayed within the realms of the
human rights system, international community would still be lacking a definition and an international treaty on
trafficking. A T Gallagher, supra n. 66, p.4.
300
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 27.
301
A T Gallagher, supra n. 66, p.4.
302
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, United Nations Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime
and the Protocols Thereto, Art. 32(1).
303
CoE Convention, Ch. 4.

52

oversight mechanisms are not sufficiently comparable to a human rights body or a similar judicial
body.304 Enforced mechanisms provided by these two instruments do not receive individual
communications, do not monitor the compliance or review the implementation of the legal
instruments. Therefore, international human rights law systems can play a significant role in
assisting victims of both phenomena to seek protection.

304

A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 27.

53

5

ORGAN TRAFFICKING IN THE CONTEXT OF HUMAN RIGHTS

5.1 Human Rights of Victims of Organ Trafficking
It is indisputable that any form of trafficking in persons entails serious human rights
violations. As noted in previous chapters, the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention, in
addition to criminal law provisions, contain substantive human rights dimensions regarding the
protection and assistance of victims. Thus, organ donors can be considered not only as ‘victims
of trafficking’, but also ‘victims of human rights violations’. 305 It is unreasonable to expect that
the organ trafficking frameworks will encompass the protection for all the violated rights of
victims, since the purpose of these specialised tools is to provide the immediate protection
necessary after the trafficking incident. Moreover, despite the fact that those anti-trafficking
instruments addressing organ removal focus on victim protection and assistance, it cannot be said
that all provisions related to victim protection therein can be regarded as victim’s human
rights.306 In order for victims to enforce their rights, violations must be attributed to the breach of
state obligations arising from binding human rights instruments. Therefore, the additional
protection can be sought from the relevant international law mechanisms and international human
rights law acts as a supplementary tool for the existing anti-trafficking efforts. It plays a crucial
role in providing the protection for the victims, despite the fact that the existing international
human rights instruments do not directly addresses organ trafficking. 307 Nevertheless, it is
generally accepted that trafficking is in itself a violation of human rights under international

See, about victims of trafficking in persons: Susan Kneebone and Julie Debeljak in ‘Transnational Crime and
Human Rights: Responses to Human Trafficking in the Greater Mekong Subregion’ at p. 212 and about victims of
trafficking in human organs: Alexander M. Capron, Preventing Trafficking in Organs for Transplantation: An
Important Facet of the Fight Against Human Trafficking, April 2015, Journal of Human Trafficking, 1:56–64, 2015,
at p. 61.
According to the UN’s General Assembly’s ‘Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and
Reparation’, victims of gross violations of international human rights law are ‘persons who individually or
collectively suffered harm, including physical or mental injury, emotional suffering, economic loss or substantial
impairment of their fundamental rights, through acts or omissions that constitute gross violations of international
human rights law, or serious violations of international humanitarian law. Where appropriate, and in accordance with
domestic law, the term “victim” also includes the immediate family or dependants of the direct victim and persons
who have suffered harm in intervening to assist victims in distress or to prevent victimization.’. at para.8.
306
Marija Jovanovic, The Principle of Non-Punishment of Victims of Trafficking in Human Beings: A Quest for
Rationale and Practical Guidance, Journal of Trafficking and Human Exploitation, VOL. 1, NR. 1, 41-76 (2017) at
p.51.
307
With the exception of the Optional Protocol on the Rights of the Child on the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution
and Child Pornography (2000) which includes a provision prohibiting the transfer of organs of the child for profit
and requires States to criminalize such conduct. Art 3.1(b).
305

54

law.308 This can help the right holders to seek protection from relevant human rights norms and
principles. Whereas the universality of the applicability of human rights law to all persons,
including trafficked persons as well as individuals whose organs are trafficked, is undeniable, the
means to achieve human right guarantees can vary and be contextually determined. 309
Since human rights are bound in various ways with the crime of organ trafficking, this
chapter examines the rights that are breached by organ trafficking in the light of numerous
international human rights instruments aimed at protecting the rights of all human beings. In such
a way, it attempts to find out whether the human rights protection is different, as claimed by both
types of victims of organ trafficking. In order to constitute a violation of human rights, it is
necessary to prove that the State is unable or unwilling to provide protection to victims of organ
trafficking. In cases when different non-state actors are in charge of the committed crime, the
redress for the violated rights has to be linked to the failure of the positive obligation of states.
Failure to prevent, investigate, prosecute the organ trafficking leads to the violation of “due
diligence” standard.310 This means that the protection of victims triggers state responsibility if
state is held accountable for breaches of its obligations under the relevant international human
rights treaties.311
Trafficking in human beings has much in common with trafficking in human organs when
it comes to the breached rights of victims as a consequence of the organ removal. While different
rights will be relevant at different stages of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal, similar rights of victims whose organs are trafficked can also be infringed, even though
the latter form of trafficking occurs in relation to the activities of transportation, storage and
transfer of the human organs.
The prohibition of organ trafficking can be traced back to non-binding, but authoritative
human rights instrument, namely the UDHR which emphasised in its preamble that “inherent
dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the
foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world.”312 Human dignity is compromised by
308

UN, Office of the High Commissioner, Fact Sheet No.36, Human Rights and Human Trafficking, at p. 5.
Commentary, Recommended Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights and Human Trafficking, supra n. 46.
310
Ibid., p. 77.
311
Ibid., p. 34.
312
Universal Declaration of Human Rights (ratified 10 December 1948), Preamble.
309

55

organ trafficking which stimulates the exploitation of individuals and turns them into mere
commodities. 313 Taking into account that “the rights derive from the inherent dignity of the
human person”314 as well as that organ trafficking is of secret nature, the lives of both trafficked
persons and individuals whose organs are trafficked are in danger when there is a high risk to
their health due to the incorrect or poor medical supervision during or after the removal of
organs. As the exploitation is based on the vulnerability and despair of the donor victims, it is
possible that due to the absence of safety guarantees required by the legal transplant system,
organ donors are deprived of special pre or post-operative care.315 Consequently, the negligent
removal of the organs affects the victims’ health and causes a risk to their life. 316 In this context,
both victims of organ trafficking can claim protection for the violation of their right to life under
numerous core international human rights instruments such as, for example, Article 6 of the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), Article 5(b) of the International
Covenant on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ICERD), Article 6 of the
Convention on the Rights of Child (CRC), and Article 9 of the International Convention on the
Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families (ICRMW). 317
The right to life is considered the most fundamental of all rights inherent in all human beings.
Moreover, it is well established that the right to life is the prerequisite for the enjoyment of all
other human rights.318 However, given that the use of violence and the ill treatment of victims are
common features of trafficking,319 a major harm to the lives of victims of organ trafficking can be
inflicted by the conducts of cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment for the sake of
selfish gain of the traffickers. In this context, the victim’s human right to be free from torture and
other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment is provided for in Article 7 of the
ICCPR, Articles 2, 4 and 16 of the Convention against Torture (CAT), Article 37 of the CRC,
313

See: Roberto Andorno, supra n. 88.
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 999 UNTS 171 (opened for signature 16 December 1966,
entered into force 23 March 1976), Preamble; International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 993
UNTS 3 (opened for signature 16 December 1966, entered into force 3 January 1976), Preamble.
315
S. Meyer, supra n. 23, p. 222.
316
Ibid.
317
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 1966, entered into force: 1977; International Covenant on the
Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination 1965, entered into force: 1969; Convention on the Rights of Child
1989, entered into force: 1990; International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and
Members of Their Families 1990, entered into force: 2003.
318
Yuval
Shany,
Chair
of
the
Human
Rights
Committee.
Availnable
at:
https://www.ohchr.org/EN/NewsEvents/Pages/DisplayNews.aspx?NewsID=23809&LangID=E (last visited: 30
March 2020).
319
ECtHR, Rantsev v Cyprus and Russia, para. 252.
314

56

and Article 10 of the ICRMW. 320 At the regional level, the European Convention on Human
Rights (ECHR, Article 3), American Convention on Human Rights (Article 5) and African
Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights (Banjul Charter (Art. 5) also contain a prohibition of
torture or other ill-treatment.321 Most importantly, the prohibition of torture and other forms of
ill-treatment is binding for all States, regardless of whether the relevant international human
rights treaties have been signed or ratified, since this right is unanimously recognised as a
peremptory norm of international law. 322 However, it should be noted that the acts that amount to
a prohibition of torture and other forms of ill-treatment may vary depending on the system in
which the elements are determined. Following considers how this right can be applied to each
types of organ trafficking.
In the case of victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal, the
actions such as recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt may cause victims so
much pain and distress that such acts could amount to inhuman or degrading treatment. 323 The
coercive means element given in the definition may also involve the conducts of inhumane or
degrading treatment, due to being specifically aimed at breaking the will of the victim. 324 As for
the purpose element, the removal of organs is certainly engages cruel or other forms of illtreatment if the actual exploitation is carried out by employing the degree of suffering to the
victim. However, the establishment of torture may require the combination of all these elements
with the specific intent in order to achieve a certain level of severity that would amount to a
violation.325 Obviously, the test that is applied to determine what constitutes ‘severe’ is a
subjective one and such a decision can only be reached taking into account the specific

320

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman o Degrading Treatment or Punishment 1984/1987.
European Convention on Human Rights 1950/1953; American Convention on Human Rights 1969/1978 (also
known as the Pact of San José); African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights 1981/1986.
322
OSCE Office of the Special Representative and Co-ordinator for Combating Trafficking in Human Beings in
partnership with the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute of Human Rights and the Helen Bamber Foundation, Trafficking in
Human Beings Amounting to Torture and other Forms of Ill-treatment, Occasional Paper Series no. 5 (June 2013), at
p. 14.
323
Andrei Lutenco, The extent of state obligations in preventing and combating trafficking in human beings:
challenges and perspectives for a European human rights-based approach, Central European University, 2012, p. 43.
324
Ibid., p. 43.
325
The CAT identifies torture as “any act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is
intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as obtaining from him or a third person information or a
confession, punishing him for an act he or a third person has committed or is suspected of having committed, or
intimidating or coercing him or a third person, or for any reason based on discrimination of any kind, when such pain
or suffering is inflicted by or at the instigation of or with the consent or acquiescence of a public official or other
person acting in an official capacity.”
321

57

circumstances of the crime.326 Nevertheless, the ability to claim the protection from torture,
inhuman or degrading treatment, which may occur at any stage of organ trafficking, can indeed
be essential for the fate of the victims.
With regard to trafficking in human organs, victims may be subjected to inhuman or
degrading treatment irrespective of whether their organs are voluntarily sold or forcibly taken.
The free will of a donor to sell an organ may occur as a consequence of hiding by traffickers the
correct information about any health-related issues that could potentially endanger his or her
life. 327 As mentioned above, victims lack adequate medical care during and following organ
removal, so the lack of sanitary conditions may aggravate the conditions under which the removal
will qualify as inhuman treatment.
As to the other rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
(ICESCR) guarantees "the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard
of physical and mental health".328 Furthermore, victims’ inability to make a free and informed
choice regarding the organ donation helps them to claim the right to self-determination which is
provided by the ICCPR and ICESCR.329
The difference between the victims of trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal and trafficking in human organs at this point is that in the latter form of organ trafficking
the decision to sell an organ due to the poverty can hardly be attributed to the state conduct,
whereas the same conduct under the trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ removal
which comprises coercive or deceptive ways into donating an organ may entail the breach of state
obligations. 330 Moreover, the ban on the sale of organs is not stringently enforced by many
states.331
As to the organs that are trafficked without the valid consent from the victims of
trafficking in human organs, the conditions in which the victims are kept against their will and
326

Andrei Lutenco, supra n. 323.
Ibid.
328
International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 1966/1976, Article 12; See also: Schang-chin
Lai, Reducing Organ Trafficking: New Zealand's International and Domestic Responsibilities, 2013, p. 9, available
at: https://researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz/xmlui/bitstream/handle/10063/3383/thesis.pdf?sequence=2 (last accessed:
22.03.2020)
329
Article 1 of both Covenants.
330
Shang-Chin Lai, supra n. 328.
331
Ibid.
327

58

the degree of suffering inflicted by the removal of organs are the prerequisites to constitute the
violation of the right to life or the prohibition of torture or other forms of ill-treatment. As torture
can have an end goal, the evident example of the violation of the prohibition of torture is
constituted in the illegal harvesting of organs from executed prisoners who are convicted to the
death penalty in China. 332 The Tribunal into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of
Conscience in China confirmed that there are objectives (e.g. the intent of destroying the
members of certain groups as a whole or in part) other than the purely commercial purpose of
harvesting and selling organs.333
The issue of premature withdrawal of life support or treatment is also worth noting in the
context of trafficking in human organs. Commercial transaction may be the reason behind the
termination of the life of donors in order to save someone else’s life. In this case, the whole range
of human rights is violated including the right to freedom of expression, right to respect for
personal and family life. In addition, the ICCPR includes a provision which prohibits any medical
or scientific experimentation without the free consent.334
As it can be seen, organ trafficking can violate both of the absolute rights and other
fundamental human rights and freedoms of victims. A distinctive feature of the right to life and
prohibition of torture and other forms of ill-treatment is that they do not allow any limitations in
normal circumstances, and states are not allowed to derogate from the obligations owned by these
rights even in situations which threaten the life of the nation. 335 The establishment of a violation
of the prohibition of torture and other forms of ill-treatment in the case of organ trafficking would
lead to the determination of specific non-derogable obligations under international law, as well as
the application of certain principles that are directly related to the protection of victims of organ
trafficking, namely the principle of non-refoulement.336 This principle plays a significant role in

332

Independent Tribunal Into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China, supra n. 199, at para.
173-175.
333
Ibid., at para. 173. The Tribunal concluded that organ harvesting from the Falun Gong and Uyghurs amounts to
the crime against humanity due to the widespread and systematic attacks directed to these members of the groups, at
para. 186.
334
Art 7, ICCPR
335
General comment No. 36 (2018) on article 6 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on the
right to life, at para. 2.
336
Andrei Lutenco, supra n. 323, p. 41.

59

the protection of victims, as it directly affects the outcome of all other provided human rights
protections.
In this context, some victims or potential victims of organ trafficking may be entitled to
international refugee protection where the principle of non-refoulement can be exercised. This is,
for example, confirmed in the Palermo Protocol’s saving clause. 337 However, in order for victims
of organ trafficking to be considered as refugees, they must have a well-founded fear of
persecution based on one of the reasons stated in the definition of the 1951 Convention, and the
country of origin has to be unwilling or unable to provide them with effective protection. 338
Refugee law protection is applicable on certain grounds outlined in the 1951 Convention
and is particularly suitable for individuals who have been or are under the risk of being trafficked
for the purpose of organ removal or for the victims, whose organs have been trafficked.
As mentioned in the previous paragraph, neither the Palermo Protocol nor the CoE
Convention have international enforcement regime for organ trafficking crime. The crime of
organ trafficking is complex one, therefore, the role of the International Criminal Court often
comes out as the possibility for persecution of the traffickers, 339 when state is not able or not
willing to protect victims from grave violation to human rights. 340 First and foremost, the ICC
does not have jurisdiction over any aspects of the two abovementioned instruments. However, it
can act as a last resort of protection for the victims of organ trafficking when the criteria of one of
the listed crimes in the Rome Statue are fulfilled. More precisely, organ trafficking would most
likely fall under crimes against humanity, 341 which include "other inhumane acts…intentionally
causing great suffering, or serious injury to body or to mental or physical health". 342 In addition
to the high threshold that has to be met, such acts must also be committed in the context of a
337

Palermo Protocol, Art.14.
Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, 1951/1954, Art.1.
339
Most often these are former heads of states or leaders of revolutions. Rome Statute of the International Criminal
Court 2187 UNTS 38544 (opened for signature 17 July 1998, entered into force 1 July 2002), Article 25.
340
Pocar, Fausto: Human Trafficking: A Crime against Humanity, in: E.U. Savona and S. Stefanizzi (eds.):
Measuring Human Trafficking: Complexities and Pitfalls, Berlin 2007, pp. 5-12, at p. 5; Stahn, Carsten: A Critical
Introduction to International Criminal Law, Cambridge University Press 2018, at p. 55. Taken from: Camilla Antila,
Human trafficking as a crime against humanity – the potential to prosecute human trafficking at the International
Criminal
Court,
University
of
Helsinki,
Master’s
Thesis,
May
2019,
available
at:
https://helda.helsinki.fi/bitstream/handle/10138/303348/Antila_Camilla_Pro_gradu_2019.pdf?sequence=2&isAllowe
d=y (last visited: 25 May 2020).
341
See also: Shang-Chin Lai, supra n. 328, p. 19.
342
Refugee Convention, Art 7(1k).
338

60

“widespread or systematic attack directed against any civilian population”. 343 Certainly, the ICC
may consider trafficking in human organs if these requirements are fulfilled. However, in reality,
the organ trafficking does not qualify the contextual elements as the exploitation, namely removal
of organs, is often carried out from desperate and vulnerable people who are in financial need. It
is difficult to link the desire to make a profit with the seriousness of intent necessary for the ICC
crime, since brokers and buyers have no malicious intent to destroy a national, ethnical, racial or
religious group.344 Nevertheless, the open secret of organ harvesting taking place in China over
many years, which has been constituted by an independent Chinese Tribunal as a crime against
humanity, indicates the possibility of considering the issue of trafficking in human organs within
the jurisdiction of the ICC.345 In this regard, the opportunity of delivering meaningful justice to
victims of organ trafficking by the ICC would be highly valuable. 346
Viewing individuals as victims of trafficking may also affect the interpretation of Refugee
Convention, 347 but in case they do not meet the refugee definition, other international human
rights protection may apply. Therefore, the following paragraph will deal with the human rights
that can be violated as a result of non-identification of victims outside their home country.
5.2 Human Rights Arising from Non-Identification of Victims
5.2.1 Non-Punishment of Victims
The protection of victims of organ trafficking depends, first and foremost, on a general
duty to identify them as such. As mentioned in previous chapters, neither the CoE Convention
nor the Palermo Protocol specifies the notion of a ‘victim’. Subsequently, none of them contain
an explicit obligation to take positive measures to identify individuals whose organs are
trafficked. States themselves decide how identification can be made as long as the obligations

343

Refugee Convention, Article 7(1).
According to Article 6 of the Rome Statute, the intent to destroy in whole or in part, a national, ethnical, racial or
religious group qualifies as ‘genocide’. Shang-Chin Lai, supra n. 328, p.19.
345
Independent Tribunal Into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China, Final Judgment and
Summary Report, 2019, at para. 188. With regard to the particular case of China, it is unlikely that the ICC would
consider the crime, as China is not a State Party to the Rome Statute and has a veto power in the Security Council,
which would preclude the referral of the case to the ICC. However, the very request to do so, even if it does result in
a referral, would have an impact on ending the crime. See more: David Matas, Organ Transplant Abuse in China:
International Standards and Remedies, available at: https://endtransplantabuse.org/organ-transplant-abuse-in-chinainternational-standards-and-remedies/ (last visited 25 June 2020).
346
David Matas, supra n. 345.
347
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 282.
344

61

imposed on States are not undermined. It is important to note that the rights accorded in both of
the instruments amount to nothing without this corresponding duty. 348 The failure to do so or
misidentification may result in a violation of a number of human rights. Most importantly,
victims will not be able to receive the protection and assistance to which they are entitled. 349
The granting of a victim status is of particular importance to the victims of trafficking in
persons for the purpose of organ removal, as the most serious violations occur outside the country
of residence.350 Most often, trafficked persons are misidentified and conceived as irregular or
undocumented migrants upon whom immigration laws are imposed. 351 Although the involvement
of coercive or deceptive ways throughout or at some stage distinguishes trafficking from migrant
smuggling, in many cases they are not obvious without active investigation. 352 As Gallagher
noted, the importance of correctly identifying trafficked persons as victims of trafficking is
essential since it provides them with the privilege to remain in the territories of countries of
transit or destination temporarily or permanently. 353
The same can be said for the victims of trafficking in human organs. Despite the fact that
trafficking occurs with respect to organs, donors can also be caught at the border as criminals or
irregular migrants while travelling to the country where transplant centre is located. 354 This
increases the likelihood of them being arrested, detained, prosecuted or deported due to the
breach of immigration laws in cases when they possess forged identity documents. Moreover, as
noted above, selling an organ can be tantamount to engaging in an illegal act, and therefore, the
potential of being identified as a victim of trafficking in human organs will only depend on the
national laws of each State. However, taking into account the characteristics of organ donors,
such as being in a position of vulnerability, lack of basic medical knowledge, low education
level, there should not be any doubt in considering them as victims of trafficking who are in need
of protection from possible exploitation. 355

348

A.T. Gallagher, p. 282.
Human rights and Human Trafficking, supra n. 306, at p. 12.
350
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 144.
351
Ibid.
352
Kristina Touzenis, supra n. 32, at p. 118.
353
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 278.
354
According to Shimazono, modes of transnational trafficking in organs include situations when organ donors travel
where the recipient and the transplant centre are located. Y. Shimazono, supra n. 197, at p. 956.
355
European Parliament, Study: Trafficking in human organs, supra n. 127, p. 23.
349

62

Therefore, the distinctive character of organ trafficking is that victims often find
themselves in a vulnerable situation outside their home environment where their human rights
can be easily breached. Even if victims of organ trafficking are not identified as such, it is
accepted that human rights are universal and apply to everyone “regardless of nationality and
citizenship and of how they came to be within the territory”. 356 This means that international
human rights law recognises the equal treatment of all persons and prohibits States to mistreat
non-nationals. 357 Nevertheless, as a result of non-identification of trafficked persons as victims,
issues of criminalisation, detention and deportation implicate a number of potentially applicable
international standards, such as the principle of non-punishment, freedom of movement,
prohibition of arbitrary detention, and the right to remain, which will be addressed in the
following paragraphs.
Misidentification of organ donors as irregular migrants or criminals can deprive them of
the right to claim the protection to which they are entitled in accordance with the relevant
trafficking instruments. As already mentioned above, at first glance it may not be obvious that a
person is engaged in a criminal activity, so the victims of organ trafficking may be accused of
violating immigration laws due to the use of false identity documents. Therefore, they are most
likely to be subject to detention, prosecution, imprisonment without the possibility of due
consideration to their status as victims. 358
The risk of being criminalised pushes victims to avoid reporting to the authorities of the
trafficking incident and be controlled by traffickers. 359 In addition, prosecuting victims for statusrelated offences not only prevents them from being protected, but also shifts the focus of national
authorities from actual traffickers and leaves the offence unidentified. 360 The line that allows
considering organ donors as victims and as violators of the law is particularly thin and vague. As

356

Human rights and Human Trafficking, supra n. 306, p. 6.
For example, Human Rights Committee has confirmed that “the rights set forth in the ICCPR apply to everyone,
irrespective of reciprocity, and irrespective of his or her nationality or statelessness. Thus, the general rule is that
each one of the rights of the Convention must be guaranteed without discrimination between citizens and aliens.” UN
Human Rights Committee, General Comment No.15: The Positions of aliens under the Covenant, 11 April 1986, at
para. 2.
358
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 284, Marija Jovanovic, supra n. 304. at p. 42.
359
Ibid.
360
Ibid, p. 42.
357

63

victims often find themselves in a conflicting legal position, the principle of non-punishment is
widely referred to as a possible solution to this problem. 361
Although the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention are silent on this issue, there is
growing evidence of the rejection of status-related criminalisation and prosecution as a
commonly accepted normative standard.362 For instance, the UN Trafficking Principles and
Guidelines which can also be applicable to the victims of organ trafficking stipulate that
“trafficked persons shall not be detained, charged or prosecuted for the illegality of their entry
into or residence in countries of transit and destination, or for their involvement in unlawful
activities to the extent that such involvement is a direct consequence of their situation as
trafficked persons.”363 This principle of non-punishment shows an accepted tendency to prohibit
prosecution of victims for violations of status-related offences, which may include breaching
immigration laws or engaging in the sale of organs. Likewise, the principle of non-punishment
indicates to the positive obligations of States owed to the victims of trafficking. The
criminalisation of victims of organ trafficking may entail the breach of an obligation to protect
and assist victims as well as the obligation to investigate a trafficking incident. 364 These
obligations stem from the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention and therefore nonpunishment of victims can also be read in the context of organ trafficking. Moreover, viewing the
trafficking from human rights perspective contributes to the notion that non-punishment principle
is an “essential element of human rights approach”. 365 Even though existing human rights law
instruments can act as deterrence for national laws to secure adequate protection, they provide
only general guidance for the protection of the victims, while the practical application of the nonpunishment principle will be left to the discretion of national laws. 366 As there is no clear set of
rules that explains the cases in which the non-punishment principle applies to the victims under
international law, the practical application is a matter of each State’s national authorities. 367 In
Marija Jovanovic, supra n. 304, p. 43. The principle is also referred to as ‘non-liability’ or ‘non-criminalisation
principle’, which may include broader protection than simply punishing victims.
362
A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 285.
363
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, Recommended Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights
and Human Trafficking, (E/2002/68/Add. 1), Principle 7.
364
OSCE, Special Representative and Co-ordinator for Combating Trafficking in Human Beings, Policy and
Legislative Recommendations towards the Effective Implementation of the Non-Punishment Provision with Regard
to Victims of Trafficking (22 April 2013) SEC.GAL/73/13 (‘OSCE Guidance’), para. 27.
365
Ibid., para. 26.
366
Marija Jovanovic, supra n. 304, p. 43.
367
Ibid.
361

64

this event, the mechanisms of international law can be applied if national authorities disregard the
principle or fail to consider victim status which makes the consideration of the trafficking
incident unfair and arbitrary. 368
5.2.2 Detention of Victims
Detention is a common response of states to an attempt of entering illegally, presenting of
false identity documents or engaging in illegal acts such as selling of organs. Many trafficked
persons due to the commitment of such status-related offences encounter prisons, police lock-ups
or immigration detention facilities where they often await deportation. 369 The only direct
reference to illegality of detention is provided by the non-binding UN Trafficking Principles and
Guidelines which explicitly stipulate that victims should not, in any circumstances, be held in
detention or other forms of custody. 370 It is there that trafficked persons face serious human rights
violations. Since the issue of victim detention is not covered by any of the specialised
international organ trafficking tools, the question arises as to whether the protection of victims’
violated rights caused by detention can be inferred indirectly through international human rights
law norms.
First of all, it is worth considering whether detention can be an obstacle to the freedom of
movement for the victims of organ trafficking. The substantive content of the right to freedom of
movement includes the right to move freely within the country, the right to enter or leave the
country, and the prohibition of arbitrary expulsion of non-nationals.371 All major human rights
instruments provide for the protection of right to freedom of movement. 372 In the context of antitrafficking instruments, the UN Trafficking Principles and Guidelines encourage States “to
protect the rights of all individuals to freedom of movement and ensure that measures combatting
trafficking do not infringe on this right.”373 According to the ICCPR, the freedom of movement is

368

Marija Jovanovic, supra n. 304, p. 43.
Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 288.
370
UN Trafficking Principles and Guidelines, supra n. 363, at 2.6 and 6.1.
371
M. Nowak, UN Covenant on Civil and Political Rights: CCPR Commentary, 2005, at p. 260. See also: Gallagher
supra n. 66, at p. 290.
372
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 13; ICCPR, Article 12; Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Discrimination against Women, article 15 (4); ICRMW, Article 8; Convention on the Rights of Persons
with Disabilities, Article 18; ECHR, Article 3; • American Convention on Human Rights, Article 12; African Charter
on Human and Peoples’ Rights, Article 12; Refugee Convention, Article 23.
373
UN Trafficking Principles and Guidelines, supra n. 363, at 1.5.
369

65

only guaranteed to individuals who are lawfully present within the territory of a State.374
Subsequently, those who enjoy the protection afforded by this particular right in the context of
trafficking are the ones who legally entered the territory of the relevant State. That is to say,
freedom of movement cannot be claimed without the status of a victim of trafficking since the
status of a victim gives right to stay in the country temporarily, permanently or in appropriate
cases, which in turn increases the likelihood that trafficked persons will be placed in detention
facilities. 375 However, it should be noted that the right to freedom of movement of victims of
trafficking who are indeed lawfully within the country may also be violated if States cannot
justify the restrictions imposed on this right. The ICCPR allows the restrictions which are
provided by law and directed towards protecting public order, national security or public health
or morals, or the rights and freedom of others.376 States may presumably take advantage of this
limitation and detain trafficked persons, regardless of their status, by restricting the right to
freedom of movement for the purpose of ensuring availability of witnesses or protecting them
from retaliation and intimidation.377 Obviously, the merits of such justifications will need to be
tested to be in accordance with law. 378
Another human right of trafficked persons that requires attention in relation to detention is
the right to liberty. The ICCPR provides that ‘”Everyone has the right to liberty and security of
person. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest or detention. No one shall be deprived of his
liberty except on such grounds and in accordance with such procedure as are established by
law.”379 Most of the international and regional human rights treaties contain similar provisions on
the prohibition of arbitrary deprivation of life. 380

374

ICCPR, Art.12.1.
Palermo Protocol, Art. 7(1).
376
ICCPR, Art.12(3).
377
Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 291.
378
Ibid.; Commentary on Recommended Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights and Human Trafficking, supra
n. 46, at p. 134.
379
ICCPR, Article 9(1).
380
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Article 3; Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination against Women, article 5 (b); ICRMW, Article 16; Convention on the Rights of Persons with
Disabilities, Article 14; ECHR, Article 5; • American Convention on Human Rights, Article 7; African Charter on
Human and Peoples’ Rights, Article 6.
375

66

To begin with, it should be noted that the right is not absolute, which means that States
are able to deprive people of their liberty.381 However, the deprivation of liberty cannot be
unlawful and arbitrary.382 First of all, states must take into account the principle of legality which
is the basis for establishing clear grounds why detention is permissible. 383 In addition to the fact
that deprivation of liberty is allowed in accordance with national law, the law itself should not be
arbitrary. The prohibition on arbitrariness implies that detention should be reasonable and
necessary in all of the circumstances of case, as well as proportionate to the achievement of a
legitimate aim. 384 This means that deprivation of liberty constituted by law must not be
“manifestly disproportional, unjust or unpredictable”. 385 It is worth mentioning that detention
may become arbitrary over time if it is prolonged without proper justification. 386 In this case,
continuous detention of trafficked persons without the prospect of an administrative or judicial
remedy may equate to arbitrary detention. 387 Last but not least, the establishment of unlawful or
arbitrary deprivation of liberty entails necessary procedural guarantees for the victims such as the
possibility to have enforceable right to compensation.388
In this connection, it can be concluded that the detention of victims of organ trafficking
may lead to unlawful deprivation of liberty and violate the prohibition on arbitrary detention.
Victims may claim that detention is unlawful and arbitrary and breaches their right to liberty if
such detention is not provided by law; applied in a discriminatory manner;389 imposed for a
continuous, unspecified or indefinite period; unjust, unpredictable and/or disproportionate; or not
subject to judicial or administrative review to confirm its legality and to confirm that it continues

381

UN Human Rights Committee, General Comment No.35, UN DOC. CCPR/C/GC/35, 16 December 2014, at p. 3.
Ibid.
383
Gallagher, supra n. 66, p. 292.
384
Van Alphen v. Netherlands, Human Rights Committee, Communication No. 305/1988, para. 5(8); A. v. Australia,
Human Rights Committee, Communication No. 560/1993, para. 9(2). See also: Commentary on Recommended
Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights and Human Trafficking, supra n. 46, at p.135.
385
Nowak, supra n. 371, p.226. Commentary on Recommended Principles and Guidelines on Human Rights and
Human Trafficking, supra n. 46, at p. 135.
386
Ibid, p. 225.
387
Commission on Human Rights resolution 1997/50 on the question of arbitrary detention; Working Group on
Arbitrary Detention deliberation No. 5 regarding the situation of immigrants and asylum-seekers (E/ CN.4/2000/4,
annex II). See also: UN Trafficking Principles and Guidelines, supra n. 363, p.135.
388
ICCPR, 9(5).
389
According to the ICCPR, the grounds for discrimination are race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other
opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status. Art 2(1).
382

67

to be necessary in the circumstances, with the possibility of release where no grounds for its
continuation exist.390
Under this analysis, it can be seen that detention which results from non-identification of
trafficked persons as victims may violate the right to freedom of movement, the right to liberty as
well as the prohibition on arbitrary detention. Although States can justify detention by invoking
criminal justice imperatives, national security requirement or victim safety needs, internationally
recognised principles of necessity, legality and proportionality should always be taken into
account to assess the lawfulness of that aim. 391 In any event, detained victims’ fundamental rights
need to be respected and protected under international law.

390
391

UN Trafficking Principles and Guidelines, supra n. 363, p.135.
Ibid., p.139.

68

6

CONCLUSION

The thesis has shown that organ trafficking has become an acute problem that requires
international concern. It entails two different phenomena which in theory are easily
distinguishable, but in practice it might be difficult to draw a line between them. The first
phenomenon refers to a situation when a person is trafficked for the purpose of organ removal
and all the subsequent acts of trafficking are directly related to a trafficked person. On the
contrary, the second phenomenon relates to trafficking in human organs where the acts of
trafficking can occur only in relation to organs. The present thesis has focused on the protection
of victims of both types of organ trafficking who find themselves in a desperate situation as a
result of their organs being illegally removed.
Despite the importance of this issue, the reluctance of States to be bound by specific and
detailed obligations to protect victims of organ trafficking is manifested both in the unconvincing
provisions of the Palermo Protocol and in a limited number of signatories to the CoE Convention.
Moreover, the adoption of the CoE Convention, aimed at supplementing human
trafficking framework, turned out to be in a considerable overlap with the Palermo Protocol in
terms of persecution where an organ donor is engaged. From the analysis demonstrated in the
substantive chapters of the present thesis, it is revealed that both frameworks can be applied
equally in cases involving the recruitment and solicitation of a living organ donor without
consent for a financial gain. It was also noted that depending on the national laws of each state,
the degree of such an overlap can vary.
Yet, the contribution of the Protocol to the fight against human exploitation cannot be
ignored. It was the only instrument that included undefined and under-regulated phenomenon of
human trafficking on the political agenda of the international community. 392 Being incomplete
and imperfect, the Protocol was the first to pave the way to the change. It was a turning point in
international law to include illicit organ removal as a form of human trafficking.
As to the CoE Convention, it has played a significant role in drawing the attention of the
entire international community to the trafficking in human organs and classifying it in a
392

A.T. Gallagher, supra n. 66.

69

consistent and coherent manner as a criminal offence. It encompasses a range number of illicit
activities related to the removal of organs which are tackled from the standpoint of criminal law.
Most importantly, it attempts to fill the gaps that have prevailed in international transplant
regulation for many years through the inclusion in its scope a wide category of transplant-related
crimes which have been excluded from the human trafficking for the purpose of organ removal
framework.
Both the Palermo Protocol and the CoE Convention criminalise and prosecute the actors
involved in organ trafficking, but they are distinguished from each other in terms of determining
the elements of the crime. 393 When comparing the two frameworks, it can be seen that the way of
determining the crime affects primarily to the prosecution of illicit removal organ offences and
protection of the suffered victims. Moreover, as a general rule, trafficking in persons for the
purpose of organ removal carries a more severe punishment for offenders compared to trafficking
in human organs in national legal systems. Therefore, when constituting the crime of illicit organ
removal, if possible, the Palermo Protocol should be the main anti-trafficking instrument. If no
means element of the Palermo Protocol’s definition can be identified under the domestic law of a
State, the concept of the abuse of a position of vulnerability must be clearly understood in order
for illicit removal of organs to be prosecuted as trafficking in human beings for the purpose of
organ removal. 394 In any event, the application of the Palermo Protocol fits within the purpose of
the CoE Convention supplement, so that the former can be applied to supplement the latter. 395 In
this way, both frameworks can be applied interchangeably. 396
When it comes to the organ donors, the thesis emphasises the fact that victims of both
types of organ trafficking, as a result of non-identification as victims of organ trafficking, are
often deprived of their rights to entitled protection. It should be noted that protection of victims
has to be given a priority when taking any measures to address the issue of organ trafficking.
Failure to identify victims is a shortcoming of anti-trafficking measures which also lacks
coherent tools against organ trafficking with effective enforcement mechanisms. Similarly, it is
found that the protection of victims can be dealt with many different perspectives, including
393

S. Gawronska, supra n. 225, p. 284.
Ibid., p. 285.
395
Ibid.
396
Ibid.
394

70

human rights framework which allows focusing on the rights of victims. Taking into account
human suffering in organ trafficking, it is crucial for victims to find redress for their violated
rights under international law.

71

BIBLIOGRAPHY

Monographs and Articles

Alexander M. Capron, Preventing Trafficking in Organs for Transplantation: An Important Facet
of the Fight Against Human Trafficking, April 2015, Journal of Human Trafficking, 1:56–64,
2015.
Alireza Bagheri, Child organ trafficking: global reality and inadequate international response,
Med Health Care and Philos, 19: 239–246, 2016.
Ana Isabel, Perez Cepeda, and Demelsa Benito Sanchez, Trafficking in Human Beings: A
Comparative Study of the International Legal Documents, Europa Law Publishing, Netherlands,
2014.
Aronowitz Alexis, Trafficking in human beings: an international perspectives, Global Organized
Crime, pp. 85-95, (2003).
Aronowitz Alexis, Trafficking of Human Beings for the Purpose of Organ Removal: Are
(International) Legal Instruments Effective Measures to Eradicate the Practice? Groningen
Journal of International Law, vol 1(2): Human Trafficking, 2016.
Beloucif, Sadek, Opt-in or opt-out for organ transplantation, Ethics, Economicsand Outcome:
edited by Brian Pollard, Volume 25 - Issue 2 – pp. 199-203, 2012.
Budiani-Saberi Debra, Columb Seán, A human rights approach to Human Trafficking for Organ
Removal, Med Health Care and Philos, 2013.
Cherry J. Mark, Kidney for sale by owner: human organs, transplantation, and the market,
Georgetown University Press, 2005.
Cody Corley, Money as a Motivator: The Cure to Our Nation's Organ Shortage, 11 Hous.J.
HEAnTH L. & Poj'y 2011.

72

Columb Seán, et al., ‘Re-Conceptualizing the Organ Trade: Separating ‘‘Trafficking’’ from
‘‘Trade’’ and the Implications for Law and Policy’, Transplant International 30(2), 209-213,
2017.
David Murphy, Transnational Crime or Informal Economy: A Critical Analysis of the
Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs , 3 Edinburgh Student L. Rev. 28, 2017.
Dominique E. Martin,et al., Strengthening Global Efforts to Combat Organ Trafficking and
Transplant Tourism: Implications of the 2018 Edition of the Declaration of Istanbul, Transplant
Direct, Published online, 2019.
Edgardo E. Guiberta, Alexander Y. Petrenko, Cecilia L. Balabana, Alexander Y. Somovb,
Joaquín V. Rodrigueza, Barry J. Fullerc, Organ Preservation: Current Concepts and New
Strategies for the Next Decade, Transfus Med Hemother. 38(2), pp. 125–142, 2011.
Elizabeth M. Bruch, Models Wanted: The Search for an Effective Response to Human
Trafficking, 40 STAN. J. INT' 1 L. 2004.
Emily Kelly, "International Organ Trafficking Crisis: Solutions Addressing the Heart of the
Matter," Boston College International and Comparative Law Review 36, no. Symposium Issue:
1317-1350, 2013.
Farhan Navid Yousaf and Bandana Purkayastha, ‘Social world of organ transplantation,
trafficking, and policies’, Journal of Public Health Policy Vol. 37(2), 190–199, 2016.
Farmer Paul, Gastineau-Campos Nicole, New malaise: Bioethics and human rights in the global
era. Journal of Law, Medicine and Ethics, 32: 243–251, 2004.
Gallagher Anne Therese, ‘Using International Human Rights Law to Better Protect Victims of
Human Trafficking’, The Theory and Practice of International Criminal Law: Essays in Honour
of M. Cherif Bassiouni, L. N. Sadat and M. P. Scarf, eds., pp. 397-430, Leiden: Martinus Nijhoff,
2008.
Gallagher Anne Therese, The international Law of Human Trafficking, Cambridge University
Press, ISBN 978-0-521-19107-4, 2010.
73

Goyal Madhav, et al, “Economic and Health Consequences of Selling a Kidney in India”,
Journal of the American Medical Association, vol. 288, ed. 13, 1589-1593, 2002.
Imber Jonathan B., Trusting Doctors: The Decline of Moral Authority in American Medicine.
Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 2008.
Janie Chuang, Beyond a Snapshot: Preventing Human Trafficking in the Global Economy, 13
IND. J. GLOBAL LEGAL STUD, 2006.
Jonathan Todres, Widening Our Lens: Incoporating Essential Perspectives in the Fight Against
Human Trafficking, 33 MICH. J. INT'L L. 53, 2011.
Kishore, R.R. 2003 “Human organs, scarcities, and sale: morality revisited” Journal of Medical
Ethics, Vol 31: pp. 362-365, 2005.
Kristina Touzenis, United Nations Educ., Scientific and Cultural Org., Trafficking in Human
Beings: Human Rights and Trans-national Criminal Law, Developments in Law and Practices 67,
2010.
Laura L. Shoaps, Room for Improvement: Palermo Protocol and the Trafficking Victims
Protection Act, 17 Lewis & Clark L. Rev. 931, 2013.
Leslie P. Francis & John G. Francis, Stateless Crimes, Legitimacy, and International Criminal
Law: The Case of Organ Trafficking, 4 CRIM. L. & IHIi. 2010.
Malone Linda A., ‘Economic Hardship as Coercion under the Protocol on International
Trafficking in Persons by Organised Crime Elements; 25, Fordham International Law Journal,
2001.
Marija Jovanovic, The Principle of Non-Punishment of Victims of Trafficking in Human Beings:
A Quest for Rationale and Practical Guidance, Journal of Trafficking and Human Exploitation,
VOL. 1, NR. 1, 41-76, 2017.
McGuinness Sheelagh and McHale Jean, "Transnational crimes related to health: how should the
law respond to the illicit organ tourism?" 34(4) Legal Studies, 682-708, 2014.

74

Melanie Levy, State incentives to promote organ donation: honoring the principles of reciprocity
and solidarity inherent in the gift relationship, Journal of Law and the Biosciences, 398–435,
2018.
Pietrobon Alessandra, Challenges in Implementing the European Convention against Trafficking
in Human Organs, Leiden Journal of International Law vol. 29, no. 2, 485-502, 2016.
Pocar, Fausto: Human Trafficking: A Crime against Humanity, in: E.U. Savona and S. Stefanizzi
(eds.): Measuring Human Trafficking: Complexities and Pitfalls, Berlinpp. 5-12, 2007.
Ranee Khooshie Lal Panjabi, The Sum of a Human's Parts: Global Ogan Trafficking in the
Twenty-First Century, 28 PAc ENvrI, L. Rrv. 2010.
Roberto Andorno, Buying and Selling Organs: Issues of Commodification, Exploitation and
Human Dignity, Journal of Trafficking and Human Exploitation, no.2, p. 119-127, 2017.
Scheper-Hughes, Nancy, On adopting herethical methods: from barefoot to militant to detective
anthropology. In D. Siegel & R. de Wildt (Eds.), Ethical Concerns in Research on Human
Trafficking (pp. 249-272). Springer International Publishing Switzerland, 2016.
Scheper-Hughes Nancy, Organs without borders. Foreign Policy, 146, 2005.
Siegel Dina, Henk van de Bunt & Damián Zaitch (Eds.), Global Organized Crime: Trends and
Developments. Dordrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2003.
Silke Meyer, Trafficking in human organs in Europe., European Journal of Crime, Criminal Law
and Criminal Justice, vol. 14 no. 2, 208-229, 2006.
Slabbert Magda, Oosthuizen Hennie, Commercialization of human organs for transplantation: a
view from South Africa, 2005, Med Law, 244(1): 191-201, 2005.
Shahabuddeen Mohamed, Does the Principle of Legality Stand in the Way of Progressive
Development of Law?, Journal of International Criminal Justice 2, pp. 1007-1017, 2004.
Stahn, Carsten: A Critical Introduction to International Criminal Law, Cambridge University
Press 2018.
75

Susan Kneebone, Julie Debeljak ‘Transnational Crime and Human Rights: Responses to Human
Trafficking in the Greater Mekong Subregion’ Routledge; 1st ed., 2012.
Sylwia Gawronska, Organ trafficking and human trafficking for the purpose of organ removal,
two international legal frameworks against illicit organ removal, New Journal of European
Criminal Law, Vol. 10(3) 268–286, 2019.
Torsten Trey, David Matas, State-organized Criminal Forced Organ Harvesting, Journal of
Trafficking and Human Exploitation, vol.1, No.2, pp. 175-186, 2017.
Vincenzo Tigano, Criminalization of Trafficking in Human Organs According to the 2014
Council of Europe Convention, European Criminal Law Review, Volume 5, Issue 2, 2015.
Yosuke Shimazono, The state of the international organ trade: a provisional picture based on
integration of available information, Bulletin of the World Health Organization, Volume 85, 901980, 2007.

Treaties and Statutes
2015

Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking in Human Organs, CETS No.216,
Santiago de Compostela, 25 March 2015.

2005

Additional Protocol to the Convention on Human Rights and Biomedicine,
concerning Biomedical Research, CETS No.195, Strasbourg, opening of the treaty:
25 January 2005, entry into force: 1 September 2007.

2005

Council of Europe Convention on Action against Trafficking in Human Beings,
CETS No.197, 3 May 2005, entry into force: 1 February 2008.

2000

Optional Protocol on the Rights of the Child on the Sale of Children, Child
Prostitution and Child Pornography, Doc. A/RES/54/263; C.N.1032.2000,

New

York, 25 May 2000, Entry into force: 18 January 2002.
2000

United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, Doc. A/55/383,

76

New York, 15 November 2000, Entry into force: 29 September 2003.
2000

Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons Especially Women
and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational
Organized Crime, United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 2237, p. 319; Doc. A/55/383,
15 November 2000.

1999

COE Criminal Law Convention on Corruption, ETS No.173, 27 January 1999, entry
into force: 1 July 2002.

1998

Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, 2187 UNTS 38544, opened for
signature 17 July 1998, entered into force 1 July 2002.

1997

Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Dignity of the Human Being
with regard to the Application of Biology and Medicine: Convention on Human
Rights and Biomedicine, ETS No.164 Oviedo, 4 April 1997, entry into force: 1
December 1999.

1990

International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and
Members of Their Families, Doc. A/RES/45/158, 18 December 1990, entry into
force: 1 July 2003.

1989

Convention on the Rights of Child, United Nations, Treaty Series , vol. 1577, p. 3,
New York, 20 November 1989, entry into force: 2 September 1990.

1981

African Charter on Human and Peoples’ Rights, No. 26363, date of adoption: 1 June
1981, entry into force: 21 October 1986.

1987

Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment, concluded 10 December 1984, entered into force 26 June 1987, UNTS
vol. 1465.

1969

American Convention on Human Rights, No. 17955, signed on 22 November 1969,
entry into force; 18 July 1978.

77

1966

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights 999 UNTS 171 (opened for
signature 16 December 1966, entered into force 23 March 1976.

1966

International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights 993 UNTS 3
(opened for signature 16 December 1966, entered into force 3 January 1976),
Preamble.

1966

International Covenant on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination,
United Nations, Treaty Series , vol. 660, p. 195, New York, 7 March 1966, entered
into force: 12 March 1969.

1951

Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, concluded 28 July 1951, entered into
force 22 April 1954, UNTS vol. 189.

1950

European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms, as amended by Protocols 11 and 14, concluded 4 November 1950,
entered into force 3 September 1953, ETS No.5.

1945

Statute of the International Court of Justice, annexed to the Charter of the United
Nations, concluded 26 June 1945, entry into force 24 October 1945, 33 UNTS 993.

Declarations, Resolutions and Recommendations
2017

Resolution 71/322, adopted by the General Assembly, Strengthening and promoting
effective measures and international cooperation on organ donation and
transplantation to prevent and combat trafficking in persons for the purpose of organ
removal and trafficking in human organs, 8 September 2017.

2008

Declaration of Istanbul on organ trafficking and transplant tourism, Istanbul,
Turkey, April 30 - May 2, 2008.

2005

UNESCO Universal Declaration on Bioethics and Human Rights, 32 C/Res. 24.19
October, 2005.

78

2000

Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, concluded 7 December
2000, entered into force 1 December 2009, 2000/C 364/01, European Union.

1948

Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 1948.

International Case Law
2011

Medicus Case, European Union Rule of Law Mission in Kosovo, (2011) KA278/20,
P 309/10,KA309/10, P 340/10.

2010

Rantsev v Cyprus and Russia, European Court of Human Rights, Application no.
25965/04, 7 January 2010.

1993

A. v. Australia, Human Rights Committee, Communication No. 560/1993.

1988

Van Alphen v. Netherlands, Human Rights Committee, Communication No.
305/1988.

National Case Law
2012

South Africa v. Netcare Kwa-Zulu Limited case (2012), UNODC No.: ZAF002.

Other Documents
Ann D. Jordan, “The Annotated Guide to the Complete UN Trafficking Protocol” (Report), 2002.
Commission on Human Rights, Resolution 1997/50 on the question of arbitrary detention;
Working Group on Arbitrary Detention deliberation No. 5 regarding the situation of immigrants
and asylum-seekers (E/ CN.4/2000/4, annex II). 28 December 1999.
Council of Europe, Committee of Ministers’ Rapporteur Group on legal cooperation (GR-J),
Identifying the main elements that could form part of a binding legal instrument against the
79

trafficking in organs, tissues and cells (OTC) – Additional opinion of the CDPC, the CDBI, and
the CD-P-TO, GR-J(2011)8, 26 April 2011.
Council of Europe, Explanatory Report to the Council of Europe Convention against Trafficking
in Human Organs, Trafficking Convention Explanatory Report, CoE Treaty Series – no.2016, 25
March 2015.
Council of Europe and the United Nations, Trafficking in organs, tissues and cells and trafficking
in human beings for the purpose of the removal of organs, 2009.
European Commission and Directorate-General Justice, Freedom and Security, Report of the
Experts Group on Traffciking in Human Beings, Brussels, 22 December 2004.
European Parliament, Directorate General for External Policies, Study: Trafficking in human
organs, EP/EXPO/B/DROI/FWC/2013-08/Lot8/03, July 2015.
International Centre for Migration Policy Development (ICMPD), Draft Manual for judges and
prosecutors, 2003.
International Criminal Police Organization, Trafficking in Human Beings: Best Practice
Guidance Manual for Investigators, 2008.
OSCE, Office of the special representative and co-ordinator for combating trafficking in human
bengs, trafficking in human beings for the purpose of organ removal in the OSCE region:
Analysis and findings. Occasional Paper Series No.6. July 2013.
OSCE Office of the Special Representative and Co-ordinator for Combating Trafficking in
Human Beings in partnership with the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute of Human Rights and the
Helen Bamber Foundation, Trafficking in Human Beings Amounting to Torture and other Forms
of Ill-treatment, Occasional Paper Series no. 5, June 2013.
OSCE, Special Representative and Co-ordinator for Combating Trafficking in Human Beings,
Policy and Legislative Recommendations towards the Effective Implementation of the NonPunishment Provision with Regard to Victims of Trafficking SEC.GAL/73/13, 22 April 2013.

80

Nowak M., UN Covenant on Civil and Political Rights: CCPR Commentary, 2005.
Parliament of the Commonwealth of Australia, Human Rights Sub-Committee, “Compassion,
Not Commerce: An Inquiry into Human Organ Trafficking and Organ Transplant Tourism”,
November 2018, Canberra.
Vienna Forum to Fight Human Trafficking, Trafficking in Persons For The Purpose of Organ
Removal, Background Paper, 13-15 February 2008.
UN’s General Assembly, Basic Principles and Guidelines on the Right to a Remedy and
Reparation, resolution 60/147 of 16 December 2005.
UN Human Rights Committee, General comment No. 36 on article 6 of the International
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on the right to life, 2018.
UN Human Rights Committee, General Comment No.35, UN DOC. CCPR/C/GC/35, 16
December 2014.
UN Human Rights Committee, General Comment No.15: The Positions of aliens under the
Covenant, 11 April 1986.
UNODC, Global Report on Trafficking in Persons, United Nations publication, Sales No.
E.13.IV.1. 2012.
UNODC, Global Report on Trafficking in Persons, United Nations publication, Sales No.
E.19.IV.20, 2018.
UNODC, Legislative Guide for the Implementation of the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and
Punish Trafficking In Persons, Especially Women and Children, Supplementing the United
Nations Convention Against Transnational Organized Crime, 2004.
UNODC, Trafficking in Persons for the purpose of Organ Removal, Assessment Toolkit, 2005.
UNODC, Travaux Preparatoires of the negotiations for the elaboration of the United Nations
Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocols thereto, 2006.

81

UN, Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights Commentary, Recommended Principles
on Human Rights and Human Trafficking, New York and Geneva, 2010.
UN Office of the High Commissioner, Fact Sheet No.36, Human Rights and Human Trafficking,
2014.
UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, Recommended Principles and
Guidelines on Human Rights and Human Trafficking, (E/2002/68/Add. 1), 2003.
United Nations Global Initiative to Fight Human Trafficking (UN.GIFT), U.N. Doc
E/CN.15/2006/10, 21 February, International Cooperation in combating transnational crime:
preventing, combating and punishing trafficking in human organs, 2006.
World Health Organisation, Global Glossary of terms and definitions on donation and
transplantation,

Geneva,

November

2009,

available

at:

https://www.who.int/transplantation/activities/GlobalGlossaryonDonationTransplantation.pdf?ua
=1 (last accessed 20 November 2019).
World Health Organisation,

Guiding Principles on Human Cell,

Tissue and Organ

Transplantation, WHA63.22, 21 May 2010.
World Health Organisation. Human Organ and Tissue Transplantation: Report by the Secretariat.
EB112/5, 2 May 2003.

Internet Sources
Andrei Lutenco, The extent of state obligations in preventing and combating trafficking in human
beings: challenges and perspectives for a European human rights-based approach, Central
European University, 2012, available at: https://eige.europa.eu/docs/54_HU.pdf (last visited 25
May 2020).

82

Calinka

Watson,

The

organized

crime

of

organ

trafficking,

2006,

available

https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/f6e0/93ee8763353717b9d7ef15028bebf4890232.pdf

at:
(last

accessed: 22.03.2020)
Camilla Antila, Human trafficking as a crime against humanity – the potential to prosecute
human trafficking at the International Criminal Court, University of Helsinki, Master’s Thesis,
May

2019,

available

at:

https://helda.helsinki.fi/bitstream/handle/10138/303348/Antila_Camilla_Pro_gradu_2019.pdf?se
quence=2&isAllowed=y (last visited: 25 May 2020).
Council of Europe, Replies to questionnaire for member states on organ trafficking, available at:
https://www.coe.int/t/dg3/health/Source/CDBI_INF(2003)11_en.pdf (2004), (last visited: 10
March 2020).
David Matas, Organ Transplant Abuse in China: International Standards and Remedies, available
at:

https://endtransplantabuse.org/organ-transplant-abuse-in-china-international-standards-and-

remedies/ (last visited 25 June 2020).
Debra A. Budiani-Saberi, D. L. K. Karim, Zimmerman, ( December 2011). Sudanese Victims of
Organ Trafficking in Egypt. A Preliminary Evidence-Based, Victim-Centered Report. Coalition
for Organ-Failure Solutions. Available at: http://www.cofs.org/home/sudanese-victims/ (last
visited: 12 March 2020).
Elmi Muller, Dominique E. Martin, Beatriz Dominguez-Gil, The Declaration of Istanbul on
Organ

Trafficking

and

Transplant

Tourism

(2018

Edition),

available

at:

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/330778067 (last accessed: 10 December 2019).
Emma Batha, U.N. urged to investigate organ harvesting in China, available at:
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-rights-organ-harvesting/un-urged-to-investigate-organharvesting-in-china-idUSKBN1W92FL (last accessed: 28 November 2019).
Eurotransplant

International

Foundation,

Annual

Report

2018,

available

at:

https://www.eurotransplant.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/032675-_ET_Jaarverslag_2018_v71.pdf (last visited: 30 May 2020).
83

Gallagher Anne Therese, ‘Two Cheers for the Trafficking Protocol’, Anti-Trafficking Review,
issue 4, 2015, pp. 14—32, available at: www.antitraffickingreview.org (last visited: 15 April
2020) (last visited: 22 April 2020).
Jong J.D., Human trafficking for the purpose of organ removal, Utrecht University Library
database,

2017,

available

at:

https://dspace.library.uu.nl/bitstream/handle/1874/355286/DeJong.pdf?sequence=1&isAllowed=
y (last visited: 15 March 2020).
Independent Tribunal Into Forced Organ Harvesting from Prisoners of Conscience in China,
Final Judgement & Summary Report – 2019, available at: https://chinatribunal.com/wpcontent/uploads/2019/07/ChinaTribunal_-SummaryJudgment_17June2019.pdf (last visited: 6
June 2020).
Katrina Taylor, Protections for Child Victims of Human Trafficking in International Law, Åbo:
Åbo Akademi 2014.
Kilgour David, Gutmann Ethan, and Matas David, Bloody Harvest/The Slaughter: An Update,
2017

revised

edition,

available

at:

https://endtransplantabuse.org/wp-

content/uploads/2017/05/Bloody_Harvest-The_Slaughter-2016-Update-V3-and-Addendum20170430.pdf (last visited: 15 May 2020).
Marjan Wijers, Analysis of the Definition of Trafficking in Human Beings in the Palermo
Protocol (2005), at p. 19, available at: http://lastradainternational.org/doc-center/1354/analysisof-the-definition-of-trafficking-in-human-beings-in-the-palermo-protocol

(last

accessed:

15

February 2020).
Pascalev A, De Jong J, Ambagtsheer F, Lundin S, Ivanovski N, Codreanu C, Gunnarson M,
Yankov J, Frunza M, Byström I, Bos M, Weimar W, Trafficking in human beings for the purpose
of organ removal: a comprehensive literature review, December 2013, available at:
http://hottproject.com/userfiles/HOTTProjectTraffickinginHumanBeingsforthePurposeofOrganRemoval-AComprehensiveLiteratureReviewOnlinePublication.pdf (last visited: 15 February 2020).

84

Schang-chin Lai, Reducing Organ Trafficking: New Zealand's International and Domestic
Responsibilities,

2013,

p.

9,

available

at:

https://researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz/xmlui/bitstream/handle/10063/3383/thesis.pdf?sequence=2
(last visited: 18 June 2020).
The Guardian, China is harvesting organs from detainees, tribunal concludes, 17 Jun 2019,
available at: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2019/jun/17/china-is-harvesting-organs-fromdetainees-uk-tribunal-concludes (last visited: 15 February 2020).
Yuval

Shany,

Chair

of

the

Human

Rights

Committee,

available

at:

https://www.ohchr.org/EN/NewsEvents/Pages/DisplayNews.aspx?NewsID=23809&LangID=E
(last visited: 30 March 2020).
WHO Task Force on Donation and Transplantation of Human Organs and Tissues, Position
statement on the proposal for a global kidney exchange, August 2018, available at:
https://www.who.int/transplantation/donation/GKE-statement.pdf (last accessed: 20 November
2019).

85

