Revolutionising Transport
A Case Study into Swedish Policy for
Transitioning away from Oil

Stefan Siven
Master’s Thesis in Economics
Supervisor: Eva Österbacka
Åbo Akademi University
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and
Economics
2020

Åbo Akademi University – Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Abstract for master’s thesis
Subject: Economics
Writer: Stefan Siven
Title: Revolutionising Transport – A Case Study into Swedish Policy for Transitioning
away from Oil
Supervisor: Eva Österbacka
Abstract: This thesis examines Swedish transport policy which has been implemented to
transform the transport sector away from traditional, oil derived, fuel. The thesis is
conducted as a case study, with a focus on transport policy tools which have been
implemented in Sweden to enact this change. Sweden was chosen as a case study since
they are globally considered forerunners in environmental and transport policy. This
thesis could prove useful for nations which are struggling with similar transport and
environmental issues. The policy tools used in Sweden are examined with the help of
economic and policy theory to understand how these tools resonate with this theoretical
framework. The implementation and effectiveness of these tools is also discussed. This
is done in relation to the national and EU climate and transport targets, which are
examined in this thesis, with a focus on targets set for 2020 as well as for the future. This
thesis starts of by examining the factors driving the change, namely climate change and
overreliance on oil. These two factors have, in Sweden, prompted the government to use
policy tools to promote the shift in the transport sector, which is one of the largest
consumers of oil as well as one of the largest polluters. The Swedish transition has largely
been focused on biofuels for the past decades, with electrification becoming more relevant
in the past years. This is largely due to the diminishing viability of biofuels, due largely
to the fact that the majority of the components have to be imported which could be
environmentally harmful. The conclusions of this thesis are that the large majority of
Swedish transport policy are characterised by Pigouvian taxation and Pigouvian subsidy
which are largely set by the national government, as well as by EU wide regulation. This
includes a CO₂ tax, fuel tax, vehicle tax, tax exemption on biofuels, subsidies for charging
infrastructure and subsidies for zero- and low- emission vehicles. In terms of the 2020
transport and environmental targets, Sweden is on its way to achieve these. However, for
future targets, namely the ambitious target which Sweden has set for its transport sector
for 2030, more policy measures are needed. These policy measures will most likely have
to focus on creating a robust charging network and promoting plug-in vehicles, while at
the same time discouraging conventional, more polluting vehicle types and fuels. The
National Institute of Economic Research, calculated that with current policy tools 12
million tons of CO2 will be reduced by 2030, compared with 2017, however this falls
short by 6 million tons from the target. This highlights the need for more policy measures
or a tightening of current policy tools, such as increased fuel taxes or increased subsidies
for alternatives. The possibility of completely banning vehicles which run on fossil fuels
is also being considered. The effects of individual policy tools are hard to estimate since
they work together and complement each other. There can also be other underlying factors
in Sweden, such as the level of social capital, which can increase the wiliness of Swedes
be more environmental.

Key words: Transport, Policy, Environmental Policy, Climate Change, Sweden, Biofuel,
Oil, Electric Vehicles

Date: 09.06.2020

Number of pages: 66

Table of Contents
1.

2.

Introduction...................................................................................................... 1
1.1.

Background – Sweden, Transport and Oil .................................................. 3

1.2.

Motivation for Research............................................................................. 4

Climate Change Context................................................................................... 8
2.1.

Sustainable Development Goals ................................................................. 8

2.2.

The UN and the Paris Agreement ............................................................... 9

2.3.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change............................................ 12

2.4.

Regional and Local Actors in Climate Change Governance...................... 13

2.4.1.
3.

European Union ................................................................................ 14

Energy Security and Oil Dependency ............................................................. 16
3.1.

Oil in Transport ....................................................................................... 18

4.

Method........................................................................................................... 20

5.

Theory ........................................................................................................... 21

6.

5.1.

Peak Oil ................................................................................................... 21

5.2.

Externalities and Market Failure .............................................................. 24

5.3.

Policy Tools............................................................................................. 24

5.3.1.

Pigouvian Taxation ........................................................................... 26

5.3.2.

Licenses ............................................................................................ 28

5.3.3.

Standards and Regulation.................................................................. 29

5.3.4.

Ownership & Monopoly ................................................................... 29

5.3.5.

Funding and Investment .................................................................... 30

Analysis: Swedish Transport Policy ............................................................... 31
6.1.

Climate Targets and Law ......................................................................... 31

6.2.

Development Towards Targets................................................................. 35

6.3.

Policy Tools............................................................................................. 38

6.3.1.

Taxation and Subsidy........................................................................ 38

6.3.2.

EU Regulation .................................................................................. 42

6.3.3.

Investment Programmes.................................................................... 44

6.3.4.

Stockholm Congestion Charge .......................................................... 47

6.3.5.

Summary of Policy Tools ................................................................. 47

7.

Discussion ...................................................................................................... 49

8.

Conclusion ..................................................................................................... 55

Svensk sammanfattning ......................................................................................... 57
References ............................................................................................................. 60

List of Abbreviations

COP

Conference of the Parties

ESR

Effort Sharing Regulation

EU

European Union

EU ETS

European Emissions Trading System

EUR

Euro

GDP

Gross Domestic Product

GHG

Greenhouse Gases

IEA

International Energy Agency

IPCC

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

MDG

Millennium Development Goals

NGO

Non-governmental Organisations

OPEC

Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries

R&D

Research and Development

SEK

Swedish krona

SDG

Sustainable Development Goals

UN

United Nations

UNCHC

United Nations Conference on the Human Environment

UNEP

United Nations Environment Programme

UNFCCC

United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change

USD

United States Dollar

VAT

Value Added Tax

ZLEV

Zero- and Low- Emission Vehicle

Stefan Siven

1. Introduction

Environmental concerns have become more topical in recent decades, as can be seen
in modern-day politics and economics. Most national governments have
environmental or climate change strategies in place, with many local and regional
governments also having their own additional strategies. Energy issues tend to be at
the centre of these strategies, with most developed nations aiming to reduce their
carbon emissions, fossil energy usage, and increasing the share of renewables in their
energy mix. Sustainable development and energy transition can be accomplished
through a variety of policy measures which vary in success.

This thesis examines environmental policies and their effectiveness with a focus on
policies which tackle the transition away from oil and other traditional fuels within the
transport sector. Sweden and their policies will be used as a case study and Swedish
transport policy will be presented in a Nordic context. Insight into other Nordic
countries’ transport efforts will be presented to understand the particularities of
Swedish transport policy.

The Nordic countries are generally seen as forerunners in terms of environmental
policy (Greker, et al. 2019). Swedish transport policy was chosen as a case study due
to Sweden’s especially extensive efforts in relation to energy transition, and more
specifically, in relation to oil, oil dependency and transport. Additionally, Sweden is
considered a forerunner due to their goals and strategies (Johnson & Silveira, 2014).
The Nordic countries are relatively similar in terms of culture, demographics,
geography, and economics. Thus, the outcomes of this study could potentially be
replicated with similar results in other Nordic countries. The aim is to gain knowledge
on transport policy in general.

1

Stefan Siven
Economics and economic theory play a substantial role behind the implementation of
environmental policy, for example behavioural economics and resource economics are
at the core of policy creation. This thesis examines environmental policy creation,
implementation, and impact, what the policy tools are and what their relation to
economic and policy theory is. The aim of this research is to understand how Sweden
has done in terms of this transport transition. By exploring policy tools and theory we
can also try to understand why Sweden has acted as it has and, hopefully, also discover
when they have diverged from the traditional path set by theory. This thesis aims to
increase our understanding from a Swedish and Nordic perspective, and the lessons
we learn from this case study will contribute to other nations’ knowledge base of how
they could transform their transport sector. For instance, how should Finland’s
transport sector transform in the future to address environmental and security concerns
based on the findings of such studies.

The structure of this thesis is as follows: firstly, a short background of Sweden will be
presented, followed by an examination of the global climate change context, including
climate change conventions such as the Paris Agreement. Secondly, dependence on
oil and the energy security aspect which arise from this dependence are introduced.
Climate change and energy security aspects are prominent reasons as to why a country
might want to reduce their oil usage. Thirdly, the methodology of this thesis will be
presented. Fourthly, the concepts of peak oil and externalities are examined. These
concepts are typically used by economists and policymakers to motivate the need for
governmental intervention in the market, to reduce or fix the market failures which
arise from externalities, and to prevent repercussions from an overreliance on oil. This
is followed by the theoretical examination of policy tools which can be used to affect
transport. This includes, for instance, Pigouvian taxation, which is used to curb the
cost which an externality can have on a third party by the implementation of a tax
which will shift the production towards a social optimal level. Fifthly, the case study
is presented. This begins by examining the climate and transport goals in Sweden and
how Sweden has fared in terms of the target. This is followed by the examination of
the most prominent policy tools which Sweden has used to transform the transport
sector, and the tools are categorised according to the policy framework. Finally, a
2

Stefan Siven
discussion regarding Swedish policy is presented to further analyse the Swedish case,
which is then followed by the conclusion.

1.1.

Background – Sweden, Transport and Oil

Sweden has for a long time strived to be more environmentally conscious, which will
be discussed in more detail in the coming sections of this thesis. The 1970s oil crisis
had an enormous impact on Sweden and prompted an energy policy shift in the
country. The pulp and paper sector were heavily reliant on oil and suffered from the
crisis. The following decades saw the sector transition completely away from oil,
mostly by substituting oil with biofuels (Bergquist & Söderholm, 2014). The idea of
using coal to move away from oil was also considered, but it lacked appeal. Coal is a
fossil fuel source which produces vast amounts of carbon dioxide, and the coal would
also most likely have had to be imported, which has its own concerns and comes with
energy security concerns (Bergquist & Söderholm, 2014). The Swedish government
invested heavily in different programmes aimed at transitioning away from oil after
the oil crisis. The energy sector, following the crisis, received financial support like it
had never seen before from the government through numerous programmes
implemented by the state, for instance through R&D funding (Bergquist & Söderholm,
2014).

In 2005, the Swedish government appointed a commission to create a programme for
moving Sweden into an oil-free era. The commission’s report was released in 2006
and was entitled Making Sweden an Oil-Free Society (På väg mot ett oljefritt Sverige).
The report included an overview of the current situation in Sweden and highlighted
the reasons for the importance of having a strategy or programme for this. The
programme outlined some radical measures to reduce Swedish dependence on oil, gas
and derivates.

3

Stefan Siven
The commission report highlights energy security, supply, and environmental
concerns of oil as key concerns. They analyse the Swedish oil usage and propose
actions to be taken to minimise such levels of usage (Persson, et al. 2006). The report
recommends five overarching strategies to achieve this, with dedicated objectives and
measures for residential and commercial buildings, transport, and industry. Transport
is the largest sector that oil is used for in Sweden. The commission calls for private
cars to become more fuel efficient, for a carbon-based vehicle tax, and for there to be
a bonus, presumably monetary, for car sharing. The commission also highlighted the
biomass potential in Sweden and Finland. Both countries have a large forest cover and
the commission suggests that this should be used for biofuels, which would replace
petrol and diesel in cars. By doing this, the governments could use domestic renewable
resources and provide local jobs, especially in rural areas which suffer from
unemployment and emigration (Persson et.al, 2006).

However, these suggestions came at a time before a general election in Sweden, which
saw the governing party change. Some of the policy suggestions were implemented to
some degree; for instance, Sweden is focusing on biofuels and natural gas as a
substitute for petroleum in their transport industry (Neugebauer & Westerberg, 2017).
This report gives a strong insight into different potential solutions which were
considered at the time and highlights the political factors involved in the process of
policy creation and implementation.

1.2.

Motivation for Research

How to change existing current transport systems is an urgent question which many
EU countries are trying to solve, with the new European Commission planning to also
solve the problem (European Commission, 2019). The argument largely resides, at
least in the Nordics, between electrification of transport (with electric vehicles and
infrastructure) and switching from traditional fuels to biofuels or a mix between them
(Barmsotoft & Klaus, 2017). Smart technologies (e.g. car sharing) and improved
4

Stefan Siven
public transport are also viable solutions to reduce transport emissions in more
populated areas and to ease congestion. The two main reasons for transitioning to
electric vehicles or biofuels, and away from oil, tend to be environmental and security
concerns (primarily supply and price concerns).

Within the EU, the transport system is a major polluter with land, air, and naval
transport accounting for roughly ⅔ of their crude oil usage according to Eurostat. This
makes for a strong argument to change the transport system to a more environmental
one, along with international pressure and political ambitions on the EU and national
level to prevent climate change, and obeying international conventions and
agreements work as catalysts for change as well.

In terms of global energy security, we have already seen issues with oil in the past.
The 1970’s oil crisis was a noteworthy event which led to a recession and changed the
lives of countless people (Bergquist & Söderholm, 2014). Figure 1 shows how the
price of oil has changed per barrel in the past five years, with the price fluctuating
between USD29.69 and USD76.41 per barrel (February 2015-Febuary 2020). Price
changes in oil have been proven to affect a number of aspects of the economy with
fuel prices and stock prices reacting to these changes, which can on occasion affect
economic growth, employment, and financial markets (De Miguel, et al. 2003). Peak
oil is also a threat to the world economy, which makes oil-dependent nations extremely
vulnerable. Economies and transport throughout the world are dependent on oil, and
when peak oil is eventually passed it will most likely lead to recession, if not worse
(Hall, 2016). Peak oil will be discussed more depth in a later chapter. Diversifying
transportation, a crucial element of modern-day society and economy, away from oil
is crucial in this regard.

5

Stefan Siven

Figure 1. Oil Price per Barrel - Source Nasdac.com.

Countries across the world have taken note of this problem and are looking for policy
tools and instruments to move forward, and to see where it has been previously
implemented successfully. Studying a forerunner such as Sweden is instructive, even
if Sweden still has a long way to go in order to meet its future transport targets. Sweden
is currently, together with a few other potential countries, a clear starting point to study
for countries who wish to transform their transport sector. As Sweden is still currently
in the middle of transforming their transport sector, it is helpful to understand what
has been done thus far, what seems to have been successful or unsuccessful, and how
policy is changing to meet targets. Sweden has been developing its policy for a long
time in this area and has been planning and implementing strategies for a number of
years.

6

Stefan Siven
With regard to the other Nordic countries, Finland is far behind in terms of policy and
implementation, but is largely seen as following in Sweden's footsteps, with a focus
on biogas and biofuels, rather than Norway’s heavy focus on electrification of the
transport sector (Carlén & Kriström, 2019). Finland could potentially learn something
from other countries, as it aims to reduce its transport emissions by 50% by 2030
(Finnish Government, 2019). The Finnish government has a number of plans and
milestones in their governmental plan but compared with Sweden these are in an
earlier stage. Many of these plans are still being worked on by a number of task forces
or committees, which are examining how to deliver the results that the government is
aiming for.

7

Stefan Siven

2. Climate Change Context
This chapter will introduce the global climate change debate and the arguments
supporting why action needs to be taken. International bodies and agreements working
on climate change prevention and sustainability are presented and examined

2.1.

Sustainable Development Goals

The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are the overarching sustainability
goals for the UN and its nations for 2030. They contain goals that policymakers need
to strive to achieve globally by 2030. The SDGs focus on sustainability in a more
holistic view than solely on environmental sustainability, with economic, cultural and
equality aspects being heavily emphasised as well. The 17 SDG goals have 169 targets,
many of them measurable or quantifiable in one way or another (Lu, et al. 2015). These
goals and measures can help policymakers create policy and assess their development
within these SDG goals.

The SDGs are the spiritual successors of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs),
which focused primarily on health and social aspects. The SDGs 17 goals can broadly
be divided into three categories, with the first seven SDGs working as an extension
for MDGs with certain changes. The second category, goals eight to ten, relate to
inclusiveness. The third category, goals 11 to 17, relate more generally to
sustainability (Kumar, et al. 2016).

8

Stefan Siven

Figure 2. UN SDG's - Source UN.org.

2.2.

The UN and the Paris Agreement

The United Nations and its affiliate organisations have been working for decades to
create dialogue, solutions, and policy on a global intergovernmental stage (Corell &
Söderberg, 2005). The United Nations Conference on the Human Environment
(UNCHE) in Stockholm in 1972 is considered the first ever international
environmental conference. The conference led to the creation of the United Nations
Environment Programme (UNEP) and the Stockholm declaration. Besides these
accomplishments, the conference is not seen as being very successful, with many
nations having other priorities than environmental (Corell & Söderberg, 2005). These
included, for instance, decolonisation, recently independent nations trying to establish
themselves after decolonisation, and the Vietnam War. The lack of Eastern bloc
countries attending the conference also undermined the effectiveness of the conference
(Corell & Söderberg, 2005). The follow-up conference Stockholm+10 in 1982 did not
gather almost any interest from nations and their governments.

The first, and arguably successful, international conference was the United Nations
Conference on Environment and Development (UN-CED) held in Rio de Janeiro in
9

Stefan Siven
1992 (Corell & Söderberg, 2005). The conference led to the Rio declaration and the
Agenda21, which was a 40-chapter action plan for the nations of the world to follow
into the 21st century in order to achieve a sustainable world. The atmosphere and
general attitude during the conference have been partly attributed to its success. The
Berlin Wall had fallen, and the Cold War had ended which saw Eastern Europe open
up (Corell & Söderberg, 2005). The results of the conference reflected this optimism
with nations promising to act and support the Rio declaration. However, the
implementation of these strategies and policies were halted or reduced by many
governments due to the economic turmoil which followed in the 1990’s. The 1990’s
saw recessions first in Europe and North America and later in East Asia, which
crippled many nations’ ability to act and forced them to shift their focus to growth and
reducing unemployment (Corell & Söderberg, 2005).

During the conference in Rio de Janeiro in 1992, the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) was opened for signing and later entered
into force in 1994 (Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand, 2019). This saw the establishment of a
formal platform for nations to discuss and create shared goals and protocols to deal
with climate change. The nations gather in annual conferences to address
environmental issues, with the conferences formally referred to as the Conference of
the Parties (COP) which acts as the supreme decision-making body of the UNFCCC
(Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand, 2019). The decision-making in the body is governed by
consensus, which has proved to be a hurdle for the development of efficient resolutions
and agreement as any country can veto any decision made. This has led to many COPs
without any clear results or least-common-denominator results, which have
disappointed many ambitious nations, including Sweden (Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand,
2019).

In 2015, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC)
issued the so-called Paris Agreement at COP21, with most of the world’s nations
signing the agreement in 2016 (Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand, 2019). The agreement is
considered ground-breaking and to have potential in addressing climate change on a
global scale (Falkner, 2016). The agreement does not impose any detailed reduction
10

Stefan Siven
goals for specific countries, instead relying on nations (as well as other entities such
as NGOs and City Councils) observing and criticising the national progress of one
another (Falkner, 2016). By being based on voluntary national commitments, the
agreement was able to pass with consensus, thus overcoming the problem in earlier
attempts to create a comprehensive climate agreement (Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand,
2019). The agreement does state that rich and developed nations need to do more to
tackle climate change, with poorer nations having other priorities that they need to
focus on, such as growth, poverty, and sanitation. The Paris Agreement aims to
complement previous international agreements rather than replacing them (Nasiritousi
& Bäckstrand, 2019). The Paris Agreement consists of 29 articles and creates a
framework for states with the goal to keep global warming to a maximum of 2-degrees
Celsius and ideally to 1.5-degrees Celsius (compared with pre-industrial figures) (UN,
2015). The agreement also calls on signatories to report on their development every
five years, the first time being in 2023.

The Paris Agreement is a framework that has seemingly been engaged with by most
nations. The issue now lies in how to convince nations to act and report on their climate
goals and progress. The voluntary national contributions and reviews were the reasons
why the agreement was so well received, but they might also ultimately be the biggest
problem with the agreement. Nasiritousi and Bäckstrand (2019) have a mixed opinion
on the viability of the agreement, stating that they instead see this as the start of a new
era of global climate governance with the need of further solutions and agreements to
complement the Paris Agreement for it to be truly effective. They see free riding as a
potential problem that should be addressed. However, how this is to be done is yet to
be seen.

The following conferences (COP), since the signing of the Paris Agreement, have
largely been working on improving the implementation of the Paris Agreement.
COP24, in Katowice, Poland in 2018, saw the publication of the Paris rulebook which
contains a set of rules aimed at helping with the implementation of the Paris
Agreement. Creating the rulebook was an ordeal due to its numerous setbacks, but it
is generally seen as a positive development (see Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand, 2019 p. 3611

Stefan Siven
38). The most recent COP, COP25, in 2019, was deemed a complete failure. The
conference was moved from Chile to Madrid due to social unrest in Chile. The
conference was supposed to deliver a plan on the implementation of the Paris
Agreement, but no consensus was found (Schinko, 2020). Notably, the UN SecretaryGeneral expressed his disappointment at the climate conference and highlighted the
importance of the coming year and conference getting all countries to commit to
fighting the climate crisis (UNFCCC, 2019). Unfortunately, COP26 set to take place
in Glasgow in November 2020, has been postponed until 2021 due to COVID-19,
which could prolong the work which needs to be done within this forum (UN, 2020).

The Paris Agreement has generally been viewed positively by world leaders and the
public, but the President of the United States, Donald Trump, has criticised the
agreement and is determined to have the US leave it. This move is condemned by
world leaders and by many US state governments, with 25 (US) states planning on
complying with the agreement even if the federal government decides to take the US
out of it (Holden, 2019). The US is set to leave the Paris Agreement in November
2020, after the 2020 presidential election (Holden, 2019). The US is a major polluter
and economic powerhouse and is seen to have a crucial role in the fight against global
warming.

2.3.

Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change

The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is an institution which
gathers experts in science and technology, as well as social scientists to assess and
gather information regarding climate change (Hulme & Mahony, 2010). Their work is
highly influential, with their latest special report released in October 2018 gaining
considerable attention (Greaker, et al. 2019).
Climate change could potentially threaten life on earth, with the IPCC warning of the
effects of a 2-degree Celsius increase instead of a 1.5-degree Celsius increase
12

Stefan Siven
(compared to pre-industrial levels). The IPCC highlights in their 2018 special report
how detrimental a 2-degree Celsius increase would be to life on earth. It argues that in
order to keep the planet from reaching these dangerous levels immediate action is
required. To achieve only a 1.5-degree Celsius increase, human-caused carbon dioxide
emissions need to fall by 45% by 2030 compared with 2010 emissions and by 2050
reach net zero emissions, according to the IPCC report.
In order to achieve these emission reductions, policymakers need to tackle a variety
of issues including emissions from transport, energy, industry, buildings, land usage
and cities (IPCC, 2018a). The IPCC also released a helpful document for policymakers
(The Summary for Policymakers of the Special Report on Global Warming of 1.5C)
which highlights the findings and risks found by the IPCC with recommended actions
and focus areas.
The IPCC special report was a response to an invitation from UNFCCC in 2015 when
the Paris Agreement was adopted (IPCC, 2018a). The conclusion of this report is that
the 2-degree maximum target is too high, and that the global community should strive
to a maximum increase of 1.5 degrees instead.

2.4.

Regional and Local Actors in Climate Change Governance

This section will shift focus from the international arena to regional, local actors and
other non-state actors. Many of these actors can have an impact on climate change
policy and are, therefore, important to consider. There are several organisations and
groups which work on reducing their environmental impact and fight climate change.
These could include large regional groupings such as the EU or the Nordic Council,
as well as NGOs and platforms such as the Covenant of Mayors for Climate and
Energy.

In the past decade, regional and non-state actors have become more and more involved
in environmental issues. The Paris Agreement, unlike earlier environmental
13

Stefan Siven
agreements, sees non-state and sub-state actors as part of the necessary dialogue and
solution to climate change (Nasiritousi & Bäckstrand, 2019). The number of non-state
and sub-state attendees in UN climate conferences has grown rapidly in the past two
decades. This has led to a new dynamic which is seen as a pivotal change for global
climate governance and as a positive way for states and non-state organisations to
share knowledge and cooperate (Bäckstrand, et al. 2017). As a result of this change in
dynamic, it is crucial to consider regional and local actors in climate governance. In
this case study it is crucial to keep in mind other potential actors, besides the national
governments, because these might be crucial stakeholders or even potential
policymakers. Therefore, the UN, the EU and the Nordic Council are important actors
for our case study, and on a more local level businesses and local (city or provincial)
governments are also of importance.

2.4.1. European Union

The EU is a major policymaker for EU member states, especially in regard to
environmental policy. The EU has several environmental tools and strategies that it
uses to achieve their environmental targets. More recently, the new European
Commission headed by Ursula von der Leyen has proposed a new “Green Deal” which
aims to transform Europe to a sustainable and carbon neutral continent by 2050
(European Commission, 2019). However, the new commission and their Green Deal
are still in the early stages of development.

The European Emissions Trading System (EU ETS) is a tool used by the EU to try to
limit CO2 emissions in the region. It covers the energy sector and energy-intensive
industrial emitters which roughly translates to 45% of total greenhouse gases in the
EU (Silbye & Sörensen, 2019). This means it does not cover domestic transport;
however, the new Green Deal outlines the European Commission's desire to include
the maritime industry in the EU ETS (European Commission, 2019).

14

Stefan Siven
The EU currently has an Effort Sharing Regulation (ESR) which aims at tackling the
emissions which lie outside the scope of the EU ETS (Greaker, et al. 2019). It sets out
policies and measures for climate change and energy, for instance for agriculture,
transport, waste, and buildings. The goal is to, by 2030, have (within these sectors)
combined reduced emissions of 30 per cent (base level 2005). Each country has their
own share to cover within this, with the Nordic countries having the highest reduction
goals. Sweden has a target of 40 per cent, with the target for Denmark and Finland
being 39 per cent (Greaker, et al. 2019). The ESR puts the focus on wealthy countries
to take more responsibility for emissions, with poorer countries such as Romania and
Bulgaria having targets of or near zero. The responsibility of the reductions in the ESR
and the creation of relevant strategies and policies is the responsibility of each
individual state (Carlén & Kriström, 2019)

Norway and Iceland are heavily involved in EU climate policy and take part in the EU
ETS. Norway and Iceland are also planning to voluntarily take part in the ESR with a
target of 40% to align themselves with EU climate policy (Greaker, et al. 2019 &
DECISION OF THE EEA JOINT COMMITTEE No.269/2019). All the Nordic
countries, even if not part of the EU, participate fully in EU climate policy and
regulation which makes them easy to compare since the reasons they work differently
are based on national (or local) policy rather than on EU policy (Greaker, et al. 2019).

15

Stefan Siven

3. Energy Security and Oil Dependency
This section will examine the link between transport and the energy security issues
that can rise from being dependent on oil as an energy source.

This case study focuses on energy policy within the transport sector, a sector which is
reliant on oil as its primary source for fuel. There are a number of reasons why
countries and their governments would wish to move away from using oil. The main
reasons behind this are energy security and environmental concerns, which a high
reliance of oil can contribute to. As we have seen in the previous sections, there is a
political will to fight climate change and for this to happen actions which control or
reduce oil usage are crucial. This is largely due to the fact that emissions from oil
usage is one of the top sources for greenhouse gases globally (Ajanovic, et al. 2016).
For instance, in the US, in 2017, energy-related carbon dioxide emission represented
93% of human-caused carbon dioxide emissions, according to the U.S. Energy
Information Administration (EIA). Petroleum represented 45% of these emissions,
which is a product largely derived from crude oil. This highlights how fundamental
reducing oil usage and transforming the transport sector is if climate change is to be
controlled. Aside from environmental concerns, oil can pose a security risk for
countries, especially those dependent on oil imports, which we will take a examine
closer in this section.

Energy security and oil are heavily related to each other. A number of developed and
middle-income countries have been actively trying to transition away from being
dependent on oil. Besides reducing oil usage, diversification of oil imports away from
Middle Eastern oil has also been a common policy to create a more robust supply
network (Vivioda, 2009). Several nations have, since the oil crisis, which occurred in
the 1970s, recognised the issue with their dependence on oil for their economy, with
the transport sector’s vulnerability raising alarms. Concerns of fluctuating prises, as
well as potential supply concerns have therefore prompted many nations to take
measures. Developed and seemingly powerful nations suffered immensely from the
16

Stefan Siven
oil crisis. The crisis highlighted the vulnerability of these nations on oil from the
Middle East, which even today is still a potential risk (Vivoda, 2009). As mentioned
previously, Sweden was among the nations which were affected by their dependency
during the crisis, with the paper industry being a notable victim of this which the
Swedish government had to intervene in to save (Person, et al. 2006).

The oil crisis in the 1970s forced the world to react to the energy security issues posed
by their dependency on Middle Eastern oil. As previously mentioned, diversifying
imports away from middle eastern oil was a common strategy. Prime examples of this
were the US and Japan, which made this their primary strategy of preventing future
crises relating to oil (Vivoda, 2009). Japan also worked to reduce their oil usage in
crucial industry sectors and created policy which promoted more efficient vehicles in
order to reduce oil usage (Vivoda, 2009). The UK and France also made conscious
efforts to diversify imports and invested in nuclear power following the crisis (Vivoda,
2009 & Helm, 2011). Sweden followed suit and worked to diversify their energy sector
as well, with the nation promoting and heavily investing in biofuels since they could
be used as substitutes in many sectors which have traditionally used oil (Bergquist &
Söderholm, 2014).

The unpredictability of the Middle East and global oil prices remain a key factor in
the transition away from oil, together with environmental concerns, as previously
mentioned. Besides concerns of the volatility of the Middle East, there are also
concerns that globally we have or are approaching peak oil.

The EU is reliant on imported oil, which is a major energy security concern, as the
price and supply are largely controlled by external factors. In 2017, according to
Eurostat, the net imports of oil into the EU was at 86.7 per cent. Russia supplied 163.1
million tonnes of crude oil to the EU, making it the largest single supplier (total
imports to the EU were 565.7 million tonnes). Being over reliant on any single source
of energy, especially if it is largely imported from a single supplier, can cause energy
security issues. This became apparent during the 1970’s oil crisis with the Middle East,
17

Stefan Siven
and more recently when gas supplies from Russia were disrupted due to the Ukrainian
& Russian conflict which saw several Eastern European nations struggle to meet gas
demand (Yafimava, 2011).

It is important to note that oil (and gas) are highly politicised in the global arena, with
many countries and their economies reliant on their exports. This is also very apparent
when it comes to international agreements, with many agreements failing to address
fossil fuels. The Paris Agreement, for instance, does not include the words “oil”,
“energy” or “fossil fuels”, even if it is clear that moving away from oil dependency
and fossil fuels is key to achieve the goal set out in the agreement (Van de Graaf,
2017).

3.1.

Oil in Transport

Oil is primarily used for transport in the EU, as can be seen in Figure 3, which shows
the consumption of oil in selected sectors. Roughly ⅔ of oil is used for road transport,
aviation, and shipping. In the EU, road transport is the second largest source for
greenhouse gasses (GHG), producing ¼ of all GHG in 2014 (Ajanovic, 2016). This
again highlights how crucial transport is in terms of oil usage and pollution. Even with
more efficient cars, the share of transport in the total energy consumed has also grown
in the EU from 26 per cent in 1990 to 32 per cent in 2012 (Ajanovic, 2016).

The oil consumption trends are similar to those in Sweden, where most of the oil is
also used primarily for transport, making transport a crucial sector to tackle in relation
to transitioning away from oil.

18

Stefan Siven

Figure 3. Consumption of oil in selected sectors, EU-28, 2017 - Source: Eurostat.

19

Stefan Siven

4. Method
This study will examine the Swedish transport transition and analyse it as a case study.
How the policies behind this transition resonate with economic and policy theory will
be examined, with an aim to see how economic theory is used in practice. More
specifically, the differences between theory and practice will be examined and
considerations why these differences occur and how the outcomes are affected by
them. Understanding if the actual policies implemented differ from theory could prove
useful for other nations who struggle with similar issues to Sweden. Policy and policy
creation are informed by economic and other theory, but in reality, policy is largely
guided by ideology, which sets targets and requirements which guide these policies
(Korkman, 2015). These ideological hurdles create compromises and concessions that
can make policies sub-optimal in one regard or another since they differ from a raw
theoretical approach. This is the reality which economist and policymakers need to
consider and work with to ensure the most effective policy given the political
circumstances (Korkman, 2015).
Sweden was chosen as a case study as it is generally considered a pioneer in alternative
transport fuels globally (Johnson & Silveira, 2014). The literature on Sweden is also
relatively plentiful and the policymaking in the country is overall transparent, which
is crucial for the analysis. The country also offers insight in a Nordic context as well
as in an EU context. The next section will examine some of the theory that should be
understood for the analysis of the case.

20

Stefan Siven

5. Theory
This section will examine some of the concepts and policy tools which will help us
analyse the reasoning behind the actions taken and to understand them better. We will
start with the hypothesis of peak oil and move to externalities, as these are two
prominent arguments for why policy and intervention in the market is required. After
this we will examine policy tools which can be used to intervene in the market, for
example, Pigouvian taxation.

5.1.

Peak Oil

Peak oil is a hypothesis around the assumption that globally there will be an oil
production peak, after which supply will fall sharply with demand remaining largely
the same. The oil peak hypothesis first emerged in the 1950’s and has been the subject
of critique and fascination by both politicians and economist for decades (Helm,
2011). Peak oil predictions have changed over the decades, with “original” predictions
predicting peak oil in the early 2000s (Bardi, 2019). However, as we know, oil
production growth has not stopped to this day (Bardi, 2019 & IEA, 2018). Current
predictions estimate peak oil to occur in the coming 20 years.

According to Helm (2011), the concept of peak oil, and the possible repercussions of
it, has globally shaped energy policy and policy in general. Helm’s critique is that
governments around the world should focus their energy policy on moving away from
the peak oil concerns and embrace the strides in electrification of vehicles, or to utilise
shale gas instead when oil supply is reduced. The traditional hypothesis for peak oil
emerged from our planet’s physical limits, the depletion of resources, and our inability
to keep producing at the same pace when exploration and extraction costs grow out of
hand (Helm, 2011). The second way in which peak oil could be reached is that there
could be a political peak oil instead of a physical one. The oil industry is essentially
21

Stefan Siven
run by a cartel, the OPEC, along with a few other nations (Helm, 2011). OPEC has the
power to create a political peak in oil production to increase their profit and create a
peak oil before the physical limits to peak oil are reached (Helm, 2011).

Peak oil could create supply issues and increase the global price of oil, crippling
unprepared economies (Hall, 2016 & Persson, et al. 2006). Peak oil together with
increasing energy demands from developing nations, mainly in Asia, could push oil
prices higher, which further creates incentives to move away from oil if at all possible,
and to move away from the energy security issues posed by an overreliance on oil
(Schneider-Mayerson, 2015). Globally, the demand for oil is constantly increasing,
largely due to macroeconomic factors (economic growth in developing nations) and
population growth (Helm, 2011 & IEA, 2018).

Peak oil predictions have varied throughout history and still today there is no
consensus on the matter. Chapman (2014) lists dozens of different peak oil predictions
from academic, business and international organisations in his article, “The end of
Peak Oil? Why this topic is still relevant despite recent denials”. These predictions
vary greatly and highlight the uncertainty of the factors behind peak oil and its
predictions. Certain predictions support the idea of peak oil having occurred over a
decade ago, whereas some predict it to happen in the coming decades, and some for it
never to occur.

One of the reasons why predictions are difficult to make according to Chapman (2014)
is due to the unreliability of the data on extraction and reserves. From OPEC countries
the data comes from state-controlled agencies, which tend to misreport due to financial
and political pressures. OPEC countries produce ¾ of oil globally, which makes
misreporting problematic for researchers. In addition to this, Russia, the biggest
conventional-oil producer outside of OPEC, declared in 2004 that all data on oil is a
state secret (Chapman, 2014).

22

Stefan Siven
Figure 4 depicts a possible peak oil scenario, compiled by Li (2017), which is merely
one of multiple predictions as highlighted by Chapman (2014). This graph depicts a
classical peak oil scenario. However, to understand its full impact on a country and
globally, many economists and policymakers include other variables in the figure.
This could include, for instance, adding clear substitutes for oil, meaning other liquid
or liquefiable energy sources, and in other depictions adding all energy sources to
these figures (Li, 2017). On a country level, for instance in Sweden, utilising these
potential substitutes could be seen as a policy target in order to minimise the effects
of a global peak oil by increasing the availability of substitutes, for instance biogas as
a substitute to oil. If the potential of substitutes reaches a high enough level in a
country, effects of peak oil could, at least locally, be controlled. However, unprepared
nations and nations with increasing energy demand, specifically for oil, could suffer
greatly from peak oil which might affect the global economy adversely. Economic
growth, especially in Asia and Africa, is expected to lead to a surge in energy demand
globally in the coming decades, putting a strain on the supply of energy from various
sources (Li, 2017).

Figure 4. Peak Oil prediction - Source Li (2017).

23

Stefan Siven

5.2.

Externalities and Market Failure

Greenhouse gases and other environmental pollution and destruction is often a
biproduct of an economic activity. This pollution and destruction is considered a
negative externality, meaning it creates a cost to a third party, who are in turn not part
of the consumption of the product which creates this pollution but still have to suffer
from the repercussions of the consumption (Calmfors & Hassler, 2019). Externalities
are the result of market failure; these market failures are among the main reasons why
economists and policymakers intervene in markets. For instance, the benefits of using
fossil fuels are generally limited to the ones using it, but the burden is carried by
everyone. The externalities can also spread across borders, making the externalities
harder to combat since it requires international cooperation (Calmfors & Hassler,
2019). National policy only works within the borders of a country, such as taxation
and regulations which try to mimic the monetary cost of pollution created within the
nation (Calmfors & Hassler, 2019).
Climate change is a complex issue, and even if we measure this in temperature rises
and emissions, the consequences are diverse and vary across time and effect regions
differently. This makes quantifying the costs of the externalities, such as their effects
on climate change and human health, difficult (Calmfors & Hassler, 2019). There is
also a concern with free riding nations that prioritise, for instance, economic growth
over controlling these externalities, since they are a burden that is also carried by other
nations. Climate change is an example of externality of the economic activity on the
planet, which is shared by everyone.

5.3.

Policy Tools

Policy making is a way for governments to push their political visions by creating
programmes and actions which deliver real world outcomes that align with their vision
(Cabinet office, 1999). It is therefore important to remember that policy is made
24

Stefan Siven
largely by and to serve a political vision, and that policy creation is therefore also
subject to the needs and wishes of the ones in power. In the realm of energy policy,
there are a number of concerns and priorities which governments can have. As
previously mentioned, environmental concerns and energy security concerns are
among some of the most common ones. In Nordic governance, these tend to be among
the top priorities, especially environmental concerns (Person et.al, 2006 & Carlén &
Kriström, 2019). Other priorities in energy policy could be controlling market
structures (monopoly & state control), inequality (rural areas & energy poverty), and
economic growth. In terms of the present case study, it is assumed that there is a policy
drive to transform the transport sector, which is an assumption the existing policy and
rhetoric by governments seems to support. An interesting issue to explore is whether
some other policy objectives held by the Swedish government could explain any
differences between theory and real-world policy. This could further advance our
understanding affecting this type of decision-making.

There are a number of policy tools available for policymakers. This section discusses
some of the most common tools that are used when creating environmental policy or
energy policy. Policy and political decisions can be used to influence individuals and
organisations (Corell & Söderberg, 2005). When creating policy, it is important to be
aware of all possible consequences of the policy since many decisions can have other
unintended effects. Governments can use a number of policies in terms of transport.
In EU member states, these can generally be categorised as standards, which are
largely set at an EU level, and fiscal policy measures that individual member states
can implement to intervene in the market (e.g. taxation) (Ajanovic, et al. 2016). In
addition to these, different levels of government can adopt soft levers which can be
used to shift opinion and consumption (e.g. education and nudging) (Croson & Treich,
2014 & Marbuah, 2019).

25

Stefan Siven

5.3.1. Pigouvian Taxation

In his book “The Economics of Welfare” published in 1920, Pigou further develops
the previously discussed externalities concept. In his view, externalities need to be
addressed in fiscal policy, which has led to what we now know as Pigouvian taxation.
Pigou suggested that negative externalities should have a tax applied to them, whereas
positive externalities should receive a subsidy. This is the general concept behind
Pigouvian taxation. We can find examples of Pigouvian taxation globally, with it being
commonly applied to petrol, tobacco, and alcohol. Pigouvian taxation is generally
viewed as the optimal tool to correct externalities and a standard tool which can be
complemented by other policy measures (Hindriks & Myles., 2013).

Direct market interventions, such as taxation and subsidies, are classical examples of
how governments can alter production and consumption in order to achieve their goals.
Many environmental examples of this can be observed in everyday life, such as petrol
tax, which exists in most developed nations in order to reduce consumption and
promote more efficient vehicles. Pigouvian taxation is a special policy tool which
applies taxes on market activities which generate negative externalities. In our case
study, this could be applied to greenhouse gases (GHG) or any other type of pollution
which could be considered a negative externality which is produced from transport
(Pasour, 1996). This is the general idea behind Pigouvian taxation. However, there are
several different “versions” that adapt the original idea of Pigou. The opposite to
Pigouvian tax would be Pigouvian subsidies, which work to reward companies that
produce positive externalities (Carlton & Loury, 1980).

Figure 5 depicts how a Pigouvian tax works. As previously mentioned, the aim is to
tackle the negative externalities of production, and to enhance efficiency (Hindriks &
Myles, 2013). The private marginal benefit (PMB) is always in excess in regard to the
social marginal benefit (SMB) without intervention when there is an externality. This
requires a tax in order reach an efficient consumption level (Hindriks & Myles, 2013).
A Pigouvian tax (t) increases the private marginal cost (PMC) to achieve this level.
26

Stefan Siven

Figure 5. Pigouvian Taxation & externalities- Source: Hindriks & Myles (2013).

The problem with Pigouvian taxation is determining the correct level of the tax, since
it requires significant information and time for the decision makers to change the
consumption correctly towards the most efficient levels of consumption (Hindriks &
Myles, 2013). This problem is also especially apparent when it comes to the
environment and pollution. For instance, the effects of different greenhouse gases are
hard to measure since global warming is a complex matter and pollutions affect
countries and cities differently globally (Calmfors & Hassler, 2019). The effects of
pollution in one country also affects the residents in neighbouring countries and
potentially the entire planet, further making it more difficult for governments to decide
on the correct levels of taxation and consumption. This all makes finding the optimal
taxation level difficult, and when dealing with international externalities, such as
greenhouse gases, requires international cooperation. Taxation on petrol and diesel
can also prove difficult since the price of oil is constantly fluctuating. Figure 6 shows
an example of this, with taxes levied on petrol fuels in selected EU countries.
However, it is important to note that there are tools other than taxation to control
emissions and consumption, many of which we will explore in coming sections.
Nevertheless, it gives an interesting look into how differently tax levels are applied in
the EU.

27

Stefan Siven

Figure 6. A comparison of taxes levied on motor fuels - Source: Nagy (2013).

5.3.2. Licenses

Instead of using Pigouvian taxes, governments can use licenses in order to restrict
production to a level which they deem optimal for society (Hindriks & Myles, 2013).
Licenses have largely the same effect as Pigouvian taxation, however it can, in many
cases, prove to be a cheaper alternative over Pigouvian taxation since it requires less
information and effort in trying to find the optimal tax level in order to reach optimal
consumption (Hindriks & Myles, 2013). Liski et al. (2019) argue that licenses are
effective when there is a clear target for the consumption, for instance a reduction of
X%. Governments can achieve this reduction though either taxation or licenses.
However, the level of taxation can be hard to exactly determine since consumption
can be affected in other ways, whereas a license clearly caps the consumption to the
target level (Liski, et al. 2019).

28

Stefan Siven

5.3.3. Standards and Regulation

Standards and regulations are another example of classic policy tools which are
commonly used in energy and environmental policy. This could include standards for
products and banning certain products or processes. The EU, for instance, has emission
regulations for cars which limits how much CO₂ they are allowed to emit per km, with
penalties for cars which exceed these set limits (Santos, 2017). Regulation is an
effective way for policymakers to limit cars that consume large amounts of oil from
entering their market. It is also a cheap policy lever that can be easily controlled. A
downside to a policy like this is that it tends to only apply to new cars, as in the case
with the EU regulation, making it a more long-term solution (Ajanovic, et al.2016).

5.3.4. Ownership & Monopoly

Direct governmental (public) control is also a very common policy tool, especially in
the energy sector since many governments are concerned with energy security and
wish to directly influence this sector. Direct ownership of public transport could also
be an efficient tool in cities and city areas to reduce private car usage, pollution, and
oil usage. If a city/region/national government has ambitions to reduce oil usage, they
could spend more money on improving public transport. Private firms which operate
public transport are doing so for profit, rather than for the environmental and social
benefits which good public transport can contribute to. Reduced prices or free public
transport has been tested in a variety of places (Cats, et al. 2017). For example, free
public transport was introduced in Tallinn to local residents which proved to increase
demand with minimal increased costs to the local government (Cats, et al. 2017). This
policy has expanded nation-wide in Estonia, with local governments eligible for
funding from the national government if they wish to introduce free public transport
in their areas of operation.

29

Stefan Siven

Good and accessible public transport has been shown to increase usage of public
transport and improve air quality in cities (Kelly, et al. 2016). However, improving
public transport can be costly for cities, and if owned by a private firm, governments
might be reluctant to contribute financially to its development depending on the
political situation in the country or potential laws which might prevent governments
from interfering financially.

5.3.5. Funding and Investment

Governments can use financial means to promote their own goals and objectives, even
environmental ones. Governments can spend money on research and development
(R&D), investments, financially supporting projects, and by subsidising production or
consumption as it desires. In terms of R&D within ZLEVs, small countries, such as
the Nordic countries, tend not to have potential since these projects are generally
spearheaded by large countries which excel in the transport sector (e.g. USA, China
& Germany) (Liski, et al. 2019). However, smaller countries and their governments
can still invest, for instance, in the infrastructure that green technologies use. Liski, et
al. (2019) use the example of Norway, where the government helped fund and
subsidise the electric vehicle charging network as well as the cars themselves. In a
matter of years, this created a network of charging points across Norway which is
needed in order to make electric cars viable as a good substitute for conventional cars
(Liski, et al. 2019).

30

Stefan Siven

6. Analysis: Swedish Transport Policy
This section examines Swedish transport goals, development, and policy tools. It starts
by outlining climate and transport targets which are currently in use or have been used
in Sweden, focusing on national and EU targets. This is followed by an examination
of how Sweden has fared in terms of these targets. After having examined these targets
and the Swedish progress, specific policy tools that have been used in Sweden will be
presented and examined within the context of the framework for policy tools discussed
in the previous chapter.

6.1.

Climate Targets and Law

Sweden, as any EU country, is bound by EU law, directives, and regulations. These
lay the foundation for Swedish policy, as these are, generally, the minimal
requirements that a country should fulfil as an EU member state. Additionally, the
national government of Sweden has adopted national goals and targets to complement
or, in some cases, exceed EU targets. The applicable targets for the case study will be
presented below, starting off with EU targets which are applicable to Sweden in regard
to the case study, followed by the relevant national targets.

The European Commission directive (2009/28/EC) is at the centre of how climate and
transport policies have been shaped in the past decade within the EU and Sweden
(Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). The directive states the overarching goals for the
EU member states to be achieved by 2020. The directive states that by 2020, the
overall target for the EU is to have 20 per cent of energy produced from renewable
sources (gross final consumption). The individual member states have separate
national goals set by the EU, so that the EU as a whole would reach the 20 per cent
target. These national goals were determined by the member states’ starting point and
the potential which they could reach within the timeframe for their share of
renewables, with richer nations usually expected to contribute more to the change.
Sweden has the highest goal within this directive amongst the member states, with a
31

Stefan Siven
49 per cent goal for the share of renewables (European Commission directive
2009/28/EC). As mentioned previously, transport is a large contributor to greenhouse
gases and a large user of fossil fuels and tackling transport can help nations achieve
their goals within this directive. For instance, in 2017 the transport sector in Sweden
contributed to 45 per cent of greenhouse gas emissions in the Swedish energy system
(Bramstoft & Skytte, 2017).

The same directive (2009/28/EC) also has provisions regarding the transport sector.
The directive legally binds nations to have a minimum of ten per cent renewable
energy sources in their transport sector. This ten per cent target counts fuels (petrol,
diesel, biodiesel etc.) as well as electric inputs. Specifically, with regards to fuels, the
directive stipulates that fuel suppliers need to reduce their GHG outputs from fuel
sources by six per cent. This reduction is achieved by fuel providers producing a
variety of renewable fuels, or by incorporating renewables in a mix with traditional,
more polluting fuels (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a).

The EU and some of its more current policies were examined in an earlier chapter.
However, a summary containing relevant targets for our case study will be presented.
The EU, under von der Leyer, is developing a new “Green Deal” which includes
targets and policy tools for curbing climate change, with the ultimate goal of the EU
to become carbon neutral by 2050. The deal was presented in December 2019 and has
been under development during the spring 2020, with the commission initiating the
process make it into law in March 2020. The deal stipulates that Europe should be the
first “climate neutral continent” by 2050 (European Commission, 2019). The Green
Deal has a short-term reduction target for GHGs by 2030 at 50-55 per cent (compared
with 1990). This changes the target which was set in the EU climate framework for
2020-2030, which was adopted in 2014 and revised in 2018 to a target of 40%, which
means that the emissions target for the EU for 2030 has changed trice in the past six
years.

32

Stefan Siven
One of the key topics in the Green Deal is transport (European Commission, 2019).
The Green Deal states that in order to reach climate neutrality by 2050, transport
emissions must be reduced by 90 per cent. The Commission is working on a number
of different commissions and laws to further sustainable and smart mobility within the
framework of the Green Deal, with a number of propositions, directives and laws in
consideration or planned for 2021 (European Commission, 2019). This all makes the
Green Deal a crucial strategy for climate and transport policy, including targets and
policy tools for the coming decades. However, at this point, the deal is still in its early
stages and analysing it and its implications to the topic at hand is far too early. Besides
the Green Deal, as mentioned earlier, the ESR aims at curbing emissions and includes
reduction targets for 2030, with an EU-wide reduction target of 30 per cent and for
Sweden 40 per cent (compared with 2005). The ESR includes transport, and as such
gives us an indicative reduction target for the transport sector in Sweden of 40 per cent
if all sectors within the ESR would reduce emissions equally.

In terms of national policy, in 2008, the Swedish Parliament adopted climate goals for
2020 (Regeringskansliet, 2010). This included a target of 50 per cent renewable in
energy production, one percentage point higher than the EU goal set the following
year. The Swedish Parliament also defined a goal of ten per cent for renewables in
transport, the same goal as set by the EU (Regeringskansliet, 2010). The EU and
national goals for Sweden for 2020 are very similar; it is interesting to note that the
EU goal of 49 per cent renewables was set after Sweden bound itself to a goal of 50
per cent. However, with the addition of the EU directives targets, the Swedish
government set forth bills to make the targets, with relation to the added aspects of the
EU directive, more stringent (Regeringskansliet, 2010). This could imply that with the
EU setting targets on Sweden, these goals were now taken more seriously by the
Swedish government, even if the national targets generally align with the EU goals set
for 2020.

In 2016, the Swedish government adopted the national framework for climate change
policy, which serves as the framework for national climate policy in Sweden (Hassler,
et al. 2020). The framework, in short, consists of one long-term emission reduction
33

Stefan Siven
goal, two milestone targets, and a separate target for the transport sector (Hassler, et
al. 2020). The long-term target for the Swedish government is for the net emissions
from Swedish territory to be zero by 2045. The framework stipulates that the emissions
need to be reduced by a minimum of 85 per cent by 2045 compared with 1990, with
the remainder possibly compensated through a variety of means (Hassler, et al. 2020).
This goal requires emissions from transport to be significantly reduced, and the
framework therefore sets an ambitious target for the transport sector.

The government aims at reducing emissions from transport (excluding air travel) by
70 per cent by 2030, compared with 2010 emissions. The transport emissions are not
to be compensated in any way, unlike the long-term emissions goal for 2045 (Hassler,
et al. 2020). These national goals set in the framework are more ambitious than the
EU goals set for Sweden, which is reasonable since Sweden needs to meet the EU
targets regardless of national goals (Hassler, et al. 2020). It is, however, interesting to
remember that even within EU targets, which differentiate goals for different member
states, Sweden is always expected to outperform the EU wide goals in a number of
goals set out by the EU, therefore it is only natural for Sweden to do so in regard to
their national policy as well (Hassler, et al. 2020). Table 1 summarises the key
environmental targets for Sweden.

Table 1. Selected environmental targets applicable for Sweden

Year

Context

Target

2020

EU (2009/28/EC)

49%

renewables,

gross

consumption
2020

EU (2009/28/EC)

10%

renewables

in

transport
2020

EU (2009/28/EC)

6% lower GHG in fuel

2020

National

50%

renewables,

gross

consumption
2030

EU (ESR)

40 reduction in GHG (base
2005)

34

Stefan Siven
2030

National

70% reduction in GHG in
transport (base 2010)

2045

National

Carbon neutral Sweden

2050

EU (Green Deal)

Carbon neutral EU

6.2.

Development Towards Targets

This section will examine the development in Swedish towards the aforementioned
goals.

Currently, in 2020, it is interesting to examine how Sweden fared with goals which
are set for this year. However, we cannot be definitive in our conclusions since most
of the reporting for the 2020 development will occur in 2021 in respect to these targets
(Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). However, Sweden has already shown its capacity
to reach some of these targets. Sweden managed to reach the renewable energy share
target of 49 per cent, stipulated in the directive (2009/28/EC) for 2020, as well as its
national target of 50 per cent, by 2012 (IEA Bioenergy, 2018). In regard to the ten per
cent renewable share in transport, Sweden managed to achieve this target already in
2011 (IEA Bioenergy, 2018).

With regards to the fuel suppliers meeting their six per cent reduction target in GHG
emissions, in 2018, 51 of the 58 suppliers which were legally bound to report their
reductions in Sweden had met the six per cent reduction target (Statens
energimyndighet, 2019a). A certification market is currently under development for
companies which are struggling to meet the six per cent reduction target. The
certification market can provide help for companies which are struggling to
incorporate biocomponents in their fuel mix (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). This
could include companies that cannot use biocomponents in their fuel mix for a variety
of reasons or standards which are in place, for example, suppliers who specialise in
fuels for cold climates (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a).
35

Stefan Siven

The Swedish Energy Agency (Statens energimyndighet) published in 2019 the report
on transport fuels for 2018, which is the most recent, in-depth report from the agency
on fuel usage in Sweden. The report found that in 2018, 22.9 per cent of fuel
(GWh/GWh) was from renewable sources (biocomponents), with less than a third of
this used in their pure form, with the rest incorporated into petrol or diesel. The share
of biocomponents was 23 per cent (vol/vol) in diesel and 6.3 per cent (vol/vol) in petrol
in 2018 (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). The share of biocomponents used in fuel
has risen every year in the 2010s, starting from a 5.1 per cent share in 2011 to the
previously mentioned 22.9 per cent in 2018 (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). These
numbers do not include electric components; however, the Swedish Energy Agency
has estimated the share of different sources used in the transport sector (Figure 7).

Figure 7. Final energy use in the transport sector, 2017 - Source: Statens energimyndighet (2019b).

These estimates are from 2017, unlike the earlier discussed numbers which were from
2018. We can discern from the figure that, at least in 2017, biologically derived fuels
were far more popular than electricity. Measuring exact numbers for electric vehicle
usage is more difficult than measuring traditional fuels and biofuels, since electricity
usage for specific purposes is more difficult to trace. However, getting data on the
number of electric vehicles or hybrid vehicles registered in Sweden, or the number of
public electric charging points, is more feasible. Numerous webpages and databases
provide up-to-date information about electric vehicle sales and electric charging
points.
36

Stefan Siven

In Sweden, elbilsstatistik.se provides information regarding these aspects (for global
sales of plug-in vehicles see, for instance, ev-volumes.com). According to
elbilsstatistik, in March 2020 there were 112 408 plug-in cars in Sweden, of which 1/3
were fully electric and 2/3 hybrid cars. This represents 2 per cent of cars in use in
Sweden. In March 2020, there were 10 002 public charging points. The number of
plug-in vehicles has grown by 51 per cent in the 12 months leading to March 2020.
This shows that there seems to be a growing desire to purchase plug-in vehicles in the
past years. This is also illustrated in Figure 8, which shows the market share of plugin vehicles for the four countries with the highest market share globally (share of plugin vehicles sold in any given year). This shows that the market share has been growing
steadily during the past five years, with the market share in 2019 at 11 per cent in
Sweden.

Figure 8. Market Share of Plug-in Vehicles - Source: cleantechnica.com.

37

Stefan Siven

6.3.

Policy Tools

This section will examine the policy tools used in Sweden in order to transform the
transport sector. The tools will be examined with the economic framework on policy
tools in mind, which was presented in earlier chapters.

6.3.1. Taxation and Subsidy

As mentioned previously, taxation is a traditional tool implemented to change the
consumers behaviour (Hindriks & Myles, 2013). Pigouvian taxation is used to curb
the externalities which production and consumption of a product can potentially cause.
This chapter will examine policy tools that generally could be considered as a taxation
or a subsidy which have been used in Sweden in order to promote the transformation
of the transport sector.

Swedish taxation was reformed in 1990/91 in the so-called “great Swedish tax reform”
(Klein & Olovsson, 2019). This was when most goods and services received a VAT
on them, whereas before the reform, most services were VAT-free (Klein &
Olovsson). This tax reform saw products differentiated by the level of tax added to
them, with ones which could be considered having a positive externality or potential
to increase the general welfare in society to have a lower VAT rate (e.g. food, cultural
services, books etc.). The tax reform era also included a massive environmental tax
reform (Hoerner & Bosquet, 2001). This included taxes on different polluters, for
instance on CO₂ (Hoerner & Bosquet, 2001). This also led to the adoption of a new
VAT on petrol in Sweden in 1990 (Hesselborn, 1994). This environmental tax reform
serves as the basis for environmental tax policy in Sweden to this day (Hassler, et al.
2020).

The implementation of the petrol tax was motivated by the harmful pollutions to
human health and the environment which are produced by petrol and diesel usage
38

Stefan Siven
when driving cars (Hesselborn, 1994). This is a classic argument when implementing
a Pigouvian tax and fits perfectly into the framework which was established earlier.
The goal of this taxation is to change consumption behaviour. This change could
include change of transport modes to public transport or cycling, investment in more
efficient cars, as well as reduction in driving (Hesselborn, 1994). In addition to the
VAT on petrol and diesel, fossil fuels, petrol and diesel are taxed based on the amount
of CO2 they emit (which is counted using the carbon content for each respective
energy source) (Hesselborn, 1994). In 1991, the price of one ton of CO₂ was set at
SEK 250, and this has been gradually increased and in 2019 was priced at SEK 1180
(Hassler, et al. 2020). The idea behind a gradual increase is that consumers and
producers have time to adjust their behaviour slowly rather than drastically (Hassler,
et al. 2020).

Assuming the current taxes on fuel are closer to the actual price of the externalities
caused by the consumption and pollution from these fuels, the taxation in earlier years
was suboptimal in regard to Pigouvian taxation, since the tax applied did not account
for the externalities in their entirety. Instead, by gradually increasing the taxation, the
government prioritised protecting the economy and its citizens from a sudden price
shock in energy (and fuel) prices, which would have followed if current day taxes were
immediately applied in 1991. This points to different priorities from the Swedish
government, rather than effectively reducing externalities caused by these pollutants.
However, Hassler, et al. (2020) point out that the gradual increase could have helped
with public acceptance of the tax. Public acceptance and attitude towards these
measures could potentially have a positive effect on the success of transforming the
transport sector and could be a crucial reason why Sweden is in the process of
transforming its transport sector to a greener one.

Consumption of biofuels are not taxed in Sweden, even if they generate CO₂ (Hassler,
et al. 2020). Biofuels have been subsidised in Sweden in the past, but since 2007 they
have largely only been tax exempt (IEA Bioenergy, 2018). This is mainly due to EU
state aid regulation, which has deemed subsidies on biofuels as “overcompensation”
relative to the high price of fossil transport fuels in the past years (before COVID-19),
39

Stefan Siven
which is not allowed by the regulation (IEA Bioenergy, 2018). EU regulation on state
aid has also, between 2014 and 2020, prevented certain aspects of the bioeconomy
from being tax exempt and from receiving subsidies (IEA Bioenergy, 2018). However,
as previously mentioned, biofuels used for transport are still tax exempt for the
consumer to this day to in order to promote the shift to greener fuels and transport
(Hassler, et al. 2020).

Regarding economic theory, this tax exemption does give biofuels an advantage over
traditional fuels, which are heavily taxed. The tax exemption is not directly a subsidy,
but in many aspects has the same characteristics; instead of receiving money from the
government, it gets to keep all of its revenue, unlike other traditional fuels which are
heavily taxed. This is the governments way of gearing consumption towards biofuels
by lowering its price by not taxing it. However, were the government willing to
directly subsidise biofuels, it is subject to strict EU regulations which largely prevent
this, as previously mentioned. This limits the government, as it seems to want to
financially support biofuels, and with the current situation it seems the government is
doing as much as it possibly can.

Besides having taxes on fuel, governments can also tax the polluting vehicle itself,
promoting the consumption of greener and more efficient cars as well as to tax more
inefficient and polluting cars, in accordance with the ideas of Pigou. This tends to take
place as a registration tax on new vehicles (e.g. in Finland), ownership tax (e.g. UK)
or both (e.g. Ireland). These taxes are based on a variety of measures and vary from
country to country (Ajanovic, et al. 2014). In Sweden, an annual ownership tax in
vehicles is used. The tax is based on the weight of the car as well as its CO₂ emissions
(Ajanovic, et al. 2014). This tax is aimed at promoting smaller, less polluting vehicles.
The benefit of applying an annual tax rather than a registration tax is that it incentivises
the consumer to change cars faster than a registration tax. A registration tax is payed
when purchasing a new vehicle, which has been proven to incentivise the consumer to
prolong buying a new car for as long as the consumer thinks viable (Ajanovic, et al.
2014). Assuming that older cars pollute more, a registration tax can delay the shift to
a greener vehicle fleet (Ajanovic, et al. 2014). Considering this fact, Sweden seems to
40

Stefan Siven
have chosen a more efficient taxation system, at least according to the results found
by Ajanovic, et al. (2014). More recently, the vehicle taxation has been extended with
a subsidy policy, which will be discussed next.

In addition to having a tax on polluting vehicles, Sweden has a subsidy in place for
zero- and low emission vehicles (ZLEVs) (Hassler, et al. 2020). The current subsidy
was introduced in 2018 and grants the buyers of new ZLEVs a subsidy for the car (at
the earliest six months after the purchase to prevent abuse of the system). A fully
electric vehicle, which is considered to have zero emissions, receives a subsidy of SEK
60 000, and low emission cars receives a subsidy with a reduction of SEK 833 per
gram CO₂ per kilometre up to 60 grams CO₂ per kilometre, which equals a subsidy of
SEK 10 000. For cars polluting between 60 grams and 95 grams CO₂ per kilometre,
no additional tax or subsidy is applied, and on cars above 95 grams CO₂ per kilometre,
a more expensive ownership tax is applied for the first three years from purchase
(Hassler, et al. 2020). This is done to further discourage investments in polluting
vehicles and to promote lower emission vehicles by using monetary incentives to
promote this change (Hassler, et al. 2020).

This subsidy and heavier taxation scheme seem to be a policy that has its roots in
Pigouvian taxation and Pigouvian subsidisation. The ownership tax and subsidy work
together as incentives for the consumer to invest in more environmentally friendly
vehicles. These two policy tools could affect consumer decisions and help to
contribute to the transport transition in Sweden. Hassler, et al. (2020), see the potential
of the subsidy on ZLEVs and the increased ownership tax on more polluting vehicles,
to complement the taxes on fuel and the tax exemption on biofuels in increasing the
share of ZLEVs on Swedish roads. The subsidy could also explain the fast growth of
plug-in vehicles which has taken place recently, which could mean that the subsidy is
a good policy to incentivise this shift in the transport sector.

41

Stefan Siven

6.3.2. EU Regulation

The EU ETS and ESR, which were discussed in previous sections, concern the output
of greenhouse gases and CO₂ more generally, however the EU also has specific
policies and tools to address environmental issues and emitters, including transport.
This section will examine the EU regulation which relates to the fleet emission targets
for new passenger car fleets.

The EU has emission targets for new passenger cars, which defines the maximum CO₂
which new passenger cars are allowed to emit. New passenger cars have a fleet
emission target (for each manufacturer), rather than individual (Ajanovic, et al. 2016).
The average of the new fleet’s CO₂ emissions for each manufacturer is measured and
has had legally binding targets or maximums for 2015, 2020, 2025 and 2030. The 2015
and 2020 targets were 130g CO2/km and 95g CO2/km, respectively. If individual
manufacturers had average emission levels above the limit value, they would have to
pay a premium for each car over the target (Ajanovic, et al. 2016). Before 2019, the
price of this premium would increase with the first gram of CO2 over the target adding
5 EUR per vehicle registered. The second and third would add 15 EUR and 25 EUR
respectively, with the fourth and each consecutive gram of CO2 adding 95 EUR
(Ajanovic, et al. 2016).

The coming decade has reduction targets of 15% (2025) and 37.5% (2030) for cars
and 15% (2025) and 31% (2030) for vans. These targets are EU fleet-wide standards
and are based on a manufacturer’s newly registered vehicles using 2021 as the base
year for these reductions (European Parliament & European Council, 2019). This
means that we will not know until the end of 2021 the exact reduction numbers for
2025 and 2030. The EU regulation allows manufacturers some leeway for these targets
via an incentive mechanism for zero- and low-emission vehicles (ZLEV). This
incentive will be introduced from 2025 onwards and will reward manufacturers which
produce (register) a high number of ZLEVs. For instance, in 2025 the target for ZLEVs
(cars) is 15%. A one per cent point exceedance from the benchmark will increase the
42

Stefan Siven
manufacturers CO2 target by one percentage point, with a maximum increase of five
percentage points. This measure was included to incentivise ZLEVs in the European
market (European Parliament & European Council, 2019). This regulation targets and
financially incentivises producers rather than consumers. The manufacturers need to
meet these EU targets or face penalties, which are incrementally set lower in order to
reduce emissions in the EU over time (Ajanovic, et al. 2016).

Ajanovic, et al. (2016), study the effects of CO₂ tax, vehicle tax and the previously
examined EU regulation. A concern which they express is that there might be a
rebound effect when the vehicle fleet becomes more energy efficient. This could lead
to people driving more with their more efficient cars, since the price per km is reduced
(given that the price of fuel stays the same). This could be a problem, but the effect of
it could be reduced if the price of fuel also rises in a similar way to counter act the
rebound effect (Ajanovic, et al. 2016). This highlights the importance of each policy
tool, since if used correctly they can complement each other.

The EU has other directives and regulations that relate to climate and transport policy,
with another notable directive being the 2018/844/EU directive dealing with energy
performance and efficiency of buildings (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). The
directive includes provisions also on electric vehicle charging points. The directive
demands that, when building residential as well as commercial buildings or areas with
parking areas with more than ten or more parking spaces, charging infrastructure must
be made available for electric vehicles. When a bigger renovation is taken place in
building premises with ten or more parking spaces, they are also required to install
charging infrastructure. The execution of this directive is naturally left to national
governments and legislation, with the details to be clarified in national law (Statens
energimyndighet, 2019a). This should in theory increase the availability of charging
points throughout the EU, which can increase the usage of plug-in vehicles, since the
charging network becomes more robust and available.

43

Stefan Siven

6.3.3. Investment Programmes

The Swedish government has investment support programmes in place which support
the Swedish environmental goals through financially supporting and investing in green
projects (Hassler, et al. 2020). This includes, for instance, Klimatklivet (Climate Leap)
and Industriklivet (Industry Leap), which are two prominent green investment
programmes in Sweden (Hassler, et al 2020). These investment programmes and
relevant measures will be presented in this chapter. Other investment programmes
which are applicable to our case study will be presented after these two.

Klimatklivet is an investment support programme directed at local and regional level
in Sweden. Financial support from Klimatklivet is available for businesses, housing
associations, municipal governments, and regional governments for investment help
in green projects. The programme was established in 2015 by the Swedish
government, and between 2015 and 2018, 3200 different projects received investment
support within the framework of this programme, totalling SEK 4,8 billion (Hassler,
et al. 2020). Out of these 3200 investments, 66 per cent were given to funding public
electric charging points for vehicles (Hassler, et al. 2020). Klimatklivet funds up to 50
per cent of the cost of installing a charging point, with a number of demands for
funding the investment, for instance, the new charging point needs to add to the value
of the charging network (meaning for instance, that it is in an area that has good
accessibility and is in need of new charging points) (Ruuskanen, 2019).

A large number of charging points received funding from Klimatklivet; however, this
only represented nine per cent in monetary terms within the programme (Hassler, et
al. 2020). The largest target for funding was energy efficiency and energy converting
(e.g. upgrading or changing heating infrastructure). The biogas and biofuel industry
were also supported within this programme, with 20 per cent going to biogas refineries
and another 20 per cent used to support biofuel fuelling stations (Hassler, et al. 2020).

44

Stefan Siven
Klimatklivet clearly supports green investment in Sweden. In the areas of interest to
our case study, it supports the public charging network and biofuel availability across
the country. Klimatklivet is an investment support programme and could therefore be
categorised as a policy tool with a focus on funding and investment, as laid out in our
policy theory chapter. However, it could be argued to also have elements of Pigouvian
subsidisation, since it aims at decreasing the producer’s marginal cost of these
products since they result in a positive externality. These investments are in place in
order to promote the production of these goods and services.

Industriklivet, is an investment programme which aims at reducing GHG emissions
from industrial processes (Carlén & Kriström, 2019). Industriklivet was introduced in
2018, following the introduction of 2045 as a goal for carbon neutrality, with the
programme expected to run until 2040 (Swedish Government, 2017). The programme
has an annual budget of SEK 300 million per year (Hassler, et.al. 2020). However, this
amount was doubled for 2020-2027 (Swedish Government, 2019a). The focus of this
programme is to support and invest in pilot and demonstration projects as well as R&D
(Carlén & Kriström, 2019). The main goal of Industriklivet is to aid in the progress of
Swedish climate goals and increase the competitiveness of Swedish industry (Hassler,
et al. 2020). Industriklivet has a less clear link to our case study with regards to the
transport sector (compared with Klimatklivet), but by being a prominent investment
programme, it is important to mention. Industriklivet supports green industry and
energy, which is important with the rise of plug-in vehicles to drive on green electricity
by creating a greener energy system.

Klimatklivet, seems to be the most relevant investment program to our case study. The
Swedish government does, however, have several other green investment
programmes, some of which are related to transport and the transport transition. A
notable investment programme, which was discontinued in 2019, was a programme
which helped finance electric cycles, boats, and scooters (Hassler, et al. 2020). This
programme was aimed at promoting green transport for short journeys with a light
electric vehicle (Naturvårdsverket, 2019). Private individuals could apply for

45

Stefan Siven
“investment support” of 25 per cent of the purchase price of the vehicle, up to SEK
10 000 (Naturvårdsverket, 2019).

Ladda bilen is the last relevant investment programme which we will discuss in this
thesis. Ladda bilen is an investment support programme which was launched in 2017
to further support the electric vehicle charging infrastructure. It is mostly directed
towards individuals and private households, as well as municipal governments and
workplaces (Ruuskanen, 2019). Unlike the support from Klimatklivet, the investment
support from ladda bilen is meant for private charging points, not public ones
(Ruuskanen, 2019). This means that private parking areas and garages are also eligible
for funding, but only through a different programme.

Most of the investment programmes discussed in this chapter can be considered to
have elements of Pigouvian subsidy, since they tend to promote private production or
consumption of a product which causes a positive externality, rather than being wholly
produced and invested in by the government. It can be difficult to discern from these
programmes which are called investment programmes or investment support
programmes what category they would belong to within our framework. Since they
could be considered to have both aspects of Pigouvian subsidy and investments. For
all intents and purposes, the clearest difference is that a subsidy in Sweden is more or
less guaranteed (think subsidy for ZLEVs), whereas investment support is more
conditional and requires a separate application which might be denied (think
Klimatklivet and support for charging points). Most of these investment support
programmes need to be applied for and accepted before any investment is made, with
retroactive support either not available or subject to strict criteria (Ruuskanen, 2019).
Ladda bilen support is an exception to this, since applications for the programme have
to be made after the completion of a charging point, but no less than six months after
in order to be eligible (Ruuskanen, 2019).

46

Stefan Siven

6.3.4. Stockholm Congestion Charge

Local governments and cities play a crucial role in climate change and transport
policy. Even if they are not a focal point for this thesis, they are important to keep in
mind for a holistic approach to successful policy planning and execution. Cities can
use policy tools and different instruments to change behaviour of the local residents,
an example of this being the congestion charge in Stockholm. The congestion charge
in Stockholm was trialed in 2006 and implemented permanently in 2007 and applies
to incoming and outgoing private vehicles to the central area of Stockholm
(Kristoffersson, et al. 2017). The congestion charge has been proven to reduce traffic
and reduce delays and waiting times in queues, as well as slightly shifting commuters
to public transport, which largely runs on alternative fuels in Stockholm
(Kristoffersson, et al. 2017). This indicates that congestion charges could be a good
policy tool at a local level to implement in order to reduce traffic and increase public
transport usage. However, Kristoffersson, et al. (2017) study the equity and efficiency
trade-offs that the aforementioned congestion charge raises. Their conclusion is that
the congestion charge benefits high-income residents, whereas lower income
residents, who have to travel into or though the city for work, are the ones who are
largely subject to this fee (see Kristoffersson, et al. 2017). This can prove to be a
dilemma for local governments, where the trade-off of working to prevent the
externalities of transport is pitted against the less fortunate.

6.3.5. Summary of Policy Tools

Table 2 summarises the policy tools used in Sweden and categorises them according
to the policy theory section.

47

Stefan Siven
Table 2. Selected policy tools in Sweden used for transforming the transport sector

Policy Tool

Category

Fuel VAT

Pigouvian Taxation

CO₂ tax

Pigouvian Taxation

Biofuel tax exemption

Pigouvian Subsidy

Car ownership tax

Pigouvian Taxation

Subsidy for ZLEVs

Pigouvian Subsidy

Vehicle fleet emission regulation (EU)

Standards & Regulation

Directive on charging infrastructure for Standards & Regulation
parking areas with 10 or more spaces
(EU)
Klimatklivet

Investment/Pigouvian Subsidy

Industriklivet

Investment/Pigouvian Subsidy

Ladda bilen

Investment/Pigouvian Subsidy

Stockholm congestion charge

Pigouvian Taxation

The majority of policy tools examined seem to fall into the category of Pigouvian
taxation or subsidy. Fuel VAT, CO₂ tax, Car ownership tax and the congestion charge
in Stockholm are examples of Pigouvian taxation. The subsidy for ZLEVs is an
example of Pigouvian subsidy. The biofuel tax exemption gives biofuels an advantage
over traditional fuels, together with not having to pay any CO₂ tax despite emitting it,
could be considered as a subsidy to promote this alternative fuel. The three investment
programmes, Klimatklivet, Industriklivet and Ladda bilen, are examples of
government investment, which generally takes the form of a Pigouvian subsidy by
subsidising environmental investments taken by a variety of actors.
These are the main tools which Sweden employs to change their transport sector. The
government tends to tweak their policies on a regular base, for instance by changing
tax rates and subsidy amounts. The Swedish Climate Policy Council publishes annual
reports on the changes environmental policy changes by the Swedish government (see
Klimatpolitiskarådet (2020) for the changes agreed upon in 2019).

48

Stefan Siven

7. Discussion
This chapter will discuss and summarise the policy tools and discuss the relevant
topics and ideas which should be highlighted in this thesis. The main goals for this
thesis were outlined in the introduction and motivation chapters of the thesis. One of
the central research questions was to try to understand what Sweden was doing in
terms of policy to be a forerunner in terms of renewable transport, and to tie these
policy tools to economic theory. The motivation for this was to increase our
understanding of the steps which Sweden has taken, and to serve as a potential
roadmap or guide for other nations which might wish to achieve similar results by
exploring the potential policy tools which they could apply in their respective nations.
However, it is important to remember that there might be other underlying factors
which contribute to the Swedish success, and that some of the policy tools might fail
to yield the same results in other countries.
An underlying factor which potentially could explain the environmental strides in
Sweden is social capital. Marbuah (2019) investigated how social capital has
influenced Swedes willingness to contribute to environmental protection. His research
found that the high levels of social capital in Sweden has worked to influence
individuals to contribute more to environmental protection, and that Swedes are more
likely to accept higher taxes and prices to protect the environment. His findings
showcase the importance of education to change the behaviour of the population, even
in environmental issues.
As previously mentioned, Sweden is at the forefront of renewable transport, and for
their 2020 targets, both EU and national, Sweden seems to have reached the required
increases in their share of renewables, both in the transport sector and overall. This is
in relation to the targets analysed and referenced in this thesis. Sweden does have other
targets for other sectors and interim targets which were omitted from this thesis
because they do not apply directly to transport.
The Swedish Climate Policy Council (Klimatpolitiskarådet, 2020) published a report
in which they examine the past years’ climate policy changes, give recommendations,
49

Stefan Siven
and assess the development towards targets. With many targets having been set for the
year 2020, the council directly assessed the development towards these targets as well
as future targets to some degree. The council criticises Swedish policy heavily, which
is a refreshing change from the overwhelmingly positive narrative maintained by most
articles covered in the thesis. They find that Sweden will meet all their 2020 targets,
also the ones not covered in this thesis. However, Sweden has struggled in terms of
certain targets and will only meet all their 2020 targets if they are allowed to
compensate through various means, which the government has allowed for but had
hoped to avoid (Klimatpolitiskarådet 2020).
The Swedish government has nearly no impact analysis for any of its environmental
policy tools or long-term policy strategies (Klimatpolitiskarådet, 2020). This makes
analysing the policy effectiveness difficult, since there is no frame of reference to the
assumed or desired outcome determined for the policy tools (Klimatpolitiskarådet,
2020). In 2019, out of the seven policy measures taken by the government in relation
to transport, only one had a partial impact analysis conducted by the government
(Klimatpolitiskarådet, 2020). This shows a lack of forethought from the Swedish
government when undertaking these measures, which could point to more of a trial
and error approach when creating policy. The Swedish government, controversially,
lowered the CO₂ tax on petrol and diesel in 2019 (Klimatpolitiskarådet, 2020). The tax
was reduced in relation to the consumer price index and GDP growth, which could
suggest that the government was more concerned with growing fuel prices and its
effect on the economy rather than their environmental goals.
Estimating the effects off the individual policy tools is challenging, since it requires
information and data which can be difficult to gather or not be available at all.
Estimating the effect on GHG of these individual policy tools would be interesting,
but because of the aforementioned reasons, reliable estimates are near impossible
(Klimatpolitiskarådet, 2020). This has, however, not stopped researchers from trying.

The National Institute of Economic Research has, for instance, tried to quantify
efficiency and cost of policy tools and their effectiveness to reach the long-term
environmental goals in Sweden (Konjunkturinstitutet, 2017). The institute does
50

Stefan Siven
struggle to quantify the effects of the policy tools and generally explain how the
measures work in theory and how they could potentially affect consumption and
emissions. The institute also analyses the general CO₂ tax (Hassler, et al. 2020). The
institute examines three different scenarios for the CO₂ taxation, with a number of
assumptions applied to these scenarios. These assumptions are, for instance, the fixed
supply of biofuels and a mild autonomous increase in vehicle efficiency
(Konjunkturinstitutet, 2017). The institute also assumes that CO₂ tax is the only policy
tool which is used to control domestic emissions within the ESR sectors. This, of
course, does not represent the reality, but these assumptions were necessary for
estimating the efficiency and the effect of potential changes for the long-term goals
(Konjunkturinstitutet, 2017). The institute sets out the three scenarios for Sweden, in
terms of the CO₂ tax, in which all of these scenarios Sweden will reach its goals. In
scenario A the tax is kept as is, but Sweden will have to compensate for its emission
reductions, for instance, by investing in GHG reduction measures abroad, more than
which is allowed within the climate change policy frameworks set by the government.
In Scenario B, the tax is increased fivefold, and climate compensatory measures stay
within the accepted scale which the government wants. Scenario C would see the CO₂
tax increase fifteenfold, which would see all the targets met domestically
(Konjunkturinstitutet, 2017). The costs of the tax increases are estimated, which would
see GDP growth reduced if the taxes are increased. This efficiency estimation done by
the institution highlights how difficult the impact assessment can be, since many of
the factors are unknown and as such require simplifications which might not fully
represent the reality.

Concerning the targets for 2030 and further into the future, it is difficult to analyse
what the result will be. By looking at the Swedish Climate Policy Council
(Klimatpolitiskarådet, 2020) and the National Institute of Economic Research
(Konjunkturådet, 2017), we can assume that Sweden still needs to implement or
expand their environmental policy to reach their goals for the future. In terms of
transport, Sweden has an ambitious goal of reducing GHGs from the sector by 70 per
cent, far higher than the overall stipulated target for the EU ESR sector for Sweden of
40 per cent (Hassler, et al. 2020).

51

Stefan Siven

The transport sector is a massive emitter of GHGs, and in Sweden (as well as other
countries) has transformed slower than overall emissions in the country (Hassler, et
al. 2020). This is why the topic of environmental transport policy is so important and
why Sweden has set an ambitious goal for 2030 for this sector (Hassler, et al. 2020).
According to the National Institute of Economic Research, with current policy tools
transport emissions will be reduced by roughly 12 million tons of CO2 by 2030
compared with 2017 (Konjunkturrådet, 2017). For Sweden to reach its transport goal
for 2030, an additional 6 million tons of CO2 needs to be reduced by implementing
new policy tools which could achieve this (Hassler, et al, 2020). Sweden has, since
2017, seen the introduction of several policy tools which could further this transition,
notably the generous subsidy for ZLEVs.

The shift from promoting biofuels to plug in vehicles, which we have seen in the past
five years, with the increased subsidy is for the aforementioned ZLEVs and support
for charging infrastructure, are possibly the results of the decreasing potential for new
biofuels in Sweden (Hassler, et al. 2020). Most biofuels consumed in Sweden are
imported (Statens energimyndighet, 2019a). Hassler, et al. (2020), see this is a problem
since this includes food crops, which could otherwise be used for food, as well as the
large proportion of palm oil, which has negative effects on the environment. The
majority of locally produced biofuels in Sweden are derived from industry waste (e.g.
the paper industry and slaughterhouses), food waste, and sewage (Statens
energimyndighet, 2019a). The potential of using forests for biofuel production exists,
however, the Swedish government is reluctant to use non waste products from forestry.
The reason for this is most likely because forests are a massive carbon absorber, and
this will most likely be used as a way to compensate for any reductions which Sweden
will not achieved by 2045. The climate change framework for 2045, stipulates that by
2045 a minimum reduction of 85 per cent in GHGs is required with the rest potentially
compensated by being, for instance, bound in forests (Hassler, et al. 2020).

The reduction of the potential for biofuels in Sweden does explain the shift to plug in
vehicles within transport policy which we have seen in the past few years. The
52

Stefan Siven
question is if these policy tools will provide enough of an incentive for consumers to
switch over to electric vehicles and to promote a growing charging infrastructure in
Sweden. If growth in electric vehicles is achieved, it might put pressure on the
electricity network and its ability to keep transforming further into renewables. To aid
in the transformation, the Swedish government has established a commission which
will explore the timeframe and feasibility of banning petrol and diesel cars in Sweden
before 2030 (Swedish Government, 2019b). The commission is expected to present its
plans in February 2021. Banning the sale of this type of vehicle could drastically work
to decrease the emissions from transport, however it could put pressure on further
increased investment in charging infrastructure and biofuels in order to be a viable
solution.

Planning to ban the sale of traditional petrol and diesel cars mirrors the decision done
by the Norwegian government which will ban the sale of these in 2025 (Saele &
Petersen, 2018). By looking at Norway and their strides could help Sweden to
transform their transport sector, since Norway is the global leader in this respect. By
2030, Norway is expected to have 1,5 million plug-in-vehicles, which will increase
electricity demand by three per cent. This increase in electricity demand from the
transport sector should not be a problem for countries with good infrastructure, such
as the Nordic countries, however the access and spread of charging points will pose
the largest hurdle, at least in Norway (Saele & Petersen, 2018). This is something
Sweden needs to address. In comparison, the Norwegian government has been heavily
focusing on electric vehicles, adopting a vast array of policy measures to make them
cheaper and more appealing than vehicles which use traditional fuels (Saele &
Petersen, 2018). However, there is still a concern that the network might not be
extensive enough in the future (Saele & Petersen, 2018).

Welfare concerns and environmental concerns are linked together. The entire point of
externalities and Pigouvian taxation and subsidy is to balance the welfare of a third
party. There is a concern that taxes and regulation might hurt the consumer and
producer of a product and lessen their welfare (Hassler, et al. 2020). However, it is
important to remember that these measures can increase the wealth of a third part, as
53

Stefan Siven
well as provide income for the government, which can spend the money to improve
the economy or the welfare of its citizens (Hassler, et al. 2020). There are also
concerns that certain policy measures can harm a specific category of society,
potentially one which already is at a disadvantage. As mentioned previously, the
Stockholm congestion charge is predominantly charged to lower income citizens who
live outside the city (Kristoffersson, et al. 2017). The National Institute of Economic
Research also suggests that increases in the CO₂ tax would decrease the welfare more
in the countryside and small cities, whereas the increase would affect residents in
larger cities less (Konjunkturinstitutet, 2017). If these welfare losses are of concern to
the government, it might be hesitant to, for instance, increase the CO₂ tax, or then they
need to use other policy instruments to balance out the negative effects of any potential
environmental policy tool on welfare.
It is important to remember that there are other dimensions to climate governance,
besides national and EU. Cities, for instance, in the Nordics tend to have their own
environmental plans and goals which they are trying to achieve. The City of
Stockholm, for example, has a goal to be fossil free by 2040.

54

Stefan Siven

8. Conclusion
The effects of the policy tools together with possible changes in norms in Swedish
society have contributed in various degrees to the shift to greener consumption of
transport in Sweden. If it is one or the other or a combination of both, we cannot
definitely know. However, it is clear that Sweden is moving towards their targets set
by the national government and the European Union, whether they reached their goals
in the future, the progress currently for the 2020 goals seems to have been successful.
Currently, the majority of Swedish transport policy can be categorised as Pigouvian
taxation or Pigouvian subsidy.

Sweden is on route to complete its targets for 2020, either as is or with the help of
compensation. For future targets, the government seems to need to implement more
policy measures. Biofuel used in Sweden rely on imported components, therefore the
Swedish government has decided to focus more on electrification. This needs to
continue and be expanded upon for Sweden to reach its transport goals for 2030.
Alternatively, forests could be used domestically to increase biofuel production in
Sweden. However, this could bring other problems environmental problems with it
and complicate other environmental policies in Sweden. Exploiting forests for biofuel
production might also elicit a negative response from the Swedish public, which the
government wants to avoid.

To reach its future targets, Sweden could also examine policy tools used in other
nations, such as, Norway or Netherlands, which have done well in terms of
electrification of the vehicle fleet. Establishing a deadline on the sale of petrol and
diesel car sales could incentivise consumers to buy plug-in vehicles, which is a policy
measure which Norway has used to clearly indicate the government’s desire for this
transformation. The Swedish government has a task force which is expected to release
a potential strategy for this at the start of 2021. Once this evaluation is done, the
Swedish government should consider its content and possibly implement a deadline
for the sale of petrol and diesel cars in line with the recommendations set in the
evaluation. The National Institute of Economic Research calculated that with current
55

Stefan Siven
policy tools 12 million tons of CO2 will be reduced by 2030, compared with 2017,
however this falls short by 6 million tons from the target. This gap needs to be closed,
either by implementing new policy measures or by increasing current ones, for
instance by increasing CO₂ taxation or by increasing subsidies.

The Nordics only represents 0,5% of global GHG emissions, which means that on a
global scale, the measures in Sweden will not have a significant effect unless other
countries reduce their emissions as well. Therefore, learning from Sweden could
provide useful, since countries could try to replicate the measures which they deem to
be potentially useful in their countries. Countries similar to Sweden will probably have
the most use of examining and applying Swedish policy tools in their countries, with
the Nordic countries clear candidates for this. Norway and Sweden have both fared
well in their transport policy, and if Swedish policy is not an appealing starting point,
the Norwegian case could also be examined.

56

Stefan Siven

Svensk sammanfattning
Transport i förändring – en fallstudie av svenska transportpolitikens
miljöåtgärder

Miljö- och energifrågor är aktuella på grund av klimatförändringen, som till en stor
del orsakas av användningen av fossila bränslen, bland annat olja. Globalt konsumerar
transportsektorn en stor del av de fossila bränslena, och därför är ändringar inom
sektorn nödvändiga. Internationella miljökonferenser har arbetat under de senaste
femtio åren för att minska människans påverkan på jordklotet. Idag strävar de flesta
stater efter att minska sina utsläpp av växthusgaser. Miljökonferensen i Paris år 2015
ledde till Parisavtalet, som idag är det rådande ramverket för internationell
miljöpolitik. Det flesta staterna har ratificerat avtalet, som binder länderna att hålla
global uppvärmning till ett maximum av 2 °C.

I

avhandlingen

används

Sveriges

transportpolitik

som

en

fallstudie

av

transportpolitikens miljöåtgärder. Sverige anses vara en föregångare i miljöfrågor och
speciellt inom transportpolitik, på grund av sin utförliga och ambitiösa transportpolicy.
Sverige har länge eftersträvat en miljömedveten energipolitik och har sedan 1970talets oljekris förespråkat alternativ till oljan, bland annat biobränslen. I
undersökningen analyseras hur transportsektorns miljöpolicy har förverkligats i
Sverige och vilken inverkan policyn haft på transportsektorn. Transportsektorn läggs
i fokus på grund av dess stora miljöpåverkan, dess beroende av olja samt på grund av
transportsektorns problem att i Sverige hållas i samma takt med den allmänna
utvecklingen för förnybarenergi. I avhandlingen diskuterars hur effektiva
miljöåtgärderna i Sveriges transportsektor varit. Resultaten i forskningen kan
användas som utgångspunkt för energipolitiken i de övriga nordiska länderna.
Sveriges transportsektors miljöåtgärder är kopplade till beteendeekonomi och
resursekonomi.

57

Stefan Siven
I avhandlingen analyseras hur Sveriges transportpolitik förhåller sig till ekonomisk
teori och policyverktyg. Forskningen lyfter fram hur ekonomisk teori förverkligas i
Sveriges transportåtgärder och hur policyn är kopplad till ekonomisk teori. Åtgärderna
påverkas även av ideologiska synpunkter, eftersom målen med en policy och
prioriteringar ofta definieras av ideologi. Sveriges beslutsfattande är transparent,
vilket gör det möjligt att analysera Sveriges transportpolitik som en fallstudie. Det
finns dessutom omfattande litteratur om Sveriges transportsektors miljöåtgärder,
vilket gör det möjligt att forska i policyns inverkan.

Enligt ekonomisk teori kan det finnas ett behov av statligt ingripande på marknaden
inom transportsektorn, som är speciellt beroende av olja. Enligt peak oil-teorin
kommer utbudet av olja att minska efter att man globalt nått ett maximum av
produktion, vilket kan leda till en ekonomisk kris, om efterfrågan av olja inte minskar
i samma takt. Detta leder till att staten borde stödja alternativen till olja.
Transportsektorn bidrar även till externaliteter, vilket minskar välfärden för en tredje
part. Till dessa hör bland annat sektorns koldioxidutsläpp, som bidrar till
klimatförändringen, som drabbar alla. Staten kan använda policyverktyg för att
påverka konsumtionen och produktionen av varor och tjänster som kan anses vara
skadliga eller oönskade. Ett klassiskt verktyg är Pigouviansk skatt, som tar i beaktande
kostnaden för externaliteter genom att beskatta produkter på ett sätt som motsvarar
externaliteterna. Även standarder och regleringar kan användas till att påverka
marknaden. Offentliga sektorn kan påverka kvaliteten och kvantiteten av en produkt
om den är statligt ägd. Staten kan även investera i projekt, som anses vara nyttiga för
samhället.

Sveriges transportpolitik påverkas av nationella miljömål och EU:s klimatmål.
Sveriges miljömål är generellt mera ambitiösa än EU:s, vilket representerar Sveriges
ideologiska synpunkt på miljöfrågor. De centrala målen för Sverige är att vara
utsläppsneutral år 2045 och att minska transportutsläppen med 70 procent före år 2030.
Sverige har dessutom haft mål för 2020, och dessa kommer med stor sannolikt att nås.

58

Stefan Siven
Forskningens resultat är att Sveriges policyverktyg till en stor kännetecknas av
Pigouvianska skatter eller subventioner. Drivmedelsskatten, koldioxidskatten,
bilskatten och Stockholms trängselskatt är Pigouvianska skatter som Sverige använder
för att uppnå sina mål och kontrollera externaliteter. Biodrivmedel beskattas inte,
vilket kan ses som en Pigouviansk subvention, det vill säga motsatsen till Pigouviansk
skatt. Bilar, vars koldioxidutsläpp är under 60 g/km, får ett klimatbonus, som ligger
mellan 10 000 och 60 000 kronor, beroende på utsläppens mängd. Klimatbonus ges
främst till el- och hybridbilar och det är en form av Pigouviansk subvention. Dessutom
främjar svenska staten sina miljömål genom Klimatklivet, Industriklivet och Ladda
bilen-investeringsstödet, som kan ses både som statens investeringar och som
Pigouvianska subventioner. Enligt EU:s direktiv finns det ett tak på de genomsnittliga
utsläppen för sålda bilar och dessutom måste nya byggnader med över tio
parkeringsplatser erbjuda elbilsladdplatser. Direktiven kan räknas som standarder och
regleringar, som strävar efter att påverka transportsektorns påverkan på miljön.

Enstaka policyverktygs inverkan på Sveriges transportsektor är svåra att bevisa,
eftersom transportsektorn även påverkas av andra faktorer, bland annat svenskarnas
attityder, tankesätt och samhällets normer. Dock kan det observeras att mängden eloch hybridbilar ökat kraftigt sedan subventionen för dessa introducerats. Även om
Sveriges åtgärder inom transportsektorn kan anses vara fungerande krävs det extra
åtgärder för att Sverige skall nå sina mål på lång sikt. Biodrivmedel har redan utnyttjats
till den grad som är ändamålsenligt, vilket innebär nya åtgärder för att flytta fokuset
till el- och hybridbilar. På basis av Sveriges erfarenheter skulle det vara ändamålsenligt
för de andra nordiska länderna att i allt större grad satsa på el- och hybridbilarna som
en lösning till problemen inom transportsektorn. Biodrivmedlen är problematiska i
Sverige, eftersom en stor del måste importeras, vilket innebär att bränslet inte alltid
producerats på ett miljövänligt sätt.

59

Stefan Siven

References
Ajanovic, A., Haas, R., & Wirl, F. (2016). Reducing CO 2 emissions of cars in the
EU: analyzing the underlying mechanisms of standards, registration taxes and fuel
taxes. Energy Efficiency, 9(4), 925-937.
Bardi, U. (2019). Peak oil, 20 years later: failed prediction or useful insight?. Energy
research & social science, 48, 257-261.
Bergquist, A. K., & Söderholm, K. (2014). Industry Strategies for Energy Transition
in the Wake of the Oil Crisis. In Business and Economic History On-Line (Vol. 12,
pp. 1-18).
Boffey, D. (2018). EU declares war on plastic waste. The Guardian.
Bramstoft, R., & Skytte, K. (2017). Decarbonizing Sweden’s energy and
transportation system by 2050. International Journal of Sustainable Energy Planning
and Management, 14, 3-20.
Bäckstrand, K., Kuyper, J. W., Linnér, B. O., & Lövbrand, E. (2017). Non-state actors
in global climate governance: from Copenhagen to Paris and beyond.
Cabinet Office, (1999), Modernising Government (Cm. 4310), The Stationery Office,
London.
Calmfors L., & Hassler J., (2019). Climate Policies in the Nordics. Nordic Economic
Policy Review 2019: Climate Policies in the Nordics, 7-20
Carlén, B., & Kriström, B. (2019). Are Climate Policies in the Nordic Countries CostEffective? Nordic Economic Policy Review 2019: Climate Policies in the Nordics,
113-156
Carlton, D. W., & Loury, G. C. (1980). The limitations of Pigouvian taxes as a longrun remedy for externalities. The Quarterly Journal of Economics, 95(3), 559-566.
Cats, O., Susilo, Y. O., & Reimal, T. (2017). The prospects of fare-free public
transport: evidence from Tallinn. Transportation, 44(5), 1083-1104.
Chapman, I. (2014). The end of Peak Oil? Why this topic is still relevant despite recent
denials. Energy Policy, 64, 93-101.

60

Stefan Siven
Corell, E., & Söderberg, H. (2005). Från miljöpolitik till hållbar utveckling: en
introduktion. Liber förlag.
Croson, R., & Treich, N. (2014). Behavioral environmental economics: promises and
challenges. Environmental and Resource Economics, 58(3), 335-351.
De Miguel, C., Manzano, B., & Martin-Moreno, J. M. (2003). Oil price shocks and
aggregate fluctuations. The Energy Journal, 24(2).
DECISION OF THE EEA JOINT COMMITTEE No 269/2019. amending Protocol
31 to the EEA Agreement, on cooperation in specific fields outside the four freedoms.
Available: https://ec.europa.eu/clima/sites/clima/files/news/20191025.pdf (Accessed:
05.02.2020)
European Commission (2009). DIRECTIVE 2009/28/EC OF THE EUROPEAN
PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 23 April 2009 on the promotion of the
use of energy from renewable sources and amending and subsequently repealing
Directives 2001/77/EC and 2003/30/EC. vol. L 140/16. Brussels: 2009.
European Commission. (2019). COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION
TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT, THE EUROPEAN COUNCIL, THE
COUNCIL, THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COMMITTEE AND
THE COMMITTEE OF THE REGIONS - The European Green Deal. Brussels
European Parliament & European Council. (2019). Regulation (EU) 2019/631 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 setting CO2 emission
performance standards for new passenger cars and for new light commercial vehicles,
and repealing Regulations (EC) No 443/2009 and (EU) No 510/2011. (2019).
Falkner, R. (2016). The Paris Agreement and the new logic of international climate
politics. International Affairs, 92(5), 1107-1125.
Finnish Government. (2019). Programme of Prime Minister Sanna Marin’s
Government 10 December 2019. Inclusive and competent Finland - a socially,
economically

and

ecologically

sustainable

society.

Available:

http://julkaisut.valtioneuvosto.fi/handle/10024/161935 (Accessed 17.02.2019)

61

Stefan Siven
Greaker, M., Golombek, R., & Hoel, M. (2019). Global impact of national climate
policy in the nordic countries. Nordic Economic Policy Review 2019: Climate Policies
in the Nordics, 157-208
Hall, C. (2016). Predicting peak oil.
Hassler, J. (Chair), Carlén, B., Eliasson, J., Johnsson, F., Krusell P., Lindahl, T.,
Nycander, J., Romson Å., Sterner T. (2020). Konjunkturrådets rapport 2020: Svensk
politik för globalt klimat.
Hesselborn,

P.

O.

(1994).

Ekonomiska

styrmedel

för

begränsning

av

vägtrafikutsläppen.
Helm, D. (2011). Peak oil and energy policy—a critique. Oxford Review of Economic
Policy, 27(1), 68-91.
Hindriks, J., & Myles, G. D. (2013). Intermediate public economics. MIT press.
Hoerner, J. A., & Bosquet, B. (2001). Environmental tax reform: the European
experience. Center for a Sustainable Economy, Washington, DC.
Holden, E. (2019). Trump begins year-long process to formally exit Paris climate
agreement.

The

Guardian.

https://www.theguardian.com/us-

news/2019/nov/04/donald-trump-climate-crisis-exit-paris-agreement

(Accessed

7.11.2019)
Hulme, M., & Mahony, M. (2010). Climate change: What do we know about the
IPCC?. Progress in Physical Geography, 34(5), 705-718.
IEA. (2018). Market Report Series: Oil 2018 Analysis and Forecasts to 2023.
Available

online:

https://webstore.iea.org/market-report-series-oil-2018-

pdf (Accessed 9.11.2019)
IEA Bioenergy. (2018). Country Reports Sweden – 2018 update Bioenergy policies
and status of implementation. Available online: https://www.ieabioenergy.com/wpcontent/uploads/2018/10/CountryReport2018_Sweden_final.pdf

(Accessed.

21.03.2020)
IPCC. (2018a). Global Warming of 1.5C, an IPCC special report on the impacts of
global warming of 1.5C above pre-industrial levels and related global greenhouse gas
62

Stefan Siven
emission pathways in the context of strengthening the global response to the threat of
climate change, sustainable development, and efforts to eradicate poverty.
IPCC. (2018b). Summary for Policymakers. In: Global Warming of 1.5°C. An IPCC
Special Report on the impacts of global warming of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels
and related global greenhouse gas emission pathways, in the context of strengthening
the global response to the threat of climate change, sustainable development, and
efforts to eradicate poverty [Masson-Delmotte, V., P. Zhai, H.-O. Pörtner, D. Roberts,
J. Skea, P.R. Shukla, A. Pirani, W. Moufouma-Okia, C. Péan, R. Pidcock, S. Connors,
J.B.R. Matthews, Y. Chen, X. Zhou, M.I. Gomis, E. Lonnoy, T. Maycock, M. Tignor,
and T. Waterfield (eds.)]. World Meteorological Organization, Geneva, Switzerland,
32 pp
Jaeger, W. (2011). The Welfare Effects of Environmental Taxation. Environmental
and Resource Economics, 49(1), pp. 101-119. doi:10.1007/s10640-010-9426-x
Johnson, F. X., & Silveira, S. (2014). Pioneer countries in the transition to alternative
transport fuels: Comparison of ethanol programmes and policies in Brazil, Malawi and
Sweden. Environmental Innovation and Societal Transitions, 11, 1-24.
Kelly, F. J., & Zhu, T. (2016). Transport solutions for cleaner air. Science, 352(6288),
934-936.
Klein, P., & Olovsson, C. (2019). Beskattning av varor och tjänster: teori och historik.
Klimatpolitiskarådet. (2020). Klimatpolitiska rådets rapport 2020
Konjunkturinstitutet (2017). Miljö, ekonomi och politik 2017. Stockholm:
Konjunkturinstitutet
Korkman, S. (2015). Väärää talouspolitiikkaa. Keuruu: Otavan Kirjapaino Oy.
Kristoffersson, I., Engelson, L., & Börjesson, M. (2017). Efficiency vs equity:
Conflicting objectives of congestion charges. Transport Policy, 60, 99-107.
Kumar, S., Kumar, N., & Vivekadhish, S. (2016). Millennium development goals
(MDGS) to sustainable development goals (SDGS): Addressing unfinished agenda
and strengthening sustainable development and partnership. Indian journal of
community medicine: official publication of Indian Association of Preventive & Social
Medicine, 41(1), 1.
63

Stefan Siven
Li, M. (2017). World energy 2017-2050: Annual report. Department of Economics,
University of Utah.
Liski, M., Nokso-Koivisto, O., Nurmi, E., & Vehviläinen, I. (2019). AEI-raportti:
Kohti hiiletöntä liikennettä-ehdotus mekanismiksi-Taloustieteellinen tarkastelu
liikenteen päästövähennyskeinoista.
Lu, Y., Nakicenovic, N., Visbeck, M., & Stevance, A. S. (2015). Policy: Five priorities
for the UN sustainable development goals. Nature News, 520(7548), 432.
Marbuah, G. (2019). Is willingness to contribute for environmental protection in
Sweden affected by social capital?. Environmental Economics and Policy
Studies, 21(3), 451-475.
Naturvårdsverkert. (2019). Elcykling – vem, hur och varför? (En utvärdering med
elfordonspremien som utgångspunkt).
Nagy, Z. (2013). The role of environmental taxation in environmental
policy. Proceedings of Novi Sad Faculty of Law, 47(3), 515.
Nasiritousi, N., & Bäckstrand, K. (2019). International Climate Politics in the PostParis Era. Nordic Economic Policy Review 2019: Climate Policies in the Nordics, 2162.
Neugebauer, S., & Westerberg, J. (2017). Naturgasens framtida potential som
energikälla i Sverige.
Pasour, E. C. (1996). Pigou, Coase, common law, and environmental policy:
Implications of the calculation debate. Public Choice, 87(3-4), 243-258.
Ruuskanen, P. (2019). Sähköautojen latausasemien tukimuodot Suomessa ja
Pohjoismaissa.
Persson, G., Azar, C., Andersson, L., Bångens, L., Johansson-Hedberg, B., Johansson,
L., ... & Nylander, A. (2006). På väg mot ett oljefritt Sverige. Kommissionen mot
oljeberoende. Stockholm: Slutrapport.
Pigou, A. C. (1920). the Economics of Welfare. McMillan and Co. London, United
Kingdom.

64

Stefan Siven
Regeringskansliet. (2010). The Swedish National Action Plan for the promotion of the
use of renewable energy in accordance with Directive 2009/28/EC and the
Commission Decision of 30.06. 2009. Stockholm: Government of Sweden.
Saele, H., & Petersen, I. (2018). Electric vehicles in Norway and the potential for
demand response. In 2018 53rd International Universities Power Engineering
Conference (UPEC) (pp. 1-6). IEEE.
Santos, G. (2017). Road transport and CO2 emissions: What are the challenges?.
Transport Policy, 59, 71-74.
Schinko, T. (2020). Overcoming Political Climate-Change Apathy in the Era of#
FridaysForFuture. One Earth, 2(1), 20-23.
Schneider-Mayerson, M. (2015). Peak oil: Apocalyptic environmentalism and
libertarian political culture. University of Chicago Press.
Silbye, F., & Sørensen, P. B. (2019). » National Climate Policies and the European
Emissions Trading System «. Climate Policy in the Nordics, Nordic Economic Policy
Review, 63-106.
Statens energimyndighet. (2019a). DRIVMEDEL 2018 Redovisning av rapporterade
uppgifter enligt drivmedelslagen, hållbarhetslagen och reduktionsplikten. Bromma
Statens energimyndighet. (2019b). Energy in Sweden 2019 – An overview.
Swedish Government. (2017, August 26). Långsiktig satsning för att minska industrins
utsläpp av växthusgaser (Press release). Available:
https://www.regeringen.se/pressmeddelanden/2017/08/langsiktig-satsning-for-attminska-industrins-utslapp-av-vaxthusgaser/
Swedish Government. (2019a, September 06). Regeringen föreslår ökad takt i
klimatarbete (Press release). Available:
https://www.regeringen.se/pressmeddelanden/2019/09/regeringen-foreslar-okad-takti-klimatarbetet/
Swedish Government. (2019b, December 20). Inquiry appointed on phasing out fossil
fuels and banning sales of new petrol and diesel cars (Press release). Available:

65

Stefan Siven
https://www.government.se/press-releases/2019/12/inquiry-appointed-on-phasingout-fossil-fuels-and-banning-sales-of-new-petrol-and-diesel-cars/
UN. (2015). Paris Agreement https://unfccc.int/process-and-meetings/the-parisagreement/the-paris-agreement (Accessed 1.11.2019)
UN.

(2020,

April

01).

COP26

Postponed

(Press

release).

Available:

https://unfccc.int/news/cop26-postponed (Accessed 06.06.2020)
UNFCCC, 2019, Statement by the UN Secretary-General António Guterres on the
Outcome of COP25. https://unfccc.int/news/statement-by-the-un-secretary-generalantonio-guterres-on-the-outcome-of-cop25 (Accessed: 02.02.2020)
Van de Graaf, T. (2017). Is OPEC dead? Oil exporters, the Paris agreement and the
transition to a post-carbon world. Energy research & social science, 23, 182-188.
Vivoda, V. (2009). Diversification of oil import sources and energy security: A key
strategy or an elusive objective?. Energy Policy, 37(11), 4615-4623.
Yafimava, K. (2011). The transit dimension of EU energy security: Russian gas transit
across Ukraine, Belarus, and Moldova. OUP Catalogue.
Webpages:
https://www.bpf.co.uk/press/Oil_Consumption.aspx (Accessed 10.11.2019)
https://cleantechnica.com/ (Accessed 03.05.2020)
https://www.elbilsstatistik.se/ (Accessed 11.04.2020)
http://ec.europa.eu/ (Accessed 10.11.2019)
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat (Accessed 12.12.2019)
https://www.ev-volumes.com/ (Accessed 03.05.2020)

66

