Camilla Mattjus

Indoor Air Quality in Various Healthcare Facilities and
Potential Solutions for Improving Indoor Air Quality.
A Scoping Review.

Camilla Mattjus, student number: 41958
Graduate thesis in Caring Sciences

Supervisors: Lisbeth Fagerström and Linda Nyholm
Faculty of Education and Welfare Studies

Åbo Akademi University

2020

Camilla Mattjus

Abstract
Indoor air quality and its significance for human health is high considering the fact that man
spends almost 90% of the time indoors and breaths about 15,000 liters of air every day. Poor

indoor air can cause decreased work efficiency and health issues. Another cause of poor indoor
air is the surrounding environment. Hence, it is important to be aware of the indoor air in
buildings. The aim of this scoping review is to describe the existing knowledge concerning
indoor air quality in various healthcare facilities affecting the health of patients and healthcare

professionals, and to also map the existing solutions for improving indoor air quality. Studies
(n=49) included in the review are peer-reviewed articles in English including all study designs,

undertaken in various healthcare facilities, and published between 2006 and 2019. The findings
indicate that there are several types of factors that affect indoor air quality such as different

types of particulate matter, temperature, fungi, bacteria, airborne particles of different kinds,
phthalate esters, and outdoor air pollution, which has an impact on healthcare professionals and

their patients. Limited options for improving air quality exist. Despite this there is clearly a

need to find a tangible solution for improving indoor air quality and to do so in a cost-effective
way.

Keywords: scoping review; indoor air quality; healthcare facilities; healthcare professionals; patients

Camilla Mattjus

Abstrakt
Inomhusluftkvaliteten och dess betydelse för människans hälsa är väldigt viktig när man beaktar

att människan tillbringar nästan 90 % av sin tid inomhus och andas ca 15 000 liter luft varje

dag. Dålig inomhusluft kan orsaka minskad arbetseffektivitet och orsaka hälsoproblem. Orsaker
till dålig inomhusluft är den omgivande miljön, byggnadssätt och material, därför är det viktigt

att vara medveten om inomhusluften i byggnader. Syftet med denna kartläggande översikt är

att beskriva den existerande kunskapen om inomhusluftkvalité i olika hälsovårdsanläggningar
som påverkar patienters och vårdpersonalens hälsa samt att kartlägga de befintliga lösningar

som finns för att förbättra inomhusluftkvaliteten. Studier (n=49) som ingår i översikten är
kollegialt granskade artiklar på engelska som inkluderar alla studiedesigner som är utförda på

olika typer av hälsovårdsanläggningar och publicerade mellan åren 2006–2019. Resultaten
indikerar att det finns flera typer av faktorer som påverkar inomhusluftkvaliteten såsom olika
typer av partiklar, temperatur, svampar, bakterier, luftburna partiklar av olika slag, ftalatestrar

och utomhusluftföroreningar som påverkar hälso-och sjukvårdspersonal samt deras patienter.

Det finns begränsade alternativ för att förbättra luftkvaliteten, trots det så finns det ett uppenbart
behov av att hitta en konkret lösning för att förbättra luftkvaliteten inomhus och att göra det på
ett kostnadseffektivt sätt.

Nyckelord: scoping review; inomhusluftkvalité; sjukvårdsanläggning; sjukvårdspersonal; patienter

Camilla Mattjus

Content
Introduction ............................................................................................................................................. 1
Materials and methods............................................................................................................................. 2
Results ..................................................................................................................................................... 5

Indoor air quality in various healthcare facilities............................................................................... 5
Health problems found among patients and healthcare professionals ............................................... 8
Ways of improving indoor air quality ............................................................................................... 10

Discussion ............................................................................................................................................. 12
Conclusion ............................................................................................................................................. 13
Swedish summary.................................................................................................................................. 14
References ............................................................................................................................................... 1
Annex

Scoping review

Table 1 Inclusion and exclusion criteria .................................................................................................. 2
Table 2 Search terms and combination of searches ................................................................................. 3
Table 3 Search terms and combinations for additional searches ............................................................ 3
Table 4 Sample overview ...................................................................................................................... 11
Figure 1 Prisma Flow Chart .................................................................................................................... 4

Camilla Mattjus

Preface

This article is a result of a co-project (2019-2020) between the Laboratory of Energy
Technology and the Unit of Caring Sciences at Åbo Akademi University, Vaasa.

The initial interest in the project was the environmental impact on health and the need to

discover potential solutions to improve the circumstances, which were the driving forces for
the project. In order to narrow down the area of interest, it was decided to focus on the impact

that indoor air quality has on health and try to find out whether there are solutions on how to be
able to improve indoor air quality. However, the first initial search gave a total of five

categories, concerning indoor air quality, health problems among patients and health care
professionals, ways of improving indoor air quality and ventilation systems and different

designs as well as indoor air quality monitoring. The latter provided plenty of information

concerning various ways of monitoring indoor air quality that were both easy to install, use and
that were cost-effective. Regarding various ventilation systems such as natural ventilation,

mixing air ventilation systems and ordinary ventilation systems, all were researched thoroughly

and the impact it had on indoor air quality was significant. However, the research area became

too broad. Therefore, this scoping review is narrowed down to mainly concern factors
impacting indoor air quality in various healthcare facilities and the health issues affecting

patients and healthcare professionals but also the potential solutions that exist in order to
improve indoor air quality.

As of today, it is known that indoor air quality is playing a vital role within healthcare facilities

when considering infection control. The importance is significant as the need of limiting

ambient airborne particles is high when considering infectious diseases but also the health of
staff and patients in general, especially as healthcare facilities are meant to be healing
environments.

This graduate thesis is written in the form of an article and will be submitted to the International
Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health. Hereinafter, the structure as well as
referencing of the thesis is following the author guidelines for the said journal.

1

Camilla Mattjus

Introduction

This article discusses the impact that indoor air quality has on health for both patients and

healthcare professionals. Air quality can be defined as the content of the air in terms of how
much pollution it contains (1). In the US the air quality standards follows the concentration of
five ambient air pollutants such as particulate matter (PM), sulfur dioxide (SO2), ozone, carbon

monoxide and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) (2). Air quality appoints to the condition of the air within
surroundings (3). Good air quality refers to air that is clear, clean and free from pollutants.

According to the World Health Organization (WHO), heart diseases originated from air
pollution causes 2.4 million deaths a year (4). Additionally, 1.8 million deaths are caused by
cancer and lung disease as a result of air pollution. There are an estimated 4.2 million deaths

every year as a result of ambient air pollution and an entire 3.8 million deaths as a result of
household exposure to e.g. smoke from fuels and dirty cook stoves. A total of 91% of the

world’s population lives in places where air quality levels outpaces the guideline limits given
by WHO.

Healthcare professionals, as referred to in this paper, are individuals who professionally care

for and focus on the health of people, and they do this through the application of evidencebased practices and principles within medicine and caring (5). The significance of the indoor
air quality for human health is high considering the fact that man spends almost 90% of the

time indoors and breaths about 15,000 liters of air every day (6). It has been noted that poor
indoor air decreases work efficiency as well as can cause health issues (e.g. cold, cough, irritated

eyes and itching). Therefore, it is of great importance to be aware and also control the air in

buildings as the quality of the indoor air is a significant issue in healthcare. People who already
have pre-existing health problems and who are undergoing treatment as well as people with
depressed immune systems are vulnerable to indoor air exposures. The Center for Disease

Control and Prevention (CDC) U.S. have already made an estimation that more than two million
patients are obtaining infections while they are hospitalized for other medical conditions in the

U.S. hospitals. (7). The Finnish National Supervisory Authority for Welfare and Health -

Valvira (2019) brings up different factors that affect the quality of indoor air for example
various chemicals, particles and fibers as well as physical conditions such as damp and
temperature (8).

2

Camilla Mattjus

The warming trend is important to take notice of as most of it, more than 95%, is caused by
human activity since mid-90s, and the trend is increasing continuously (9). Earlier studies

indicate that indoor air quality is affected by climate change as it causes increased indoor
temperatures leading to increased indoor dampness and mold issues (10). The aim of this
scoping review is to describe the existing knowledge concerning indoor air quality in various

healthcare facilities and how it affects the health of patients and healthcare professionals and to
investigate the existing solutions for improving indoor air quality.

Materials and methods

Data collection for the scoping review was conducted during the period of May 2019 – June
2019. The data collection followed the reporting guidance of the PRISMA Extension for

Scoping Reviews: Checklist and Explanation (11). The databases used for the scoping were

EBSCO Academic Premier Search, CINAHL, PsycINFO, PsycARTICLES and PubMed. The
search was limited to the inclusion and exclusion criteria set for the search. A total of 2579

articles were identified from the databases and additional articles, more specifically 63, were
extracted from the manual search. Further, three duplicates were removed from the search, so
in a total 2639 articles were screened.
Table 1 Inclusion and exclusion criteria

Inclusion criteria

All study designs

Peer-Reviewed articles

Population: Nursing staff & patients/clients
Hospitals and nursing homes

Technological innovations for improved indoor air quality
Language: English

Publication date restriction: Jan 2014 – Jan 2019
Exclusion Criteria

Other articles than peer-reviewed

Population: Other than nursing staff & patients/clients

Offices or other buildings or specifically operation rooms
Language: Other than English

Publication date restriction: Older than 2014

3

Camilla Mattjus

After the first screening that included screening of title and abstract, a total of 2520 articles

were excluded, leaving 122 articles to read full-text versions of. After reading the full-text
versions, 52 articles were excluded based upon the inclusion and exclusion criteria, which

means that in the end, 70 articles were included in the scoping review. Worth noting is the fact
that the search was conducted with publication restriction, but after a manual search, articles
published between 2006-2009 were also included.

Table 2 Search terms and combination of searches
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
1st search
Indoor

air

quality

OR

2nd search

3rd search

4th search

quality OR indoor air

facilities OR nursing homes

facilities OR nursing homes

Indoor air quality OR air

indoor air OR air quality

AND hospitals OR nursing

AND

hospice OR medical ward

technology

homes OR institutions OR

innovations

modernization

OR retirement home

OR retirement home
OR
OR

AND hospital OR nursing

conditions of life

settings

of

living

OR

home

OR

health

care

Hospitals OR health care
OR retirement home

AND air pollution indoor

AND air pollution indoor

conditioning OR air quality

conditioning OR air quality

OR “air quality” OR air
monitoring

AND quality of life OR
standard

Hospitals OR health care

AND well-being OR health

OR “air quality” OR air
monitoring

AND health personnel OR
health

professionals

health staff

OR

However, the scoping review turned out to be broad and difficult to specify, and therefore, the
research area was narrowed down even further to concern indoor air quality and its impact on

various healthcare facilities and potential solutions for improving IAQ. Thus, an additional
search was carried out at Google scholar during January 2020 - April 2020 to find additional
gray literature from the years 2018-2020, which was not yet included in the database search.

Table 3 Search terms and combinations for additional searches
______________________________________________________________________________________________
1st additional search

2nd additional search

3rd additional search

4th additional search

AND patients

AND indoor air quality

AND indoor air quality

AND indoor air quality

AND indoor pollution

-

-

AND hospital

Health personnel

Health professionals

Patients

Welfare technology

4

Camilla Mattjus

On the additional search, the first additional search gave 5,750 hits, the second additional search
gave 15,000 hits, the third additional search gave 17,000 hits, and the fourth additional search

gave 4,240 hits. The researcher decided that it was a too time-consuming work to browse

through all the 41,990 hits, and as a result, the first 9-13 pages with hits were screened,
depending on the amount of relevant titles. Worth noting is the fact that every page at Google

Scholar presented 10 of the hits, and as a result a total of 440 hits were screened. The additional
searches included relevant materials based on title only. The first additional search gave 15

relevant materials, the second additional search gave 5 relevant materials, the third additional
search gave relevant 5 materials, and the fourth additional search gave 3 relevant materials.

After going through the articles (n=28), 15 were excluded as not relevant or falling out as a
result of exclusion criteria. Three articles were duplicates and therefore excluded. In total 49
articles were included in the scoping review.

Figure 1 Prisma Flow Chart

5

Camilla Mattjus

Results

After analyzing the collected data, it was possible to form three categories related to the content

of each article. Table 4 displays the articles included in the scoping review, their country of

origin and year of publication. The included studies were carried out in 24 different countries.

The categories formed as a result of this scoping review are as follows: Indoor Air Quality in

various healthcare facilities, Health problems found among patients and healthcare
professionals and Ways of improving indoor air quality. The results will be presented hereafter
in sub-chapters.

Indoor air quality in various healthcare facilities

Articles found related to indoor air quality and the impact it has on various types of healthcare
facilities were 29. The oldest articles were found through manual search and were ranging from

2006-2013. The other articles were found when searching six databases. The year of publication
for the articles ranges from 2015-2019. The studies originate from 18 different countries and
describe various environments and exposures to polluted indoor air, which affect the indoor air
quality.

Healthcare facilities all represent different kinds of environments, where bacterial indoors can

be set in motion. The main sources of bacterial indoors in healthcare facilities are patients,

families and healthcare professionals (12). The risk for contamination can also stem from a
central air conditioning system. The importance of the hospital air quality is often stressed,
which also includes humidity levels, particulate matter (PM), temperature, toxic metals, fungi

and bacteria. Open suctioning is a common phenomenon in the hospitals that also increases the
bioaerosol exposure risk for healthcare professionals. Ventilation systems should be checked

on a regular basis, and a boost of environmental disinfections during summer as well as

continuous training of staff on proper precautions and hand hygiene are needed in order to

decrease the bioaerosol exposure risk for healthcare professionals. Further research is needed
in order to find out whether ambient air pollution can potentiate infections, e.g. in an endoscopic

unit (13). The different types of particulate matter had concentrations exceeding the WHO
recommendations in both retirement homes and school dormitories (14). The levels of bacteria

are higher than the recommended biological air standards in the hospitals (15) and newer
buildings tend to have lower pollution of indoor air compared to older buildings when

6

Camilla Mattjus

considering various ventilation systems (16). A study carried out in a Greek hospital pointed
out the chemical composition of airborne particles found in the air that pose a health risk for

healthcare professionals who inhale the components on a daily basis for several hours (17). A
healthcare facility is a place where people should stay healthy or have the possibility to become
healthy. Further on it turns out that Phthalate ester (PAE) pollution is always present with a

high concentration in the indoor air of hospitals (18). The PAE level in hospitals is more serious

than in newly decorated homes. Indoor air assessed in retirement homes had high levels of
PM10, which is associated with 3-fold odds of allergic rhinitis (19). Regardless of region or
place, it seems that the indoor air contains elevated concentrations of chemical compounds,

which has remained unsolved in many regions (20). At a medical faculty the findings indicated

that levels of PM2.5 are higher than recommended by both U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency (USEPA) and WHO (21). Research also showed that indoor particulate matter

concentrations were lower than the outdoor particulate matter. Temporal and seasonal
variations of particles could also affect these, especially when investigating indoor dust. (22).

Improvement of indoor air quality is crucial in order to eliminate all molds and dampness found

in roofs and walls and other surfaces. Good maintenance of ventilation systems in order to
function optimally is needed (23). Hospital sink drain biofilms and dust accumulated on air

conditioning filters and on floor surfaces were assessed in order to find out whether they pose

a potential risk of airborne microbial diversity (24). Airborne microorganisms in healthcare
facilities could potentially place patients and visitors at risk even with lower microbial

concentrations. Efforts need to be taken in order to prevent as well as minimize the transmission

of microbial agents inside hospitals. Findings from another study carried out by Zenebe et al

(2018) indicate that the highest indoor bacterial count was seen at the general medical ward,
and recommendations are made that hospitals should have enhanced practice of good sanitation

protocols as well as infection control measures (25). In another test of microbiological air
contamination, it turns out that the labor room was the most contaminated ward of the five

wards tested, which could be due to poor ventilation as well as improper sanitization (26).
Improvement of these is recommended in order to ensure the safety of mothers and newborns
and to prevent nosocomial infections. Indoor air distribution of nitrogen dioxide and ozone in

urban hospitals was assessed and the air quality of hospitals fluctuated, which was caused by
factors such as outdoor pollution and ventilation rate. Yet it showed that the standard

regulations for both O3 and NO2 were within the limits (27). In future a prolonged assessment

7

Camilla Mattjus

should be carried out in order to evaluate indoor air quality and potential health risks in
hospitals.

Furthermore, residents of elderly care centers spend more than 95% indoors, and the number
tends to be higher in elderly care centers with more bedridden clients. The concentration of

VOCt, CO2 and O3 as well as PM10 outpaced the limit values predominantly as a result of poor

ventilation in study sites (28). On the other hand, another study indicated that indoor air quality

is acceptable in elderly care centers and the only measures that need to be taken are to control

peak concentrations and fungi species that might compromise indoor air quality comfort (29).
The concentration of indoor and outdoor bioaerosols in a retirement home as well as in a school
dormitory had findings that signify that the bioaerosols presented are an integral part of human

life as part of the biosphere (30). A study in Chennai, India, showed that the bacterial count
was lower in both the operation theatre and the intensive care unit compared to other wards
(31). Found on the other wards were pathogens causing nosocomial infections.

A downward ventilation system cannot produce downward unidirectional airflow pattern at four
air changes per hour, as the recommended design by CDC (32). Quantitative bioaerosol

concentration in the air exceeded the recommendations at some sites that were studied. The
importance of designing ventilation systems utilizing them in healthcare facilities with no air

treatment system was stressed (33). Wang et al. (2006) assessed hospitals, and findings
indicated that PM2.5 levels were higher than recommended by USEPA (34). The average indoor

concentration elements were lower than the ones measured outdoors, and this finding suggests
that indoor elements originate from outdoor emission sources. Moreover, the nature of the
indoor air contamination of the hospitals evaluated had results that indicated that for all

compounds the measure concentration was lower than concentrations that are known to be
harmful for humans. The sampling location indoor air was containing a complex mixture of

VOCs (35). Another study carried out by Mui et al. (2008) in Hong Kong showed that the four
elements measured, carbon dioxide concentration, operative temperature, illumination level and
equivalent noise level, had an important effect on the overall acceptance of indoor environment

quality. Everyone there except for a small number (<1%) was satisfied with the indoor
environment quality (36).

Another study, by Becks et al. (2015), indicated that if applicable strategies were applied that

move the hospital microbe closer to the one found in the outdoor environment, then it would be

8

Camilla Mattjus

possible to create an ecosystem which reduces the risk of patients getting Hospital Acquired
Infections (HAI) (37). When taking ventilation strategies, ventilation rates, differential pressure

control and air filtration into consideration, it came forward that these factors can contribute to
the spread of airborne infectious disease in hospitals. Factors that can affect several infectious

organisms are: temperature, indoor air ventilation systems and also the humidity level, which

in turn can affect patient outcomes (38). Fonseca et al. (2019) proved that natural ventilation is

not enough when the activity of users in the indoor space is higher, and it should be considered

a complement when considering sustainable improvements for indoor air quality (39). There
seems to be lack of studies bringing up more information regarding pollutants. These factors

also need to overcome criticism related to the design of healing environments and the
interdisciplinary knowledge needs to be considered (40).

Health problems found among patients and healthcare professionals

In this category, 15 articles were found related to health problems caused by indoor air quality

among healthcare professionals and patients. The oldest articles were found in the manual
search and ranged between the years 2006-2008. The other articles were found when searching

five databases as well as an additional search, and they ranged from the years 2016-2019. The
studies presented are carried out in 16 different countries.

Carreiro-Martins et al. (2016) examined the association between elderly’s quality of life and

the reported respiratory diseases (41). The indications were that the presence of respiratory
morbidities seems to be crucial regarding the risk factors for low quality of life among the

elderly. There is a need to better control respiratory health conditions, and if controlled it might
improve the quality of life among the nursing home residents. Moreover, the GERIE study’s
results indicate that there seems to be an independent effect on various indoor air pollutants as

well as comfort parameters on respiratory morbidity among the elderly living in nursing homes.
The impact was higher among people aged more than 80 years and if the ventilation was poor
(42).

Nursing homes that are poorly ventilated increases the risk of respiratory health

impairment among elder people, especially those who are 80 years or older (43). Not only
indoor air alone creates health threats to patients but in general the climate itself. The

importance brought up was for healthcare staff to be aware of the threats and disease burden
that might increase for patients with asthma and allergies (44).

9

Camilla Mattjus

The findings indicated, in Ghanizadeh and Godini (2018) study, that e.g. medicines used in
emergency rooms, creates airborne particles that staff inhale daily for long periods of time

which exposes them to long-term health hazards. It turns out that the biological pollutants found

in the air can not only intensify the health hazards for staff but also violate the recovery process

for patients with various types of diagnoses (45). However, Veysi, et al. (2019) indicated that

the mean concentration of particulate matter, volatile organic compounds (VOC) and bioaerosols are higher in hospitals compared to offices. The most common complaint was

concerning coughing and shortness of breath. A recommendation was made to design and
implement improved ventilation systems (46). While Casey, et al. (2017) indicated that a

specific disinfectant product was associated with mucous membrane issues as well as
respiratory health effects. There is a need to identify optimal protocols that would reduce the

worker exposure while patient safety is still maintained (47). Findings brought up the risk
factors related to new-onset asthma in nurses (48). Exposure to cleaning products as well as

disinfectants at the workplace increased the risk of new-onset asthma among nurses. A crosssectional survey was carried out investigating the association of asthma prevalence with

occupational exposures of healthcare professionals (49). The additions of occupational

exposures to asthma in healthcare are inconsequential and therefore, further studies and
implementation of appropriate controls are needed.

Further on, Hellgren et al. (2008) assessed whether the air questionnaire of the Finnish Institute

of Occupational Health functions in hospital environment. The findings of the study indicate

that the indoor air questionnaires seem to also function for the hospital environment and the
questionnaire is also useful for getting an understanding of the immediate repairs needed for

moisture and mold damage (50). Hellgren and Reijula (2006) also evaluated the perceived
indoor air quality and work-related symptoms among hospital employees in a national survey.
The results of the study show that complaints linked to noise, draft, dry and stuffy air as well

as unpleasant odors were more frequent in hospitals rather than offices (51). Additionally,
irritation of hands, the nose and eyes, as well as fatigue were also experienced more in the
hospitals compared to offices. Another study pinpointed the fact that almost 50% of nurses

complain of sick building syndrome symptoms. There is a need for improvements regarding
ventilation quality, lighting, and cleanliness at work on special care units (52). Yet, Babaoglu
et al.(2019) presented findings that argues that workers at the studied hospital were exposed to
working conditions that may increase the risk of experiencing sick building syndrome
symptoms (53).

10

Camilla Mattjus

Comfort and health of both staff and patients are varying depending on what department they
are at. Usually staff who also spend more time at departments were less satisfied with thermal,

spatial layout, air, acoustical and visual qualities of departments (54). In 2018 it was written in
the publishing of Researchers in Sciences that the importance of protection as well as

improvement of both physical and mental well-being of healthcare professionals need to be
considered. The importance of proper ventilation systems that can protect against infections

from airborne contaminants were especially highlighted, if no preventive measures are carried
out, it will not be possible for healthcare professionals, who put their own health and life at risk,
to provide a qualitative and effective health care service (55).

Ways of improving indoor air quality

Five articles, concerning ways of improving indoor air quality, were included. The oldest article
is from year 2013. The other articles were found in the six databases used and were from year
2016 and year 2018. The studies found were carried out in six different countries.

Shen et al. (2013) investigated the indoor air quality conditions of carbon dioxide, ozone,

carbon monoxide, formaldehyde, total volatile organic compounds and bioaerosols. The results
showed that AgZ filtering can be used as a feasible engineering measures for hospitals in order

to control fungi and bacterial levels in indoor air quality managements (56). Another study
assessed whether it is efficient to clean the absorbed polluted air inside the mattress using the

local cleaning and to let it back in the surrounding room air. Hence, cleaning of locally polluted

air and recirculating it will improve the IAQ and reduce needed background ventilation. This
study was undertaken by testing a ventilated mattress. The results indicated that the use of an
acid-treated activated carbon fiber fabric as a blanket was an effective way of decreasing the

exposure to ammonia gas by more than 80%. However, the most effective way of decreasing

exposure with more than 0+% of ammonia gas in the room was by using both the ACF fabric

blanket and the ventilated mattress. It turns out that not even a relative humidity from 25-70%
diminished the efficiency of the ACF. It can have a broader function not only in healthcare
facilities but also in elderly homes (57).

There was also a study undertaken in order to quantify the efficiency of a portable air

disinfecting system against viruses in a real-time hospital setting (58). Results show that in both
study sites there was no statistically significant difference in using the natural HVAC system

11

Camilla Mattjus

or the portable air disinfecting system. A numerical analysis method is useful when assessing
the age of air in various spaces in order to gain understanding of the indoor air quality (59).
Additionally, a research is begun where the hypothesis is that air purification-treatment can

have benefits to quality of life and also a clinical value as it can improve patients’ wellbeing
(60).

Table 4 Sample overview

Indoor Air Quality in various
healthcare facilities

Health problems found among patients
and health professionals

Ways of improving air quality

Article nr & year & country
2015 Taiwan
2018 Korea
2015 Iran
2016 Ethiopia
2018 France
2016 Greece
2015 China
2016 Portugal & Italy
2017 Poland

Article nr & year & country
2016 Portugal
2015 France & Italy
2015 France, Sweden, Poland, Belgium,
Italy, Greece & Denmark
2018 Iran
2017 USA
2019 Iran

Article nr & year & country
2013 Taiwan
2016 USA

MANUAL SEARCH 2019
2018 Egypt
2012 Turkey
2014 Portugal
2009 Taiwan
2008 China & Denmark
2013 Portugal & The Netherlands
2013 Iran
2006 China
2015 Portugal
2015 Iran
2008 India
2013 France
2008 Hong Kong
2015 Australia
ADDITIONAL SEARCH 2020
2018 USA
2018 Ethiopia
2019 Iran, Turkey, USA
2018 India
2018 Portugal
2019 Italy
n= 29

< 3 years

< 6 years old

> 7 years old
> 10 years

MANUAL SEARCH 2019
2008 USA
2007 USA
2008 Finland
2006 Finland

MANUAL SEARCH 2019
2016 Denmark & Japan
ADDITIONAL SEARCH 2020
2018 China
2018 Korea

ADDITIONAL SEARCH 2020
2019 South Africa
2019 The Netherlands
2018 UK
2018 Iran
2019 Turkey

n = 15
Total nr of countries = 24

n=5
Total articles n = 49

12

Camilla Mattjus

Discussion

The aim with this scoping review was to find out whether indoor air quality is affected in

healthcare facilities and whether there are any existing solutions for improving indoor air

quality. Various studies showed that indoor air quality could vary due to procedures undertaken
in different units (12) (13). There are also studies that suggests that the bacterial load as well as

the level of both PM2.5 and PM10 are increased in healthcare facilities, which affects the health
(14) (15) (19) (21) . Further on, chemical composition of airborne particles have been found in

the air which poses a health risk for healthcare staff and patients (61). Another interesting
finding was that phthalate ester (PAE) pollution was present and with high concentrations in
the hospitals (18). People seem to tend to forget how much pollution can be found inside
different healthcare facilities, while it should be always taken into consideration and acted on.

The significance of indoor air quality was obvious as there were reports showing that elderly
people (mainly over 80) were affected and their respiratory health had a tendency to be affected

by indoor air quality (43). Healthcare professionals become affected by disinfectants (47), and

there are nurses who also suffer from new-onset asthma (48) (49). It is argued that people are

affected by indoor air, which is polluted due to different reasons. Moreover, it is of importance

to single out the causes to polluted indoor air in order to be able to improve the health of both
elderly patients and other patients as well as to preserve the healthcare staff, who work within
these types of conditions. Several studies had made recommendations on what should be

changed in future, and it would be interesting to know whether changes were made and whether
the indoor air quality improved. Surprising with this scoping review was that only five studies

were found regarding improving indoor air quality. The hopes for this scoping study were to

find some cost-effective solutions of improving indoor air quality. One suggestion is to use AgZ
filtering which can be used as a feasible engineering measure for hospitals in order to control

fungi and bacterial levels indoors (56). An air disinfecting system against viruses in real-time
hospital settings was developed, but unfortunately, the results do not show any statistical

significance of using neither the natural HVAC nor the portable air disinfecting system (58).
Furthermore, a mattress that absorbs polluted air, cleanses it, and releases it back to the room

was developed. The use of blankets made of acid-treated activated carbon fiber fabric also
seems to have effect. The most effective solution is to use a combination of the ACF blanket
and the ventilating mattress (57). There seems to be a need for developing more solutions in
order to be able to improve indoor air quality in various health care settings.

13

Camilla Mattjus

Another interesting factor is an air questionnaire developed by the Finnish Institute of
Occupational Health. The questionnaire functions for the hospital environment and gives an

immediate understanding of immediate repairs needed for moisture and mold damage (50). The
questionnaire was developed and already in use in year 2008. In this paper the results are

pointing out that individuals are affected by poor indoor air quality. There are solutions that are

cost-effective for monitoring the air quality, and yet, innovative solutions for improving the
indoor air quality are still needed. A healthcare facility is a place where people are cared for

due to already existing illness, or where people should be able to work without falling ill. Either
way, the indoor air quality should not be causing people to fall ill or get worse, especially not

in healthcare facilities. The question posed is, why do one not keep on searching for solutions
to improve indoor air? Findings, which were presented in the background, also indicate that

the climate change is another obstacle that will have an impact on indoor air quality, which
stresses the importance to start acting now.

Conclusion

Air quality affects health in patients and healthcare professionals working in different

healthcare facilities. This phenomenon seems to occur worldwide. Moreover, questionnaires
seem to exist that can be used in order to find out whether the air quality is affecting people

living or working in a building. Unfortunately, solutions on how to improve the air quality are
limited, even though various ventilation types exist and have been tested with varying results.

However, there seems to be a need to find a solution on how to improve indoor air quality as
well as how to improve it in a cost-effective way.

14

Camilla Mattjus

Swedish summary

Inomhusluftkvalitén i olika hälsovårdsanläggningar och potentiella lösningar för
att förbättra inomhusluften. En kartläggande översikt.
Förord

Denna artikel är ett resultat av ett samarbete under åren 2019–2020 mellan Enheten för

energiteknik och Vårdvetenskapliga enheten på Åbo Akademi, Vasa. Projektets handlade
ursprungligen om miljöns påverkan på hälsa. Forskningsområdet specificerades till att gälla
inomhusluftkvalitén och dess påverkan på hälsa och ifall det finns lösningar för att förbättra

inomhusluften. En första genomgång av aktuell forskning resulterade i totalt fem kategorier

gällande inomhusluftkvalitén, hälsoproblem bland patienter och sjukvårdspersonal, sätt att
förbättra

inomhusluften

och

ventilationssystem

och

olika

konstruktioner

och

inomhusluftövervakning. Kategorin rörande inomhusluftövervakning gav en mängd
information

om

hur

man

kan

följa

med

inomhusluftkvalitén.

Inomhusluftövervakningsenheterna som presenterades var kostnadseffektiva och enkla att
installera och använda. Gällande olika ventilationssystem kunde man konstatera att det finns en

hel del forskning kring ämnet och att ventilationssystem har en stor inverkan på

inomhusluftkvalitén. Eftersom forskningsområdet fortfarande efter genomgången var
omfattande så specificerades ämnet än mer. Fokus låg på faktorer som påverkar inomhusluften

i olika hälsovårdsanläggningar och hälsoproblem som drabbar patienter och sjukvårdspersonal,
samt att hitta potentiella lösningar som existerar för att kunna förbättra inomhusluften. Behovet
av att begränsa luftburna partiklar i omgivningen är stor, speciellt när man tar
infektionssjukdomar i beaktande men också när man beaktar personalen och patienternas hälsa

i allmänhet. Hälsovårdsanläggningar är per definition ämnade att gynna patienternas hälsa.

Denna pro gradu-avhandling är skriven i form av en artikel och är tänkt att skickas in till The
International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health. Hädanefter kommer

strukturen samt källhänvisningen av denna avhandling att följa författarens riktlinjer för
nämnda tidskrift.

Introduktion

Denna artikel diskuterar den påverkan inomhusluftkvalitén har på hälsan för både patienter och
sjukvårdspersonal. När man pratar om luftkvalité definieras det som innehållet i luften i termer

av hur mycket föroreningar som finns där (1). Luftkvalité är luftens tillstånd i vår omgivning

15

Camilla Mattjus

(3). Enligt Världshälsoorganisationen så orsakar luftföroreningar 2,4 miljoner dödsfall årligen

till följd av hjärtsjukdomar (4). Vidare sker 1,8 miljoner dödsfall till följd av cancer och

lungsjukdomar. Det uppskattas att 4,2 miljoner dödsfall sker årligen till följd av omgivande
luftföroreningar och 3,8 miljoner dödsfall är orsakade av så kallad hushållsexponering som är

till exempel rök från bränslen och smutsiga kaminer. Totalt bor 91% av världens befolkning på

platser där luftkvalitetsnivåerna överskrider Världshälsoorganisationens riktlinjer. I denna
artikel hänvisar vi till termen sjukvårdspersonal, som är personer som tar hand om andra

människor med deras hälsa som huvudsakliga intresse. De gör detta genom evidensbaserad
praxis och principer inom medicin och vård (5). Människan spenderar nästan 90% av sin tid

inomhus och andas cirka 15 000 liter luft varje dag (6). Detta styrker vikten av att ta
inomhusluftkvalitén

i

beaktande.

Dålig

inomhusluft

har

observerats

påverka

arbetseffektiviteten samt orsaka hälsoproblem. Finlands tillstånds- och tillsynsverk för socialoch hälsovården – Valvira (2019) har också tagit upp faktorer som påverkar inomhusluften,
såsom olika kemikalier, partiklar, fibrer och fysiska tillstånd till exempel fukt och temperatur.

Material och metod

Datainsamlingen för den kartläggande översikten genomfördes under perioden maj 2019 – juni
2019. Datainsamlingen följde riktlinjerna för kartläggande översikt enligt PRISMA Extension

for Scoping Reviews: Checklist and Explanation (11). De databaser som användes var EBSCO

Academic Premier Search, CINAHL, PsycINFO, PsycARTICLES och PubMed. Sökningen
begränsades med hjälp av inklusions- och exkluderingskriterier. Totalt 2639 artiklar
granskades. Efter första granskningen av titlar och abstrakt blev 2520 artiklar exkluderade,
varpå 122 artiklar i fulltextversion lästes. Efter genomgång av fulltextversionerna exkluderas

52 artiklar och därmed inkluderades 70 artiklar. Värt att notera är att sökningen genomfördes
med en publiceringsrestriktion men efter den manuella sökningen blev relevanta artiklar från år
2006, 2007, 2008 och 2009 inkluderade.

Det visade sig i emellertid att sökningen

fortsättningsvis var så bred och omfattande att forskningsområdet behövde specificeras ännu
mer

för

att

beröra

främst

inomhusluftkvalitén

och

dess

påverkan

på

olika

hälsovårdsanläggningar och potentiella lösningar för att förbättra inomhusluften. Följaktligen

genomfördes ytterligare en sökning under perioden januari 2020 - april 2020 på Google
Scholar, för att hitta ytterligare grå litteratur. I denna sökning var restriktion av publiceringsåren
för artiklarna mellan åren 2018–2020. Totalt blev 440 artiklars titlar och abstrakt granskade och

16

Camilla Mattjus

då återstod 28 artiklar lästes som fulltextversioner. Efter genomgång av fulltextversioner
exkluderas 15 artiklar. Totalt blev 49 artiklar inkluderade i studien (se figur 1, s. 4).

Resultat

Efter analys av insamlade data var det möjligt att bilda tre kategorier relaterat till innehållet i

artiklarna. Tabell 4 (s.11) visar artiklarna som ingår i den kartläggande översikten,
ursprungsland och publiceringsår. Studierna hade gjorts i 24 länder. Kategorierna som bildades

till följd av denna kartläggande granskning är följande: Inomhusluftkvalitén i olika

hälsovårdsanläggningar, hälsoproblem som drabbar patienter och sjukvårdspersonal och
olika sätt att förbättra inomhusluftkvalitén.

Flera studier visade på att inomhusluftkvalitén kan variera på grund av olika procedurer som
utförs i olika enheter (12)(13). Studier indikerade också att den bakteriella belastningen såväl

som nivån av både PM2.5 och PM10 är högre i hälsovårdsanläggningar vilket också påverkar
hälsan (14) (15) (19) (21). Även den kemiska sammansättningen av luftburna partiklar har
hittats i luften vilket utgör en hälsorisk för sjukvårdspersonal och patienter (61). Även
ftalatestrar fanns i höga nivåer på sjukhus (18). Signifikansen av inomhusluftkvalitén påvisades

i studier eftersom äldre personer, främst de över 80 år, påverkades och deras luftvägar hade en
tendens att också påverkas av inomhusluftkvalitén (43). Sjukvårdspersonal påverkas av

desinfektionsmedel (47) och det finns även sjukvårdspersonal som drabbas av debuterande

astma (48)(49). Vidare påverkas människor av inomhusluft som är förorenad av olika orsaker.
Det är viktigt att utreda orsakerna till förorenad inomhusluft, för att man ska kunna förbättra

hälsan för äldre och andra klienter men också bevara sjukvårdspersonals hälsa. Det framkom

inte så många studier med potentiella lösningar för att förbättra inomhusluften. Däremot kan
egentillverkat zeolitfiltermaterial belagt med silver (AgZ) användas som en genomförbar
teknisk åtgärd för sjukhus för att kontrollera bakterienivåer och svamp inomhus (56). Även ett

luftdesinficeringssystem mot virus på sjukhus utvecklades men dessvärre visar resultaten inte

på någon statistisk betydelse av att använda endera det naturliga uppvärmnings-, ventilationsoch luftkonditioneringssystemet (HVAC) eller det bärbara luftdesinficeringssystemet (58). En
innovation som framkom var en madrass som absorberar förorenad luft, rengör den, samt
släpper ut den tillbaka i rummet. Även filtar gjorda av syrabehandlat aktiv kolfiberväv verkar
ha god effekt. Den mest effektiva lösningen är att använda sig av kombinationen aktiv

kolfiberväv-filt och ventilationsmadrassen (57). Ytterligare har en numerisk analysmetod visat
sig vara användbar när man kontrollerar luftålder i olika utrymmen för att kunna förstå hurdan

17

Camilla Mattjus

kvalité inomhusluften har (59). I ett nyligen påbörjad forskning har man som hypotes att
luftreningsbehandling kan ha fördelar för livskvaliteten och även ett kliniskt värde eftersom det
kan förbättra patienters välbefinnande (60).

Sammanfattning

Det är möjligt att dra slutsatsen att inomhusluftkvaliteten påverkar hälsan hos patienter och

sjukvårdspersonal som befinner sig i olika hälsovårdsanläggningar. Detta är ett fenomen som
verkar förekomma över hela världen. Dessutom verkar det finnas existerande frågeformulär

som kan användas för att ta reda på om luftkvaliteten påverkar människor som bor eller arbetar
i en byggnad. Dessvärre verkar det inte finnas många lösningar på hur man kan förbättra
kvalitén på inomhusluften och hur man kan göra det på ett konstadseffektivt sätt.

Camilla Mattjus

References
1. Collins English Dictionary. Definition of 'air quality'. [Online] August 20, 2019.
https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/air-quality.
2. The Free Dictionary by Farlex. Air Quality Standards. [Online] August 20, 2019. https://medicaldictionary.thefreedictionary.com/air+quality+standards.
3. Conserve Energy Future. What is air quality. [Online] [Cited: August 20, 2019.]
https://www.conserve-energy-future.com/what-is-air-quality.php.
4. World Health Organization. Air pollution. [Online] [Cited: August 20, 2019.]
https://www.who.int/airpollution/en/.
5. World Health Organization. Annex 1 Definition and list of health professionals. Transforming and
Scaling Up Health Professionals Education and Training. Geneva, Switzerland : World Health
Organization, 2013.
6. Guide om inomhusluft. Hengitysliitto. [Online] 2016. [Cited: May 05, 2020.]
https://www.hengitysliitto.fi/sites/default/files/oppaat/sisailmaopas-sve_nettiin.pdf.
7. Microbiological Assessment of Indoor Air of Teaching Hospital Wards: A Case of Jimma University
Specialized Hospital. Fekadu, Samuel and Getachewu, Bahilu. 2015, Ethiopian Journal of Health
Sciences, pp. 117-122.
8. Kemikalier i inomhusluften. Valvira - National Supervisory Authority for Welfare and Health.
[Online] Februari 6, 2019. https://www.valvira.fi/web/sv/miljo-ochhalsa/halsoskydd/boendehalsa/kemikalier-i-inomhusluften.
9. NASA Official - National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Climate change: How do we know?
Global Climate Change - Vital signs of the planet. [Online] [Cited: February 6, 2019.]
https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/.
10. Berkeley Lab - Bringing science Solutions to the World. Indoor Air Quality - Climate Change.
[Online] [Cited: February 6, 2019.] https://iaqscience.lbl.gov/cc.
11. PRISMA Extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR):Checklist and Explanation. Tricco, Andrea C.,
et al. 2018, Annals of Internal Medicine, pp. 467-473.
12. Aerosol Distribution During Open Suctioning and Long-Term Surveillance of Air Quality in a
Respiratory Care Center Within a Medical Center. Chung, Fen-Fang, et al. 2015, Respiratory Care, pp.
30-37.
13. Ambient air pollution in gastrointestinal endoscopy unit; rationale and design of a prospective
study. Bang, Chang Seok, et al. 2018, Medicine, pp. 1-5.
14. Characterization of PAHs and metals in indoor/outdoor PM10/PM2.5/PM1 in a retirement home
and a school dormitory. Hassanvand, Mohammad Sadegh, et al. 2015, Science of the Total
Environment, pp. 100-110.
15. High bacterial load of indoor air in hospital wards: the case of University of Gondar teaching
hospital, Northwest Ethiopia. Gizaw, Zemichael, Gebrehiwot, Mulat and Yenew, Chalachew. 2016,
Multidisciplinary Respiratory Medicine, pp. 1-7.

Camilla Mattjus
16. Indoor air quality in two French hospitals: Measurement of chemical and microbiological
contaminants. Baurés, Estelle, et al. 2018, Science of the Total Environment, pp. 168-179.
17. Indoor/outdoor PM2.5 elemental composition and organic fraction medications, in a Greek
hospital. Loupa, Glykeria, et al. 2016, Science of the Total Environment, pp. 727-735.
18. Pollution levels and characteristics of phthalate esters in indoor air in hospitals. Wang, Xueqing, et
al. 2015, Journal of Environmental Sciences, pp. 67-74.
19. The impact of indoor air quality and contaminants on respiratory health of older people living in
long-term residences in Porto. Mendes, Ana, et al. 2016, Age and Ageing, pp. 136-142.
20. Indoor air quality in public utility environments - a review. Smielowska, Monika, Marc, Mariusz
and Zabiegala, Bozena. 2017, Environmental Science and Pollution Research International, pp. 1116611176.
21. An assessment of indoor PM2.5 concentrations at a medical faculty in Istanbul, Turkey. Yurtseven,
Eray, et al. 2012, Environment Protection Engineering, pp. 115-127.
22. Assessment of indoor air pollution exposure in urban hospital microenvironments.
Mohammadyan, Mahmoud, et al. 2019, Air Quality, Atmosphere & Health, pp. 151-159.
23. Biological Air Contamination in Elderly Care Centers: Geria Project. Aguiar, ivia, et al. 2014,
Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health, Part A: Current issues, pp. 944-958.
24. A study on microbiological contamination on air quality in hospitals in Egypt. Osman, ME, et al.
2018, Indoor and Built Environment, pp. 953-968.
25. Indoor Air Bacterial Load, Isolate and Antimicrobial Suscpetibility Patterns at Hawassa University
Comprehensive Specialized Hospital Wards. Zenebe, Mengistu Hailemariam, et al. 2018, Inertnational
Journal of Clinical Chemistry and Laboratory Medicine, pp. 6-13.
26. Profiling of Microbial Contamination in Internal Atmosphere of Hospital Ward. Pawar, AP, et al.
2018, Research in Pediatrics & Neonatology, pp. 114-117.
27. Indoor Air Distribution of Nitrogen Dioxide and Ozone in Urban Hospitals. Chen, Hong-Wen,
Chuang, Chun-Yu and Lin, Heng-To. 2009, Bulletin of Environmental Contamination and Toxicology,
pp. 147-150.
28. Elderly exposure to indoor air pollutants. Almedia-Silva, M., Wolterbeek, H.T. and Almeida, S.M.
2014, Atmospheric Environment, pp. 54-63.
29. Indoor air quality and thermal comfort in elderly care centers. Mendes, Ana, et al. 2015, Urban
Climate, pp. 486-501.
30. Indoor/outdoor relationshops of bioaerosol concentrations in a retirement home and a school
dormitory. Faridi, Sasan, et al. 2015, Environmental Science and Pollution Research, pp. 8190-8200.
31. Study of the Indoor Air Quality in Hospitals in South Chennai, India - Microbial Profile.
Sudharsanam, Suchithra, et al. 2008, Indoor and Built Environment, pp. 435-441.
32. Dispersion of exhalation pollutants in a two-bed hospital ward with a downward ventilation
system. Qian, Hua, et al. 2006, Building and Environment, pp. 344-354.
33. Evaluation of Bioaerosols in Five Educational Hospital Wards Air in Hamedan, During 2011-2012.
Hoseinzadeh, Edris, et al. 2013, Jundishapur Journal of Microbiology, pp. 1-8.

Camilla Mattjus
34. Hospital indoor PM10/PM2.5 and associated trace elements in Guangzhou, China. Wang, Xinhua,
et al. 2006, Science of the Total Environment, pp. 124-135.
35. VOC Contamination in Hospital, from stationary samplign of a Large Panel of Compounds, in View
of Healthcare Workers and Patients Exposure Assessment. Bessonneau, Viincent, et al. 2013, Plos
One, pp. 1-15.
36. Evaluation of indoor environment quality of elderly centers of Hong Kong. Mui, K. W. , et al. 2008,
International Journal for Housing Science, pp. 121-131.
37. Environmental contamination and hospital-acquired infection: factors that are easily overlooked.
Beggs, C., et al. 2015, Indoor Air, pp. 462-474.
38. Shajahan, Amreen, Culp, Charles H. and Williamson, Brandon. Effects of indoor environmental
parameters related to building heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems on patients' medical
outcomes: A review of scientific research on hospital buildings. International Journal of Indoor
Environment and Health. December 27, 2018, pp. 161-176.
39. Indoor Air Quality and Sustainability Management - Case Study in Three Portuguese Healthcare
Units. Fonseca, Ana, et al. 2019, Sustainability, pp. 1-14.
40. Indoor Air Quality in Inpatient Environments: A Systematic Review on Factors that Influence
Chemical Pollution in Inpatient Wards. Gola, Marco, Settimo, Gaetano and Capolongo, Stefano. 2019,
Journal of Healthcare Engineering, pp. 1-20.
41. Chronic respiratory diseases and quality of life in elderly nursing home residents. Carreiro-Martins,
Pedro, et al. 2016, Chronic Respiratory Disease, pp. 211-219.
42. Indoor air quality, ventilation and respiratory health in elderly residents living in nursing homes in
Europe. Bentayeb, Malek, et al. 2015, European Respiratory Journal, pp. 1228-1238.
43. Air quality of nursing homes and its effect on the lungh health of elderly residents. Maio, S., et al.
2015, Expert Review of Resporatory Medicine, pp. 671-673.
44. Review article - Global health threats in 2019: How will they affect our patients with allergies and
asthma? Gray, Claudia L. 2019, Current Allergy & Clinical Immunology, pp. 167-168.
45. A review of the chemical and biological pollutants in indoor air in hospitals and assessing their
effects on the health of patients, staff and visitors. Ghanizadeh, Fatemeh and Godini, Hatam. 2018,
Reviews on Envrionmental Health, pp. 231-245.
46. Indoor air quality-indiced respiratory sympotoms of a hospital staff in Iran. Veysi, Rahmat, et al.
2019, Environmental Monitoring and Assessment, pp. 1-8.
47. Health problems and disinfectant product exposure among staff at a large multispecialty hospital.
Casey, Megan L., et al. 2017, American Journal of Infection Control, pp. 1133-1138.
48. Occupational exposures and asthma among nursing professionals. Arif, A A, Delclos, G L and
Serra, C. 2008, Occupational and Environmental Medicine, pp. 274-278.
49. Occupational Risk Fcators and Asthma among Heallth Care Professionals. Delclos, George L., et al.
2007, American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, pp. 667-675.
50. Complaints and symptoms among hospital staff in relation to indoor air and the condition and
need for repairs in hospital buildings. Hellgren, Ulla-Maija, et al. 2008, Scandinavian Journal of Work,
Environment & Health, pp. 58-63.

Camilla Mattjus
51. Indoor-air-related complaints and symptoms among hospital workers. Hellgren, Ulla-Maija and
Reijula, Kari. 2006, Scandinavian Journal of Work, Environment & Health, pp. 47-49.
52. Sick Building Syndrome in Nurses of Intensive Care Units and Its Associated Factors. Jafakesh,
Sare, et al. 2019, Journal of Holistic Nursing and Midwifery, pp. 145-152.
53. Sick building symptoms among hospital workers associated with indoor air quality and personal
factors. Babaoglu, Ulken Tunga, Sezgin, Fikriye Milletli and Yag, Funda. 2019, Indoor and Built
Environment, pp. 1-11.
54. Comfort and health of patients and staff, related to the physical environment of different
departments in hospitals: a literature review. Eijkelenboom, AnneMarie and Bluyssen, Philomena M.
2019, Intelligent Buildings International, pp. 1-19.
55. Özmen, S. and Sögüt, S. Health of Healthcare Professionals. [book auth.] Nelya Lukpanovna
Shapekova, et al. Recent Researches in Health Sciences. Lady Stephenson Library, Newcastle upon
Tyne, NE6 2PA, UK : Cambridge Scholars Publishing, 2018, pp. 618-632.
56. Improving the indoor air quality of respiratory type of medical facility by zeolite filtering. Shen,
Jyun-Hong, et al. 2013, Journal of the Air & Waste Management Association, pp. 13-18.
57. Bed-integrated local exhaust ventilation system combined with local air cleaning for improved IAQ
in hospital patient rooms. Bivolarova, Mariya P., et al. 2016, Building and Environment, pp. 10-18.
58. Use of portable air disinfecting system to remove seeded coliphage in hospital rooms.
Verhougstraete, Marc and Reynolds, Kelly. 2016, American Journal of Infection Control, pp. 714-715.
59. Effects of Hospital Ward Curtains on Ventilation in a Four-bed Hospital Ward. Noh, Jung-Hun, et
al. 2018, Aerosol and Air Quality Research, pp. 2643-2653.
60. Efficacy of infoor air purification in treating Artemisia (mugwort) pollen allergic rhinitis: study
protocol for a randomised controlled trial. Chen, Qiao-Yan, et al. 2018, BMC Public Health, pp. 1-7.
61. Indoor/outdoor PM2.5 elemental composition and organic fraction medications, in a Greek
hospital. Loupa, Glykeria, et al. 2016, Science of the Total Environment, pp. 727-735.

AUTHOR
Fen-Fang
Chung,
Hui-Ling
Lin,
Hsueh-Erh
Liu,
Angela
Shin-Yu
Lien,
Hsiu-Feng
Hsiao, Lan-Ti Chou
and Gwo-Hwa Wan
2015

Chang Seok Bang,
Keunwook Lee, Jae
Ho Choi, Jae Seung
Soh, Ji Young Hong,
Gwang Ho Baik and
Dong Joon Kim
2018

TITLE
Aerosol Distribution
During
Open
Suctioning
and
Long-Term
Surveillance of Air
Quality
in
a
Respiratory
Care
Center Within a
Medical Center.

Ambient
air
pollution
in
gastrointestinal
endoscopy
unit;
rationale and design
of a prospective
study.

OBJECTIVES
To assess the air quality in
Respiratory care centers
during open suctioning.

To measure the air quality in
the
gastrointestinal
endoscopy unit.

The main outcome of the
study is to conclude whether
the air quality indicators
exceed safety thresholds
and if there is any
association
between
ambient air pollution and
the type and number of
endoscopic procedures.

METHOD

SAMPLE

In order to assess
the impact of the
open suctioning
procedure the
particulate
matters as well as
bacterial
concentrations
were measured
before, during
and after the
procedures.

Conduction
took
place in a 24-bed
respiratory
care
center in Chang
Gung
Memorial
Hospital in Northern
Taiwan. Indoor air
was sampled once a
week over a period of
one year.

As a result of the findings suggestions were
formed in order to ensure occupational
health and safety of healthcare workers; 1)
periodically inspecting the ventilation
system in respiratory care centers, 2) to
increase environmental disinfections in the
summer and also 3) to arrange continuing
education on proper precautions and also
hand hygiene to decrease bioaerosol
exposure risk in hospital healthcare workers.

Taiwan

A prospective
study using
conventional
portable passive
air quality
monitoring
sensors in the
gastrointestinal
endoscopy unit
by checking 6
main indoor
quality
indicators.

The
documenting
period is from June
2018 to November
2018.

The results from this study will add to
evidence for health-related protective
strategies for both medical practitioner and
patients in the endoscopy unit.

Korea

Air sampling was
performed between
November 2012 and
October 2013.

The indicators will
be checked in the
endoscopic unit at 1min intervals for at
least 1 week and the
number and type of
endoscopic
procedures will be
recorded.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE
For every PM size
fraction 132 samples
were collected in the
school dormitory
and 144 samples
collected in the
retirement home.

The results of this study are indicating that
the concentration of indoor and outdoor
PM10 and PM2.5 in both sites were
sampling took place are higher than WHO
guidelines.

Iran

Air samples from 14
different
and
randomly selected
wards at Gondar
University teaching
hospital.

The results of the study is indicating that
highest bacterial load was 1468 CFU/m3 at
2 PM in ward C and lowest bacterial count
was at 8 AM in a physiotherapy ward with a
bacterial load of 480 CFU/m3.

Ethiopia

Mohammad Sadegh
Hassanvand, Kazem
Naddafi,
Sasan
Faridi,
Ramin
Nabizadeh,
Mohammad Hossein
Sowlat,
Fatemeh
Momeniha, Akbar
Gholampour,
Mohammad
Arhami,
Homa
Kashani,
Ahad
Zare, Sadegh Niazi,
Noushin Rastakari,
Shahrokh Nazmara,
Maryam Ghani and
Masud Yunesian

Characterization of
PAHs and metals in
indoor/outdoor
PM10/PM2.5/PM1
in a retirement home
and
a
school
dormitory.

To evaluate the PAHs
composition of
indoor/outdoor
Pm10/PM2.5/PM1 and to
characterize the metal
content of indoor/outdoor
PM10/PM2.5/PM1 as well
as to determine the
relationships between
indoor and outdoor PAHs
and metals in
PM10/PM2.5/PM1 in a
retirement home and school
dormitory in Teheran.

Sampling twice a
month
for
twenty-four
hours.

Zemichael Gizaw,
Mulat Gebrehiwot
and
Chalachew
Yenew.

High bacterial load
of indoor air in
hospital wards: the
case of University of
Gondar
teaching
hospital, Northwest
Ethiopia.

To
inspect
the
bacteriological
concentration
and
to
analyze specific species of
bacteria in the indoor air of
Gondar University teaching
hospital.

A cross-sectional
study was
undertaken.

2015

2016

Sampling took
place May 2012
to May 2013.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Based on the results of health risk
assessment it showed that the average BaPTEQ levels exceeded the maximum
permissible risk level of 1ng/m3 both
indoors and outdoors.

When comparing with other indoor air
biological standards it shows that, there is a
higher load of indoor air bacteria in Gondar
University teaching hospital.

Recommendation to pay attention in order to
control environmental factors as well as
ventilation and cleaning.

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

Estelle
Baurés,
Olivier Blanchard,
Fabien
Mercier,
Emilie
Surget,
Pierre le Cann,
Alexandre Rivier,
Jean-Pierre
Gangneux
and
Arnaud Florentin

Indoor air quality in
two
French
hospitals:
Measurement
of
chemical
and
microbiological
contaminants.

To assess the chemical and
microbiological
concentrations of indoor air
in two French hospitals.

Glykeria
Loupa,
Aikaterini-Maria
Zarogianni, Dimitra
Karali,
Ionannis
Kosmadakis
and
Spyridon
Rapsomanikis

Indoor/outdoor
PM2.5
elemental
composition
and
organic
fraction
medications, in a
Greek hospital.

To find out whether
complaints from staff were
grounded in real
environmental problems,
generated by exalted
concentrations of indoor air
pollutants due to different
indicators.

SAMPLE

Conduction
of
study in four
facilities or the
Brabois
Hospitals.

Study
was
undertaken in June
2014 and in February
2015.

Findings indicate low pollution in the two
most recent hospital buildings in comparison
to the indoor environment linked to both
ventilation and central air conditioning.

Air samples were
conducted from
seven sites in each
hospital.

In future, the use of spatial and temporal
results will allow precise links to be
established between chemical pollutant
concentrations, healthcare activities and
uses, microbial contaminant levels and
building materials, environment and
ventilation.

Sampling took place
between 30.6.201114.7.2011.

Findings are indicating that the chemical
composition of the airborne particles found
in the air poses a health risk for health
personnel that breathes the components on a
daily basis for several hours.

Active air
sampling during
the campaigns in
June -14 and
February -15.

2018

2016

METHOD

In the general
hospital of
Kavala, Greece,
the indoor
environmental
parameters were
monitored, by
using both
sampling and
inline measuring
instruments.

Two locations in the
hospital were
measured.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
France

Greece

AUTHOR
Xueqing Wang, Min
Song, Min Guo,
Chenchen
Chi,
Feifei
Mo
and
Xueyou Shen
2015

Ana Mendes, Ana
Luísa
Papoila,
Pedro
CarreiroMartins,
Stefano
Bonassi,
Iolanda
Caires,
Teresa
Palmeiro,
Lívia
Aguiar,
Cristina
Pereira,
Paula
Neves,
Diana
Mendes,
Maria
Amália
Silveira
Botelho,
Nuno
Neuparth and Joao
Paulo Teixeira
2016

TITLE
Pollution levels and
characteristics
of
phthalate esters in
indoor
air
in
hospitals.

The impact of indoor
air
quality
and
contaminants
on
respiratory health of
older people living in
long-term
care
residences in Porto.

OBJECTIVES
To use repeated sampling
and provide first
documentation of the
characteristics and
concentration of the
distribution PAEs in
different hospitals.

To assess the influence of
indoor air quality and
pollutants on older people’s
respiratory health.

METHOD
Repeated
sampling, indoor
air samples were
collected daily
from various
indoor sites
within five
hospitals.

Cross
study.

sectional

A Portuguese
version of BOLD
questionnaire to
older residents
that were able to
participate.

SAMPLE
Sampling sites were
two first-grade thirdclass hospitals and
two
first-grade
second
-class
hospitals as well as a
community
health
service
center
providing primary
care.
Sampling period the
fall 2012 to spring
2013.
21 long-term care
residences in the city
of Porto, Portugal,
participated. And a
total of 143 older
residents participated
and answered the
questionnaires.

RESULTS
Findings show that PAE pollution was everpresent and with a high concentration in
indoor air in hospitals.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
China

Findings also showed that the PAE
concentrations varied broadly between the
different hospital departments analyzed.
Lastly, the PAE pollution of hospitals were
more serious than that of recently decorated
homes.

Findings show that there are high levels of
PM10, and they were associated with 3-fold
odds of allergic rhinitis.
Eventually no association was found
between indoor air chemical and biological
contaminants and respiratory symptoms.

Portugal
Italy

AUTHOR

TITLE

Monika
Smielowska,
Mariusz Maré and
Bozena Zabiegala

Indoor air quality in
public
utility
environments – a
review.

ME Osman, HY
Ibrahim, FA Yousef,
AA Abo Elnasr, Y
Saeef and AA Abdel
Hameed

A
study
on
microbiological
contamination on air
quality in hospitals
in Egypt.

2017

2018

OBJECTIVES
To present information
retrieved from the literature
review, regarding the
quality of indoor air in
several types of public
utility buildings.

To
assess
airborne
environmental
bacteria,
mesophilic bacteria as well
as
fungi
at
both
governmental and private
hospitals, and to also
evaluate sink drain biofilms
and dust accumulated on air
conditioning filters and
floor surfaces, in order to be
able to conclude whether
they constitute a potential
source of airborne microbial
biodiversity.

METHOD

SAMPLE

Literature review

-

Sample
collection from
three different
departments plus
from outdoor.

Air samples were
sampled twice a
month, between
January and
December 2013.

RESULTS
Findings indicate that regardless of region
or place where research is conducted the
problem with the occurrence of elevated
concentrations of chemical compounds in
indoor air is still valid and remains
unsolved in many regions.

The results indicated that the air quality
changed depending on hospital and also
department inside hospital, variations in
human activity, ventilation type, hygienic
precaution and external environment. The
different factors can affect individually or
collectively microbial survivability.
The impact of environmental factors on
microbial survivability may be complicated
and might need more research in future.
However, airborne microorganisms in
hospitals could potentially place occupants
as well as visitors at risk even with lower
microbial concentrations. Effort should be
taken to minimize biocontamination and to
also prevent transmission inside hospitals of
microbial agents.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
Poland

Egypt

AUTHOR
Eray Yurtseven, M.
Sarper
Erdogan,
Tümer Ulus, Ilki
Alver Sahin, Burcu
Onat,
Ethem
Erginöz,
Suphi
Vehid and Selçuk
Köksal

TITLE
An assessment of
indoor
PM2.5
concentrations at a
medical faculty in
Istanbul, Turkey.

OBJECTIVES
To present the PM2.5
levels in a faculty hospital
in Turkey and to raise
awareness to the public
society about the risk posed
by fine particles.

2012

Livia Aquiar, Ana
Mendes, Christiana
Pereira, Paula
Neves, Diana
Mendes and João
Paolo Teixeira
2014

Biological
Air
Contamination
in
Elderly
Care
Centers:
GERIA
Project.

To investigate the
significance of indoor
biological agent sin 22
elderly care centers located
in Porto, Portugal.

METHOD

SAMPLE

A descriptive
study presenting
only PM2.5
levels in
Cerrahpasa
Medical Faculty
and is not
including any
analytical
component about
where does the
PM2.5 levels
emanate from.

Indoor PM2.5 have
been
measured
during a period of
September
and
December 2007 and
was measured for a
period of 8h.

Air sampling
using a
microbiological
air sampler
(Merck MAS100) and by also
using tryptic soy
agar for bacteria
and malt extract
agar for fungi.

The study was
carried out during
summer and winter
from November
2011 to August 2013
at a total of 141
different areas

Evaluation in three
buildings of
Cerrahpasa Medical
Faculty, at 26
different places.

RESULTS
Findings show that indoor PM2.5 levels
were undoubtedly higher than PM2.5
standards of 25 and 35 microgram per cubic
meters as recommended by both USEPA and
WHO.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
Turkey

Also, it is recommended for further research
to increase knowledge on predictors of PM
concentration, to assess the toxic potentials
of indoor particles and to develop and test
strategies how to guarantee enhanced indoor
air quality in hospitals and connected
buildings.
Findings indicate that the majority of the
elderly care centers presented a infiltrations
and condensations along both roofs and
walls inside the buildings. In order to
improve IAQ regarding the biological
agents, the control of residential homes are
crucial in eliminating all mold and dampness
present in roofs, walls and surfaces.
Ventilation
systems
demands
good
maintenance in order to function optimally.,
otherwise it could even serve a as source of
various microorganisms that could harm
health. To open windows when rooms are
empty are considered as another both cheap
and effective way to improve IAQ by
removing the biological agents from its
composition.

Portugal

AUTHOR
Hong-Wen
Chen,
Chun-Yu Chuang
2009

Hua Qian, Yuguo
Li, Peter V. Nielsen
and
Carl
E.
Hyldgaard
2008

TITLE
Indoor
Air
Distribution
of
Nitrogen
Dioxide
and Ozone in Urban
Hospitals.

Dispersion
of
exhalation pollutants
in a two-bed hospital
ward
with
a
downward
ventilation system.

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

To define the indoor
concentrations of selected
air pollutants at two
hospitals
in
Hsinchu,
Taiwan. Also, to assess the
potential indoor sources of
pollutants in the selected
hospitals
and
their
indoor/outdoor
relationships
and
to
compare
the
pollutant
concentrations with values
published in other studies.

Air sampling in
two
different
hospitals
in
Hsinchu
City,
Taiwan.

Time of sampling
was 1 month, in
November 2006.

To assess the dispersion of
exhalation pollutants as
well as exposure of
receiving patients and the
efficiency of downward
ventilation in a general
ward.

Experimental
setup, to simulate
a two-bed
hospital ward.

Sampling took
place in the
waiting areas of
the two hospitals.

-

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

The results show that even though the air
quality of the two hospitals was varying as a
result of factors as outdoor pollution and
ventilation rate, it showed that both O3 and
NO2 eves were within the limits set by
standard regulations.

Taiwan

Findings indicate that it is impossible for a
downward ventilation system to produce
downward “unidirectional” airflow pattern
at 4 air changes per hour, as expected and
recommended by Center for Disease
Control.

China
Denmark

The findings provide local data to aid in
revising the indoor air quality regulations
issued by the relative agencies. In future it
would be advised to do a prolonged data
collection to be able to collect more adequate
data in order to evaluate indoor air quality
and the health risks in hospitals.

An exhaust at the bottom of the room seems
to be more effective in removing bigger
particles, also as big particles tend to settle
on the floor.

A recommendation or further studies would
be a study on the effects of the positions of
supply diffusers and exhaust outlets in a
downward ventilation system to find a
suitable air distribution system for
diminishing the risk of cross-infection for
airborne transmissible diseases in a general
hospital ward.

AUTHOR
M. Almeida-Silva,
H.T.
Wolterbeek
and S.M. Almeida

TITLE
Elderly exposure to
indoor air pollutants.

2013

Edris Hoseinzadeh,
Mohammad Reza
Samarghandie,
Sayed
Amir
Ghiasian,
Mahammad Yousef
Alikhani
and
Ghodratollah
Roshanaie
2013

Evaluation
of
Bioaerosols in Five
Educational
Hospitals Wards in
Hamedan, During
2011-2012.

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

To identify the indoor air
quality in elderly care
centers (ECC) in order to
be able to evaluate the
elders’ daily exposure to air
pollutants

1st a low-cost and
time
saving
questionnaire
was distributed.

Ten ECCs
accommodating 384
elderly were chosen
in Loures and
Lisbon.

The findings from this study indicates that
elders living in ECCs spend more than 95%
indoors and the number is higher in ECCs
with more bedridden clients.

Portugal

To explore the quantity and
quality of bioaerosols in
hospital ward’s air in order
to be able to establish a
reference for further studies
or measures.

A cross sectional
research.

30 wards in five
different educational
hospitals
of
Hamadan city were
studied.

Findings
indicate
that
quantitative
bioaerosols concentration in the air some of
the hospitals was more than the
recommended amount.

Iran

2nd a
measurement of
physical as well
as chemical
parameters were
continuously
carried out.

Collection of air
samples.

SPSS software
used for data
management.
ANOVA and ttest
statistical
analyses
were
also applied.

More than 180 air
samples were
collected.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
The
Netherlands

The findings showed that the concentrations
of VOCt, CO2 and O3 as well as PM10
outpaced the limit values predominantly as
a result of poor ventilation in study sites.

The hospitals most surveyed had no air
treatment systems and in order to reduce
bioaerosol concentration. Therefore, it is
recommended that standard ventilation
systems should be designed and utilized.

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Xinhua
Wang,
Xinhui Bi, Guoying
Sheng and Jiamo Fu

Hospital
indoor
PM10/PM2.5
and
associated
trace
elements
in
Guangzhou, China.

To describe the indoor
respirable particulates (RP)
concentrations and
associated trace elements
(TEs) in hospitals and to
investigate the potential
indoor and outdoor sources.

Air sampling of
indoor and
outdoor air by
using Airmetrics
mini-vol portable
samplers with a
PM2.5 and a
PM10 cyclone.

Four hospitals
included such as
urban, rural, children
and specialist
hospital in
Guangzhou China
during. Between the
2nd of August to 10th
of September 2004.

Findings indicated that indoor PM2.5 levels
were unquestionably higher than PM2.5
standard which is recommended by
UESPA. The fine particulate pollution was
significant in the investigated hospitals.
There was also high correlation between
PM2.5 and PM10 that showed they came
from related PM emission sources. Also,
the average indoor concentration elements
were lower than the ones measured on the
outside, which suggests that the indoor
elements originated from the outdoor
emission sources.

China

Ana
Mendes,
Stefano
Bonassi,
Lívia
Aguiar,
Cristiana Pereira,
Paula
Nevers,
Susana Silva, Diana
Mendes,
Luís
Guimarães, Rossana
Moroni and João
Paulo Teixeira

Indoor air quality
and thermal comfort
in
elderly
care
centers.

To assess the indoor air
quality and thermal comfort
in a representative sample
of elderly care centers in
Porto as compared with
national and international
standards. Also, to study the
variability among different
spaces within single elderly
care centers and lastly to
assess
how
buildings
characteristics may affect
the extent of indoor air
pollution
or
thermal
regulation.

Air sampling and
TVOC samples.

22
elderly
care
centers
located
within
Porto;
Portugal participated
in the study.

The findings from the study indicates that
the indoor air quality in the elderly care
centers of the Porto area is acceptable and
there is no need for immediate intervention.
Rather consideration is needed in order to
peak concentrations and fungi species that
might compromise the indoor air quality
comfort.

Portugal

2006

2015

Data were collected
twice during two
seasons (winter and
summer). Between
November 2011 to
August 2013.

AUTHOR

TITLE

Sasan
Faridi,
Mohammad Sadegh
Hassanvand, Kazem
Naddafi,
Masud
Yunesian,
Ramin
Nabizadeh,
Mohammad Hossein
Sowlat,
Homa
Kashani,
Akbar
Gholampour,
Sadegh Niazi, Ahad
Zare,
Shahrokh
Nazmara, Mahmood
Alimohammadi

Indoor/outdoor
relationships
of
bioaerosol
concentrations in a
retirement home and
a school dormitory.

Suchitra
Sudharsanam,
Padma
Srikanth,
Merline Sheela and
Ralf Steinberg

Study of the Indoor
Air
Quality
in
Hospitals in South
Chennai, India –
Microbial Profile.

2015

2008

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

To assess the concentration
of indoor and outdoor
bioaerosols in a retirement
home as well as in a school
dormitory. To recognize the
dominant fungal and
bacterial spores’ genera
both indoors and outdoors.
Also, to assess the hourly
variations of indoor and
outdoor bioaerosols and
lastly to also compare both
active and passive sampling
methods.

Two active and
one passive
method were
used for
bioaerosol
sampling.

To collect samples of indoor
air in three different
hospitals in Chennai for
bioaerosols to generate
baseline data using a
passive method of sampling
and to identify and isolate
potentially
pathogenic
organisms prevalent in the
hospital environment.

Collection of
indoor air
samples.

SAMPLE
The concentrations
of fungal and
bacterial bioaerosols
were measured in a
school dormitory
and a retirement
home. From May
2012 to May 2013.

RESULTS
The study signifies that the bioaerosols
presented are an integral part of human life
as a part of the biosphere.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
Iran

Further on did the study indicate that the
concentration of indoor bioaerosols were
higher in the retirement home compared to
the school dormitory, which could be due to
the inability of the elderly to maintain own
personal health. Also, the number of
residents and the type of activity had a big
impact on the concentration of the indoor
aerosols.
Another interesting fact was that the
concentrations of indoor bioaerosols
showed influences both from indoor and
outdoor sources.

A 3-month pilot
study between
February and April
2006 in three
different hospitals.

The results indicate that passive method for
sampling is suitable when one wants to
estimate the concentrations of bioaerosols
particularly in healthcare settings where the
concentrations may vary between wards.
Both the operation theatre and the intensive
care unit had lower bacterial counts
compared to other wards that had higher
concentrations. In the other wards it was
especially found pathogens capable of
causing nosocomial infections. The use of
settle plates as sampling has shown to assist
in the monitoring of indoor air quality in
hospitals, in particular the ones with fewer
technical facilities as the method do not
require any specialist equipment.

India

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

Vincent Bessonneau,
Luc
Mosqueron,
Adéle Berrubé, Gaël
Mukensturm, Sylvie
Buffet-Bataillon,
Jean-Pierre
Gangneux
and
Olivier Thomas

VOC Contamination
in Hospital, from
Stationary Sampling
of a Large Panel of
Compounds, in View
of
Healthcare
Workers
and
Patients Exposure
Assessment.

To evaluate the nature of
the indoor air
contamination of hospitals.

K. W. Mui, L. T.
Wong, K. N. K. Fong
and W. W. Y. Wong

Evaluation of indoor
environment quality
of elderly centers of
Hong Kong.

To carry out an indoor
environmental assessment
to explore the acceptable
indoor environment quality
(IEQ) of elderly centers in
Hong Kong.

2013

2008

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Measurement of
more than 40
volatile organic
compounds
(VOC) took
place in a
teaching French
hospital.

Six sampling sites,
in a teaching
hospital in France.
For three days
following both
morning and
afternoon.

The results showed that for all of the
compounds the measure concentrations were
lower than concentrations that are known to
be harmful for humans. Also, sampling
locations indoor air were containing a
complex mixture of VOCs.

France

IEQ
measurements
consisted of
interview surveys
as well as
physical
measurements.

From 19 elderly
centers of Hong
Kong a total of 440
occupants were
interviewed.

The findings indicate that the four elements
measured, carbon dioxide concentration,
operative temperature, illumination level
and equivalent noise level had an important
effect on the acceptance of overall IEQ.

Hong Kong

A recommendation of further multicenter
studies has been made, for them to compare
results. Moreover, to have a full
understanding of the exposure of patients
and healthcare workers to complex mixtures
of chemical compounds can be then be
linked to likely health outcomes.

Also, apart from a small number (<1%) all
occupants were satisfied with the IEQ. The
environmental conditions could be applied
as a reference in planning an acceptable
environmental setup of an elderly center.

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

C.
Beggs,
L.D.
Knibbs,
G.R.
Johnson and L.
Morawska.

Environmental
contamination and
hospital-acquired
infection:
factors
that
are
easily
overlooked.

To highlight neglected
infection control issues
related to building design
and facilities management.

Study review

-

Amreen Shajahan,
Charles H. Culp,
Brandon
Williamson.

Effects of indoor
environmental
parameters related
to building, heating,
ventilation, and air
conditioning systems
of patients’ medical
outcomes: A review
of scientific research
on hospital
buildings.

The objective of this
literature review was to
find out how indoor
environmental parameters
that are related to
mechanical ventilation
systems in the hospital
affects the patients.

A
multidisciplinary
review was
concuted.

176 papers where
included in the
literature review.

Indoor Air Bacterial
Load Isolate and
Antimicrobial
Susceptibility
Patterns at Hawassa
University
Comprehensive
Specialized Hospital
Wards.

To resolve the bacterial
indoor air concentrations as
well as to identify the
bacterial isolates and to
also determine the
antibiotic resistance
patterns that are present in
indoor air in hospitals
wards at Hawassa
University comprehensive
specialized Hospital.

A cross-sectional
study.

2015

2018

Mengistu
Hailemariam
Zenebe, Mesfin
Worku, Mulubrhan
Ali, Tsegaye
Alemayehu,
Elshadie Azerefegne
2018

RESULTS
It is a surprise that there is a neglect
concerning the issue of ventilation.
However, there is a possibility that if
applicable strategies identified, that move
the hospital microbe closer to that found in
the outdoor environment. Then it could be
possible to create an ecosystem which
reduces the risk of patients getting a HAI.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
Australia

One of the results of this review pointed out
that ventilation rates, ventilation strategies,
differential pressure control as well as air
filtration can contribute to the spread of
airborne infectious disease in hospitals.
Even thought that the results also indicate
that higher ventilation rates might reduce
the infection rate in several situations.

USA

The data of the investigation indicates that
the highest indoor bacterial count was
observed at a general medical ward and the
least bacterial count was observed at the
neonatal intensive care unit. The study
further revealed that most of the isolates
were resistant for the tested antibiotics.

Ethiopia

Temperature, indoor air ventilation systems
and humidity in hospitals affect several
infectious organisms, which then in turn
can affect patient outcomes.
6 wards at Hawassa
comprehensive
specialized hospital
were investigated.
Sample collection
were conducted
twice a day with an
interval of 14 days.

Recommendations are that hospitals should
have enhanced practice of good sanitation
protocol and infection control measures.

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Mahmoud
Mohammadyan,
Sepideh Keyvani,
Ali Bahrami, Kaan
Yetilmezsoy,
Behzad Heibati,
Krystal J. Godri
Pollitt.

Assessment of
indoor air pollution
exposure in urban
hospital
microenvironments

To assess the outdoor and
indoor PM mass
concentrations and to also
evaluate the O/I ratio of
PM mass concentrations at
two large hospitals in the
city of Kashan, Iran.

The study was
carried out at two
hospitals in
Kashan, Iran.

Samples were
collected at two
hospitals.

The results indicated that the indoor PM
concentrations were lower than the outdoor
PM levels. Temporal and seasonal
variations of particles in the ward also
needs to be taken into consideration in
future investigations, including the
influence of background activities as well
as meteorological factors on the variation of
indoor dust.

Iran
Turkey
USA

AP Pawar, Vividha
Dhapte, Vijay
Kalrao, Isha Godha,
John Jacob and
Asawari Raut

Profiling of
Microbial
Contamination in
Internal Atmosphere
of Hospital Ward

To assess the air
contamination in different
wards of a hospital in order
to find the relationship
between air contamination
and risk of developing
infections through
microbiological testing.

Microbiological
sampling in
indoor
environments of
the pediatric
ward, labor
room, maternity
ward, pediatric
intensive care
unit and neonatal
intensive care
unit of Bharati
Hospital, Pune.

Settle plate method
was used when
sampling in 5
different wards.

The microbiological air contamination
testing showed that the labor room was the
most contaminated ward of the five wards
tested. This could be due to poor ventilation
and improper sanitization. Improvement of
these are recommended in order to promote
the safety of mother and the newborns and
to prevent nosocomial infections.

India

2019

2018

For outdoor &
indoor
measurements a
GRIMM dust
monitor was used
in otder to
measure PM 1.0,
PM2.5 and PM10
concentrations.

Sampling took place
twice a day for 31
days.

AUTHOR
Ana Fonseca, Isabel
Abreu, Maria João
Guerreiro,
Christina Abreu,
Ricardo Silva, and
Nelson Barros
2018

TITLE
Indoor Air Quality
and Sustainability
Management – Case
Study in Three
Portuguese
Healthcare Units

OBJECTIVES
To identify improvement
opportunities on IAQ
management by collecting
and analyzing experimental
data of selected parameters
in three healthcare units in
Portugal.

METHOD
Sampling of
indoor and
outdoor air
following the
technical
recommendations
of the ISO 16000
series.

SAMPLE
Three healthcare
units were used for
sampling IAQ
qualities.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

The results of the study indicate that the
natural ventilation is not enough when the
activity of users is high but is acceptable
when the activity level is low. Further a low
indoor air humidity has a significant impact
on reducing fungi concentration and there is
also a significant correlation between
indoor air CO2 concentration and bacterial
loads.

Portugal

The review gives an oversight of several
factors regarding indoor air pollution and
management strategies and design. There is
a lack of studies bringing up more
information of several pollutants. There are
also factors that needs to overcome
criticism related to design of healing
environments and interdisciplinary
knowledge has to be considered.

Italy

Natural ventilation should be considered as
a complement when considering sustainable
improvements for indoor air quality.

Marco Gola,
Gaetano Settimo
and Stefano
Capolongo
2019

Indoor Air Quality
in Inpatient
Environments: A
Systematic Review
on Factors that
Influence Chemical
Pollution in
Inpatient Wards.

A review of the knowledge
and art related to chemical
pollution in healing spaces
and the emerging strategies
supported by scientific
data.

A systematic
review

96 articles were
included in the
study.

AUTHOR
S Maio, G Sarno, S
Baldacci, I AnnesiMaesano and G
Viegi
2015

Malek
Bentayeb,
Dan
Norback,
Micha
Bednarek,
Alfred
Bernard,
Guichong Cai, Sonia
Cerrai,
Konstantinos Kostas
Eleftheriou,
Christina Gratziou,
Gitte Juel Holst,
Francois
Lavaud,
Jacek Nasilowski,
Piersante
Sestini,
Giuseppe
Sarno,
Torben Sigsgaard,
Gunilla Wieslander,
Jan
Zielinski,
Giovanni
Viegi,
Isabella
AnnesiMaesano
2015

TITLE
Air quality of nursing
homes and its effect
on the lung health of
elderly residents.

Indoor air quality,
ventilation
and
respiratory health in
elderly
residents
living in nursing
homes in Europe.

OBJECTIVES
To critically analyze the
recent literature concerning
this important issue.

For the GERIE study it was
to fill the gaps in
knowledge that exists in the
field health effects of
indoor air quality in the
elderly.

METHOD
Critical analysis
of literature.

Exploration of
the relationships
of common
indoor air
pollutants as well
as comfort
parameters to
respiratory
symptoms and
diseases among
the elderly
permanently
living in nursing
homes.

SAMPLE
Recent literature
concerning elderly
and indoor air
pollution.

A total of 8 nursing
homes in respective
country
were
selected
to
participate.
Seven
countries were part
of the study.

Collection time as
followed: Between
February and March
2009 in Sweden;
June 2009 in Poland;
December 2009 in
Greece;
between
May and July 2010 in
France,
February
2011
in
Italy,
September 2011 in
Denmark
and
October 2011 in
Belgium.

RESULTS
The elderly is at risk of respiratory health
impairment, especially if they are above 80
years old and live in poorly ventilated
nursing homes.
In future research it should be investigated
about the underlying physiological and
biological mechanisms as an addition to
unfavorable health effects of potential
indoor risk factors. To be able to define
effective strategies for healthy ageing.
The findings indicate that there is an
independent effect on various indoor air
pollutants as well as comfort parameters on
respiratory morbidity among the elderly who
lives in nursing homes.
The effects were greater among the people
aged >80 years and in case of poor
ventilation.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
France
Italy

France
Sweden
Poland
Belgium
Italy
Greece
Denmark

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE
A total of 53 nursing
homes took part in
the project.

Pedro
CarreiroMartins,
Joana
Gomes-Belo,
Ana
Luísa
Papoila,
Iolanda
Caires,
Teresa
Palmeiro,
Joao
GasparMarques,
Paula
Leiria-Pinto,
Ana
Sofia Mendes, Joao
Paulo-Teixeira,
Maria
Amália
Botelho and Nuno
Neuparth

Chronic respiratory
diseases and quality
of life in elderly
nursing
home
residents.

To examine the association
between elderly quality of
life and the reported
respiratory diseases.

The
GERIA
Project, Phase 1.

Presenting results from
Phase 1.

Questionnaire.

Claudia L Gray

Review article:
Global health
threats in 2019: how
will they affect our
patients with
allergies and
asthma?

To bring up the greatest
global threats of 2019 that
affect patients with
allergies and asthma.

Review article.

2016
2019

A questionnaire was
conducted with
residents older than
65 from September
2012 to April 2013.

-

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

The findings indicate that the presence of
respiratory morbidities seems to be crucial
regarding the risk factors for low quality of
life among the elderly.

Portugal

The top five global health threats listed that
will be face worldwide in the next few
years have a direct effect on patients
suffering from allergies and asthma.
Healthcare staff need to be aware of these
threats and the disease burden it could result
in for their patients.

South
Africa

Therefore, a better control of the respiratory
health conditions might improve the quality
of life among the nursing home residents.

AUTHOR
Fatemeh
Ghanizadeh
Hatam Godini

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

2018

A review of the
chemical
and
biological pollutants
in indoor air in
hospitals
and
assessing effects on
the
health
of
patients, staff and
visitors.

To acknowledge the role of
hospitals in advocating a
community’s health and the
specific sensitivities and
studies conducted on
biological and chemical
pollutants in such places
were evaluated separately.

Megan L. Casey,
Brie Hawley, Nicole
Edwards, Jean M.
Cox-Ganser
and
Kristin
J.
Cummings

Health problems and
disinfectant product
exposure among staff
at
a
large
multispecialty
hospital.

To conclude if a
disinfectant product posed
a health hazard.

Rahmat
Veysi,
Behzad
Heibati,
Mehdi
Jahangiri,
Prashant
Kumar,
Mohd Talib Latif
and Ali Karimi

Indoor air qualityinduced respiratory
symptoms
of
a
hospital staff in Iran.

To assess the factors
affecting indoor air quality
and their effect on the
respiratory health of staff
members in a busy Iranian
hospital.

and

2017

2019

METHOD

SAMPLE

Literature search
from the
databases
Pubmed,
Medline,
ScienceDirect,
Web of Sciences
and Google
Scholar was
conducted for
articles published
until June 2017.

A number of 117
articles were selected
for the review.

Air samples for
hydrogen
peroxide, acetic
acid and
peracetic acid.

49 air samples.

Interviewadministered
questionnaire.

A cross-sectional
study in a large
teaching hospital.

Reference lists of
reviewed articles
were also checked
for additional
references.

Questionnaire
completed by 163
current staff.

Surveys were
answered by 226
hospital staff
members in a busy
Iranian hospital.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Studies shows that e.g. medicines used in
emergency room creates airborne particles
that staff inhale daily for long periods of time
exposing the for long-term health hazards.

Iran

They concluded that this disinfectant
product was associated with mucous
membrane as well as respiratory health
effects.

USA

The findings indicate that the mean
concentration of particulate matter, volatile
organic compounds and bio-aerosols are
higher in hospitals compared to offices.
Further most of the complaints among
hospital staff were concerning coughing and
shortness of breath.

Iran

Also, biological pollutants found in the air
can intensify the health hazards of staff but
also violate the process of recovery from
respiratory, digestive, infectious as well as
neuropathic problems.

There is a need for identification of optimal
protocols that would reduce worker
exposure while still maintaining patient
safety.

Recommendation is to design and
implement improved ventilation systems.

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

A. A. Arif, G. L.
Delclos, C. Serra

Occupational
exposures
and
asthma
among
nursing
professionals.

To identify occupational
risk factors related to newonset asthma in nurses.

A cross-sectional
survey.

A total of 3634
people answered the
survey, consisting of
respiratory
therapists,
physicians,
occupational
therapists and nurses.

Findings indicated that exposure to cleaning
products and disinfectants at the workplace
increased the risk of new-onset asthma
among nurses.

USA

George L. Delclos,
David
Gimeno,
Ahmed A. Arif,
Keith D. Burau,
Arch
Carson,
Christine
Lusk,
Thomas
Stock,
Elaine
Symanski,
Lawrence
W.
Whitehead,
JanPaul
Zock,
Fernando
G.
Benavides and Josep
M. Antó

Occupational Risk
Factors and Asthma
among Health Care
Professionals.

To assess associations of
asthma prevalence with
occupational exposures
through a cross-sectional
survey of health care
professionals.

Cross-sectional
survey to all
Texas physicians,
respiratory
therapists, nurses
as well as
occupational
therapists with a
license to
practice in 2003
(N= 5600).

The total population
sample was 3650.

The findings indicate that the additions of
occupational exposures to asthma in health
care is inconsequential, therefore both
further study and implementation of
appropriate controls are needed.

USA

2008

2007

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Ulla-Maija
Hellgren,
Eero
Palomäki, Marjaana
Lahtinen,
Henri
Riuttala and Kari
Reijula

Complaints
and
symptoms
among
hospital staff in
relation to indoor air
and the condition
and need for repairs
in hospital buildings.

To conclude whether the
Indoor Air Questionnaire of
the Finnish Institute of
Occupational Health
functions in hospital
environment as well as
whether the questionnaire
can be used to conclude
mold and moisture damage.

The Indoor Air
Questionnaire of
the Finnish
Institute of
Occupational
Health, modified
for hospital
environments,
were sent to the
employees of 10
selected
hospitals.

5598 questionnaires
were sent out and
altogether 3811
answered it.

The study indicates that the Indoor Air
Questionnaire seem to function well also in
a hospital environment. It also came to the
conclusion that based on the questionnaire
one could get an understanding of the
immediate repairs needed for moisture and
mold damage.

Finland

Ulla-Maija Hellgren
and Kari Reijula

Indoor-air-related
complaints
and
symptoms
among
hospital workers.

To evaluate the perceived
indoor air quality as well as
work-related symptoms
among hospital employees
in a national survey.

A questionnairesurvey based on
the Indoor Air
Questionnaire
(MM-40) by the
Finnish Institute
of Occupational
Health.

From 10 different
hospitals a total of
5598 employees
participated in the
survey.

The results showed that complaints linked to
noise, draft, dry and stuffy air as well as
unpleasant odors were more frequent in
hospitals rather than offices. Moreover,
irritations of hands, the nose and eyes and
fatigue were also experienced more in
hospitals compared to offices.

Finland

2008

2006

AUTHOR
AnneMarie
Eijkelenboom &
Philomena M.
Bluyssen
2019

Seda Cangöl Sögüt
2018

TITLE
Comfort and health
of patients and staff,
related to the
physical
environment of
different
departments in
hospitals: a
literature review

Health of healthcare
professionals.

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

A literature review was
conducted in order to find
possible differences in
indicators found

Literature review

The search was
undertaken from
June 2017 to May
2018. 79 articles
were included.

According to the literature review there
seems like the comfort and health of staff
and patients vary between the different
hospital departments. Also, staff were less
satisfied than patients with thermal, spatial
layout, air, acoustical and visual quality.

The
Netherlands

To provide an insight for
bureaucrats and managers
in the health care field by
developing solution
proposals for the problem.

-

-

The importance of protection and
improvement of the physical and mental
well-being of healthcare professionals are
brought up.

United
Kingdom

Ventilation systems should be installed in
order to protect against infections from
airborne contaminants. As well as other
measures need to be provided to prevent
workplace related accidents/injuries.

If no preventive measures are undertaken it
will not be possible for healthcare
professionals, who put their own health and
safety at risk, to provide a qualitative and
effective health care service.

AUTHOR
Sare Jafakesh, Leila
Mirhadian, Afsaneh
Pasha, Zahra
Atrkar Roshan,
Mohammad Javad
Gol Hosseini
2018

TITLE
Sick Building
Syndrome in Nurses
of Intensive Care
Units and its
Associated Factors.

OBJECTIVES
To examine the sick
building syndrome and its
related factors in nurses
working in special care
units of the hospital.

METHOD

SAMPLE

A cross-sectional
study.

The investigation
was carried out in
2016, on 144
working nurses of
special care units at
educational and
treatment centers in
Rasht City, Iran.

RESULTS
Out of the nurses participating in the study,
about 47% complained of sick building
syndrome. There was a significant
correlation between SBS and other
variables of air movement, stuffy bad air,
fluctuating room temperature, too much
light, dry air, dust and dirt in the workplace
and also contact with static electricity.
Recommendations are that improvements
should be undertaken when it comes to the
ventilation system quality, workplace
cleanliness, and standard lighting levels in
special care units

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
Iran

AUTHOR
Ulken Tunga
Babaoglu, Fikriye
Milletli Sezgin and
Funda Yag
2019

Jyun-Hong
Shen,
Yeoung-Sheng
Wang,
Jhan-Ping
Lin,
Sheng-Hung
Wu and Jao-Jia
Horng.
2013

TITLE
Sick building
symptoms among
hospital workers
associated with
indoor air quality
and personal
factors.

Improving the indoor
air
quality
of
respiratory type of
medical facility by
zeolite filtering.

OBJECTIVES
The objectives of this study
was to analyze the
microbes, CO, CO2, and
PM concentrations as well
as humidity in air and
temperature in a variety of
hospital departments in
order to examine the
correlation between sick
building syndrome
symptoms of workers and
the Indoor air quality
(IAQ).

To investigate the indoor
air quality conditions of
carbon dioxide, ozone,
carbon monoxide,
formaldehyde, total volatile
organic compounds and
bio-aerosols.

METHOD

SAMPLE

A cross-sectional
type of
epidemiological
research.

Sampling processes
and the data
collection was
carried out in MarchApril 2018. The
sampling was carried
out in the pediatric
disease’s clinic,
emergency service
waiting room, blood
sampling area,
internal medicine
clinic, surgery areas
and intensive care
unit

According to this study the workers at the
hospital are exposed to working conditions
that may increase the risk of experiencing
sick building syndrome symptoms. Factors
that also were correlated with experiencing
SBS symptoms were personal factors such
as age, sex, smoking habits.

Turkey

The diverse indoor
air quality
parameters were
investigated by
monitoring and
sampling at different
sites in the
respiratory care ward
in mornings and
afternoons from
January 19 to 21
2011.

AgZ filtering as a feasible engineering
measure for hospitals in order to control
fungi and bacterial levels in indoor air
quality management can be used.

Taiwan

Experimental
methods.

The survey was
completed by 204
people, and
participants had
worked from 3-10
years at the hospital.

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

AUTHOR
Marc
Verhougstraete and
Kelly Reynolds
2016

TITLE
Use of a portable air
disinfecting system
to remove seeded
coliphage in hospital
rooms.

OBJECTIVES
To quantitate the efficacy
of a portable air
disinfecting system against
viruses in real-time hospital
settings.

METHOD

SAMPLE

Study took place
in
two
unoccupied
hospital rooms.

A total of 212
samples were
collected between 23 dates.

The air was
seeded with 20
mL of coliphage
– for 15 min.
Then a portable
air disinfecting
system was used
and compared to
the
natural
HVAC system.

RESULTS
Results show that in both study sites there
showed no statistically significant
difference in using the natural HVAC
system or the portable air disinfecting
system.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
USA

AUTHOR
Mariya
P.
Bivolarova, Arsen
K.
Melikov,
Chiyomi Mizutani,
Kanji Kajiwara and
Zhecho
D.
Bolashikov
2016

TITLE
Bed-integrated local
exhaust ventilation
system
combined
with
local
air
cleaning
for
improved IAQ in
hospital
patient
rooms.

OBJECTIVES
To assess if it is efficient to
clean the absorbed polluted
air inside the mattress using
the local cleaning and to let
it back in the surrounding
room air. Hence, cleaning of
locally polluted air and
recirculating it will improve
the IAQ and reduce needed
background
ventilation.
Testing
a
ventilated
mattress.

METHOD
Experimental setup, took place in
a stainless steel
climate room,
furnished with a
single-bed to
simulate a patient
room in a
hospital.

SAMPLE
-

RESULTS
The results indicate that using an acidtreated activated carbon fiber (ACF) fabric
as a blanket was an effective way of
decreasing exposure to ammonia gas by
more than 80%. Whilst a combination of
both ACF fabric blanket and ventilated
mattress (VM) was the most effective way of
decreasing exposure as more than 90% of
ammonia gas in the room was removed.
Moreover, results also showed that not even
a relative humidity from 25-70% diminished
the ACF’s removal efficiency. Which is a
promising finding for applications in places
where humidity may vary over a wide rage.
Also, the studied standard of local air
exhaust combined with local cleansing can
have a broader function not only in health
care facilities but also elderly homes,
transportation and hotels.

For further research assessment of the effect
of body posture, human respiratory rate and
bedding arrangement on the exposure
reduction efficiency of the VM could be
carried out. Also, to study the human
reaction to the VM.

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN
Denmark
Japan

AUTHOR

TITLE

OBJECTIVES

METHOD

SAMPLE

RESULTS

COUNTRY
OF ORIGIN

Qia-yan, Li Li, Li
Zhang, Jin-han Mo,
Zi-feng Yang, Xiaolin Wei, Yun-Ying
Li, Ji-yan Xia, Xiaobing Bai and Peifang Xie

Efficacy of indoor
air purification in
treating Artemisia
(mugwort) pollen
allergic rhinitis:
study protocol for a
randomised
controlled trial.

To investigate, by using a
double-blind placebocontrolled protocol the
effects of high-efficiency
particulate air (HEPA)
purifier in reducing the
activity of disease in the
homes of patients suffering
from allergic rhinitis with
sensitivity caused by
Artemisia pollen.

It was a
randomized,
double-blind,
placebocontrolled
clinical trial, that
was testing both
active and
inactive versions
of an air purifier.

60 participants were
participating in this
trial, that were
confirmed to be
sensitive to
Artemisia pollen.
The patients are
between the ages of
18-65 years.

The results have not been published yet, but
the researchers’ hypotheses that using air
purification-treatment can have benefits to
quality of life and clinical value.

China

Jung-Hun Noh,
Jungsuk Lee,
Kwang-Chul Noh,
Young-Won Kim,
Se-Jin Yook.

Effects of Hospital
Ward Curtains on
Ventilation in a
Four-bed Hospital
Ward.

To analyze age of air data
in order to find out the
ventilation efficiency
within hospital wards

A numerical
analysis method
was used.

Case I and Case II
were compared in a
four-bed hospital
ward.

The result from this numerical analysis
method as well as the experiment
recognizes the age of air tendencies
according to various locations within the
simulated ward, and these results therefore
verify the validity of the numerical analysis
method.

Korea

2018

2018

