Running Head: PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS

Using Measures of Memory for Faces to Predict Children’s Performance in Line-Up Tasks

Emily von Julin, 38750
Master’s Thesis in Psychology
Supervisors: Julia Korkman,
Jan Antfolk and Thomas Nyman
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and
Theology
Åbo Akademi, 2020

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI

Subject: Psychology
Author: Emily von Julin
Title: Using Measures of Memory for Faces to predict Children’s Performance in Line-Up
Tasks
Supervisors: Julia Korkman, Jan Antfolk and Thomas Nyman
Abstract: Line-up identifications are central to eye-witness testimony, and when children
are the victims of crimes, they are often also the only eyewitnesses. However, children do
not perform as well as adults in line-up identifications. Currently, little is known about the
possibility to predict how children perform on line-up tasks. In the present study we
examined whether using a measure of children’s encoding of facial features, face
discrimination, and face recognition could help predict their performance in a line-up. The
measure used was the Memory for Faces (MF) subtest included in the NEPSY-II test
battery. We hypothesized that both age and test performance would predict accuracy in
both target absent (TA) and target present (TP) line-ups. Data was collected in
collaboration with a larger eyewitness study, testing the visitors (aged 5–16) of a science
park. A binary logistic regression of the data, with separate models for TA and TP line-ups
was used. Our results showed that MF significantly predicts identification accuracy on TP
line-ups. Neither MF nor age seem to predict correct rejections in TA line-ups. Our results
suggest that predicting the identification performance of a child is possible. Processes other
than face recognition would however also be important to measure in future research.
Keywords: child witnesses, line-up, identification, memory for faces, NEPSY
Date: 21.07.2020
Level: Master’s thesis

Page count: 31

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI

Ämne: Psykologi
Författare: Emily von Julin
Titel: Användning av mått på minne för ansikten för att utreda barns tillförlitlighet i
vittneskonfrontationer
Handledare: Julia Korkman, Jan Antfolk and Thomas Nyman
Abstrakt: Vittneskonfrontationer är centrala i ögonvittnesmål och ofta är det barn som är
vittnen till brott. Barn brukar dock inte prestera lika bra som vuxna då de ska identifiera
någon från en vittneskonfrontation. För närvarande vet man väldigt litet om eventuella
möjligheter att predicera barns prestationer i vittneskonfrontationer. Målet med denna
studie var följaktligen att undersöka om man med hjälp av mått på hur barn kodar in
ansiktsdrag, hur de skiljer mellan ansikten och känner igen dem kunde predicera deras
prestation i vittneskonfrontationen. Som mått användes deltestet Minne för ansikten (MF)
från testbatteriet NEPSY-II. Vår hypotes var att både ålder och testprestation skulle
förutsäga korrekthet både i vittneskonfrontationer med gärningsmannen, eller
målpersonen, närvarade (target present) och frånvarande (target absent). Datat samlades in
i samarbete med en större ögonvittnesstudie och testningarna skedde i en vetenskapspark.
Deltagarna var 5–16 år gamla. En binär logistisk regression användes, med separata
modeller för konfrontationer med målpersonen närvarande och konfrontationer med
målpersonen frånvarande. Våra resultat visar att MF signifikant predicerar korrekthet i
vittneskonfrontationer med målpersonen närvarande. Varken MF eller ålder verkar
predicera korrekt förkastande av konfrontationer med målpersonen frånvarande. Våra
resultat tyder på att det är möjligt att predicera barns prestation i identifieringsuppgifter.
Processer utöver igenkänning av ansikten skulle dock vara viktiga att beakta i framtida
forskning.
Nyckerlord: child witnesses, line-up, identification, memory for faces, NEPSY
Datum: 21.07.2020
Nivå: Pro gradu avhandling

Sidtal: 31

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
Acknowledgements
In Turku, July, 2020
I would like to thank my supervisors Julia Korkman and Jan Antfolk for their continued
support through this rather long process. Thank you for making me feel like I could always
come to you for help. A big thank you to Jan for guiding me through the process of analyzing
our data. Moreover, thank you to Thomas Nyman, for lending me your insights on the
research plan and for letting me take part in your data collection. I would also like to thank
the Heureka Science Centre and their staff for making me feel welcome during the data
collection. Further, I owe all of my research assistants a big thank you for helping me gather
data. A sincere thank you to Isabella Arponen for being invaluable during the data collection
and for keeping me company during the cold winter mornings in the science park. Thank you
to Christa Bäckström for acting as my spell check when Microsoft Word failed me.
Additionally, I am grateful for all the support from my wonderful friends and fellow students,
thank you for keeping my spirits high during this lengthy process. Finally, a very special
thank you to Elias Lassila for your support, encouragement and for what seems like and
endless supply of patience. Thank you for discussing ideas with me, helping me when I felt
stuck and for always cheering me on.

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Abstract ........................................................................................................................................
Swedish abstract...........................................................................................................................
Acknowledgements ......................................................................................................................
Introduction................................................................................................................................ 1
Line-up investigations............................................................................................................ 1
Children as eyewitnesses ....................................................................................................... 2
Explanations for children’s line-up performance .................................................................. 3
Face perception and recognition in eyewitness identifications.............................................. 5
The present study ................................................................................................................... 8
Method ....................................................................................................................................... 9
Participants............................................................................................................................. 9
Ethical considerations ............................................................................................................ 9
Materials ................................................................................................................................ 9
Procedure ............................................................................................................................. 11
Data analysis ........................................................................................................................ 12
Results...................................................................................................................................... 12
Descriptive results................................................................................................................ 12
Discussion ................................................................................................................................ 14
Response time and confidence ............................................................................................. 14
MF, age, and distance .......................................................................................................... 15
General discussion ............................................................................................................... 16
Limitations ........................................................................................................................... 17
Conclusions.......................................................................................................................... 18
Swedish summary .................................................................................................................... 19
References ................................................................................................................................ 23
Appendix.................................................................................................................................. 31

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
1
Using Measures of Memory for Faces to Predict Children’s Performance in Line-Up Tasks

In criminal investigations and courtroom decisions, eyewitness identifications are
often a critical factor. In many verdicts, the decision is based on eyewitness identifications
alone, sometimes even when other evidence at hand contradicts the eyewitnesses’ testimony
(Nash, Hanczakowski & Mazzoni, 2015). In the US, forensic DNA evidence has exonerated
wrongfully convicted individuals in more than 350 cases, including 20 individuals who
served time on death row. In more than 75% of the cases, eyewitness identification errors
were the most important contributing factor to the wrongful conviction (Innocence Project
2019). A review of decisions taken by the Court of Appeal in Eastern Finland shows that,
also in Finland, many judges lack a comprehensive understanding of factors that influence
eyewitness identification (Niskakangas, 2016). The review also reveals that the police do not
always follow the guidelines for best practice when conducting eyewitness identifications.
Thus, it is crucial to develop the identification processes used by the judicial system.
Line-up investigations
The principal method for obtaining identifications from eyewitnesses is using line-ups
(Wells, Memon & Penrod, 2006). In a line-up, a picture of a suspect is placed among pictures
of known innocents who match the description of the culprit (Wells et al., 1998), also known
as foils or fillers. Unlike in experimental studies, in legal investigations it is not known
whether the suspect is the true culprit or not (otherwise, there would be no need for a lineup). Therefore, there is a possibility that an innocent suspect is identified as the culprit. In
experimental studies, researchers know who the true target is and can therefore study
identifications in both target absent (TA) and target present (TP) line-ups (Wells et al., 2006).
A TP line-up contains the target individual amongst the foils, while a TA line-up consists of
only foils. If the eyewitness identifies the culprit in a TP line-up, the identification is
considered accurate. Identifying a foil is considered a false identification, and not identifying
anyone is an incorrect rejection. In TA line-ups, the eyewitness should reject each foil, that is,
declare that the person they saw at the time of the crime is not there. Identifying anyone is
considered an incorrect identification.
When studying factors affecting eyewitness identifications, scholars typically
differentiate between system variables and estimator variables (Wells, 1978). System
variables describe conditions that are in the direct control of the criminal justice system, such
as line-up instructions (Malpass & Devine, 1981) and line-up structure (Lindsay &Wells,

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
2
1985; Wells, Rydell & Seelau, 1993). Estimator variables represent conditions that are out of
the control of the justice system, but the knowledge of which can be used to make estimations
of the accuracy of an eyewitness testimony. One important estimator variable is distance.
Increases in distance between the eyewitness and the target are associated with decreases in
identification accuracy (Lindsay, Semmler, Weber, Brewer, & Lindsay, 2008; Loftus &
Harley, 2005; Nyman, Lampinen, Antfolk, Korkman & Santtila, 2019). Other noteworthy
factors associated with the accuracy of identifications are confidence, with higher confidence
being a predictor of higher identification accuracy in adults (Sporer, Penrod, Read, & Cutler,
1995; Weber & Brewer, 2006; Sauerland & Sporer, 2009; Lindsay et al., 2013, Wixted &
Wells, 2017), and response time, where quicker responses are associated with higher
accuracy rates in adults (Weber, Brewer, Wells, Semmler & Keast, 2004; Sauerland &
Sporer, 2009).
Children as eyewitnesses
Child victims or witnesses might also be the only eyewitnesses to many crimes (e.g.,
thefts, vandalism, sexual assaults, abductions; Davies, 1996). A field study conducted in
Scotland revealed that approximately one third of their sample of real witnesses were
children (Memon, Havard, Clifford, Gabbet and Watt, 2011). Further, Davies and Noon
(1991) suggest that, in the UK, almost one quarter of suspects in criminal proceedings with
child eyewitnesses are strangers to the child. Child eyewitnesses, however, present a
challenge to the legal system, since there have long been concerns that children tend to make
more erroneous selections than adults in line-up investigations (Bruck & Ceci, 1999).
In a meta-analysis on child eyewitnesses, Pozzulo and Lindsay (1998) argued that
children can in fact make identifications as effectively as adults, provided the line-ups are TP.
The authors stated the need for more research before drawing conclusions about children and
TA line-ups at that point. A more recent meta-analysis shows, however, that children (aged
4–17) are more likely to err in selections in line-up investigations than adults, regardless of
whether they are TA or TP line-ups (Fitzgerald & Price, 2015). Children were less likely to
make correct identifications than adults and more likely to identify a foil, with younger
children making more errors than older children. They also found children to be less likely
than adults to correctly reject a TA line-up. Younger children also had a non-significant
tendency to make less correct rejections in TA line-ups. In sum, while children can be
reliable witnesses, they are more error-prone than adults are.

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
3
To date, there is limited research on children’s confidence in identification tasks.
Parker and Ryan (1993) found that children (age 8–11) tended to be more confident than
adults when making inaccurate identifications. According to Brewer and Day (2005) and
Keast, Brewer and Wells (2007) the confidence of child witnesses (age 8-13) does not seem
to be a reliable indicator for identification accuracy. However, Hiller and Weber (2013)
found that while children aged 8–12 had less reliable confidence ratings than did adults in
identifying familiar stimuli, higher confidence was still associated with higher accuracy.
Bruer, Fitzgerald, Price and Sauer (2017) conducted a study in which they asked children to
give a confidence rating for each of the faces presented in the line-up. Their results indicate
that the confidence ratings of 6–13-year-olds could indicate the degree of match between
line-up members and previously seen faces.
Research on the response latency of children also seems to be sparse. Beal, Schmitt
and Dekle (1995) found that kindergarten-aged children were slower at making correct
identifications and rejections than incorrect ones, while the results of Brewer and Neil (2005)
indicate that there is no association between response time and accuracy.
Explanations for children’s line-up performance
There are several theories attempting to explain children’s relatively poor
performance in line-up identifications. These include both social and cognitive factors that
might influence children’s performance.
Research suggests that children favor giving positive responses over giving negative
responses or no response at all. This is illustrated by the fact that children tend to try to
answer nonsensical closed questions (Hughes & Grieve, 1980; Waterman, Blades & Spencer,
2000). Research has also shown that in investigative interviews, children are sensitive to
suggestion (Lamb, Brown, Hershkowitz, Orbach and Espin, 2018), implying that they tend to
give answers that they think the adult interviewer wants to hear. Davies (1996) has suggested
that a line-up can be considered equivalent to a leading question. Consequently, one theory is
that the line-up situation in itself leads children to presume the target is present and that they
must choose the “right” picture (Gross & Hayne, 1996). The implicit pressure from an
authority figure to make an identification is difficult for children to resist (Beal, Schmitt &
Dekle, 1995). Supporting this, Lowenstein, Blank, and Sauer (2010) found that children aged
9–10 years old who were administered a line-up by a uniformed officer made more selections
than children who were administered the line-up by a person who wore casual clothing and

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
4
not a uniform. The children made significantly more erroneous selections in TA line-ups in
the uniform present condition.
Concerning cognitive factors that might explain children’s performance in line-ups, it
is important to note that the cognitive strategies needed for correctly identifying the culprit in
a TP line-up and for correctly rejecting a TA line-up differ from one another. In a TP line-up,
the witness can make a correct identification through a familiarity process (Fitzgerald &
Price, 2015). The witness can make the identification without the retrieval of contextual
clues, that is, without recalling things from the situation in which they made the observation.
In a TP condition, the culprit is immediately recognized from the line-up. In a TA line-up on
the other hand, a correct rejection requires more effort. Gross and Hayne (1996) suggest that
the witness must employ a “recall-then-reject” strategy to correctly reject a line-up. This
means that the child first needs to recall the previously seen culprit, and then compare this
representation with each line-up member, searching for a match and rejecting the nonmatches. Recall is known to require more effortful processing than recognition (Robinson &
Johnson, 1996) and researchers believe that the processes needed for recalling information
develop later than the processes needed for recognizing (Kail, 1990). This could in part
explain the differences between the performances of adults compared to children in TA lineups.
While the first published attempt of including a visual representation of the target’s
absence was unsuccessful in improving the correct rejections rate (Davies, Tarrant & Flin,
1989), later attempts have fared better with both photographs (Brewer, Keast & Sauer, 2010;
Karageorge & Zajac, 2011; Zajac & Karageorge, 2009) and in video line-ups (Havard &
Memon, 2013). The purpose of the visual representation is to make the response of rejecting
the line-up more similar to making an identification. In one study, researchers added a picture
of a tree to the line-up, with the instructions that if the child witness did not see the target, the
target could be hiding behind the tree (Dunlevy & Cherryman, 2013). The additional
response alternative did in fact reduce the rate of false identifications in the TA line-ups.
Dunlevy and Cherryman (2013) argue that their findings are in accordance to the dualprocess theory of acquiescence (Knowles & Condon, 1999), meaning that children might lack
an understanding of the line-up and think that the line-up administrator is claiming that the
target is in the line-up. Accepting that their task is to select someone from the line-up, they
will fail to make a verbal rejection and opt for the tree instead. Children’s tendency to choose
the visual representation of the target’s absence could also indicate that developmental

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
5
differences in response inhibition are involved. Smaller children might be unable to stop
themselves from selecting someone from the line-up even if they do understand the
instructions. When comparing the rate at which younger and older children made selections,
Fitzgerald and Price (2015) did not find significant differences. However, research shows that
children and adolescents become faster in cancelling their immediate responses with age
(Williams, Ponesse, Schachar, Logan & Tannock, 1999), with the ability to inhibit responses
peaking at age 12 (Levin, Culhane, Hartmann, Evankovich & Mattson, 1991).
Line-ups consist mainly of adult faces, and evidence suggests that eyewitnesses often
are affected by an own-age bias, where identifying faces closer to one’s own age is more
accurate as opposed to those of other age groups (Wright & Stroud, 2002). This effect does
not seem to be present in children as young as 3 years old (Cassia, Pisacane & Gava, 2012)
but there is evidence for children over the age of 5–7 to exhibit own age bias (Anastasi &
Rhodes, 2005; Hills & Lewis, 2011). In a longitudinal study by Hills (2012), children were
better at recognizing 8-year-old children when they themselves were 8 years old, compared to
when they were 7 or 9, suggesting a very narrow one-year own-age bias for school aged
children. This could put child witnesses at an immediate disadvantage in legal investigations.
However, in an overview of previous meta-analyses, the effect of own-age bias was shown to
be small in children, possibly due to a lack of a sufficient number of studies (Rhodes &
Anastasi, 2012).
Face perception and recognition in eyewitness identifications
An important factor to consider when studying children’s performance in line-up tasks is face
processing (how faces are perceived) and face recognition (identifying a previously
encountered face). Face recognition is a specialized skill involving unique brain regions
(Richler & Gauthier, 2014), which develops through continuous exposure to faces during
early development (Nelson, 2001). Already in their first few hours, newborns can
differentiate between a moving schematic face and a scrambled face (Goren, Sarty, & Wu,
1975; Johnson, Dziurawiec, Ellis, & Morton, 1991), and infants can recognize their mother’s
face a few days after birth (Bushneil, Sai, & Mullin, 1989). As seen in laboratory settings,
children’s ability to recognize faces seems to improve continuously from the age of 5 years
and into adolescence, where it begins to approach adult levels (Blaney & Winograd, 1978;
Carey & Diamond, 1977; Carey, Diamond, & Woods, 1980, Mondloch, Le Grand, & Maurer,
2002).

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
6
In their review, Crookes and McKone (2009) identified two theories explaining the
increase in performance on identification tasks with age. The first, and more widely studied
one, the so-called face perceptual theory of development, argues that it is the continuous
development of face processing skills that explains the improved performance. The second
theory is called the general cognitive development theory. This theory states that the
development of general cognitive skills altogether explains the improvement on face tasks
after the age of 4–5 years.
As mentioned, some researchers propose that children’s poor performance in
identification tasks is due to their use of less effective face processing strategies (Davies et
al., 1989). Early research suggested that children below the age of 10 use different face
processing strategies than do adults, encoding facial features piece by piece instead of
viewing the face in its entirety (Carey & Diamond, 1994; Diamond & Carey, 1977). If
children were to use only featural information to make identifications and the culprit had, for
instance, a large nose, the child witness may incorrectly identify anyone with a large nose.
Adults are known to perceive the face as a whole, taking into account the relation between
features, also called holistic processing (Tanaka & Farah, 1993). Importantly, holistic
processing is seemingly sensitive to stimulus inversion, meaning that stimuli that are upsidedown are more difficult to remember. This effect is much greater for faces than for other
stimuli. The decrease in performance with inversed faces is thought to be due to holistic
processing only working for upright faces, with other stimuli being processed differently
(Yin, 1969). Therefore, without holistic face processing, the inversion effect should not be as
prevalent. This theory of face-specific perceptual development argues that face perception
continues to develop into late adulthood (e.g., Scherf, Behrman, Hamphreys & Luna, 2007),
and that memory for faces develops faster than memory for objects, indicating that memory
for faces has a specific trajectory.
According to the general cognitive development theory presented by Crookes and
McKone (2009), children’s perceptual encoding of faces, or face processing, might fully
mature at the age of 4–5 years. After this age, they argue it is the development of general
cognitive capacities, such as memory, attention, and general neural processing speed that
explains the improvement in task performance. These cognitive skills are known to develop
throughout childhood (Betts, McKay, Maruff & Anderson, 2006; Bjorklund & Douglas,
1997; Kail, 1991). Crookes and McKone (2009) further suggest that there might in fact even
be no quantitative improvements after the age of 5–7 since they consider several of the

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
7
studies that they reviewed showing improvements after this age to suffer from significant
methodological problems.
Studies that are more recent have, however, shown an improvement in the
performance in facial recognition tasks from early childhood up until adolescence. Croydon,
Pimperton, Ewing, Duchaine, and Pelicano (2014) found gradual age-related increases in face
recognition performance between the ages of 5 and 12. They also tested for the stimulus
inversion effect and found no age-related shifts in the size of the effect. Croydon et al. (2014)
state that this lends support to the general cognitive development theory since age did not
account for qualitative differences in face recognition. Kinnunen, Korkman, Laasonen and
Lahti-Nummela (2012) used the Finnish standardization data of the test battery NEPSY-II (A
Developmental Neuropsychological Assessment, second edition; Korkman, Kirk & Kemp,
2008) to investigate typically maturing children’s development of face recognition. Kinnunen
et al. (2012) used a sample consisting of 611 participants between the ages of 5 and 15 years.
In order to assess immediate and delayed recognition respectively, Kinnunen and colleagues
used The Memory for Faces subtest (MF) and Memory for Faces Delayed (MFD). The MF
measures encoding of facial features, face discrimination, and face recognition, while the
MFD assesses the long-term memory for faces. Their results for the MF suggest a
developmental curve where children’s face recognition develops rapidly until the age of 8–9
years but after this, more slowly up to the age of 11. They found only minor development
after the age of 11. This lends further support to the cognitive development theory of Crookes
and McKone (2009).
The NEPSY-II subtests used by Kinnunen et al. (2012) are usable only up to the age
of 16 years. Some studies have found face recognition to continue developing later than this;
well into adulthood. Germine, Duchaine and Nakayama (2011) investigated the ability to
learn and recognize new faces in a sample ranging from pre-adolescence to middle age and
found that face recognition improved until the age of 30. Susilo, Germine and Duchaine
(2013) also found a small, but significant, association between increasing age and
identification accuracy in their sample of 18–33-year-olds. Given the evidence that there
seems to be an improvement in face recognition performance at least up until adolescence,
and potentially adulthood, children are at an unfortunate disadvantage in terms of eyewitness
identification.
To conclude, there are numerous theories as to why children seem to make more
errors in line-up task than adults. One point of focus that has sparked some debate has been

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
8
children’s face processing and recognition abilities. According to recent findings, the
improvements in identification performance seem to be mostly due to the development of
general cognitive skills, as opposed to the development of specialized face recognition skills.
As seen in the standardization data collected by Kinnunen et al. (2012), there seem to be
some strides that take place at certain points during childhood and adolescence. Face
recognition abilities seem to improve rapidly between the ages of 5 to 8-9, then more
gradually until the age of 11, after which increasing age no longer influences face recognition
performance. Regardless of what the reason behind younger children’s relatively poor
performance on identification tasks is, it seems clear that the skills needed to make accurate
identifications develop incrementally until a certain age. Following this, by assessing how
developed these skills are for individual children, it may be possible to predict their
performance on an actual line-up task.
The present study
To date, there is little to no research on predicting a child’s performance in a line-up
based on age and cognitive capabilities such as face recognition. To our knowledge, only a
few studies have attempted to find predictors for adults’ identification accuracy (Valentine,
Pickering, Darling, 2003; Tredoux, Parker, Nunez, 2007). Being able to predict children’s
performance would be important for at least two reasons: 1) The capability of individual child
witnesses could be assessed prior to performing line-ups and unreliable eyewitness
testimonies in criminal investigations could be carefully considered; and 2) by using
individual-level predictors such as age and facial recognition skills, a more precise estimate
of the veracity of a testimony can be derived.
The present study was done in collaboration with a larger data collection concerning
how lighting conditions, in combination with distance and facial masking, affect the accuracy
of eyewitness identifications in a line-up, and how these relate to confidence ratings.
To the best of our knowledge, no research has investigated if a child’s encoding of
facial features can predict their identification accuracy in a line-up task. To test the predictive
value of age and facial recognition skills on eyewitness testimonies, we investigated how
children’s performance on the subtest MF in the NEPSY-II is associated with the
performance in both TP and TA line-up task. In the subtest MF, children aged 5–16 years
observe a series of faces, which they later try to identify among other faces. This makes the
MF more similar to a TP line-up than a TA line-up. We divided the children in this study into
two age groups, 5–8 and 9–16. We did this in accordance with the standardization data

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
9
Kinnunen et al. (2012) provided, showing that the most rapid development happens before
the age of 9.
We expected that
1. both age and test performance predict accuracy in both types of line-ups. In other
words, increased age, as well as higher scores on the Memory for Faces test,
predict higher accuracy in both TA and TP line-up tests.
2. Memory for Faces has added predictive value after controlling for the child’s age.
We will also explore how performance in line-ups with greater distances relates to the
performance on the MF.
Method
Participants
The sample consisted of 164 children (81 male, 72 female, and 11 who reported
‘other’), between the ages of 5 and 16 years (M = 10.70, SD = 2.88). The mean age of boys
was 10.28 (SD = 2.72), of girls 11.14 (SD = 2.79), and of other children 10.18 (SD = 2.68).
Most children were Finnish nationals (n = 153). Of the remaining children, six were from
Estonia, one from India, one from the Netherlands, one from Russia, and one from Spain.
One did not report their nationality. We tested most of the participants in Finnish (n = 139)
and Swedish (n = 16), and the rest in English (n = 9). Fifteen of the children used glasses
during their participation. Research assistants always made sure the children understood the
instructions.
Ethical considerations
Children over the age of 12 could participate at their own consent. The age cut-off is
in accordance with the Finnish Child Protection law, which states that children aged 12 and
older have the right to speak their mind in matters concerning them. A child’s right to make
decisions in matters concerning themselves and the right to participation are also a vital
component in the U.N Convention on the Rights of the Child (1989) and emphasized by the
Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity (2009).
The participation was voluntary, and the participants did not receive credit or
monetary compensation for their participation. The study received an ethical approval from
the Board for Research Ethics at Åbo Akademi University.
Materials
Line-ups. The line-ups consisted of eight photographs of adults displayed on tablets
simultaneously, with eight photographs visible at once. The line-ups presented included both

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
10
TA line-ups, with an added foil replacing the target, and TP line-ups. Participants received
oral instructions that the target may or may not be present in the line-up, and a test leader
individually ensured that all children understood the instructions. In all the line-ups,
participants were able to choose a “the person is not among the pictures” alternative at the
bottom of the screen.
Targets and foils. The targets were recruited for a larger research project involving
participants of all ages. The foils have been recruited by email or word of mouth from
universities in Finland in a previous study (Nyman, Antfolk, Lampinen,Tuomisto,
Kaakkinen, Korkman, & Santtila 2019).
Response tablets. The line-ups were administered on Lenovo Tab 2 tablets.
NEPSY-II, Memory for Faces (MF). NEPSY-II is a broad multidomain
neuropsychological battery intended for assessing the neurocognitive skills of children aged
3–17 years. NEPSY-II enables administration of either the complete battery or specific
subtests only. In the subtest Memory for Faces, participants, aged 5–16 years, are presented
with a series of 16 children’s faces one by one. The photographs are shown for 5 seconds,
accompanied by a request for the participant to identify the gender of the child in the
photograph, thus focusing the participant’s attention to the photograph. Immediately after
this, the child is again presented with a series of the 16 target photographs, each accompanied
by two previously unseen faces, and asked to choose the previously seen face from the three
pictures. The MF is designed to measure encoding of facial features, face discrimination, and
face recognition. NEPSY-II also contains a delayed version of MF; Memory for Faces
delayed (MFD), to be administered 15–25 minutes after the MF. We chose to not include the
MFD since there is not much added value in investigating the effects of such a short delay in
legal settings, and also due to the practical difficulties of managing the young science park
visitors to return at the exact right time. The score in the MF is the number of correct
answers, with the maximum score being 16. Scaled scores that denote the participant’s
performance in relation to their same-age peers are also available and comparable to other
types of normalized scores. A scaled score of 10 in the NEPSY-II represents any given age
group’s average performance.
Many standardized face recognition tests both for adults and children have several
limitations, where scores in the “normal range” do not automatically equate to typical face
recognition ability (Duchaine & Nakayama, 2006). The NEPSY-II test battery, however, is
standardized across a large sample of children and shows concurrent validity by correlational

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
11
studies with other instruments developed to measure cognitive capabilities, academic
achievement, neuropsychological functioning, and behavior (Davis & Matthews, 2010).
Standardization data for the Finnish version of NEPSY-II was gathered from the Finnish
population register by random sampling of 923 children with Finnish-speaking parents. Every
child was tested during the 2-month period surrounding their birthday, with the age groups
being 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 13 and 15.
Procedure
The design was a repeated measures design. All participants first observed 2–4
targets, followed by 2–4 line-ups as well as one predicting MF task. Conditions varied
between-subjects in terms of distance (3x) and within-subjects in terms of line-ups (2x).
The participants were visitors at the Heureka Science Centre in the Helsinki
metropolitan area. We boosted the recruitment of participants via emails sent to Finnish
primary schools and through word of mouth. Children under the age of 12 visiting the science
park could participate in the experiment in the company of a close relative who gave written
consent for them to partake. Children aged 12 or older could give their own consent to
partake in the study. The teachers accompanying their classes to Heureka had asked parents
for written consent for the children under the age of 12 to participate.
After providing consent, each participant first answered a few short background
questions on a mobile application. After this, participants viewed 2–4 live adult target
individuals at one of three possible distances (5, 12.5 and 20 meters) in a well-lit (~ 300-lux)
corridor. The number of viewed targets varied due to some of our targets falling ill during the
testing. Following each observation, participants were presented with either a TA or a TP
line-up. The program on the tablet randomized the line-up type, which was manipulated as a
between-subjects factor. Before responding, participants received instructions and necessary
information about the line-ups, emphasizing that the target might not be present in the lineup. Participants then took part in an eight-person line-up and were asked to choose the person
they had previously seen, or not to choose anyone if the person they had seen was not present
among the photographs. After either making an identification or a rejection, participants were
asked how certain they were (0–100%), whether someone in the line-up was familiar to them
from before, at which distance from themselves they thought the target was presented, what
gender the target was, as well as an estimation of the target’s height and age. This was
repeated either two, three or four times (depending on how many of our targets were able to
participate each day) with a new target individual each time. All conditions were

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
12
counterbalanced across or between participants, apart from line-up type which was
randomized with replacement across all participants.
For practical reasons, we administered the NEPSY-II subtest MF after the line-up
instead of before. Most of the participants took part in the MF subtest immediately after
completing the line-up, while some took part in the MF subtest slightly later but nonetheless
within three hours from their participation in the line-up task. During the test situation, the
research assistant placed a stimulus book directly in front of the participant. Then, the
participants were told they were going to see 16 different photographs of children’s faces and
that they should try to remember them. The research assistants always made sure the children
understood the instructions before continuing. Each photograph was presented for five
seconds. After seeing the photographs, the research assistant asked the children to identify the
gender of the child in the photograph to ensure they looked at the photograph (according to
the NEPSY-II administration procedure). We gave no feedback at this point and the
participant did not need to answer the question about gender correctly, as these answers were
not recorded. After this encoding phase, the research assistant told the participants that they
were going to see pages with photographs of three children and that they had seen one of the
children before. They were asked to point to the face they had seen previously. The research
assistant then showed the participant 16 pages with three photographs each, one previously
seen and two new ones. The subtest was administered individually, and the answers were
recorded on paper (NEPSY-II; Korkman, Kirk, & Kemps, 2008).
The test administrators all wore white lab coats, like the science park’s employees, as
not to be confused with visitors of the park.
Data analysis
We used the package lme4 (Bates, Mächler, Bolker, & Walker, 2014) for the software
R to model binary logistic regressions of the data. In all cases, we created separate models for
TA and TP line-ups. To test our hypotheses, we created a model with the child’s age and MF
performance, as well as their interaction with distance, as predictors and decision accuracy as
a binary outcome.
Results
Descriptive results
Trial descriptives. First, we inspected the distribution of observations across
different distances. The distribution of observations was somewhat uneven (χ2 [2] = 1.28, p =
.53), though not significantly. Participants made observations 52 times at a 5-meter distance,

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
13
65 times at 12.5 meters and 47 times at 20 meters. After this, we investigated the overall
probabilities that identifications and rejections were correct. Participants made correct
identifications in 34.83% of the trials and correct rejections in 54.67% of the trials. Younger
participants made correct identifications in 18.20% of the TP line-ups and correct rejections
in 47.62% of the TA line-ups. Older participants made correct identifications in 40.30% of
the TP line-ups and correct rejections in 57.41% of the TA line-ups.
Participant descriptives. Finally, we investigated the results for the MF test. The
mean for the whole sample for the scaled scores was 9.95 (SD = 3.2), ranging from 2 to 17.
We divided the participants into age groups in accordance with the findings of Kinnunen et
al. (2012); 5–8-year-olds and 9–16-year-olds. The mean for the scaled scores for the younger
age group was 10.16 (SD = 3.75) and for the older age group 9.88 (SD = 3). These
correspond with what is considered an average scaled score in the NEPSY-II Clinical and
Interpretive Manual. We reported MF scores for each age in Table A1 in Appendix A.
Response time and confidence. We looked at the response time for the TA line-ups,
with correct rejections taking an average of 4.97 minutes (SD = 8.26) and incorrect
identifications taking an average of 7.52 minutes (SD =18.94, t[43.35] = 0.73, p = .470). In
TP line-ups, the response time for correct identifications was on average 2.37 minutes (SD =
6.82) while incorrect identifications or rejections took an average of 5.95 minutes (SD =15.1,
t[85.24] = 1.54, p = .128). The participants’ reported average confidence in the TA line-ups
when making correct rejections was 49.90 (SD = 28.11) and 53.06 (SD = 26.76, t[71.58] =
0.5, p = .621) for incorrect identifications. In the TP line-ups, participants reported an average
confidence level of 73.23 (SD = 23.97) for correct identifications and for incorrect
identifications or rejections 50.40 (SD = 33.28, t[79.34] = -3.72, p < .001).
MF, age, and accuracy. To test our hypothesis, that both MF and age would be
positively associated with and could predict accuracy in TP line-ups, we conducted GLMMs
with identification as the outcome, and MF and age as continuous predictors. In this model,
we only included data from TP line-ups. Including condition in the model, the association
between MF and identification accuracy was positive and significant (see Table 1).
There was a positive but non-significant association between age and accuracy, meaning that
the younger age group made more errors in TP line-ups than did older children. Our data was
collected at three different distances, due to the collaborative eyewitness study’s research
questions. When examining the distance, we found that the association between distance and
accuracy was also positive yet non-significant, with lower accuracy at longer distances. These

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
14
results suggest that the MF can significantly predict performance in TP line-ups. Age,
surprisingly, does not seem to significantly predict accuracy in TP line-ups. This rejects our
first hypothesis that both age and MF would predict performance. Distance did not have a
significant effect on identification, nor did it interact with age or MF scores. To further test
our hypothesis, that both MF and age would be positively associated and could predict
accuracy in TA line-ups, we conducted GLMMs with identification as the outcome, and MF
and age as continuous predictors. In these models, we only included data from TA line-ups.
There were no significant effect of MF, age, or distance on correct rejections in TA line-ups.
In sum, MF does seem to predict performance significantly on TP line-ups, but not TA lineups, partially rejecting our second hypothesis as well. In both line-up types, distance did not
interact with either age or MF scores.
Table 1
Correct Identification or Correct Rejection by MF, Age, and Distance
Identification

Rejection

B

SE

t

p

B

SE

t

p

MF

4.00

1.96

2.04

.05

3.77

2.03

1.86

.07

Age

0.08

0.04

1.76

.08

-0.03

0.05

-0.63

.53

Distance

0.06

0.04

1.35

.18

-0.02

0.05

-0.42

.67

Distance * MF

-0.22

0.13

-1.67

.10

-0.17

0.15

-1.14

.26

Distance * age

-0.00

0.00

-1.17

.25

0.00

0.00

0.89

.38

Note: MF = Scaled scores for subtest Memory for Faces.

Discussion
The aim of the current study was to investigate the possible predictive value of
measuring children’s face recognition abilities in connection to an identification line-up task.
We gathered data from 164 children between the ages of 5–16 years. The participants first
partook in a live line-up task with different distances to the target, TA or TP. Following the
line-up task, the children participated the Memory for Faces subtest from NEPSY-II. We
made multi-level regression models separately for TA and TP line-ups.
Response time and confidence
Concerning response time in our TA line-ups, making correct rejections took less time
than erroneously choosing a foil. This contradicts previous research (Beal, Schmitt and
Dekle, 1995). In TP line-ups, the response time for correct identifications was shorter than for
selecting a foil or rejecting the whole line-up, again going against the findings of Beal et al.
(1995). Importantly though, the sample Beal and colleagues used, consisted of only

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
15
kindergarten-aged children whereas our sample had a broader age range. In sum, in the
present study, making a correct decision on both types of line-ups took less time than making
an erroneous one. Correct decisions on TP line-ups were faster than on TA line-ups. This
could indicate that rejecting a TA line-up is a cognitively more demanding task than making
a correct identification in a TP one. This is in line with recall being more effortful than
recognition, as suggested by Robinson and Johnson (1996). Thus, the longer time could be a
sign that the child is cognitively processing the rather demanding task of comparing pictures
with their memories of the person they just saw.
In the present study, higher confidence levels were associated with making correct
identifications in TP line-ups. This is consistent with what we know from previous research
(Hiller & Weber, 2013). The participants reported slightly higher levels of confidence when
making erroneous selections in TA line-ups than when making correct rejections, though not
significantly. In sum, the child’s reported confidence level can significantly predict their
performance, provided that the line-up is TP.
MF, age, and distance
We predicted that age would be associated with higher accuracy in the line-up task.
No significant association between age and identification accuracy in either TP or TA lineups was found. This finding goes against previous research about children’s identification
accuracy increasing with age (Blaney & Winograd, 1978; Chance, Turner, & Goldstein,
1982; Chung & Thomson, 1995; Ellis & Flin, 1990; Shapiro & Penrod, 1986). These results
also clash with the findings of Kinnunen et al. (2012), i.e., that there is rapid development in
face recognition abilities until the age of 8-9 years. When looking at the mean score from our
data, it corresponds with the average score for any given age according to the NEPSY-II
Clinical and Interpretive Manual, indicating that our sample was representative of the general
population. We also predicted that MF would have added value after controlling for the
child’s age. The results regarding MF and age in TP line-ups showed that there was indeed a
positive association between MF and identification accuracy. In other words, in the age
groups studied, the NEPSY-II subtest MF seems to reliably predict identification accuracy on
line-ups where the target is present and our hypothesis was therefore partly confirmed. There
was no significant association between distance and TP line-up performance. There was also
no interaction between distance and age or MF scores. Previous research (Nyman et al.,
2019) has shown that witnesses can make reliable identifications at distances of up to 20
meters, provided the target is observed under well-lit conditions. Since our participants

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
16
observed the targets from a maximum of 20 meters, at 300 lux, a ceiling effect might have
occurred in our sample in TP line-ups.
To our surprise, in the TA line-ups there was no significant association between either
MF, age, or distance and correct rejections. One explanation for this might be the fact that
MF resembles a TP line-up far more than it does a TA line-up. In both the MF and in a TP
line-up, the previously seen face or target is available in the photo array, unlike in a TA lineup. However, these results could also indicate a floor effect, since previous research has
found that younger children’s performance on TA line-ups tends to be more error prone. Our
TA line-ups might have posed too difficult a task for the children. It is also important to note
that the subtest MF only includes children’s faces, whereas the line-ups used in the present
study consisted of only adult targets and foils. As the own-age bias for children has been
found to occur when there is only one year of difference between the target person and the
witness (Hills, 2012), it would imply that children of the same age as the ones depicted in the
NEPSY-II had an easier task in correctly identifying children’s faces in the MF than they did
adults’ faces in the line-up. This could possibly have affected our results in such a way that
children within that age gap performed better on the MF as compared to other children.
Participants also first observed the targets live and then identified them from a photograph,
whereas the children in the MF were first seen in a photograph and then identified from the
same photograph. Previous research suggests that viewing a live target, as opposed to in static
video images, does not improve identification accuracy in adults, at least when the
identification immediately follows encoding (Megreya & Burton, 2008). To the best of our
knowledge, no similar studies have been done with children as test subjects. Therefore, we
cannot with certainty say whether the differences in target viewing skewed our results in
some way.
General discussion
As children often are the only witnesses to a crime, their eyewitness identifications
may be of huge importance in legal procedures. Therefore, knowledge on how to assess a
child’s performance on a line-up is crucial. The benefit of using a test such as the MF would
be that administering the subtest is not time- nor resource consuming. Learning to administer
the MF correctly takes little time and administering the MF to a child takes approximately 10
minutes. Furthermore, the subtest MF is part of NEPSY-II, which is already standardized on
a sample of over 900 Finnish children and shows concurrent validity with other instruments

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
17
that measure cognitive abilities. A standardized version of NEPSY-II is also available in
other countries, including the US.
A large concern in legal decisions is what Faigman, Monahan and Slobogin (2014)
refer to as the Group to Individual (G2i) issue. In legal proceedings, expert witnesses are
often only able to provide information about phenomena on a group level, as this is how
researchers conduct scientific studies. The courts, however, need to make decisions at the
individual level. The challenge, therefore, is using scientific evidence at the group level to
make rulings on the individual level. Finding a way to assess individual children’s face
perception and recognitions skills offers a small step in the right direction concerning the G2i
problem. Not only could we now state how accurate children’s identifications tend to be at
group level, but we could also assess the face discrimination and recognition of individual
children in relation to their peers.
Limitations
The present study had some limitations and as such, our results should be interpreted
with caution. As the present study was part of a larger data collection designed for a different
study, our design was not ideal for the research question at hand. Our participants viewed the
targets at different distances, which might have affected the number of correct identifications.
Additionally, the distribution of observations made across the different distances was uneven.
The children in this study always took part in the line-up task before the MF. Some
children told the test administrator in the MF that the line-up task had been quite difficult,
and some parents reported that their children had gotten tired during the line-up task. Some
children even opted out of participating in the MF testing, we suspect due to fatigue or
boredom from the line-up. The children getting tired and losing focus after the more
demanding line-up task may therefore have affected our results.
All test administrators wore white lab coats. Previous research has indicated that
administrators in uniform tend to increase the number of incorrect identifications in TA
lineups (Lowenstein et al., 2010). Our participants may therefore have perceived an implicit
pressure to make a selection even when the target was not present in the line-up, increasing
the number of errors made by our sample.
The relatively small sample size in the present study limited us to grouping the
children together in only two age groups as to still be able to make meaningful statistical
analyses. A larger sample and more narrow age groups would have allowed for a more

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
18
detailed analysis of possible developmental trajectories and possible relationships between
face recognition skills and line-up performance, when controlling for the age of the child.
Another limitation of the present study is the fact that the MF only resembles a TP
line-up and not a TA line-up. The cognitive processes required to identify someone from a TP
line-up and to reject a TA line-up are quite different (Fitzgerald & Price, 2015; Gross &
Hayne, 1996). In other words, the MF does not necessarily encompass all the skills required
for making correct rejections and trying to interpret any results regarding the MF and TA
line-ups is therefore problematic. The fact that the MF uses children’s faces, whereas line-ups
typically consist of adult faces, may make the MF less than ideal in trying to predict
identification accuracy, mainly due to possible own-age bias (Anastasi & Rhodes, 2005).
Conclusions
To our knowledge, there is little to no previous research regarding the possibility to
predict a child’s performance on a line-up. Therefore, the present study offers a valuable
addition in ways to explore the reliability of child eye testimony. We found a positive
association between the MF subtest and identification accuracy on TP line-ups. In line with
findings on adult eyewitnesses, we found that higher confidence levels were also associated
with higher accuracy in TP line-ups.
Future studies could explore designing a predicting task that more closely resembles a
TA line-up, since the MF we used mostly resembles TP line-up, to see whether they can find
a similar association to the one we found. In the future, studies could also conduct the line-up
and the predicting task on separate days, to ensure that fatigue caused by one task does not
negatively affect performance on the other. Furthermore, predictive tasks including adult
faces should be developed and tested, since the perpetrators are likely to be adults in real-life
eyewitness identifications in criminal cases involving child victims. Future research could
also examine if measures of children’s face recognition abilities with longer delays between
observation and identification can predict performance in both TP and TA line-ups. Further,
research could measure children’s face recognition abilities with repeating a delayed
condition in intervals of a few days. Such a design would better test the participants’ memory
as well as improve the ecological validity of the research.

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
19
Swedish summary
Användning av mått på minne för ansikten för att utreda barns tillförlitlighet i
vittneskonfrontationer
Inledning
Barn kan ofta vara de enda vittnen till många brott (Davies, 1996; Memon, Havard, Clifford,
Gabbet & Watt, 2011). Att ha barn som ögonvittnen i brottsundersökningar är utmanande
eftersom de tenderar att göra flera misstag än vuxna i vittneskonfrontationer (Bruck & Ceci,
1999). Med andra ord kan barn vara mindre tillförlitliga vittnen än vuxna. Denna studie har
som målsättning att undersöka ifall det är möjligt att förutspå ett individuellt barns
tillförlitlighet i en vittneskonfrontation.
Ögonvittnesidentifikationer är en central del av brottsutredningar och domslut och kan
ges större bevisvärde än övrigt bevismaterial i domstol (Nash, Hanczakowski & Mazzoni,
2015). I USA har mer än 350 felaktigt dömda individer blivit frikända med hjälp av DNAbevis. I över 75 % av dessa fall var ögonvittnesmålet den kritiska faktor som legat till grund
för den ursprungliga domen (Innocence Project, 2019). En översikt över de beslut som gjorts
i Östra Finlands hovrätt visar att också i Finland saknar många domare tillräcklig kunskap om
hur de bör bedöma tillförlitligheten i ögonvittnesmål (Niskakangas, 2016). Det är därmed av
största betydelse att utveckla de processer som används av rättssystemet i samband med
ögonvittnesidentifikationer.
Vittneskonfrontationer kan delas in i två kategorier: konfrontationer där
gärningsmannen eller målpersonen är närvarande (target present, TP) och konfrontationer där
målpersonen är frånvarande (target absent, TA). I brottsundersökningar vet inte polisen
vilkendera konfrontationen de administrerar åt vittnet, eftersom den misstänka kan vara
oskyldig. Då finns en risk för att en oskyldigt misstänkt person blir felaktigt identifierad. I
experimentella studier vet man däremot vem den verkliga målpersonen är och man kan
således undersöka vittnens beteende i både TP och TA vittneskonfrontationer (Wells, Memon
& Penrod, 2006).
Uppfattningen på fältet var länge att barn kan vara lika tillförlitliga vittnen som
vuxna, såvida det handlar om en TP vittneskonfrontation (Pozzulo & Lindsay, 1998). En
färskare meta-analys visar dock att barn i åldern 4–17 år mer sannolikt gör felaktiga
utpekanden än vuxna, oberoende av om målpersonen är närvarande eller inte.

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
20
Det finns ett flertal faktorer som kan tänkas bidra till att barn presterar sämre än
vuxna i vittneskonfrontationer. Bland dessa är tendensen att svara positivt på frågor (Hughes
& Grieve, 1980; Waterman, Blades & Spencer, 2000; Zajac & Karageorge, 2009), känslighet
för suggestion (Lamb, Brown, Hershkowitz, Orbach & Espin, 2018; Beal, Schmitt & Dekle,
1995; Lowenstein, Blank & Sauer, 2010), sämre inhibitionsförmåga (Williams, Ponesse,
Schachar, Logan & Tannock, 1999; Levin, Culhane, Hartmann, Evankovich & Mattson,
1991), mindre förståelse för hur vittneskonfrontationen fungerar (Dunlevy & Cherryman,
2013) och mindre utvecklad förmåga till återkallelse (Gross & Hayne, 1996; Robinson &
Johnson 1996; Kail, 1990). En annan viktig faktor att beakta är barns förmåga att processera
och känna igen ansikten. Studier har visat att barn blir bättre på igenkänning med åldern.
Croydon, Pimperton, Ewing, Duchaine och Pelicano (2014) observerade en gradvis förbättrad
prestation på identifieringsuppgifter mellan 5–12 års ålder. Kinnunen, Korkman, Laasonen
och Lahti-Nummela (2012) observerade en utvecklingskurva där barns igenkänning av
ansikten utvecklas snabbt fram till 8–9 års ålder och sedan långsammare upp till 11 års ålder.
Efter 11 års ålder förelåg endast väldigt liten utveckling. Den rådande teorin, utvecklad av
Crookes och McKone (2009), anför att det är de generella kognitiva processernas utveckling
som förklarar den förbättrade prestationen i igenkänning istället för en utveckling av
specifika igenkänningsförmågor. Enligt denna teori skulle igenkänningsförmågan vara fullt
utvecklad vid 4–5 års ålder.
Oberoende av vilka de bakomliggande processerna som tillåter en successivt
förbättrad prestation i ansiktsigenkänning är, är det viktigt att utreda ifall tillförlitligheten i
vittneskonfrontationer går att utreda. I denna studie undersöktes huruvida barns prestation i
vittneskonfrontationer kunde förutspås med hjälp av att mäta hur bra barn presterar i en
igenkänningsuppgift från det neuropsykologiska testbatteriet NEPSY-II.
Metod
I denna studie användes en design med upprepade mätningar. Datainsamlingen gjordes i
samarbete med en bredare ögonvittnesstudie som utredde hur belysning och maskering
påverkar ögonvittnesmål på olika avstånd. Samplet i denna studie bestod av 164 barn i
åldrarna 5–16 år.
Alla deltagare fick först observera 2–4 målpersoner i olika grader av maskering, följt
av 2–4 vittneskonfrontationer och en identifieringsuppgift för att utreda reliabiliteten av
prestationen i vittneskonfrontationen. Vittneskonfrontationerna bestod av 8 fotografier som
presenterades simultant på pekplatta. Identifieringsuppgiften MF är ett deltest ur det

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
21
neuropsykologiska testbatteriet NEPSY-II som är avsett att utreda neurokognitiva förmågor
hos barn i 3–17 års åldern. Deltestet MF ämnar bedöma hur barn kodar in ansikten, skiljer
mellan ansikten och känner igen ansikten och kan administreras åt barn som är 5–16 år. I MF
presenteras barnet med en serie fotografier på barns ansikten som hen sedan ska känna igen
bland andra ansiktsbilder.
Data analyserades i statistikprogrammet R i en binär logistisk regression. Separata
modeller för TA och TP vittneskonfrontationer skapades.
Resultat
Distributionen av observationer var något ojämn (χ2 [2] = 1.28, p = 0.53), så att mest
observationer gjordes på 12,5 meters avstånd. Försöksdeltagarna gjorde korrekta
identifikationer i 34,83 % av konfrontationerna och korrekt förkastande i 54,67 % av
konfrontationerna. Samplet delades in i två åldersgrupper i enlighet med Kinnunens med flera
(2012) resultat; 5–8 år och 9–16 år. Äldre barn gjorde oftare korrekta val än yngre barn.
I TA vittneskonfrontationer tog korrekt förkastande i medeltal 4,97 minuter (SD =
8.26) och inkorrekt identifiering 7,52 minuter (SD =18.94, t [43.35] = 0.73, p = .470). I TP
vittneskonfrontationer gjordes korrekta identifikationer i medeltal på 2,37 minuter (SD =
6.82) medan inkorrekta identifikationer tog i medeltal 5,95 minuter (SD =15.1, t [85.24] =
1.54, p = .128). Deltagarnas rapporterade självförtroende i sitt svar i TA
vittneskonfrontationerna var i medeltal 49,90 (SD = 28.11) vid korrekt förkastande och 53,06
(SD = 26.76, t [71.58] = 0.5, p = .621) för inkorrekt identifiering. I TP vittneskonfrontationer
var deltagarnas självförtroende i medeltal 73,23 (SD = 23.97) för korrekt identifiering och
50,40 (SD = 33.28, t [79.34] = -3.72, p <.001) för inkorrekt identifiering eller förkastande.
I tabell 1 presenteras vår huvudanalys över MF, ålder, distans och prestation i
vittneskonfrontationerna. För TP vittneskonfrontationer hittade vi en positiv association
mellan MF och korrekt identifiering. En icke-signifikant positiv association hittades mellan
ålder och korrekt identifiering, alltså gjorde den yngre åldersgruppen mera missar än den
äldre gruppen. Avståndet hade inte en signifikant effekt på prestation i TP
vittneskonfrontationen. Avståndet interagerade heller inte med ålder eller MF poäng. I TA
vittneskonfrontationerna hittades ingen signifikant effekt av varken MF, ålder, eller distans
för korrekt förkastande.
Diskussion
I såväl TA och TP typs vittneskonfrontationer tog korrekta beslut kortare tid att fatta än
inkorrekta beslut. Att det tog längre tid att förkasta en TA konfrontation kunde tyda på att det

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
22
är en kognitivt mer krävande uppgift att förkasta än att göra en korrekt identifiering. Den
längre responstiden kunde således vara ett tecken på att barnet processerar den kognitivt
krävande uppgiften av att jämföra en minnesbild mot fotografierna i vittneskonfrontationen.
Högre nivåer av säkerhet var i denna studie associerade med korrekt beslut på TP
vittneskonfrontationerna.
I motsats till vad vi förväntat oss, hittade vi ingen signifikant association mellan
korrekt svar i TA vittneskonfrontationerna och MF eller ålder. Detta kan tänkas bero på att
MF liknar TP vittneskonfrontationer mycket mer än TA konfrontationer. I en TA
vittneskonfrontation bör ju barnet märka att målpersonen inte är närvarande i fotografierna,
till skillnad från MF deltestet och TP konfrontationen där målpersonen alltid finns bland
alternativen. Våra resultat kunde även indikera en golveffekt då vi från tidigare forskning
(Fitzgerald & Price, 2015) vet att barn tenderar att göra flera missar i TA konfrontationer. En
annan förklaring kunde vara att TA vittneskonfrontationer helt enkelt är mer kognitivt
krävande för barn.
Eftersom denna studie gjordes i samarbete med en större datainsamling var inte vissa
delar av upplägget ideala för just vår forskningsfråga. Brister som liten sampelstorlek och
möjlig bias för ansikten i den egna åldersgruppen bör tas i beaktande vid tolkningen av denna
studies resultat. Framtida studier kunde utforska en predicerande uppgift som bättre liknar
TA vittneskonfrontationer, en igenkänningsuppgift med ansikten på vuxna istället för på barn
samt identifieringsuppgifter med längre tidsintervaller mellan testningarna, för att öka på den
ekologiska validiteten i forskningen.

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
23
References
Anastasi, J., & Rhodes, M. (2005). An own-age bias in face recognition for children and
older adults. Psychonomic Bulletin & Review, 12(6), 1043-1047.
doi:10.3758/BF03206441
Bates, D., Mächler, M., Bolker, B., & Walker, S. (2014). Fitting linear mixed-effects models
using lme4. Journal of Statistical Software, 67(1), 1-48. doi:10.18637/jss.v067.i01
Beal, C. R., Schmitt, K. L., & Dekle, D. J. (1995). Eyewitness identification of children. Law
and Human Behavior, 19(2), 197-216. doi:10.1007/BF01499325
Betts, J., Mckay, J., Maruff, P., & Anderson, V. (2006). The development of sustained
attention in children: The effect of age and task load. Child Neuropsychology, 12(3),
205-221. doi:10.1080/09297040500488522
Bjorklund, D. F., & Douglas, R. N. (1997). The development of memory strategies. The
development of memory in childhood, 201-246.
Blaney, R. L., & Winograd, E. (1978). Developmental differences in children's recognition
memory for faces. Developmental Psychology, 14(4), 441-442. doi:10.1037/00121649.14.4.441
Brewer, N., & Day, K. (2005). The confidence-accuracy and decision latency-accuracy
relationships in children's eyewitness identification. Psychiatry, Psychology and
Law, 12(1), 119-128. doi:10.1375/pplt.2005.12.1.119
Brewer, N., Keast, A., & Sauer, J. D. (2010). Children's eyewitness identification
performance: Effects of a not sure response option and accuracy motivation. Legal and
Criminological Psychology, 15(2), 261-277. doi:10.1348/135532509X474822
Bruck, M., & Ceci, S. J. (1999). The suggestibility of children's memory. Annual Review of
Psychology, 50(1), 419-439. doi:10.1146/annurev.psych.50.1.419
Bruer, K. C., Fitzgerald, R. J., Price, H. L., & Sauer, J. D. (2017). How sure are you that this
is the man you saw? Child witnesses can use confidence judgments to identify a
target. Law and Human Behavior, 41(6), 541-555. doi:10.1037/lhb0000260
Bushneil, I. W. R., Sai, F., & Mullin, J. T. (1989). Neonatal recognition of the mother's
face. British Journal of Developmental Psychology, 7(1), 3-15. doi:10.1111/j.2044835X.1989.tb00784.x
Carey, S., & Diamond, R. (1977). From piecemeal to configurational representation of
faces. Science, 195(4275), 312-314.

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
24
Carey, S., Diamond, R., & Woods, B. (1980). Development of face recognition: A
maturational component? Developmental Psychology, 16(4), 257-269.
doi:10.1037/0012-1649.16.4.257
Cassia, V. M., Pisacane, A., & Gava, L. (2012). No own-age bias in 3-year-old children:
More evidence for the role of early experience in building face-processing
biases. Journal of Experimental Child Psychology, 113(3), 372-382.
Chance, J. E., Turner, A. L., & Goldstein, A. G. (1982). Development of differential
recognition for own- and other-race faces. The Journal of Psychology, 112(1), 29-37.
doi:10.1080/00223980.1982.9923531
National Research Council. (2015). Identifying the culprit: Assessing eyewitness
identification. National Academies Press.
Crookes, K., & McKone, E. (2009). Early maturity of face recognition: No childhood
development of holistic processing, novel face encoding, or facespace. Cognition, 111(2), 219-247. doi:10.1016/j.cognition.2009.02.004
Croydon, A., Pimperton, H., Ewing, L., Duchaine, B. C., & Pellicano, E. (2014). The
cambridge face memory test for children (CFMT-C): A new tool for measuring face
recognition skills in childhood. Neuropsychologia, 62, 60-67.
doi:10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2014.07.008
Davies, G. M. (1996). Children’s identification evidence. Psychological issues in eyewitness
identification, 233-258.
Davies, G., Tarrant, A., & Flin, R. (1989). Close encounters of the witness kind: Children's
memory for a simulated health inspection. British Journal of Psychology (London,
England : 1953), 80 ( Pt 4)(4), 415-429. doi:10.1111/j.2044-8295.1989.tb02333.x
Davies, G., & Noon, E. (1991). An Evaluation of the live link for child witnesses. London:
The Home Office
Davis, J. L., & Matthews, R. N. (2010). NEPSY-II Review: Korkman, M., Kirk, U., & Kemp,
S. (2007). NEPSY—Second Edition (NEPSY-II). San Antonio, TX: Harcourt
Assessment. Journal of Psychoeducational Assessment, 28(2), 175-182.
Diamond, R., & Carey, S. (1977). Developmental changes in the representation of
faces. Journal of Experimental Child Psychology, 23(1), 1-22. doi:10.1016/00220965(77)90069-8
Duchaine, B., & Nakayama, K. (2006). The cambridge face memory test: Results for
neurologically intact individuals and an investigation of its validity using inverted face

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
25
stimuli and prosopagnosic participants. Neuropsychologia, 44(4), 576-585.
doi:10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2005.07.001
Dunlevy, J. R., & Cherryman, J. (2013). Target-absent eyewitness identification line-ups:
Why do children like to choose. Psychiatry, Psychology and Law, 20(2), 284-293.
doi:10.1080/13218719.2012.671584
Eyewitness Identification reform. (2019, September 25). Retrieved September 29, 2019, from
https://www.innocenceproject.org/eyewitness-identification-reform/Innocence Project
Faigman, D.L., Monahan, J., & Slobogin, C. (2014). Group to individual (G2i) inference in
scientific expert testimony. The University of Chicago Law Review, 81(2), 417-480.
doi:10.2139/ssrn.2298909
Finnish National Board on Research. (2009). The ethical principles of research with human
participants and ethical review in the human sciences in Finland. Retrieved
from https://tenk.fi
Fitzgerald, R. J., & Price, H. L. (2015). Eyewitness identification across the life span: A
meta-analysis of age differences. Psychological Bulletin, 141(6), 1228-1265.
doi:10.1037/bul0000013
Germine, L. T., Duchaine, B., & Nakayama, K. (2011). Where cognitive development and
aging meet: Face learning ability peaks after age 30. Cognition, 118(2), 201.
Goren, C. C., Sarty, M., & Wu, P. Y. (1975). Visual following and pattern discrimination of
face-like stimuli by newborn infants. Pediatrics, 56(4), 544-549.
Gross, J., & Hayne, H. (1996). Eyewitness identification by 5- to 6-year-old children. Law
and Human Behavior, 20(3), 359-373. doi:10.1007/BF01499028
Havard, C., & Memon, A. (2013). The mystery man can help reduce false identification for
child witnesses: Evidence from video line‐ups. Applied Cognitive Psychology, 27(1), 5059. doi:10.1002/acp.2870
Hiller, R. M., & Weber, N. (2013). A comparison of adults’ and children's metacognition for
yes/no recognition decisions. Journal of Applied Research in Memory and
Cognition, 2(3), 185-191. doi:10.1016/j.jarmac.2013.07.001
Hills, P. J. (2012). A developmental study of the own-age face recognition bias in
children. Developmental Psychology, 48(2), 499-508. doi:10.1037/a0026524
Hills, P. J., & Lewis, M. B. (2011). The own-age face recognition bias in children and
adults. The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology, 64(1), 17-23.
doi:10.1080/17470218.2010.537926

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
26
Hughes, M., & Grieve, R. (1980). On asking children bizarre questions. First Language, 1(2),
149-160. doi:10.1177/014272378000100205
Johnson, M. H., Dziurawiec, S., Ellis, H., & Morton, J. (1991). Newborns' preferential
tracking of faces and its subsequent decline. Cognition, 1-2(40), 1-19. doi:10.1016/00100277(91)90045-6 · Source
Kail, R. (1991). Developmental change in speed of processing during childhood and
adolescence. Psychological Bulletin, 109(3), 490-501. doi:10.1037/0033-2909.109.3.490
Karageorge, A., & Zajac, R. (2011). Exploring the effects of age and delay on children's
person identifications: Verbal descriptions, lineup performance, and the influence of
wildcards. British Journal of Psychology (London, England : 1953), 102(2), 161.
doi:10.1348/000712610X507902
Keast, A., Brewer, N., & Wells, G. L. (2007). Children’s metacognitive judgments in an
eyewitness identification task. Journal of Experimental Child Psychology, 97(4), 286314. doi:10.1016/j.jecp.2007.01.007
Kinnunen, S., Korkman, M., Laasonen, M., & Lahti-Nuuttila, P. (2013). Development of face
recognition in 5- to 15-year-olds. Journal of Cognition and Development, 14(4), 617632. doi:10.1080/15248372.2012.689389
Knowles, E. S., & Condon, C. A. (1999). Why people say "yes". Journal of Personality and
Social Psychology, 77(2), 379-386. doi:10.1037/0022-3514.77.2.379
Korkman, M., Kirk, U., & Kemp, S. L. (2008). NEPSY II: Käsikirja II: Kehittely, käyttö ja
psykometriset tiedot.
Lamb, M. E., Brown, D. A., Hershkowitz, I., Orbach, Y., & Esplin, P. W. (2018). Tell me
what happened : Questioning children about abuse. Newark: John Wiley & Sons,
Incorporated.
Levin, H. S., Culhane, K. A., Hartmann, J., Evankovich, K., Mattson, A. J., Harward, H., . . .
Fletcher, J. M. (1991). Developmental changes in performance on tests of purported
frontal lobe functioning. Developmental Neuropsychology, 7(3), 377-395.
doi:10.1080/87565649109540499
Lindsay, R. C. L., Semmler, C., Weber, N., Brewer, N., & Lindsay, M. R. (2008). How
variations in distance affect eyewitness reports and identification accuracy. Law and
Human Behavior, 32(6), 526-535. doi:10.1007/s10979-008-9128-x

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
27
Lindsay, R. C., & Wells, G. L. (1985). Improving eyewitness identifications from lineups:
Simultaneous versus sequential lineup presentation. Journal of Applied
Psychology, 70(3), 556-564. doi:10.1037//0021-9010.70.3.556
Lindsay, R. C. L., Kalmet, N., Leung, J., Bertrand, M. I., Sauer, J. D., & Sauerland, M.
(2013). Confidence and accuracy of lineup selections and rejections: Postdicting
rejection accuracy with confidence. Journal of Applied Research in Memory and
Cognition, 2(3), 179-184. doi:10.1016/j.jarmac.2013.06.002
Loftus, G., & Harley, E. (2005). Why is it easier to identify someone close than far
away? Psychonomic Bulletin & Review, 12(1), 43-65. doi:10.3758/BF03196348
Lowenstein, J. A., Blank, H., & Sauer, J. D. (2010). Uniforms affect the accuracy of
children's eyewitness identification decisions. Journal of Investigative Psychology and
Offender Profiling, 7(1), 59-73. doi:10.1002/jip.104
Malpass, R. S., & Devine, P. G. (1981). Eyewitness identification lineup instructions and the
absence of the offender. Journal of Applied Psychology, 66(4), 482-489.
Megreya, A. M., & Burton, A. M. (2008). Matching faces to photographs: Poor performance
in eyewitness memory (without the memory). Journal of Experimental Psychology:
Applied, 14(4), 364.
Memon, A., Havard, C., Clifford, B., Gabbert, F., & Watt, M. (2011). A field evaluation of
the VIPER system: A new technique for eliciting eyewitness identification
evidence. Psychology, Crime & Law, 17(8), 711-729.
Mondloch, C. J., Le Grand, R., & Maurer, D. (2002). Configural face processing develops
more slowly than featural face processing. Perception, 31(5), 553-566.
Nash, R. A., Hanczakowski M., & Mazzoni, G. (2015). Eyewitness testimony.
Nelson, C. A. (2001). The development and neural bases of face recognition. Infant and
Child Development, 10(1-2), 3-18. doi:10.1002/icd.239
Niskakangas, H. (2016). Silminnäkijätunnistamisen luotettavuus. [Master’s Thesis,
University of Eastern Finland].
Nyman, T. J., Antfolk, J., Lampinen, J. M., Tuomisto, M., Kaakinen, J. K., Korkman, J., &
Santtila, P. (2019). A stab in the dark: The distance threshold of target identification in
low light. Cogent Psychology, 6(1), 1632047.
Nyman, T. J., Lampinen, J. M., Antfolk, J., Korkman, J., & Santtila, P. (2019). The distance
threshold of reliable eyewitness identification. Law and Human Behavior, 43(6), 527541. doi:10.1037/lhb0000342

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
28
Parker, J. F., & Ryan, V. (1993). An attempt to reduce guessing behavior in children's and
adults' eyewitness identifications. Law and Human Behavior, 17(1), 11-26.
doi:10.1007/BF01044534
Pozzulo, J. D., & Lindsay, R. C. L. (1998). Identification accuracy of children versus
adults. Law and Human Behavior, 22(5), 549-570. doi:1025739514042
Pozzulo, J. D., & Lindsay, R. C. L. (1999). Elimination lineups: An improved identification
procedure for child eyewitnesses. Journal of Applied Psychology, 84(2), 167-176.
doi:10.1037//0021-9010.84.2.167
Rhodes, M. G., & Anastasi, J. S. (2012). The own-age bias in face recognition: A metaanalytic and theoretical review. Psychological Bulletin, 138(1), 146-174.
doi:10.1037/a0025750
Richler, J. J., & Gauthier, I. (2014). A meta-analysis and review of holistic face
processing. Psychological Bulletin, 140(5), 1281-1302. doi:10.1037/a0037004
Robinson, M. D., & Johnson, J. T. (1996). Recall memory, recognition memory, and the
eyewitness confidence-accuracy correlation. Journal of Applied Psychology, 81(5), 587594. doi:10.1037//0021-9010.81.5.587
Sauerland, M., & Sporer, S. L. (2009). Fast and confident. Journal of Experimental
Psychology: Applied, 15(1), 46-62. doi:10.1037/a0014560
Scherf, K. S., Behrmann, M., Humphreys, K., & Luna, B. (2007). Visual category-selectivity
for faces, places and objects emerges along different developmental
trajectories. Developmental Science, 10(4), F15-F30. doi:10.1111/j.14677687.2007.00595.x
Shapiro, P. N., & Penrod, S. (1986). Meta-analysis of facial identification
studies. Psychological Bulletin, 100(2), 139-156. doi:10.1037//0033-2909.100.2.139
Sporer, S. L., Penrod, S., Read, D., & Cutler, B. (1995). Choosing, confidence, and accuracy:
A meta-analysis of the confidence-accuracy relation in eyewitness identification
studies. Psychological Bulletin, 118(3), 315-327. doi:10.1037//0033-2909.118.3.315
Susilo, T., Germine, L., & Duchaine, B. (2013). Face recognition ability matures late:
Evidence from individual differences in young adults. Journal of Experimental
Psychology. Human Perception and Performance, 39(5), 1212-1217.
doi:10.1037/a0033469

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
29
Tanaka, J. W., & Farah, M. J. (1993). Parts and wholes in face recognition. The Quarterly
Journal of Experimental Psychology. A, Human Experimental Psychology, 46(2), 225245. doi:10.1080/14640749308401045
Tredoux, C., Parker, J. F., & Nunez, D. (2007). Predicting eyewitness identification accuracy
with mock witness measures of lineup fairness: Quality of encoding interacts with lineup
format. South African Journal of Psychology, 37(2), 207-222.
doi:10.1177/008124630703700201
UN General Assembly. (1989). Convention on the Rights of the Child. United Nations,
Treaty Series, 1577(p. 3).
Valentine, T., Pickering, A., & Darling, S. (2003). Characteristics of eyewitness identification
that predict the outcome of real lineups. Applied Cognitive Psychology, 17(8), 969-993.
doi:10.1002/acp.939
Waterman, A. H., Blades, M., & Spencer, C. (2000). Do children try to answer nonsensical
questions? British Journal of Developmental Psychology, 18(2), 211-225.
doi:10.1348/026151000165652
Weber, N., & Brewer, N. (2006). Positive versus negative face recognition decisions:
Confidence, accuracy, and response latency. Applied Cognitive Psychology, 20(1), 1731. doi:10.1002/acp.1166
Weber, N., Brewer, N., Wells, G. L., Semmler, C., & Keast, A. (2004). Eyewitness
identification accuracy and response latency. Journal of Experimental Psychology:
Applied, 10(3), 139-147. doi:10.1037/1076-898X.10.3.139
Wells, G. L. (1978). Applied eyewitness-testimony research: System variables and estimator
variables. Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, 36(12), 1546-1557.
doi:10.1037//0022-3514.36.12.1546
Wells, G. L., Memon, A., & Penrod, S. D. (2006). Eyewitness evidence: Improving its
probative value. Psychological Science in the Public Interest, 7(2), 45-75.
doi:10.1111/j.1529-1006.2006.00027.x
Wells, G. L., Rydell, S. M., & Seelau, E. P. (1993). The selection of distractors for
eyewitness lineups. Journal of Applied Psychology, 78(5), 835-844. doi:10.1037//00219010.78.5.835
Wells, G. L., Small, M., Penrod, S., Malpass, R. S., Fulero, S. M., & Brimacombe, C. A. E.
(1998). Eyewitness identification procedures. Law and Human Behavior, 22(6), 603647. doi:1025750605807

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
30
Williams, B. R., Ponesse, J. S., Schachar, R. J., Logan, G. D., & Tannock, R. (1999).
Development of inhibitory control across the life span. Developmental
Psychology, 35(1), 205-213. doi:10.1037//0012-1649.35.1.205
Wixted, J. T., & Wells, G. L. (2017). The relationship between eyewitness confidence and
identification accuracy: A new synthesis. Psychological Science in the Public
Interest, 18(1), 10-65. doi:10.1177/1529100616686966
Wright, D. B., & Stroud, J. N. (2002). Age differences in lineup identification accuracy. Law
and Human Behavior, 26(6), 641-654. doi:1020981501383
Yin, R. K. (1969). Looking at upside-down faces. Journal of Experimental
Psychology, 81(1), 141-148.
Zajac, R., & Karageorge, A. (2009). The wildcard: A simple technique for improving
children's target‐absent lineup performance. Applied Cognitive Psychology, 23(3), 358368. doi:10.1002/acp.1511

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
31
Appendix A
Table A1
Memory of Faces scaled scores by age
Age

Scaled Score

SD

5

11.00

4.76

6

9.12

4.12

7

9.92

3.37

8

10.58

3.82

9

8.75

3.21

10

11.00

2.74

11

10.00

2.25

12

8.89

3.31

13

10.74

3.53

14

9.69

2.47

15

7.83

0.75

16

11.80

2.17

PREDICTING CHILDREN’S PERFORMANCE IN LINE-UP TASKS
32
PRESSMEDDELANDE
Användning av mått på minne för ansikten för att utreda barns tillförlitlighet i
vittneskonfrontationer
Pro-gradu avhandling i psykologi
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi, Åbo Akademi
Resultaten från en pro-gradu avhandling i psykologi vid Åbo Akademi tyder på att mått på hur
barn kodar in ansikten, skiljer mellan ansikten och känner igen ansikten signifikant kan
förutsäga deras prestation i en vittneskonfrontation (eng. line-up). Studien hade som avsikt att
undersöka ifall barns prestation och tillförlitlighet som ögonvittnen går att bedömas genom
att utreda deras igenkänningsförmågor med ett test skilt från vittneskonfrontationen. Studien
är den första av sitt slag.
Datainsamlingen gjordes i samarbete med en större ögonvittnesstudie i vetenskapsparken
Heureka i Vanda. Data består av 164 barn som först deltog i en vittneskonfrontation och
sedan i en igenkänningsuppgift, deltestet Minne för Ansikten, ur det neuropsykologiska
testbatteriet NEPSY-II. Resultaten visar att man med hjälp av deltestet Minne för Ansikten
kan bedöma barns tillförlitlighet i vittneskonfrontationer där målpersonen är närvarande.
Även barns rapporterade nivå av självsäkerhet i sitt svar kan förutsäga deras prestation i
vittneskonfrontationer där målpersonen är närvarande.
Vid tolkning av dessa resultat bör man ta i beaktande att studiens design inte varit ideal för
dess forskningsfråga då datainsamlingen skett i samarbete med en annan studie.
Avhandlingen utfördes av Emily von Julin under handledning av Julia Korkman, PsD, Jan
Antfolk, PsD och Thomas Nyman, PsM.
Ytterlig information fås av:
Emily von Julin
ejulinvo@abo.fi

