Do maternal cognitive abilities moderate the association between experienced stress
early in pregnancy and anxiety/depression later in pregnancy?

Emma Vihervaara, 40923
Masters Thesis in Psychology
Supervisors: Mira Karrasch, Matti Laine & Elisabeth Nordenswan
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Åbo Akademi University

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF ARTS; PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY
Summary of Master’s Thesis
Subject: Psychology
Author: Emma Vihervaara
Title: Do maternal cognitive abilities moderate the association between
experienced stress early in pregnancy and anxiety/depression later in
pregnancy?
Supervisors: Mira Karrasch (Åbo Akademi), Matti Laine (Åbo Akademi)
and Elisabeth Nordenswan (Åbo Akademi/ FinnBrain)
Abstract:
Prenatal anxiety and depression are among the most common psychological
disorders affecting women today. The association between stress and
psychiatric symptoms as well as the influence of cognition on this association
has been widely studied in the general population. Previous studies have
indicated significant associations between stress and anxiety/depression.
Findings suggest that good cognitive abilities serve as a protective factor
against developing psychiatric symptoms. Earlier studies focus on the
general population, whereas research on pregnant women is scarce. The aim
of this study was to examine the association between experienced stress early
in pregnancy and anxiety/depression later in pregnancy, as well as the
possible role of cognition as a moderator of this association in pregnant
women. This study (N = 275) was conducted as a substudy within the
FinnBrain Birth Cohort study. Initial correlation analysis showed significant
associations between the modified stress-related screening questionnaire
“Daily Hassles” early in pregnancy and anxiety/depression self-report
questionnaires later in pregnancy. The possible moderation effect was
investigated with a regression analysis, showing no effect of cognition on the
association between experienced stress and anxiety/depression. The results
support the use of stress-related screening questionnaires such as the Daily
Hassles questionnaire in addition to psychiatric self-report questionnaires in
the beginning of pregnancy, to improve identification of mothers at risk for
developing anxiety/depression during pregnancy. The results further suggest
that help should be provided to all mothers experiencing high levels of stress,
anxiety or depressive symptoms in the beginning of pregnancy, regardless of
their cognitive performance level.
Keywords: stress, cognition, anxiety, depression
Date: 29.6.2020

Number of pages: 55

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI
Abstrakt för avhandling Pro Gradu
Ämne: Psykologi
Författare: Emma Vihervaara
Titel: Inverkar mammans kognitiva funktionsförmåga på förhållandet mellan
upplevd stress under den tidiga graviditeten och ångest/depression senare under
graviditeten?
Handledare: Mira Karrasch (Åbo Akademi), Matti Laine (Åbo Akademi) och
Elisabeth Nordenswan (Åbo Akademi/ FinnBrain)
Abstrakt:
Prenatal ångest och depression hör till de mest allmänna psykiska störningar som
drabbar kvinnor idag. Sambandet mellan stress och psykiatriska symtom samt
kognitionens inverkan på detta samband har undersökts mycket i den allmänna
populationen. Tidigare forskning har hittat samband mellan stress och utvecklingen
av ångest och depression. Därtill har resultat i tidigare studier antytt att kognition
kan fungera som en skyddande faktor i utvecklingen av psykiatriska symtom.
Tidigare forskning har fokuserat på den allmänna populationen medan det finns få
studier att tillgå som fokuserat på gravida kvinnor. Syftet med den föreliggande
studien var att undersöka sambandet mellan upplevd stress under den tidiga
graviditeten och ångest/depression i slutet av graviditeten. Därtill var syftet att
undersöka den möjliga modererande effekten av mammans kognition på detta
samband. Denna studie (N = 275) genomfördes som en delstudie i FinnBrain
födelsekohortstudien. En korrelationsanalys genomfördes som påvisade signifikanta
samband mellan det modifierade Daily Hassles frågeformuläret gällande stress i
början av graviditeten och självskattningsskalor gällande ångest/depression i slutet
av graviditeten. Den möjliga moderatoreffekten undersöktes med hjälp av en
regressionsanalys. Resultaten visade ingen effekt av mammornas kognitiva
prestationsförmåga på sambandet mellan upplevd stress i början av graviditeten och
ångest/depression i slutet av graviditeten. Resultaten stöder användningen av
frågeformulär relaterade till stress vid sidan om psykiatriska självskattningsskalor i
början av graviditeten, för att effektivera identifieringen av mammor med risk för att
utveckla ångest/depression under graviditeten. Resultaten tyder vidare på att stöd
borde erbjudas alla mammor som uppvisar upplevd stress, ångest eller depression i
början av graviditeten, oberoende av nivån på deras kognitiva prestationsförmåga.
Nyckelord: stress, kognition, ångest, depression
Datum: 29.6.2020

Sidoantal: 55

Acknowledgments
In Turku, May 2020,
I would like to thank the FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study group for offering me a chance
to work for the project in exchange for the data of this thesis. I thank the participants
taking part of the cognitive measurements and filling out the Daily Hassles - and
psychiatric questionnaires. Further I want to express my gratitude to my Åbo Akademi
supervisors professor Matti Laine and docent Mira Karrasch for the valuable feedback
and advice throughout the writing process. Thank you for taking your time to comment
on my writing, share your knowledge, and give out helpful material to support the
process. I also want to direct a big thank you to my supervisor at the FinnBrain project,
doctoral student Elisabeth Nordenswan. Thank you for your guidance, assurance, and
emotional support throughout this process. I have experienced this whole one year
lasting process in a positive light mainly because of your way of cheering me on, your
excitedness about the study, as well as your way of taking time to discuss the topic of
the thesis with me. In addition to this you got me started on working with SPSS,
explaining in a simple and clear way, always making it easy to ask questions. A special
thanks goes out to Juho Pelto from the FinnBrain project and fellow student Martin
Lagerström for irreplaceable help with the data analyses. Getting peer support from
my fellow student Emma Söderman while working on the same type of analyses has
also been of great value, making the process a lot more fun. The sense of support from
family and friends throughout the process is also something I am greatful for,
especially during the isolated times of corona. I am especially thankful for the time
and effort my brother Christian Stenvall put in for me, reading through and
commenting on my writing from a perspective of not being familiar with the field of
psychology. Finally, I would like to thank Alexander Nystén for helping with the text
formatting in times of momentary despair. I could not have finished my thesis by this
time, without your help and company.

Table of Contents
1

Introduction ........................................................................................................ 1
1.1

2

Aims of the study ......................................................................................... 3

Method ................................................................................................................ 4
2.1

Participants ................................................................................................... 4

2.2

Procedure...................................................................................................... 6

2.3

Measures ...................................................................................................... 7

2.3.1

Daily Hassles (DH) .............................................................................. 7

2.3.2

CogState ............................................................................................... 8

2.3.3

Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale IV- Verbal Comprehension Index

(WAIS-IV VCI) ................................................................................................. 11

3

4

2.3.4

Symptom Checklist -90/Anxiety Subscale (SCL-90/AS) .................. 11

2.3.5

Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) ................................. 12

2.4

Data Analysis ............................................................................................. 12

2.5

Descriptive Statistics .................................................................................. 13

Results ............................................................................................................... 14
3.1

Correlation Analysis................................................................................... 14

3.2

Moderation Analysis .................................................................................. 16

Discussion .......................................................................................................... 20

Swedish summary/ Svensk sammanfattning: ........................................................ 25
Introduktion ............................................................................................................ 25
Syfte ....................................................................................................................... 26
Metod ..................................................................................................................... 27
Resultat................................................................................................................... 32
Diskussion .............................................................................................................. 33

Slutsats ................................................................................................................... 36
5

References ......................................................................................................... 38

6

Appendix ........................................................................................................... 45

1

Introduction

Maternal anxiety and depression are common during pre- and postnatal periods (Field,
2011). According to longitudinal studies, the rate of maternal depression is higher
during pregnancy than during the postpartum period (Bowen et al., 2012).
Approximately 10-15% of all pregnant women experience some anxiety or stress
during this major transitional phase in their life (Dayan et al, 2006). Prenatal anxiety
and depression are among the most common disorders affecting women (Fairbrother
et al., 2015; Kartal & Oskay, 2017), and the majority of postpartum depression cases
are preceded by depression during pregnancy (Bowen et al., 2012).
Effects of prenatal anxiety and depression have negative implications for both fetal
and infant development (DiPietro, 2012), as well as for families and for long-term
maternal well-being (Brennan et al., 2000). There is evidence that maternal anxiety
and depression during pregnancy can affect the immune function of the fetus, possibly
by transfer of maternal cortisol to the fetus. Prenatal immune challenges have been
linked

to

central

nervous

system

dysfunction

and

consequently

related

neuropsychiatric disorders such as autism, schizophrenia, Alzheimer’s and
Parkinson’s disease (Knuesel et al., 2014). Prenatal maternal anxiety and depression
have been linked to a wide range of symptoms in infants such as low birth weight,
preterm birth, and dysregulated neurobiological activity, as well as behavioral,
emotional and neurodevelopmental disturbances (Lazinski et al., 2008). These wideranging symptoms can persist into childhood, adolescence, and all the way into
adulthood (Talge et al., 2007). Along with the child-related symptoms of maternal
psychological distress, maternal anxiety and depression are known to compromise
maternal sensitivity, synchrony and parent-child interaction (Field, 2011). Enhanced
identification of maternal anxiety and depression during pregnancy would improve
prevention and intervention efforts and consequently reduce symptoms of anxiety and
depression throughout pregnancy. The reduction of anxiety and depressive symptoms
during pregnancy could provide long-term benefits for both the mother and child as
well as the rest of the family (Glover, 2014).

1

Korja et al. (2018) concluded in their study on courses of prenatal depressive and
anxiety symptoms that it may be that not only the chronicity of maternal distress
symptoms, but also affiliated risk factors play an important role when the offspring
outcomes are considered. Although prenatal anxiety and depression affect many
women and have been shown to influence child development and well-being, little is
still known about risk factors early in pregnancy predicting anxiety/depressive
symptoms later in pregnancy. Identification of such risk factors would enable
interventions supporting maternal psychological well-being to be focused on the most
vulnerable mothers. Transition into motherhood is a challenging period involving
significant physical and psychological changes (Teixera et al., 2009), making pregnant
women more vulnerable to the negative effects of life events (Priya et al., 2018).
Studies have indicated significant associations between high levels of experienced
stress and anxiety/depression among pregnant women (Van Heyningen et al., 2017).
Many background factors, such as history of previous psychological disorders, low
socioeconomic status and pregnancy-related somatic risk factors increase the risk for
prenatal anxiety or depression (Ibanez et al., 2012). Socioeconomic burden and
demands of everyday life have been found to be associated with parental psychiatric
symptoms not only during the postnatal period, but also during the prenatal period
(Leinonen et al., 2002). Furthermore, depressive symptoms during early pregnancy
have been found to predict later depressive symptoms (Rallis et al., 2014). One other
factor potentially related to maternal anxiety and depression is maternal cognitive
ability (Gale et al., 2012), which is at the focus in the present study.
Mild difficulties with cognitive functions, such as problems with attention,
concentration and working memory are often found in patients with anxiety and
depression (Shilyansky et al., 2016). Kataja et al. (2017) found that anxiety and
depression during pregnancy was related to lower performance on a task related to
visuospatial working memory and operational control. People with high cognitive
abilities are expected to have better self- help skills (Ross, 1972) and deal more
actively when faced with stress (Cederblad et al., 1995). Luthar (1991) found that
cognition can also play a role in internal affective symptomatology when levels of
stress increase. A meta-analysis with 8191 participants by Gale et al. (2012) supported

2

the notion of a significant association between well-being and cognition in general.
These results raise the question of whether maternal cognitive capacity could moderate
the association between experienced stress in the beginning of pregnancy and
anxiety/depression in the end of pregnancy. Parental cognitive functions have rather
seldom been assessed in larger-scale studies (Pechtel & Pizzagalli, 2011), perhaps due
to limited study resources (Fredrickson et al., 2010). The association between
psychiatric symptoms and cognition in the general population has been widely studied,
but research focusing on pregnancy is scarce (Kingston & Tough, 2014).

1.1

Aims of the study

The aim of this study is to explore the association between experienced daily stress in
the beginning of pregnancy and anxiety/depression in the end of pregnancy. In addition
to this, the aim was to examine the possible role of maternal cognitive functions as a
moderator of that association. The structure of the study is presented in Figure 1. It
was hypothesized that higher levels of experienced stress early in pregnancy would be
related to higher anxiety/depressive symptoms later in pregnancy. Furthermore, it was
hypothesized that good maternal cognitive functions can act as a protective factor,
weakening the association between experienced stress early in pregnancy and
anxiety/depression later in pregnancy. Research on this topic is central for early
identification of mothers at risk for developing anxiety/depression during pregnancy.
Effective identification of these mothers at an early stage in pregnancy would enable
interventions targeting these mothers at an early stage of symptomatology.

3

Maternal
cognition
Anxiety and
depression
at the end of
pregnancy

Experienced
stress during
early
pregnancy

Figure 1.
The structure of the study.

2

2.1

Method

Participants

The sample (N = 275) was drawn from the FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study
(www.finnbrain.fi), consisting of approximately 4000 participating families. The
FinnBrain study started in 2011 at the University of Turku. The sample was recruited
through convenience sampling at maternity clinics in Turku, in the nearby
municipalities and at the Åland islands at the time of the families’ first ultrasonography
at gestational week (gwk) 12. In addition to a verified pregnancy, inclusion criteria
were sufficient knowledge of Swedish or Finnish. Exclusion criteria were severe
malformation revealed during ultrasound or miscarriage before gwk 25. Participation
was voluntary and no compensation was provided (Karlsson et al., 2018).
Approximately 85-90% of the mothers in the FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study reported
low levels of anxiety or depression during pregnancy. Only 1-2 % of the mothers in
the FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study sample experienced continuously high levels of
anxiety or depressive symptoms throughout the pregnancy (Korja et al., 2018). A focus
cohort was established to compare mothers consistently reporting psychological
distress symptoms to their matched non-exposed controls. This case control study
divided the participants into the highest and lowest 25th percentiles what comes to
4

psychological symptoms. The present study encompassed 50 mothers from the focus
cohort, 104 mothers from the control cohort and 121 mothers from in between these
highest and lowest 25th percentiles of psychological symptoms (Karlsson et al., 2018).
The mothers included in the present study had filled out the stress-related Daily
Hassles questionnaire as well as the psychiatric questionnaires regarding
anxiety/depression in the beginning and in the end of pregnancy. In addition to this
they had taken part in the neuropsychological measurements at the FinnBrain research
facility in Turku.
The background variables of the participants (educational level, age, parity,
occupation, and income level, see Table 1) were drawn from the questionnaires filled
out at gwk 14. The majority of the mothers in the sample were expecting their first
child as well as working during this point of time. Educational level was categorized
into three classes: secondary diploma or lower (high school), polytechnic degree, and
undergraduate or higher (Karlsson et al., 2018). A large proportion of the participants
were highly educated; 74.6% had continued education after high school.

5

Table 1.
Demographic characteristics of the study sample
Total sample N = 275
Mean Age at labor (range)
Education (%)

Monthly income after taxes (%)

Number of previous births (%)

Occupation (%)

2.2

30.8 (19-45)
Secondary diploma or lower

25.5

Polytechnic

29.1

Undergraduate or higher

45.5

< 1500

36.0

1501-2500

52.4

2501-3500

10.5

> 3501

1.1

0

54.2

1

30.5

2

12.7

3

2.2

4

0.4

Working

74.9

Studying

8.7

Mother’s leave

9.1

Unemployed

4.0

Other

2.5

Procedure

Ethical permission was obtained from the Joint Ethics Committee of the Turku
University Hospital and the University of Turku. Written consent was required from
each participant before the test sessions at the FinnBrain research facility in Turku.
The neuropsychological measures included in this study were chosen due to their
different scope of cognition, adding up to a comprehensive whole. Maternal cognitive
functions were measured with a part of the CogState test battery (www.cogstate.com)

6

and the Verbal Comprehension Index (VCI) from Weschler Adult Intelligence Scale
IV (WAIS-IV). Cognitive assessments took place in a quiet room in the FinnBrain
Child Development and Parental Functioning Lab in Turku under the supervision of a
psychology student. The tasks of the CogState battery were presented on a computer.
Practice sessions were provided until the required amount of correct responses was
reached or until the practice time was completed. The test battery took approximately
45 minutes to complete and feedback was provided to all participants. WAIS-IV was
completed by paper and pen and administered by two psychology students trained and
supervised by a senior researcher from the Department of Psychology at the University
of Turku. The test battery took approximately 90 minutes to complete (Kataja et al.,
2017).
Experienced daily stress was measured at gwk 14 and gwk 34 with the modified ”Daily
Hassles” scale (Korpela et al., 2008). Anxiety and depression were also measured at
gwk 14 and gwk 34, with the Anxiety Subscale out of the Symptom Checklist Scale 90 (Derogatis et al., 1973) as well as the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (Cox
et al., 1987). The Daily Hassles questionnaire (DH), Edinburgh Postnatal Depression
Scale (EPDS), and the Anxiety Subscale out of the Symptom Checklist Scale- 90
(SCL-90/AS) were sent home to the study participants by mail and could be filled in
by hand or electronically.

2.3

2.3.1

Measures

Daily Hassles (DH)

The modified Daily Hassles questionnaire (Korpela et al., 2008), contains assessment
of the experienced amount of daily worrying and joy for the last three months, covering
relationships, work, money, work around the house, news, and the use of drugs,
alcohol or tobacco. The participants were asked to rate their perceived amount of
worrying and joy for each of the included areas of life on a scale from zero to three.

7

The present study included five items out of the worrying part of the questionnaire.
The items concerning joy were excluded due to their irrelevance for the present study.
The five separate items chosen for the analysis were worrying related to relationships,
work, money, work around the house and news. The item concerning addictions was
eliminated due to its inapplicability for mothers during pregnancy.

2.3.2

CogState

The CogState test battery consists of tests measuring so-called fluid intelligence,
which is thought to be biologically driven and rather consistent throughout life. This
form of intelligence encompasses skills such as executive functioning and memory
(Cattell, 1987). The CogState test battery was selected for the longitudinal FinnBrain
Birth Cohort Study because it enables running repeated measurements without
significant practice effects. CogState has been designed to measure executive
functioning, learning, memory, visuomotor functioning, processing speed, attention
and social cognition (Maruff et al., 2009). Evidence suggests a cross-cultural
equivalence of performance on the tasks included in the battery (Yoshida et al., 2011).
CogState represents a time efficient, accurate and reliable testing method for large
groups due to its computerization (Pietrzak et al., 2009).
The primary outcome measures recommended by the CogState research manual were
used (CogState, 2011), with the exception of the One Back task where the second
outcome measure of reaction time was used instead of the primary outcome measure
of accuracy. This decision was made to increase inter-individual variation as error rates
were low on the primary outcome measure of the task. The seven tasks used in the
present study are presented below. All the card tasks in the CogState battery refer to
standard 52-card decks.
Continuous Paired Associate Learning Test (CPAL). This test measures the ability to
encode associations between locations and figures into memory. Firstly, the participant
is taught the hidden locations of two differently shaped and colored figures beneath
circles on the screen. After that the participant is taught where the other eight figures
are located on the screen. As figures are shown at the center of the screen, the
8

participant is to find the matching figure by clicking on the circle beneath which it is
hidden. The same procedure continues throughout the seven rounds of the test.
Incorrect responses result in an error sound. The CPAL is considered to measure
executive functions and learning (Harel et al., 2011). The outcome measure was
accuracy of performance measured by the amount of correct responses (CogState,
2016). Kataja et al. (2017) reported moderate correlations between CPAL and the
WAIS-IV Matrix Reasoning Task, supporting the validity of the test.
Detection Test (DET). This test consists of 35 trials in which the participant is to
answer the question “Has the card turned over?” by pressing “yes” as soon as the
playing card turns. The participant is instructed to answer as fast and as accurate as
possible. Errors are followed by a sound. DET measures psychomotor functioning and
reaction time. The outcome measure was response speed in milliseconds (Cogstate,
2016). The construct validity of the test is demonstrated by significant correlations
with the Visual Reproduction-Initial Recall from the Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised
(Hammers et al., 2012).
Groton Maze Learning Test (GML). The participant is to find a hidden pathway of 28
steps and 11 turns in a 10x10 grid of tiles. The participant moves from the upper left
corner to the lower right corner by clicking the tiles, which show green if the choice
of the path is correct, or red if the choice of the path is incorrect. The participant has
to follow the following rules: do not move backwards, do not touch the same tile twice,
do not move diagonally, and return to the last correct tile when an error is made. GML
is considered to measure executive functions and visuospatial learning/memory
(Pietrzak et al., 2007). The outcome variable was the total number of errors made in
attempting to learn the same hidden pathway on five consecutive trials at a single
session (CogState, 2016). GML has good convergent validity with traditional
neuropsychological tests measuring attention, working memory, and learning as well
as error monitoring, such as the WAIS-IV Working Memory Index and the Benton test
(Pietrzak et al., 2008; Pietrzak et al., 2009).
Identification Test (IDN). In this task, the participant is to make a yes/no decision to
the question “Is the card red?” as fast and as accurate as possible after the card is turned

9

during 30 trials. An error is indicated by a sound. The IDN measures reaction time,
visual attention and vigilance. The outcome variable was reaction time in milliseconds
(CogState, 2016). The construct validity of IDN is supported through significant
correlations with the Benton Visual Form Discrimination test (Hammers et al., 2012).
International Shopping List Test (ISL). In this test, the participant is instructed to
remember a shopping list consisting of 12 items that is read out loud to them by the
test leader. Afterwards the participant is asked to recall the items. This procedure is
repeated three times with the same list. ISL is considered to measure verbal memory.
The outcome variable was the total number of correct responses (CogState, 2016). The
validity of ISL is supported through studies showing strong correlations with the
Hopkins Verbal Learning Test Revised (Pietrzak et al., 2009). ISL has been found not
to correlate with the verbal tasks from the Weschler Adult intelligence Scale IV,
indicating its independence from acquired language abilities (Kataja et al., 2017).
One Back Task (OBK). The participant is to make a yes/no decision to the question “Is
the previous card the same?” as fast and accurately as possible during 31 trials. A
sound is given to indicate errors. OBK measures attention and working memory. The
outcome variable is reaction time in milliseconds (CogState, 2011). The validity of
OBK is supported by significant correlations with the Digit Symbol Test from the
WAIS-R (Hammers et al., 2012).
One Card Learning Test (OCL). Here the participant is to make a yes/no answer to the
question “Have you seen this card before?” as fast and as accurate as possible. A sound
is given after each error. The task uses six different randomly selected cards that are
repeated and ended after 42 trials. OCL measures attention and visual recognition
memory. The outcome variable is reaction time in milliseconds. (CogState, 2011). The
construct validity of OCL is supported by significant correlations with Digit Span
Backward from the WAIS-R (Hammers et al., 2012).

10

2.3.3

Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale IV- Verbal Comprehension Index
(WAIS-IV VCI)

The WAIS-IV is a widely used intelligence measure for adults because of its high
reliability and vast norming and standardization procedures. The test battery is
comprised of 10 core subtests providing four index scores. These are the Verbal
Comprehension index, the Perceptual Reasoning index, the Working Memory index
and the Processing Speed index. The Verbal Comprehension Index was chosen out of
the four existing indexes from WAIS-IV to measure so-called crystallized intelligence,
which is thought to develop during life, correlating with education level and verbal
experience (Cattell, 1987). The Verbal Comprehension Index is made up of three
subtests: Vocabulary, Information and Similarities. The Vocabulary test measures
ability to define words, while the Similarities test measures the ability to define
similarities between objects. The items of these two tests are scored according to the
test manual by points ranging from 0-2. The Information subtest measures general
knowledge and the ability to verbalize it. The test items are scored according to the
test manual by points ranging from 0-1 (Wechsler, 2012).

2.3.4

Symptom Checklist -90/Anxiety Subscale (SCL-90/AS)

Subjective prenatal anxiety of the mothers was measured using the Anxiety Subscale
out of the SCL-90. Out of the altogether 90 items in the Symptom Checklist Scale-90
(SCL-90), ten items concerning anxiety are used in the Anxiety Subscale. The Anxiety
Subscale is thought to be a reliable and valid measure of anxiety symptoms in both
clinical and research settings. It has demonstrated a good internal consistency with
Cronbach’s alphas ranging from .83 to .85. The questions of the subscale are rated on
a scale from 0 to 4 points. (Derogatis et al., 1973). The maximum score is 40 and the
FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study used the total sum score cut-off points of ≥ 10 and ≤ 4
for “cases” and “controls” respectively (Karlsson et al., 2018).

11

2.3.5

Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS)

EPDS is a well-studied subjective rating scale used both in prenatal and postnatal
subjective evaluation of depression (Gibson et al., 2009), as well as in subjective
evaluation of depression in the general public (Becht et al., 2001). It has been
developed to identify and estimate the risk for postnatal maternal depression and has
demonstrated a good internal consistency with Cronbach’s alpha ranging from .82 to
.84 (Cox et al., 1996). EPDS consists of 10 questions which are answered on a fourpoint Likert scale, each of which can be rated between 0-3 points. The maximum score
of the questionnaire is 30 points, of which 12 points or higher is regarded as above
normal (Cox et al., 1987). The FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study used the total sum score
cut-off points of ≥ 12 and ≤ 6 for “cases” and “controls” respectively (Karlsson et al.,
2018).

2.4

Data Analysis

The statistical analyses were performed using the IBM SPSS 25 Statistical Program
for Social Sciences. The CogState completion and integrity pass rates were calculated
prior to the statistical analyses to ensure the reliability of the data in a non-clinical
population (CogState, 2011). The large sample size motivated to accept the assumption
of normality and the use of parametric tests (see e.g. Field, 2013). The data was
checked for outliers, and missing values have been imputed according to mean
imputation.
The CogState subtests as well as SCL-90/AS and EPDS were standardized to the data
by setting the sample mean in each task to zero with a spread of  1 standard deviation.
The subtests OBK, IDN, DET, GML and CPAL were transformed so that higher
values indicate better performance on all subtests before they were summed up. The
summative score of the standardized CogState subtests was used as a continuous
variable in the analyses. The data from the WAIS-IV VCI subtests was also
summarized into a continuous variable used in the data analyses. The summarized
Daily Hassles variable was not standardized because the questions were all on the same
scale from the start. The Daily Hassles questionnaire was transformed so that higher

12

values indicate more experienced daily stress in line with the structure of the SCL90/AS and EPDS questionnaires. The five included items from the Daily Hassles
questionnaire were combined into a continuous variable of experienced daily stress for
the analyses.
Pearson product-moment correlations were calculated to study the association between
SCL-90/AS and EPDS (r = .55, p < .001). Their intercorrelation motivated the
combination of these standardized psychiatric measures into a single variable of
“Psychological Distress”. The Psychological Distress variable was used as a
continuous variable in the data analyses. The correlation between CogState and WAISIV VCI was low (r = .22, p = .003), hereby motivating to keep these tests as two
separate variables for the moderation analysis. The correlations between the variables
of Daily Hassles and Psychological Distress at the beginning of pregnancy (r = .43, p
< .001) and in the end of pregnancy (r = .44, p < .001), indicating a shared variance of
less than 20%, prompted to keep these measures separate. These correlations are
presented in Table 2.
The main association of interest between experienced stress in the beginning of
pregnancy, and anxiety/depression in the end of pregnancy, was tested with a bivariate
Pearson product-moment correlation analysis between Daily Hassles (gwk 14) and
Psychological Distress (gwk 34). A multiple regression analysis, with cognitive
performance as a moderator, was used to examine the impact of maternal cognition on
this association. The enter method was used, with the variables Education, Age, Daily
Hassles and CogState/WAIS-IV VCI entered in different steps to predict the outcome
of Psychological Distress.

2.5

Descriptive Statistics

Descriptive statistics (means, standard deviations and ranges) were calculated for
Daily Hassles, WAIS-IV VCI, CogState, and the questionnaires of Psychological
Distress.

13

The mothers included in the sample reported daily stress levels between 0-12 out of a
maximum of 15. The mean level of experienced daily stress was fairly low (M = 5.73,
SD = 1.99). The mothers’ verbal comprehension performance was representative of
the general Finnish population (M = 101.57, SD = 15.54) according to Finnish norms
(Wechsler, 2012). The CogState task performances of the present sample fall within
the normal range (1SD) of CogState normative data for the age groups of 18-34 and
35-49 from studies of healthy participants from North and South America, Europe,
Australia and Asia. The CogState results were above the normative mean in all tasks
except for the Groton Maze Learning Test (CogState, 2014). The mothers in the
present study reported low levels of depression (M = 4.07, SD = 3.68), with a range
from 0 to 17 out of a maximum of 30 points on the EPDS. The reported levels of
anxiety on the SCL-90/AS were also low (M = 2.33, SD = 3.08), with a range from 018 out of a maximum of 40 points on the scale.
The sample size was larger for the CogState measures (N =275) compared to the
WAIS-IV VCI measures (N =189). This is due to the data being part of the Finnbrain
Birth Cohort Study, where only 189 results of the WAIS-IV were needed for the
analyses conducted in another earlier study. The sample size of the Daily Hassles
questionnaire, which was sent out to the participants in the beginning of pregnancy
was 273. The sample size for the psychiatric measures, sent out to the participants at
the end of pregnancy, was 257 for SCL and 258 for EPDS. The missing answers are
explained by some of the participants failing to return the questionnaires.

3

3.1

Results

Correlation Analysis

Prior to the regression analyses presented below, correlation analyses were conducted
to examine the bivariate relationships between WAIS-IV VCI, CogState, Daily
Hassles (gwk14/43) and Psychological Distress (gwk14/34). The correlation between
Daily Hassles at gwk 14 and Psychological Distress at gwk 34 was of main interest
14

because of the aim of the study. The CogState task completion rate and integrity pass
rate were 100%. Table 2 presents the correlations.
The correlation of main interest between Daily Hassles in the beginning of pregnancy
and Psychological Distress at the end of pregnancy was significant (r = .42, p < .001);
higher levels of experienced daily stress in gwk 14 was related to more anxiety and
depressive symptoms in gwk 34. Significant intercorrelations were found between all
the questions of the Daily Hassles questionnaire and both questionnaires of
Psychological Distress. The strongest correlations were found between worrying about
relationships and EPDS (r = .31, p < .001) as well as worrying about money and EPDS
(r = .25, p < .001). The correlations between Daily Hassles and SCL-90/AS were in
line with the findings concerning Daily Hassles and EPDS. The strongest correlations
were found between SCL-90/AS and worrying about relationships (r = .25, p < .001)
as well as SCL-90/AS and worrying about money (r = .14, p = .03).
Psychological Distress in the beginning of pregnancy also correlated significantly with
Daily Hassles in the end of pregnancy (r = .37, p < .001); higher levels of anxiety and
depressive symptoms in gwk 14 was related to more experienced daily stress in gwk
34. The correlations between Daily Hassles in the beginning and end of pregnancy (r
= .53, p < .001) as well as Psychological Distress in the beginning and end of
pregnancy were high (r = .60, p < 0.001); higher levels of experienced daily stress as
well as anxiety/ depressive symptoms in gwk 14 was related to more experienced daily
stress and anxiety/depressive symptoms in gwk 34, respectively. WAIS-IV VCI and
CogState showed small negative correlations with Psychological Distress in the end
of pregnancy (r = - .07, p = .37; - .15, p = .02) respectively; higher levels of maternal
cognitive performance was related to less anxiety/depressive symptoms in gwk 34,
while only the correlations between CogState and Psychological Distress were
significant.

15

Table 2.
Correlation analysis between WAIS-IV VCI, CogState, Daily Hassles gwk 14/34, and
Psychological Distress gwk 14/34
1

2

3

4

5

6

1. WAIS-IV VCI
2. CogState

0.22**

3. DH gwk 14

0.04

-0.09

4. PD gwk 14

-0.14

-0.14*

0.43**

5. DH gwk 34

0.06

-0.01

0.53**

0.37**

6. PD gwk 34

-0.07

-0.15*

0.42**

0.60**

0.44**

Note. DH= Daily Hassles; PD= Psychological Distress; ** = p < .001, * = p = .02, Greater
values on the variables entail more experienced daily stress/psychological distress/better cognitive
performance.

3.2

Moderation Analysis

Because of the indications of small correlations between CogState, WAIS-IV VCI,
and Psychological Distress during pregnancy, these associations were further
examined through a linear multiple regression. The collinearity diagnostics qualified
the use of the data for modelling, as the tolerance values for CogState ranged between
.82 - .98 and the VIF values between 1.02 – 1.22. Same applies for the WAIS-IV VCI
as the tolerance values ranged between .77 – .99 and the VIF values between 1.01 –
1.30. A three-stage hierarchical multiple regression was conducted with Psychological
Distress as the dependent variable. At stage 1, Education and Age of the mothers were
entered to control for the influence of these demographic variables. At stage 2, Daily
Hassles and the measures of cognition (CogState/WAIS-IV VCI) were entered. At
stage 3, the interaction between cognition and Daily Hassles (i.e., the moderation
effect) was introduced to the model. The regression statistics are reported separately
for CogState in Table 3, as well as for WAIS-IV VCI in Table 4.

16

Table 3.
Moderation analysis of the impact of CogState on the association between Daily
Hassles in the beginning of pregnancy and Psychological Distress in the end of
pregnancy when controlling for Education and Age
Variable

𝛽

t

𝑠𝑟 2

Step 1
Education

-0.11

-1.66

0.01

Age

0.03

0.49

0.00

Step 2
Education

-0.09

-1.40

0.01

Age

0.01

0.07

0.00

Daily Hassles

0.41

7.13

0.16***

CogState

-0.08

-1.30

0.01

Step 3
Education

-0.09

-1.42

0.01

Age

0.01

0.10

0.00

Daily Hassles

0.41

7.06

0.16***

CogState

-0.08

-1.31

0.01

DH x CogState

0.02

0.30

0.00

𝑅2

∆𝑅 2

0.10

0.01

0.01

0.44

0.19

0.18***

0.44

0.19

0.00

R

Note. N =258, DH = Daily Hassles, *** = p < .001

The hierarchical multiple regression conducted with CogState as the moderator (Table
3) revealed that at stage one, Education and Age did not contribute significantly to the
regression model, F(2,255) = 1.37, p = .26, accounting for only 1.1% of the variation
in Psychological Distress. Introducing Daily Hassles and cognition at stage two
explained an additional 17.8% of the variation in Psychological Distress, and this
change was significant, F(2,253) = 27.85, p < .001. At stage two of the regression
model, Daily Hassles was the only significant predictor of Psychological Distress,
uniquely explaining 16.0% of the variation in Psychological Distress. Adding the
interaction to the regression model at stage three did not improve the model at all, ∆R2
= 0.00, F(1,252) = .091, p = .76. Together the five predictors accounted for 18.9% of
the variance in Psychological Distress.

17

Table 4.
Moderation analysis of the impact of WAIS-IV VCI on the association between Daily
Hassles in the beginning of pregnancy and Psychological Distress in the end of
pregnancy when controlling for Education and Age
Variable

𝛽

t

𝑠𝑟 2

Step 1
Education

-0.13

-1.70

0.02

Age

0.09

1.13

0.01

Step 2
Education

-0.12

-1.58

0.01

Age

0.06

0.84

0.00

Daily Hassles

0.44

6.45

0.19***

WAIS-IV VCI

-0.05

-0.62

0.00

Step 3
Education

-0.13

-1.74

0.01

Age

0.07

0.99

0.00

Daily Hassles

0.44

6.50

0.19***

WAIS-IV VCI

-0.05

-0.66

0.00

DH x WAIS-IV VCI

0.10

1.54

0.01

𝑅2

∆𝑅 2

0.14

0.02

0.02

0.46

0.21

0.19***

0.47

0.22

0.01

R

Note. N =179, DH= Daily Hassles, *** = p < .001

The hierarchical multiple regression conducted with WAIS-IV VCI as the moderator
(Table 4) revealed that at stage one, Education and Age did not contribute significantly
to the regression model, F(2,176) = 1.69, p = .19, accounting for only 1.9% of the
variation in Psychological Distress. Introducing Daily Hassles and Cognition at stage
two explained an additional 19.1% of the variation in Psychological Distress and this
change was significant, F(2,174) = 20.97, p < .001. At stage two of the model, Daily
Hassles was the only significant predictor of Psychological Distress, uniquely
explaining 19.1% of the variation in Psychological Distress. Adding the interaction
term to the regression model at stage three explained an additional 1.1% of the
variation in Psychological Distress, F(1,173) = 2.37, p = .13. Together the five
independent variables accounted for 22.0% of the variance in Psychological Distress.

18

Altogether, when looking at the predictive value of Daily Hassles on Psychological
Distress, 17.6% of the variance in Psychological Distress was explained by variance
in Daily Hassles. Figure 2 presents the scatterplot of this association.

Figure 2.
Illustration of the interaction between Daily Hassles in the beginning of pregnancy
and Psychological Distress in the end of pregnancy.
All in all, according to the multiple hierarchical regression analyses, cognitive level as
measured by CogState or WAIS-IV VCI does not significantly moderate the
association between Daily Hassles and Psychological Distress. Out of the individual
predictors, Daily Hassles was the only one reaching statistical significance in any of
the regression models.

19

4

Discussion

The present study set out to examine the impact of maternal cognition on the
relationship between daily experiences of stress in the beginning of pregnancy and
anxiety/depression at the end of pregnancy. The rationale behind this is that early
identification of mothers at risk for developing anxiety and depression at the end of
pregnancy would be important to enable early interventions targeted at these mothers.
The results of this study showed a significant association between the Daily Hassles
questionnaire at early pregnancy and the Psychological Distress variable at late
pregnancy. This implies that it is possible to use stress-related self-report
questionnaires at early stages of pregnancy to identify mothers who are at risk for
developing anxiety/depression later on. At the same time, the possible moderating
effect of maternal cognitive level on this association was examined, but no moderating
effect was found.
Although the present study failed to find an effect of cognition on the association
between experienced daily stress levels and anxiety/depression during pregnancy, the
association between the Daily Hassles questionnaire early in pregnancy and the
Psychological Distress variable later in pregnancy (r = .37, p < .001) has important
implications. As mentioned in the introduction, prenatal anxiety and depression are
amongst the most common disorders affecting women today (Kartal & Oskay, 2017;
Fairbrother et al., 2015), accompanied with long-term harming effects on the mother
and child as well as the rest of the family (Glover, 2014). In regard of the association
found between experienced daily stress during early pregnancy and late pregnancy
anxiety and depression, the use of simple screening questionnaires such as the Daily
Hassles questionnaire in the beginning of pregnancy should be considered. In line with
the aim of this study, this could enhance the identification of mothers in risk of
developing anxiety or depression during pregnancy, and thereby prompt early
interventions. Early assessments and interventions of maternal mental health problems
should be of interest for families, as well as society as a whole.
The association found between experienced daily stress early in pregnancy and
anxiety/depression later in pregnancy was supported by the results of the regression

20

analysis, indicating that the only significant predictor of Psychological Distress in the
end of pregnancy was Daily Hassles in the beginning of pregnancy. The correlation
analysis further showed that from the beginning of pregnancy to the end of pregnancy,
pre-post levels of Daily Hassles (r = .53, p < .001) as well as Psychological distress (r
= .60, p < .001) were strongly correlated. These correlations state the cross- and
interrelatedness of experienced daily stress, anxiety and depression during pregnancy.
The latter correlation is supported by the results of the Korja et al., (2018) study, which
found that maternal anxiety and depression levels in the beginning and end of
pregnancy are highly correlated. These results indicate that anxiety/depressive
symptoms are fairly consistant throughout pregnancy and highlight the possibility of
identifying mothers at risk for developing psychological distress at the end of
pregnancy by using EPDS and SCL-90/AS in the beginning of pregnancy.
Recent studies suggest that anxiety and depressive symptoms as well as the biological
stress response can be reduced during the peripartum period by the use of relaxation
techniques, psychoeducation and cognitive-behavioral interventions (Bittner et al.,
2014). Treatment studies suggest that cognitive-behavioral therapy, interpersonal
therapy (Goodman et al., 2014), and/or medication might improve maternal distress
and offspring outcomes (Wisner et al., 2009). Social support, partnership satisfaction,
self-esteem and self-efficacy have been related to peripartum anxiety and depression,
being thus relevant factors when considering early interventions in women at risk for
developing psychological distress (Mendelson et al., 2013). The present study found
the strongest correlations between worrying about relationships and money in
connection with anxiety and depressive symptoms, highlighting the importance of
economic support during pregnancy as well as the support of maternal relationships.
Previous studies have found an association between cognition and psychological
distress in the general population (e.g. Gale et al., 2012; Shilyanski et al., 2016), but
research focusing on the effect of cognition on psychological distress in pregnant
women is scarce (Kingston & Tough, 2014). According to the analyses of the present
study, cognitively lower-performing mothers are not more likely to develop more
anxiety and depressive symptoms related to daily experiences of stress than
cognitively higher-performing mothers. Based on the present results, it is important to

21

direct help to all mothers experiencing stress in addition to anxiety/depressive
symptoms in the beginning of pregnancy, regardless of their cognitive capabilities.
An advantage of the present study is its sample size encompassing of 275 participants,
allowing for detection of even smaller associations between variables. The limitations
of the study mainly lie in the fact that the data had been gathered in the context of a
larger cohort study. Therefore, the measures used were not optimized for the aims of
this study in regard to for example repeated measures and balanced samples. The
cognitive measurements of the present study were done only once. Hereby, changes in
cognitive performance and their potential co-variation with Psychological Distress
during pregnancy remain open. The cognitive performance of the mothers prior to
pregnancy is also unknown and longitudinal conclusions about the impact of cognition
on psychological distress can not be made.
The homogeneity of the sample concerning education level and levels of psychological
distress raises questions concerning the generalizability of the results to both clinical
populations as well as the general population. The CogState test battery is considered
to measure fluid intelligence, which is thought to be biologically driven (Cattell, 1987),
and the correlation between CogState and education in this sample was low (r = .241,
p < .001). The education level of the mothers might hereby lack significance on the
results. Education was also controlled for in the multiple hierarchical regression
analysis. The mothers reported low levels of anxiety symptoms (M = 2.33/maximum
of 40), symptoms of depression (M = 4.07/maximum of 30;), as well as fairly low
levels of experienced daily stress (M = 5.73/ maximum of 15). However, the sample
consisted of mothers reporting high, low and medium amounts of anxiety/depressive
symptoms, derived from the original FinnBrain Birth Cohort Study sample, making
the participants somewhat diverse in regard of psychological distress.
The reliability and validity of the measurements is important to consider. As was noted
in chapter 2.3.2, previous research on CogState has shown adequate reliability
(Pietrzak et al., 2009). However, the results of a study by Hammers et al. (2012)
indicated weak criterion validity, showing that the battery did not succeed in
differentiating between various dementias. Computerized tests have many advantages,

22

such as the possibility to test large amounts of individuals in a short time, the ability
of precise measurements, and easier administration procedures. Computerized test
performance is, however, influenced by whether the test is completed in the manner
intended by the developer, aspects of the technological devices, as well as personal
qualities of the participants (Bauer et al., 2012). The validity of the psychiatric
measures is also worth considering due to their subjective format. Self-report
questionnaires are effective when gathering information from a big sample, but their
reliability is lower than for example the reliability of self-report questionnaires
combined with clinical interviewing. It is important to remember the possible
difference between experienced and actual stress as well as the possibility of
exaggeration or belittling of symptoms when self-reporting.
While the mothers’ levels of anxiety and depressive symptoms in the end of pregnancy
were not influenced by their cognition in this sample, this should be studied further.
Follow-up measurements of cognition and psychological distress are in progress at the
FinnBrain Birth Cohort project at the moment, allowing for observation of changes in
cognition and psychological well-being in the mothers. In future studies on this topic,
samples consisting of heterogenic mothers in regard of education level and
psychological distress would be of interest. This would heighten the possibility of
generalizing the results to both the clinical and general population.
In summary, the present study found evidence for an association between experienced
daily stress in the beginning of pregnancy and psychological distress in the end of
pregnancy. Higher levels of experienced daily stress at early pregnancy was associated
with higher levels of anxiety/depressive symptoms at late pregnancy. These findings
support the use of stress screening questionnaires such as the Daily Hassles
questionnaire in addition to psychiatric questionnaires such as EPDS and SCL-90/AS
in the beginning of pregnancy, to better identify and help mothers at risk for
developing anxiety or depression during pregnancy. Early assessment and
interventions are important for decreasing long-term harming effects of prenatal
anxiety and depression (Glover, 2014), affecting many women and their families today
(Kartal & Oskay, 2017; Fairbrother et al., 2015). The results highlight the importance
of economic support in addition to the previously recommended social support

23

(Mendelson et al., 2013), relaxation techniques, psychoeducation (Bittner et al., 2014),
various therapies (Bittner et al., 2014; Goodman et al., 2014) and medication (Wisner
et al., 2009). The findings did not support the assumption of high cognitive levels
serving as a protective factor against psychological distress in pregnant mothers. Thus,
they highlight the importance of directing help to all mothers experiencing high levels
of stress, anxiety and/or depressive symptoms in early pregnancy, regardless of their
cognitive performance levels. The limitations of the study mainly lie in the fact of the
data being a part of a larger study, thus not being optimized for the aims of the present
study. Further limitations comprise the generalizability of the sample in regard of its
good cognitive performance levels as well as low levels of anxiety and depression.
The limitations of computerized testing and self-report questionnaires are also
important to consider. An important aspect for future studies is to examine samples
that are more heterogenous in regard of cognitive performance- and psychological
distress levels.

24

Swedish summary/ Svensk sammanfattning:
Inverkar mammans kognitiva funktionsförmåga på förhållandet mellan upplevd
stress under den tidiga graviditeten och ångest/depression senare under
graviditeten?

Introduktion
Prenatal ångest och depression hör till de mest allmänna psykiska störningar som
drabbar kvinnor (Kartal & Oskay, 2017; Fairbrother et al., 2015). De har skadliga
inverkningar på mammans välmående på lång sikt (Brennan et al., 2000), samt på
utvecklingen av barnet i både foster- och spädbarnsstadiet (DiPietro, 2012). Prenatal
ångest och depression kan dessutom påverka immunologin hos fostret genom
kortisolöverförsel från mamman till barnet. Detta har kopplats till framtida
neuropsykiatriska störningar (Knuesel et al., 2014). Utöver detta har prenatal ångest
och depression kopplats till bland annat tidigarelagd födsel samt beteendemässiga och
emotionella problem hos barnet (Lazinski et al., 2008). Dessa symtom kan fortgå
genom utvecklingen till vuxenåldern (Talge et al., 2007) och påverka mammans
sensitivitet och interaktionen med barnet (Field, 2011). De flertaliga hälsoeffekter som
prenatal ångest och depression kan medföra för mamman och barnet understryker
betydelsen av tidig identifiering inom hälsovården av mammor med förhöjd risk för
ångest/depression under graviditeten. Denna tidiga identifiering skulle möjliggöra
tidigare interventioner för mammor som utvecklar ångest/depression under
graviditeten, vilket skulle inverka positivt på hela familjens mående. (Glover, 2014).
Trots att omfattande negativa följder för mammans och barnets hälsa har kopplats till
prenatal ångest och depression, finns det få studier att tillgå gällande riskfaktorer för
ångest och depression under graviditeten. Identifieringen av riskfaktorer skulle
möjliggöra effektiverad vård genom att fokusera stödåtgärder på de mammor som
ligger i riskzonen för att utveckla ångest och depression. Graviditeten anses vara en
utmanande period, som innefattar betydande fysiska och psykiska förändringar
(Teixera et al., 2009), vilket gör gravida kvinnor sårbara inför negativa livshändelser
(Priya et al., 2018). Tidigare psykiska störningar, låg socioekonomisk status, och
somatiska faktorer förknippade med graviditeten ökar risken för utvecklingen av

25

ångest eller depression under graviditeten (Ibanez et al., 2012). Det har även dryftats
huruvida kognitiva funktioner hos mamman kan ha koppling till utvecklingen av
ångest och depression under graviditeten (Gale et al., 2012), vilket var i fokus i denna
studie.
Patienter med ångest och depression uppvisar ofta milda kognitiva svårigheter, så som
problem med uppmärksamhet, koncentration och arbetsminnet (Shilyansky et al.,
2016). Tidigare studier har funnit samband mellan goda kognitiva förmågor, bättre
förmågor till självhjälp (Ross, 1972), och aktivare behandlingsstrategier i situationer
av stress (Cederblad et al., 1995). En meta-analys med 8191 försökspersoner gav stöd
för en koppling mellan välmående och kognition bland människor i allmänhet (Gale
et al., 2012). Dessa resultat väcker frågan om huruvida den kognitiva
prestationsförmågan hos gravida kvinnor kunde påverka förhållandet mellan upplevd
stress i början av graviditeten och ångest/depression i slutet av graviditeten. Relationen
mellan psykiatriska symtom och kognition har undersökts flitigt hos den allmänna
befolkningen, men forskningen fokuserad på gravida kvinnor är knapp (Kingston &
Tough, 2012).

Syfte
Syftet med denna studie var att undersöka förhållandet mellan upplevd stress under
den tidiga graviditeten och ångest/depression under slutet av graviditeten. Utöver detta
var syftet att undersöka den möjliga inverkan av mammans kognition som moderator
på detta förhållande. Hypotesen var att det skulle finnas en koppling mellan upplevd
stress i början av graviditeten och ångest-/depressionssymtom i slutet av graviditeten.
Vidare förväntades en god kognitiv kapacitet hos mamman fungera som en skyddande
faktor genom att försvaga sambandet mellan upplevd stress tidigt under graviditeten
och ångest-/depressionssymtom senare under graviditeten. Forskning inom detta ämne
möjliggör tidig identifiering av mammor i riskzonen för att utveckla ångest och
depression under graviditeten. Effektiv identifiering av dessa mammor skulle
möjliggöra tidiga interventioner och därmed kunna minska de negativa effekterna av
ångest/depression under graviditeten.

26

Metod
Samplet i denna studie (N =275) kommer från en kohortstudie vid namnet FinnBrain
(www.finnbrain.fi) med 4000 familjer från Åbo, närliggande kommuner och Åland.
Kohortstudien påbörjades år 2011 och genomförs vid Åbo Universitet. Samplet
samlades in genom bekvämlighetsurval vid moderskapskliniker under familjernas
första ultraljud under graviditetsvecka 12. Deltagandet var frivilligt och ingen
ersättning har erbjudits (Karlsson et al., 2018). Samplet i denna studie bestod av
mammor som deltagit i FinnBrain- studiens neuropsykologiska testningar och svarat
på studiens frågeformulär gällande ångest- och depression samt självskattningen
gällande upplevd daglig stress. Därtill formades samplet så att det inkluderade
mammor med de högsta, lägsta och genomsnittliga psykiatriska symtom utav
mammorna i det ursprungliga FinnBrain Birth Cohort samplet. Enbart 1-2% av
mammorna i det ursprungliga samplet upplevde kontinuerligt höga nivåer av ångest/depressionssymtom under graviditeten (Korja et al., 2018). Majoriteten av mammorna
i denna studie väntade sitt första barn och 74.6% hade fortsatt utbildning efter
gymnasiet. Medelåldern för mammorna var 30.8 år, i ett åldersspann på 19-45 år.
Denna studie erhöll tillstånd av den sammanslagna etiska granskningsnämnden vid
Åbo Universitetssjukhus och Åbo Universitet. De neuropsykologiska måtten
inkluderade i denna studie valdes på basis av deras kapacitet att mäta olika kognitiva
funktioner. Mammornas kognition mättes med en del av CogState testbatteriet
(www.cogstate.com) och Indexet för Verbal Förståelse utifrån Weshler Adult
Intelligence Scale IV (WAIS-IV). De kognitiva mätningarna tog plats i ett tyst rum i
FinnBrains forskningsutrymmen i Åbo och övervakades av en psykologstuderande.
CogState-uppgifterna gjordes på dator och det tog ungefär 45 minuter att genomföra
testbatteriet. WAIS-IV gjordes med hjälp av papper och penna och tog ungefär 90
minuter att genomföra. Upplevd stress mättes under graviditetsvecka 14 och 34 med
ett modifierat ”Daily Hassles” frågeformulär (Korpela et al., 2008). Ångest och
depression mättes under graviditetsvecka 14 och 34 med Edinburgh Postnatal
Depression Scale (EPDS) och en Ångest Underskala från Symptom Checklist Scale-

27

90 (SCL-90/AS). Frågeformulären skickades hem till deltagarna och kunde fyllas i för
hand eller elektroniskt.
Upplevd stress under början av graviditeten mättes med ett modifierat Daily Hassles
frågeformulär (Korpela et al., 2008). Frågeformuläret innefattar självskattad
upplevelse av daglig oro och glädje kopplat till förhållanden, arbete, pengar,
hemsysslor, nyheter, och beroenden. Försökspersonerna ombads kryssa i deras
upplevda nivå av oro och glädje kopplat till de inkluderade livsområdena på en skala
från 0-3. Denna studie inkluderade enbart den delen av formuläret som behandlade
oro, i enlighet med studiens syfte. Endast fem av livsområdena inkluderades eftersom
livsområdet ”beroenden” inte ansågs vara av relevans för gravida kvinnor.
CogState testbatteriet består av deltest avsedda att mäta så kallad flytande intelligens.
Den här formen av intelligens anses vara biologiskt betingad och relativt stabil genom
livet (Cattell, 1987). CogState testbatteriet lämpar sig för upprepade mätningar utan
signifikanta inlärningseffekter. Utöver detta representar testbatteriet ett tidseffektivt,
noggrant och reliabelt mätinstrument för stora försöksgrupper tack vare att det utförs
på dator (Pietrzak et al., 2009). Utav de tretton ursprungliga deltesten valdes sju
stycken för ändamålet av denna studie. Dessa deltest presenteras nedan.
Continuous Paired Associate Learning Test (CPAL). CPAL mäter förmåga att minnas
sambandet mellan olika mönster och deras lägen. Försökspersonen får till att börja
med se två figurer i olika lokaliseringar på en datorskärm. Därefter visas övriga figurer
i tur och ordning och uppgiften blir att hitta den tillhörande figuren genom att trycka
på cirkeln där man tror att paret till figuren är gömd. Samma procedur fortsätter under
sju omgångar. Uppgiften är utformad för att mäta exekutiv funktion och inlärning
(Harel et al., 2011). Resultatvariabeln var antalet korrekta svar (CogState, 2016).
Kriterievaliditeten av uppgiften har fått stöd av korrelation med WAIS-IV uppgiften
matriser (Kataja et al., 2017).
Detection Test (DET). Den här uppgiften består av 35 försök där försökspersonen
ombeds svara på frågan ”Har kortet vänts om?” genom att trycka ”Ja” så fort kortet
har vänts. Instruktionen är att svara så snabbt och noggrant som möjligt. DET mäter
psykomotorisk funktion och reaktionsförmåga. Resultatvariabeln var reaktionstid i
millisekunder. (CogState, 2016). Uppgiftens konstruktvaliditet har fått stöd av

28

korrelation med Visual Reproduction Initial Recall uppgiften från Weschler Memory
Scale-Revised (Hammers et al., 2012)
Groton Maze Learning Test (GML). I denna uppgift ombeds försökspersonen hitta en
gömd rutt bestående av 28 steg och 11 svängar i ett fält bestående av 10x10 plattor.
Försökspersonen rör sig framåt genom att klicka på rutorna som visar grönt ifall valet
är rätt och rött ifall valet av väg är inkorrekt. Försökspersonen måste följa följande
regler: rör dig inte bakåt, vänd inte samma ruta två gånger, rör dig inte diagonalt och
återvänd till föregående korrekta ruta då du vänt på en inkorrekt ruta. GML anses mäta
exekutiva funktioner (CogState, 2016). Kriterievaliditeten har fått stöd av korrelation
med bland annat Benton testet och resultatvariabel är ett så kallat effektivitetsindex
som mäts som medeltalet av korrekta rörelser per sekund, det totala antalet fel och det
totala antalet regelbrott (Pietrzak et al., 2008).
Identification Test (IDN). I denna uppgift ombeds försökspersonen att svara ”Ja/Nej”
på frågan ”Är kortet rött?” så snabbt och noggrant som möjligt efter att kortet vänts.
Uppgiften består av 30 försök och mäter reaktionshastighet och visuell
uppmärksamhet. Resultatvariabeln är reaktionstid i millisekunder (CogState, 2016).
Konstruktvaliditeten har fått stöd av signifikanta korrelationer med Benton Visual
Form Discrimination Test (Hammers et al., 2012).
International Shopping List Test (ISL). I denna uppgift ombeds försökspersonen att
lägga på minnet en uppköpslista bestående av 12 objekt som läses högt för dem av
testledaren. Efteråt bes försökspersonen återkalla listan ur minnet. Denna procedur
repeteras tre gånger med samma lista. ISL anses mästa verbalt minne.
Resultatvariabeln är totala antalet korrekta svar (CogState, 2016) och validiteten har
fått stöd genom korrelation med Hopkins Verbal Learning Test Revised (Pietrzak et
al., 2009).
One Back Task (OBK). Försökspersonen ombeds svara Ja/Nej på frågan ”Är
föregående kortet det samma som nuvarande?” så fort och noggrant som möjligt.
Uppgiften består av 31 försök och mäter uppmärksamhet och arbetsminne (CogState,
2011). Resultatvariabeln är reaktionshastighet i millisekunder (CogState, 2016) och
validiteten har fått stöd av signifikanta korrelationer med Digit Symbol Test ur WAISR (Hammers et al., 2012).
One Card Learning Test (OCL). I denna uppgift ombeds försökspersonen svara
”Ja/Nej” på frågan ”Har du sett detta kort tidigare?”så fort och noggrant som möjligt.

29

Uppgiften använder 6 randomiserat urvalda kort som upprepas under 42 försök. OCL
mäter uppmärksamhet och igenkänning (CogState, 2011). Resultatvariabeln är
reaktionshastighet i millisekunder (CogState, 2016). Validiteten har fått stöd genom
signifikanta korrelationer med Digit Span Backward från WAIS-R (Hammers et al.,
2012).
Utöver CogState valdes det språkliga indexet Verbal Comprehension Index (VCI) ur
WAIS-IV för att mäta mammornas kognitiva förmågor. WAIS-IV VCI valdes för att
mäta så kallad kristalliserad intelligens, som anses formas under utvecklingen och
korrelera med utbildningsnivå och verbal erfarenhet (Cattell, 1987). WAIS-IV är ett
väl använt testbatteri tack vare dess höga reliabilitetsmått och omfattande
standardiseringsprocesser.

WAIS-IV

VCI

innefattar

tre

deltest;

ordförråd,

allmänbildning och likheter. Ordförråd-uppgiften mäter förmågan att definiera ord
medan likheter-uppgiften mäter förmågan att identifiera likheter mellan två objekt.
Svaren i dessa två deltest poängsätts enligt en manual på en skala från 0-2 poäng.
Deltestet benämnt allmänbildning mäter allmän kunskap och förmåga att verbalisera
den. Deltestet poängsätts enligt manualens anvisningar så att varje svar bedöms på en
skala från 0-1 poäng (Wechsler, 2012).
Ångestsymtom hos mammorna mättes med underskalan ”Anxiety Subscale” (AS) utav
Symptom Checklist Scale-90 (SCL-90). SCL-90/AS anses vara ett reliabelt
mätinstrument av ångest och validiteten anses vara hög i både kliniska- och
forskningssammanhang. Underskalan har demonstrerat god intern förenlighet med
Cronbach’s alfa värden på en skala från .83 - .85. Utav de 90 frågorna i det
ursprungliga frågeformuläret SCL-90 används 10 frågor i AS. Dessa frågor bedöms
med 0-4 poäng och det maximala antalet poäng är 40 (Derogatis et al., 1973).
FinnBrain studien har använt sig av 10 poäng som gräns för inkludering i case gruppen,
innefattandes mammorna med de högsta nivåerna av ångest utav samplet (Karlsson et
al., 2018).
Depressionssymtom hos mammorna mättes med frågeformuläret Edinburgh Postnatal
Depression Scale (EPDS). Frågeformuläret har utvecklats för att identifiera mammor
som ligger i riskzonen för att utveckla postnatal depression. EPDS används för

30

subjektiv självskattning av både prenatala och postnatala depressionssymtom (Gibson
et al., 2009), samt bedömning av depression i allmänhet (Becht et al., 2001).
Frågeformuläret har demonstrerat god intern förenlighet med Cronbach’s alfa värden
från .82 - .84 (Cox et al., 1996). EPDS består av 10 frågor som besvaras med hjälp av
en Likert skala med 4 punkter där svarsalternativen poängsätts på en skala från 0-3.
Resultat som landar på 12 poäng eller mera utav de 30 möjliga anses överstiga det
normala (Cox et al., 1987).
De statiska analyserna utfördes med IBM SPSS 25 Statistical Program for Social
Sciences. Pearsons produktmoment korrelationer användes för att undersöka
sambanden mellan SCL-90/AS och EPDS ( r = .55, p < .001). Denna analys
motiverade kombinerandet av dessa formulär till en variabel vid namnet
”Psychological Distress”. Korrelationen mellan CogState och WAIS-IV VCI var låg
(r = .22, p = .003), vilket motiverade fortsatta moderationsanalyser med dessa variabler
skilt för sig. Förhållandet mellan Daily Hassles i början av graviditeten och
”Psychological

Distress”

i

slutet

av

graviditeten

undersöktes

med

en

korrelationsanalys. En multipel regressionsanalys med kognition (CogState/WAIS-IV
VCI) som moderator användes för att undersöka inverkan av moderlig kognition på
detta förhållande. Utbildning, ålder, Daily Hassles, och CogState/WAIS-IV VCI lades
till i analysen i olika steg för att förutspå nivåerna av depression och ångest i slutet av
graviditeten.
Mammorna i samplet uppgav låga nivåer av upplevd daglig stress på en skala från 012 utav det maximala antalet 15 (M = 5.73, SD = 1.99). Nivån av verbal förståelse låg
inom intervallet av vad som förväntades (M = 101.57, SD = 15.54) i enlighet med
finska normer (Wechsler, 2012). Prestationerna på CogState uppgifterna var likaså
inom intervallet av vad som anses normalt (1SD) enligt CogState forskningens
normeringar för 18-49 åringar (CogState, 2014). Mammorna uppgav låga nivåer av
depressionssymtom (M = 4.07, SD = 3.68), på en skala från 0-17 utav det maximala
antalet 30 poäng på EPDS. Ångestnivån hos mammorna var likaså låg (M = 2.33, SD
= 3.08), på en skala från 0-18 utav det maximala antalet 40 poäng på SCL-90/AS.

31

Resultat
Korrelationen av huvudsakligt intresse mellan Daily Hassles i början av graviditeten
och Psychological Distress i slutet av graviditeten var signifikant (r = .42, p < .001);
högre nivåer av upplevd stress i början av graviditeten hade ett samband med högre
nivåer av ångest/depression i slutet av graviditeten. De starkaste korrelationerna
hittades mellan oro över förhållanden och pengar kopplat till både EPDS (r = .25/ .39,
p < .001) och SCL-90/AS (r = .19, p < .001/ .18, p = .03). Vidare hittades ett signifikant
samband mellan Psychological Distress i början av graviditeten och Daily Hassles i
slutet av graviditeten (r = .37, p > .001). Korrelationen mellan Daily Hassles i början
och slutet av graviditeten var signifikant (r = .53, p < .001) så som även korrelationen
mellan Psycholocial Distress i början och slutet av graviditeten (r = .60, p < .001).
WAIS-IV VCI och CogState uppvisade svaga negativa korrelationer med
Psychological Distress i slutet av graviditeten (r = -.07, p = .37/ r = -.15, p = .02)
respektive, medan enbart korrelationen med CogState var signifikant.
En tre-stegs hierarkisk multipel regressionsanalys utfördes med Psychological
Distress som beroende variabel. Utbildning och Ålder kontrollerades för i analysens
första steg. Därefter lades Daily Hassles och kognition till (CogState/WAIS-IV VCI),
för att avsluta med interaktionen mellan kognition och Daily Hassles i steg tre. I
analysen gällande CogState predicerade Utbildning och Ålder inte resultaten på
Psychological Distress, F(2,255) = 1.37, p = .26. Utbildning och ålder stod för 1.1%
av variationen i Psychological Distress. Daily Hassles och kognition predicerade
signifikant resultaten på Psychological Distress, F(2,253) = 27.85, p < .001, och
förklarade ett tillägg av 17.8% av variationen i Psychological Distress. Daily Hassles
var den enda signifikanta prediktorn av Psychological Distress förklarandes 16.0% av
variansen i resultatet. Tillägget av interaktionstermen i steg tre förbättrade inte
modellen överhuvudtaget, ∆R2 = 0.00, F(1,252) = .091, p < .76. Tillsammans
förklarade de fem prediktorerna 18.9% av variansen i Psychological Distress. I
analysen där WAIS-IV VCI fungerade som moderator predicerade Utbildning och
Ålder inte signifikant resultaten på Psychological Distress, F(2,176) = 1.69, p =.19.
Utbildning och ålder förklarade 1.9% av variansen i Psychological Distress. Daily
Hassles och kognition predicerade signifikant resultaten på Psychological Distress,
F(2,174) = 20.97, p < .001, förklarandes ett tillägg av 19.1% av variansen i

32

Psychological Distress. Daily Hassles var den enda signifikanta prediktorn av
Psychological

Distress

förklarandes

19.1%

av

variansen

i

resultatet.

Interaktionstermen predicerade inte signifikant resultatet i Psychological Distress,
F(1,173) = 2.37, p < .13, förklarandes ett tillägg av 1.1% av variansen i Psychological
Distress. Sammanlagt förklarade de fem prediktorerna 22.0% av variansen i
Psychological Distress. Utan att separera analysen enligt kognition i CogState och
WAIS-IV VCI skilt för sig, stod Daily Hassles för 17.6% av variationen i
Psychological Distress. Sammanfattningsvis var Daily Hassles den enda signifikanta
prediktorn av Psychological Distress, oberoende vilken sorts kognition det rörde sig
om.

Diskussion
Syftet med den föreliggande studien är att undersöka inverkan av mammans kognition
på förhållandet mellan upplevd daglig stress i början av graviditeten och
ångest/depression i slutet av graviditeten. Det här är viktigt för att främja tidig
identifiering av mammor med risk för att utveckla ångest/depression i slutet av
graviditeten. Resultaten visade en signifikant korrelation mellan Daily Hassles
frågeformuläret i början av graviditeten och Psychological Distress variabeln i slutet
av graviditeten vilket understryker möjligheten att använda stress-relaterade
självskattningsformulär i början av graviditeten för att identifiera mammor i riskzonen
för att utveckla ångest eller depression under graviditeten. Resultaten visade vidare att
mammornas kognition inte modererade sambandet mellan upplevd daglig stress i
början av graviditeten och ångest och depression i slutet av graviditeten.
Trots att studien inte fann en signifikant effekt av kognition på förhållandet
mellan upplevd daglig stress och ångest-/depressionssymtom under graviditeten är
sambandet mellan Daily Hassles och Psychological Distress variabeln av betydelse.
Så som tidigare nämnts är prenatal ångest och depression bland de vanligaste psykiska
sjukdomarna som drabbar kvinnor idag (Kartal & Oskay, 2017; Fairbrother et al.,
2015), kopplat till långtida negativa effekter för mamman och barnet samt resten av
familjen (Glover, 2014). Med tanke på sambandet mellan upplevd stress och
ångest/depression under graviditeten kunde självskattningsformulär så som Daily

33

Hassles användas under början av graviditeten. Detta kunde effektivera identifieringen
av mammor som har risk för att utveckla ångest eller depression under graviditeten
och därmed möjliggöra tidiga interventioner och förebyggande vård. Med
kontinuiteten av stress och psykiatriska symtom som syntes i resultaten i denna studie
i åtanke, kunde tidig identifikation och interventioner vara av nytta.
Korrelationsanalysen visade ett samband mellan Psychological Distress i
början av graviditeten och Daily Hassles i slutet av graviditeten (r = .37, p > .001).
Analysen visade vidare en korrelation mellan Daily Hassles i början och slutet av
graviditeten (r = .53, p < .001), samt Psychological Distress i början och slutet av
graviditeten ( r = .60, p < .001). Dessa korrelationer framhäver kors- samt
interkorrelationer mellan stress, ångest och depression under graviditeten.
Interkorrelationen mellan Psychological Distress i början och slutet av graviditeten är
i enlighet med resultaten i studien av Korja et al., (2018). Dessa resultat visar på
kontinuerligheten av ångest-/depressionssymtom under graviditeten och presenterar
möjligheten att identifiera mammor med risk för att utveckla ångest/depression under
graviditeten med hjälp av EPDS och SCL-90/AS i början av graviditeten.
Färska studier antyder att ångest och depression samt den biologiska
stressresponsen under peripartum perioden kan sänkas genom avslappningsövningar,
psykoedukation och kognitiv beteendeterapi (Bittner et al., 2014). Studier antyder
även att interpersonell terapi och medicinering kan stöda mammans välmående och
barnets utveckling (Wisner et al., 2009). Bristande socialt stöd, otillfredsställelse i
parförhållandet, låg självkänsla och låg själveffektivitet har också förknippats med
ångest och depression under peripartum perioden. Därmed kan dessa faktorer vara
relevanta att inkludera i behandlingen av kvinnor i riskzonen för att utveckla ångest
eller depression under graviditeten (Mendelson et al., 2013). Denna studie fann de
starkaste korrelationerna mellan oro över förhållanden och pengar kopplat till ångest
och depression och understryker därmed betydelsen av ekonomiskt stöd och
välfungerande förhållanden för gravida kvinnor.
Tidigare forskning har visat på ett samband mellan kognition och psykiatriska
symtom i den allmänna populationen (e.g. Gale et al., 2012; Shilyanski et al., 2016)
men det finns få studier som fokuserat på effekten av kognition specifikt för gravida
kvinnors psykiska mående (Kingston & Tough, 2014). Enligt resultaten i denna studie
utvecklar mammor med lägre kognitiv kapacitet inte mer ångest- eller

34

depressionssymtom än vad mammor med högre kognitiv kapacitet gör. Det ickeexisterande sambandet mellan kognition och ångest-/depressionssymtom i denna
studie betonar betydelsen av att rikta stöd till alla mammor med upplevd stress i början
av graviditeten, oberoende av deras kognitiva prestationsförmåga.
Den här studiens styrkor låg i dess stora sampel innefattande 275
försökspersoner vilket möjliggjorde observation av små samband mellan variablerna.
Bristerna i studien berör främst faktumet att datat samlats in i kontexten av FinnBrain
Birth Cohort studien, vilket innebär att mätningarna inte var optimerade för den
föreliggande studiens syfte. Det syns bland annat som bristfälliga upprepade
mätningar och obalanserade variabler. De kognitiva mätningarna gjordes enbart en
gång. Därmed går det inte att uttala sig om möjliga förändringar i kognitiv
prestationsförmåga eller potentiell kovariation med Psychological Distress under
graviditeten. Det går inte heller att dra longitudinala slutsatser gällande kognitionens
inverkan på mammornas psykiska mående.
Samplets homogenitet med avseende på utbildning och nivåer av ångest/depressionssymtom väcker frågor om resultatens generaliserbarhet till kliniska
populationer och befolkningen i allmänhet. Resultaten kan ha påverkats av att samplet
i studien i hög grad innefattar mammor med låga nivåer av ångest- och
depressionssymtom och hög utbildningsnivå. Dock anses CogState testbatteriet mäta
flytande intelligens (Cattell, 1987), vilket inte korrelerade signifikant med utbildning
i detta sampel (r = .241, p >.01). Utbildning kontrollerades dessutom för i
regressionsanalysen. Inverkan av mammornas utbildningsnivå på resultaten kan
därmed ifrågasättas. Mammorna representerade grupperna med de högsta, lägsta, och
genomsnittliga psykiatriska symtom från det ursprungliga samplet, vilket förbättrar
generaliserbarheten av samplet.
Det är även viktigt att observera att datoriserade testresultat alltid påverkas av
huruvida testet görs i enlighet med instruktionerna från testutvecklaren, samt
testpersonens personliga egenskaper och egenskaper hos den teknologiska apparaturen
(Bauer et al., 2012). Validiteten i de psykiatriska frågeformulären kan även ifrågasättas
på grund av deras subjektiva karaktär. Det är viktigt att minnas möjligheten om en
föreliggande skillnad i upplevd och verklig stress i försökspersonernas svar på
frågeformulären. Över- och underdrift av symtom kan även förekomma.

35

Trots att mammornas nivåer av ångest-/depressionssymtom i slutet av
graviditen inte påverkades av deras kognitiva prestationsnivå i detta sampel, bör detta
undersökas vidare. Uppföljningsmätningar av kognition samt ångest och depression
pågår vid FinnBrain Birth Cohort projektet för tillfället. Detta möjliggör undersökning
av förändringar i kognition och ångest-/depressionsnivåer hos mammorna. I framtida
studier inom detta ämne vore det viktigt att använda sig av sampel med mammor av
varierande utbildningsbakgrund och nivåer av ångest-/depressionssymtom. Det skulle
förbättra resultatens generaliserbarhet till både den kliniska samt den allmänna
populationen.

Slutsats
Sammanfattningsvis fann studien belägg för ett samband mellan högre nivåer av
dagligt upplevd stress i början av graviditeten och högre nivåer av ångest/depressionssymtom i slutet av graviditeten. Resultaten stöder användningen av
självskattningsformulär så som Daily Hassles vid sidan om frågeformulär så som
EPDS och SCL-90/AS under den tidiga graviditeten för förbättrad identifiering och
vård av mammor med risk för att utveckla ångest eller depression under graviditeten.
Tidig identifikation och interventioner är av betydelse för att minska långsiktiga
skadliga effekter av prenatal ångest och depression (Glover, 2014), som påverkar
många kvinnor och deras familjer (Kartal & Oskay, 2017; Fairbrother et al., 2015).
Resultaten understryker betydelsen av ekonomiskt stöd som tillägg till tidigare
rekommenderat socialt stöd (Mendelson et al., 2013), avslappningsövningar,
psykoedukation (Bittner et al., 2014), olika terapier (Bittner et al., 2014; Goodman et
al., 2014) och medicinering (Wisner et al., 2009). Fynden stöder inte antagandet om
att höga nivåer av kognitiv prestationsförmåga skulle fungera som en skyddande faktor
i utvecklingen av psykiatriska symtom hos gravida kvinnor. Därmed understryker
studien betydelsen av att erbjuda stöd till alla mammor som upplever höga nivåer av
stress, ångest eller depression i början av graviditeten, oberoende av deras kognitiva
prestationsförmåga. Begränsningarna i studien berör förutom homogeniteten av
samplet i avseende av utbildning och ångest-/depressionsnivåer främst faktumet att
datat är en del av en större studie och därmed inte optimerat för syftet av denna studie.

36

Det är därtill viktigt att beakta begränsningarna i användningen av datoriserad testning
och självskattningsformulär. Framtida förskning bör sträva till att undersöka sampel
som är heterogena i avseende av kognitiva prestationsnivåer och nivåer av psykiatriska
symtom.

37

5

References

Bauer, R. M., Iverson, G. L., Cernich, A. N., Binder, L. M., Ruff, R. M., & Naugle, R. I.
(2012). Computerized neuropsychological assessment devices: joint position paper of
the American Academy of Clinical Neuropsychology and the National Academy of
Neuropsychology. The Clinical Neuropsychologist, 26(2), 177-196.
Becht, M. C., Van Erp, C. F., Teeuwisse, T. M., Van Heck, G. L., Van Son, M. J., & Pop, V.
J. (2001). Measuring depression in women around menopausal age: towards a
validation of the Edinburgh Depression Scale. Journal of Affective Disorders, 63(13), 209-213.
Bittner, A., Peukert, J., Zimmermann, C., Junge-Hoffmeister, J., Parker, L. S., Stöbel-Richter,
Y., & Weidner, K. (2014). Early intervention in pregnant women with elevated anxiety
and depressive symptoms: efficacy of a cognitive-behavioral group program. The
Journal of perinatal & neonatal nursing, 28(3), 185-195.
Bowen, A., Bowen, R., Butt, P., Rahman, K., & Muhajarine, N. (2012). Patterns of depression
and treatment in pregnant and postpartum women. The Canadian Journal of
Psychiatry, 57(3), 161-167.
Brennan P, Hammen C, Andersen M, Bor W (2000) Chronicity, severity, and timing of
maternal depressive symptoms: relationship with child outcomes at age 5. Dev Psychol
36:759–766
Bridgett, D. J., Kanya, M. J., Rutherford, H. J., & Mayes, L. C. (2017). Maternal executive
functioning as a mechanism in the intergenerational transmission of parenting:
Preliminary evidence. Journal of Family Psychology, 31(1), 19.
Cattell, R. B. (1987). Intelligence: Its structure, growth and action. Elsevier.
Cederblad, M., Dahlin, L., Hagnell, O., & Hansson, K. (1995). Intelligence and temperament
as protective factors for mental health. A cross-sectional and prospective

38

epidemiological

study. European

archives

of

psychiatry

and

clinical

neuroscience, 245(1), 11-19.
CogState,

CogState

Research

Manual

(2011).

Retrieved

22.4.2020

from

https://secure.CogState.com/research2/tr/progress.cfm
CogState, CogState Normative Data Summary Statistics (2014). Retrieved 17.4.2020 from
https://secure.CogState.com/research2/tr/progress.cfm
CogState,

(2016).

Retrieved

23.2.2020

from

https://secure.CogState.com/research2/tr/progress.cfm
Cox, J. L., Holden, J. M., & Sagovsky, R. (1987). Detection of postnatal depression:
development of the 10-item Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale. The British journal
of psychiatry, 150(6), 782-786.
Cox, J. L., Chapman, G., Murray, D., & Jones, P. (1996). Validation of the Edinburgh
Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) in non-postnatal women. Journal of affective
disorders, 39(3), 185-189.
Dayan, J., Creveuil, C., Marks, M. N., Conroy, S., Herlicoviez, M., Dreyfus, M., & Tordjman,
S. (2006). Prenatal depression, prenatal anxiety, and spontaneous preterm birth: a
prospective cohort study among women with early and regular care. Psychosomatic
Medicine, 68(6), 938-946.
DiPietro, J.A. (2012) Maternal stress in pregnancy: considerations for fetal development. J.
Adolesc. Health, 51 (2 Suppl). S3-S8.
Derogatis, L. R., Lipman, R. S., & Covi, L. (1973). SCL-90: an outpatient psychiatric rating
scale–preliminary report. Psychopharmacol Bull, 9(1), 13-28.

39

Fairbrother, N., Young, A. H., Janssen, P., Antony, M. M., & Tucker, E. (2015). Depression
and anxiety during the perinatal period. BMC psychiatry, 15(1), 206.
Field, T. (2011). Prenatal depression effects on early development: a review. Infant behavior
and development, 34(1), 1-14.
Fredrickson, J., Maruff, P., Woodward, M., Moore, L., Fredrickson, A., Sach, J., & Darby, D.
(2010). Evaluation of the usability of a brief computerized cognitive screening test in
older people for epidemiological studies. Neuroepidemiology, 34(2), 65-75.
Gale, C. R., Cooper, R., Leone Craig, J. E., Kuh, D., Richards, M., Starr, J. M., ... & Deary, I.
J. (2012). Cognitive function in childhood and lifetime cognitive change in relation to
mental wellbeing in four cohorts of older people. PLoS One, 7(9).
Gavin, N. I., Gaynes, B. N., Lohr, K. N., Meltzer-Brody, S., Gartlehner, G., & Swinson, T.
(2005).

Perinatal

depression:

a

systematic

review

of

prevalence

and

incidence. Obstetrics & Gynecology, 106(5), 1071-1083.
Gibson, J., McKenzie‐McHarg, K., Shakespeare, J., Price, J., & Gray, R. (2009). A systematic
review of studies validating the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale in antepartum
and postpartum women. Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica, 119(5), 350-364.
Glover, V. (2014). Maternal depression, anxiety and stress during pregnancy and child
outcome; what needs to be done. Best practice & research Clinical obstetrics &
gynaecology, 28(1), 25-35.
Goodman, J. H., Chenausky, K. L., & Freeman, M. P. (2014). Anxiety disorders during
pregnancy: a systematic review. The Journal of clinical psychiatry, 75(10), e1153-84.
Hammers, D., Spurgeon, E., Ryan, K., Persad, C., Barbas, N., Heidebrink, J., ... & Giordani,
B. (2012). Validity of a brief computerized cognitive screening test in
dementia. Journal of geriatric psychiatry and neurology, 25(2), 89-99.

40

Harel, B. T., Darby, D., Pietrzak, R. H., Ellis, K. A., Snyder, P. J., & Maruff, P. (2011).
Examining the nature of impairment in visual paired associate learning in amnestic
mild cognitive impairment. Neuropsychology, 25(6), 752.
Huizink, A. C., De Medina, P. G. R., Mulder, E. J., Visser, G. H., & Buitelaar, J. K. (2002).
Psychological measures of prenatal stress as predictors of infant temperament. Journal
of the American Academy of Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, 41(9), 1078-1085.
Huizink, A. C., Delforterie, M. J., Scheinin, N. M., Tolvanen, M., Karlsson, L., & Karlsson,
H. (2016). Adaption of pregnancy anxiety questionnaire–revised for all pregnant
women regardless of parity: PRAQ-R2. Archives of women's mental health, 19(1),
125-132.
Ibanez, G., Charles, M. A., Forhan, A., Magnin, G., Thiebaugeorges, O., Kaminski, M., ... &
EDEN Mother–Child Cohort Study Group. (2012). Depression and anxiety in women
during pregnancy and neonatal outcome: data from the EDEN mother–child
cohort. Early human development, 88(8), 643-649.
Karlsson, L., Tolvanen, M., Scheinin, N. M., Uusitupa, H. M., Korja, R., Ekholm, E., ... &
Karlsson, H. (2018). Cohort profile: the

FinnBrain birth cohort study

(FinnBrain). International journal of epidemiology, 47(1), 15-16j.
Kartal, Y. A., & Oskay, U. Y. (2017). Anxiety, depression and coping with stress styles of
pregnant women with preterm labor risk. International Journal of Caring
Sciences, 10(2), 716.
Kataja, E. L., Karlsson, L., Tolvanen, M., Parsons, C., Schembri, A., Kiiski-Mäki, H., &
Karlsson, H. (2017). Correlation between the Cogstate computerized measure and
WAIS-IV among birth cohort mothers. Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology, 32(2),
252-258.

41

Kingston, D., & Tough, S. (2014). Prenatal and postnatal maternal mental health and schoolage child development: a systematic review. Maternal and child health journal, 18(7),
1728-1741.
Knuesel, I., Chicha, L., Britschgi, M., Schobel, S. A., Bodmer, M., Hellings, J. A., ... &
Prinssen, E. P. (2014). Maternal immune activation and abnormal brain development
across CNS disorders. Nature Reviews Neurology, 10(11), 643.
Korja, R., Nolvi, S., Kataja, E. L., Scheinin, N., Junttila, N., Lahtinen, H., ... & Karlsson, H.
(2018). The courses of maternal and paternal depressive and anxiety symptoms during
the prenatal period in the FinnBrain Birth Cohort study. PloS one, 13(12).
Korpela, K. M., Ylén, M., Tyrväinen, L., & Silvennoinen, H. (2008). Determinants of
restorative experiences in everyday favorite places. Health & place, 14(4), 636-652.
Lazinski, M.J., Shea A.K., Steiner M. (2008) Effects of maternal prenatal stress on offspring
development: a commentary. Arch. Womens Ment. Health (NY), 11 (5-6), pp. 363375.
Leinonen, J. A., Solantaus, T. S., & Punamäki, R. L. (2002). The specific mediating paths
between economic hardship and the quality of parenting. International journal of
behavioral development, 26(5), 423-435.
Luthar, S. S. (1991). Vulnerability and resilience: A study of high‐risk adolescents. Child
development, 62(3), 600-616.
Maruff, P., Thomas, E., Cysique, L., Brew, B., Collie, A., Snyder, P., & Pietrzak, R. H. (2009).
Validity of the CogState brief battery: relationship to standardized tests and sensitivity
to cognitive impairment in mild traumatic brain injury, schizophrenia, and AIDS
dementia complex. Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology, 24(2), 165-178.

42

Mendelson, T., Leis, J. A., Perry, D. F., Stuart, E. A., & Tandon, S. D. (2013). Impact of a
preventive intervention for perinatal depression on mood regulation, social support,
and coping. Archives of women's mental health, 16(3), 211-218.
Mora, P. A., Bennett, I. M., Elo, I. T., Mathew, L., Coyne, J. C., & Culhane, J. F. (2009).
Distinct trajectories of perinatal depressive symptomatology: evidence from growth
mixture modeling. American journal of epidemiology, 169(1), 24-32.
Pechtel, P., & Pizzagalli, D.A. (2011). Effects of early life stress on cognitive and affective
function: an integrated review of human literature. Psychopharmacology, 214, 55–70.
Pietrzak, R. H., Cohen, H., & Snyder, P. J. (2007). Spatial learning efficiency and error
monitoring in normal aging: An investigation using a novel hidden maze learning
test. Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology, 22(2), 235-245.
Pietrzak, R. H., Maruff, P., Mayes, L. C., Roman, S. A., Sosa, J. A., & Snyder, P. J. (2008).
An examination of the construct validity and factor structure of the Groton Maze
Learning Test, a new measure of spatial working memory, learning efficiency, and
error monitoring. Archives of Clinical Neuropsychology, 23(4), 433-445.
Pietrzak, R. H., Maruff, P., & Snyder, P. J. (2009). Convergent validity and effect of
instruction modification on the groton maze learning test: A new measure of spatial
working memory and error monitoring. International Journal of Neuroscience, 119,
1137–1149.
Priya, A., Chaturvedi, S., Bhasin, S. K., Bhatia, M. S., & Radhakrishnan, G. (2018).
Depression, anxiety and stress among pregnant women: A community-based
study. Indian journal of psychiatry, 60(1), 151.
Rallis, S., Skouteris, H., McCabe, M., & Milgrom, J. (2014). A prospective examination of
depression, anxiety and stress throughout pregnancy. Women and Birth, 27(4), e36e42.

43

Ross, R. T. (1972). Behavioral correlates of levels of intelligence. American Journal of Mental
Deficiency.
Shilyansky, C., Williams, L. M., Gyurak, A., Harris, A., Usherwood, T., & Etkin, A. (2016).
Effect of antidepressant treatment on cognitive impairments associated with
depression: A randomised longitudinal study. The Lancet Psychiatry, 3, 425–435.
Talge N.M., Neal C., Glover V. (2007). Early Stress, Translational Research and Prevention
Science Network, Antenatal maternal stress and long-term effects on child
neurodevelopment: how and why? J. Child Psychol. Psychiatry, 48 (3–4), pp. 245-261.
Teixeira, C., Figueiredo, B., Conde, A., Pacheco, A., & Costa, R. (2009). Anxiety and
depression

during

pregnancy

in

women

and

men. Journal

of

affective

disorders, 119(1-3), 142-148.
van Heyningen, T., Honikman, S., Myer, L., Onah, M. N., Field, S., & Tomlinson, M. (2017).
Prevalence and predictors of anxiety disorders amongst low-income pregnant women
in urban South Africa: a cross-sectional study. Archives of women's mental
health, 20(6), 765-775.
Wechsler, D. (2008; 2012) Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-IV. Pearson: Wechsler, D.
Psykologien Kustannus Oy, Helsinki. Psychological Corporation.
Wisner, K. L., Sit, D. K., Hanusa, B. H., Moses-Kolko, E. L., Bogen, D. L., Hunker, D. F., ...
& Singer, L. T. (2009). Major depression and antidepressant treatment: impact on
pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. American Journal of psychiatry, 166(5), 557-566.
Yoshida, T., Suga, M., Arima, K., Muranaka, Y., Tanaka, T., Eguchi, S., ... & Seo, T. (2011).
Criterion and construct validity of the CogState Schizophrenia Battery in Japanese
patients with schizophrenia. PLoS One, 6(5).

44

6

Appendix

_____________________________________________
Päivittäiset huolet ja ilonaiheet
_____________________________________________
Päivittäin meille tapahtuu ärsyttäviä tilanteita tai asioita, jotka voivat saada meissä aikaan vihanpuuskia tai aiheuttaa
huolta. Meille tapahtuu myös monia mieltä ylentäviä ja iloa tuottavia asioita. Merkitse, missä määrin seuraavat asiat
ovat tuottaneet sinulle VIIMEISEN KOLMEN KUUKAUDEN AIKANA HUOLTA tai HYVÄÄ MIELTÄ. – Jotkin asiat ovat
voineet olla molempia. Ympyröi siis joka rivillä ensin vasemmalta puolelta (A-kohta) yksi numero ja sitten oikealta
puolelta (B-kohta) yksi numero.

(A) Missä määrin ärsyttävä tai

(B) Missä määrin

huolta aiheuttava asia?

iloa tuottava asia?

Erittäin

Melko

Melko

Ei

Ei

Melko

Melko

Erittäin

paljon

paljon

vähän

yhtään

yhtään

vähän

paljon

paljon

-3

-2

-1

0

0

1

2

3

0

1

2

3

0

1

2

3

Ihmissuhteet (puoliso, lapset, sukulaiset,
ystävät tai naapurit)
Työasiat (suhteet esimiehiin, työntekijöihin

-3

-2

-1

0

tai asiakkaisiin,
työn aikataulut tai työn tavoitteet, työkiireet)
Rahojen riittäminen (ruokaan, vaatetukseen,

-3

-2

-1

0

säästämiseen tai
vapaa-aikaan)

-3

-2

-1

0

Kotityöt (siivous, pyykki, remontit)

0

1

2

3

-3

-2

-1

0

Uutiset (lehti-, TV- tai radio-)

0

1

2

3

-3

-2

-1

0

Tupakointi, alkoholin tai huumeiden käyttö

0

1

2

3

Korpela, K., Ylén, M., Tyrväinen, L. & Silvennoinen, H. (2008). Determinants of restorative experiences
in everyday favourite places. Health & Place, 14, 636-652. doi:10.1016/ j.healthplace.2007.10.008

45

___________________________________________
Mieliala
_____________________________________________
Ole hyvä ja laita rasti ruutuun, joka parhaiten vastaa tuntemuksiasi kuluneen VIIMEISEN VIIKON
AIKANA, ei ainoastaan tämänhetkisiä tuntemuksiasi.

1. Olen pystynyt nauramaan ja näkemään asioiden hauskan puolen.

 Yhtä paljon kuin aina ennenkin
 En aivan yhtä paljon kuin ennen
 Selvästi vähemmän kuin ennen
 En ollenkaan
2. Olen odotellut mielihyvällä tulevia tapahtumia.

 Yhtä paljon kuin aina ennenkin
 Hiukan vähemmän kuin aikaisemmin
 Selvästi vähemmän kuin aikaisemmin
 Tuskin ollenkaan
3. Olen syyttänyt tarpeettomasti itseäni, kun asiat ovat menneet vikaan.

 Kyllä, useimmiten
 Kyllä, joskus
 En kovin usein
 En koskaan
4. Olen ollut ahdistunut tai huolestunut ilman selvää syytä.

 Ei, en ollenkaan
 Tuskin koskaan
 Kyllä, joskus
 Kyllä, hyvin usein
5. Olen ollut peloissani tai hädissäni ilman erityistä selvää syytä.

 Kyllä, aika paljon
 Kyllä, joskus

46

 Ei, en paljonkaan
 Ei, en ollenkaan
6. Asiat kasautuvat päälleni.

 Kyllä, useimmiten en ole pystynyt selviytymään niistä ollenkaan
 Kyllä, toisinaan en ole selviytynyt niistä yhtä hyvin kuin tavallisesti
 Ei, useimmiten olen selviytynyt melko hyvin
 Ei, olen selviytynyt yhtä hyvin kuin aina ennenkin
7. Olen ollut niin onneton, että minulla on ollut univaikeuksia.

 Kyllä, useimmiten
 Kyllä, toisinaan
 Ei, en kovin usein
 Ei, en ollenkaan
8. Olen tuntenut oloni surulliseksi tai kurjaksi.

 Kyllä, useimmiten
 Kyllä, melko usein
 En kovin usein
 Ei, en ollenkaan
9. Olen ollut niin onneton, että olen itkeskellyt.

 Kyllä, useimmiten
 Kyllä, melko usein
 Vain silloin tällöin
 Ei, en koskaan
10. Ajatus itseni vahingoittamisesta on tullut mieleeni.

 Kyllä, melko usein
 Joskus
 Tuskin koskaan
 Ei koskaan

47

___________________________________________________
Ahdistuneisuus
___________________________________________________
Missä määrin sinua on VIIMEISEN KUUKAUDEN AIKANA vaivannut:

ei

melko

jonkin

melko

erittäin

lainkaan

vähän

verran

paljon

paljon

_____________________________________________________________________________

1. Vapina

1

2

3

4

5

mitään syytä

1

2

3

4

5

3. Pelokkuus

1

2

3

4

5

jyskytykset

1

2

3

4

5

5. Jännittyneisyys tai kiihtyneisyys

1

2

3

4

5

6. Pelon tai pakokauhun puuskat

1

2

3

4

5

estää rauhassa istumisenkin

1

2

3

4

5

8. Tunne, että tutut asiat ovat outoja

1

2

3

4

5

1

2

3

4

5

1

2

3

4

5

2. Pelästyminen äkillisesti ilman

4. Sydämentykytykset tai –

7. Levottomuuden tunne, joka

ja epätodellisia

9. Tunne, että sinua painostetaan
tekemään tehtäväsi

10. Hermostuneisuus tai sisäinen
Rauhattomuus

48

PRESSMEDDELANDE
Mammans kognition påverkar inte sambandet mellan dagligen upplevd stress
och ångest samt depression under graviditeten
Pro gradu-avhandling i psykologi
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi vid Åbo Akademi
Resultaten från en färsk pro gradu-avhandling vid Åbo Akademi tyder på ett samband
mellan högre nivåer av självskattad dagligt upplevd stress i början av graviditeten och
mera ångest- samt depressionssymtom i slutet av graviditeten. Därtill ger resultaten
indikationer på att mammors kognitiva prestationsnivå inte påverkar sambandet
mellan upplevd stress och psykiatriska symtom i den utsträckning som tidigare
forskning gällande befolkningen i allmänhet antytt.
Avhandlingen av Emma Vihervaara utfördes som en del av FinnBrain projektet vid
Åbo Universitet. 275 gravida kvinnor i åldern 19-45 deltog i studien. Syftet med
studien var att utforska sambandet mellan stress och psykiatriska symtom under
graviditeten samt den möjliga inverkan av mammornas kognitiva prestationsförmåga
på detta samband.
Fynden tyder på att stressrelaterade självskattningsformulär vid sidan om psykiatriska
frågeformulär i början av graviditeten kunde effektivera identifikationen av mammor
med risk för att utveckla ångest och depression under graviditeten. Den modifierade
”Daily Hassles” skalan, SCL-90/AS eller EPDS som användes i studien, relaterade till
stress, ångest och depression respektive, kunde användas i detta syfte. Resultaten tyder
dessutom på att stöd borde riktas till alla mammor som upplever höga nivåer av daglig
stress, ångest eller depression i början av graviditeten, oberoende av deras kognitiva
prestationsförmåga. Vihervaara poängterar slutligen att kognitionens inverkan på
utvecklingen av psykiatriska symtom hos gravida kvinnor bör undersökas vidare. För
att erhålla mera generaliserbara resultat, kunde framtida studier använda sig av mer
heterogena sampel med tanke på kognitiv prestationsförmåga och nivåer av
psykiatriska symtom.
Avhandlingen utfördes av Emma Vihervaara under handledning av doktorand
Elisabeth Nordenswan, docent Mira Karrasch, och professor Matti Laine.
Ytterligare information fås av:
Emma Vihervaara
Email: emma.vihervaara@abo.fi

49

