Master’s Thesis in
Social Exclusion
Supervisor:
Camilla Kronqvist

Moominpappa and
the Vibrant Matter

Faculty of Arts,
Psychology and
Theology
Åbo Akademi
2020

Tove Jansson’s “Moominpappa at Sea” as an
addition to “Vibrant Matter” by Jane Bennet
ARWEN MEEREBOER - student nr. 73222

ÅBO AKADEMI – Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Subject: Social exclusion; Philosophy Major
Writer: Arwen Meereboer
Title: Moominpappa and Vibrant Matter: Tove Jansson’s “Moominpappa at Sea” as an
addition to “Vibrant Matter” by Jane Bennet
Supervisor: Camilla Kronqvist

Supervisor: Emmanuel Acquah

As humans we are constantly engaging not only with other humans but with plants,
animals, and matter. This thesis examines the way we view our engagement with the
materiality of the world around us, by looking at the work of philosopher Jane Bennet on
vibrant materiality and author Tove Jansson. Bennet presents an argument that matter can
be analysed as active and vibrant. While Western philosophers are used to viewing matter
as passive and dead, seeing it as active makes space for different engagement with
matter. One of the ways we can start engaging with matter, once we stop thinking of it as
passive and dead, is through the lens of ethics. My aim in this thesis is to use Bennet’s
and Jansson’s work as a way to consider matter as active and included in the ethical
frameworks of the Western philosophical canon.
Jansson in her children’s book Moominpappa at Sea shows a possibility for looking at
the material world through this ethical lens. This thesis will put these works in
conversation by reading both as philosophical works that have nuanced engagement with
the topic of how we can be in community with the things that surround us. This thesis
argues that it is impossible to have interactions that are devoid of ethics. We are always
already in community and therefore our actions always take place in an ethical register.
This thesis concludes with an exploration of the ethical relations we already have with
our material surroundings and a way to engage more actively with the ethical ecology of
the things that surround us.
Keywords: Vibrant matter, Materiality, Agency, Moomins, Philosophy

Date: 11.9.2020

Pages: 64
1

Content
Introduction .............................................................................................................................. 3

Chapter one: Theory ................................................................................................................ 6
Vibrant matter ........................................................................................... 6
Thing Power .............................................................................................. 8
What does it mean for matter to be vibrant or animate? ......................... 11
Responsibility and blame ........................................................................ 13
Complicity and ethics of care/responsibility ........................................... 15

Chapter two: Methods ........................................................................................................... 22
The importance of stories ........................................................................ 22

Chapter three: Analysis ......................................................................................................... 28
Moominpappa at Sea ................................................................................ 28
Control ....................................................................................................... 31
Cultivation ................................................................................................. 35
Complicity ................................................................................................. 37
Agency ...................................................................................................... 42
Monstrous nature ....................................................................................... 44

Chapter four: Discussion ....................................................................................................... 48

Conclusion ............................................................................................................................... 55
Sources..................................................................................................................................... 61

2

Introduction
In her book Vibrant Matter: a political ecology of things (2010), philosopher Jane Bennet
uses the term vibrant matter for the way materials, objects or things are more than just
inanimate matter. Matter, according to Bennet, is vibrant in particular ways; although it is not
necessarily alive it is active and influences the world around it. In this thesis I will compare
Vibrant Materialism as Bennet describes it, with how Finnish author Tove Jansson describes
animate nature in her book Moominpappa at Sea (1984). I will explore what it would mean to
look at matter as vibrant or alive, as Bennet suggests in Vibrant Matter by using vibrant
materiality as a lens to analyse Moominpappa at Sea. I want to explore what Jansson in
Moominpappa at Sea has to say about the way we as humans engage with matter and to
discuss what it would mean to include matter in our thinking about ethics, responsibility, and
care.
Moominpappa at Sea is the eighth book in the series of Moomin books written by Jansson.
The Moomins are small dumpy trolls, resembling white hippos with a long tail. Jansson
created nine books, five picture books, and a comic strip about the Moomins. Additionally,
there have been highly successful adaptations on stage and as various animated television
shows. In Finland, the Moomins are everywhere: on toys, pasta and collectible Moomin mugs.
The Moomins, especially the original book series, has been read not only for children but also
as part of the Swedish-speaking canon in Finland. Because of this there are quite a few
scholarly works analysing the Moomin books.
Boel Westin is one of the more prolific scholars onJansson’s work. Westin has analysed the
Moomin books in her doctoral thesis Familjen i dalen. Tove Janssons muminvärld (1988).
Westin and other scholars often remark that the Moomin books are at least semiautobiographical; many friends and family members of Jansson can be recognised in the
different characters. Many important events in Jansson’s life are also reflected in the Moomin
stories. The Moomin stories have often been analysed from a perspective of hospitality and
Otherness (Tesar & Koro-Ljungberg, 2016,Happonen, 2014). Jansson has created a world full
of unlikely creatures that are not always likable or easy to get along with. However, the
Moomins tend to welcome this Otherness in their midst. In my thesis I will be looking at a
different manifestation of this Otherness, in the form of nature and the way the Moomins
relate to nature.
3

This is a thesis within the fields of Social Exclusion and Philosophy. My aim in this thesis is
to use Bennet’s and Jansson’s work as a way to consider matter as active and included in the
ethical frameworks of the Western philosophical canon.
Initially, I wanted to do something different with this thesis. I knew I wanted to write about a
children’s book in my thesis. My original idea was to write about the Hattifatteners.
Hattifatteners are small ghostly white creatures that appear in several of Tove Jansson’s
Moomin books. My idea was to examine the Hattifatteners as a sort of radical Other. They are
mute and have poor eyesight, they only communicate through seismographic vibrations
(Jansson, 1972). My thesis was going to be about the relevance of introducing a creature like
this, in a world where all animals speak and can be related to, even the scary Groke becomes a
figure of sympathy. However, the Hattifatteners cannot be understood by the other Moomin
characters because they speak through vibrations rather than through conventional language.
Through this I came to using the book Vibrant matter by Bennet, with the idea that I could use
the concept of vibrant matter to describe the Hattifatteners, not as animals but as live matter.
The Hattifatteners at first glance also seem to fit in better with the concept of Social Exclusion
because they are identifiable creatures excluded from full participation in the world of the
Moomins through the Moomin family’s inability to communicate with them. I decided to use
both the lonely island of the Hattifatteners in Finn Family Moomintroll (1972) and the lonely
island in Moominpappa at Sea as examples of vibrant matter. However, through reading I
came to realise that writing solely about the island in Moominpappa at Sea, and focusing on
the ethical ecology of the Moomin family and the island might be a better project to undertake
as a Master’s thesis. While the Hattifatteners provide an easily recognisable excluded Other,
the island in Moominpappa at Sea does not. An island is not an individual. This is precisely
why I ended up writing about only Moominpappa at Sea. Jansson presents a story about
living in community through the figure of the island, which is not a singular person or
multiple persons, but rather a swarm of what Bennet would call agencies. This falls under the
subject of social exclusion because matter, and nature in particular, is often excluded from
ethical consideration. In this thesis I examine how Jansson provides us with some frameworks
for including matter in our ethical considerations.
In chapter one I begin by explaining how Bennet describes vibrant matter. I also discuss Mel
Y. Chen in their book Animacies: Biopolitics, Racial Mattering, and Queer Affect (2012).
Chen and Bennet discuss a similar theory, however Chen refers to living matter not as vibrant
but as animate. I analyse how both Bennet’s and Chen’s work ties into certain philosophical
4

traditions and explain the terminology that Bennet uses to conceptualise vibrant matter. After
this I explain some potential problems Bennet’s theory has, to which Jansson offers a possible
solution. I examine the different ways view ethical action regarding matter and consider what
is often called ethics of responsibility as proposed by Emmanuel Levinas in Totality and
Infinity: An Essay on Exteriority (1991) as a possible way to reframe the ethical responsibility
we can have towards matter. In my second chapter, I will explain the methods I used in my
literary analysis of Jansson’s Moominpappa at Sea. I am using a literary work in conversation
with a philosophical theory. I am doing this primarily informed by Toril Moi’s essay The
Adventure Of Reading: Literature And Philosophy, Cavell And Beauvoir (2011). Moi
examines the importance of reading literature not only as an illustration of a theory but as a
work in and of itself, a work which can offer new insights that could not have been reached
through theory alone. In the third chapter of this thesis, I present my analysis of
Moominpappa at Sea. I analysed Moominpappa at Sea by identifying the description of
characters’ interactions with the natural world and dividing them into three categories:
Control, cultivation and complicity. I describe these relationships the characters have with
nature. Additionally, I describe how Jansson’s nature in Moominpappa at Sea is described as
animate and how this is conceptualised. I discuss the way Jansson describes nature as both
being alive and being frightening. Nature as Jansson describes it is uncontrollable and alive. I
also explore how Jansson describes the agency of the natural world in Moominpappa at Sea. I
end this thesis with a discussion chapter in which I discuss the possibility of using Bennet and
Jansson to think of a different ethical relationship to the things that surround us.

5

Chapter one: Theory
The life of things

Jane Bennet in her book Vibrant Matter: a political ecology of things (2010), and Mel Y.
Chen in their1 book Animacies: Biopolitics, Racial Mattering, and Queer Affect (2012) both
argue in different ways for a rethinking of our relationship with matter. They theorise matter
or objects not as passive and dead, but rather as active and vibrant. Both Bennet and Chen
argue that a strict distinction between active alive organisms and passive dead matter is
unsound.
In this chapter, I will describe how Bennet in Vibrant Matter theorises materiality as more
than Objects. Bennet describes matter as vibrant in order to capture the way matter is not
inanimate and only acted upon. Bennet argues that matter or things are animate and vibrant.
They act upon bodies and influence their environment. I will discuss what this vibrancy looks
like, and how it may be understood as a collective vibrancy. Then I will describe what Bennet
refers to as thing power, and how this power relates to human power. I will examine how
Bennet, and Chen, in Animacies, describes the binary opposition between life and matter
(Bennet) and animacy and inanimacy (Chen). I will explain how they pose this against a
binary of the mind and the body. In addition, I will explain why the subject cannot be
understood from this perspective of dualism.

Vibrant matter
Imagine I throw a stone to a lake, perhaps with the intention of it skipping neatly across the
lake, and it is blown off course. The stone hits an unsuspecting duck swimming on the lake.
Can it truly be said that I am the cause of the duck being hit by a stone? I am one of the
causes, but what are the other causalities that participate in this event?
In her book Vibrant Matter: a political ecology of things, Bennet explores the ways the more
than human world exhibits an agency of its own. Bennet describes objects as having a power
beyond the meaning we ascribe to them. An object, according to Bennet, influences the world
around it not only through the significance we give it, but also through its materiality. A

1

Mel Y. Chen uses singular they/them/theirs as pronouns and will therefore be referred to by these pronouns in
this thesis.

6

crucifix has power we ascribe to it through Christian symbolism, but according to Bennet it
also has a power through the space it takes up in the world. Bennet refers to these objects
imbued with power as things. By referring to things instead of objects, Bennet means to
contradict the distinction between the subject and the object. In the subject-object binary the
subject is active while the object is passive. By using “thing” instead of “object” Bennet
positions her theory outside of this binary (Bennet, 2010, p.19).
Bennet describes the way many thinkers, Like Baruch de Spinoza, Theodore Adorno and
Gillez Deleuze, have taken note of the power of things. Things influence other bodies (human
bodies, animals, other things). There seems to be a power and an agency to them that cannot
accurately be described by individual notions of agency. When we see an object as having
agency individually their agency is extremely limited, the stone can only influence the duck if
it is brought into motion by another agency. A stone may have some of its own agency,
influencing the landscape it is in, and the creatures moving on and around it. However, on its
own its agency is not especially noteworthy. In combination with other agencies a stone may
become much more important, as can be seen in the example of skipping a stone and hitting a
duck. Additionally, with non-animal agencies we often struggle to find the boundaries of an
individual agent. For example, a beach comprises grains of sand, plants, and proximity to the
sea; describing the agency of a beach is by necessity a description of multiple agencies.
According to Bennet we should look at the agency of matter from the idea of an assemblage.
Bennet takes the concept of an assemblage from Deleuze and Guattari (Bennet, 2010).
Assemblages, according to Bennet, are living congregations that are kept together without a
binding agent due to a shared trajectory. The components are not all equally powerful or
equally distributed. They do not have a distinct hierarchy, no one part determines the
trajectory of the assemblage. Returning to the simplified assemblage in which I skip a stone
over a lake, there is a sudden wind that redirects the stone. The stone hits an unsuspecting
duck swimming on the lake. The assemblage I-stone-lake-wind-duck resulted in a trajectory
where a duck was hit by a stone. The eventual outcome was not intended by me and could
perhaps not have been predicted.
The effects generated by an assemblage are (…) emergent in that their
ability to make something happen (…) is distinct from the sum of the vital
force of each materiality considered alone. Each member or proto-member
of the assemblage has a certain vital force, but there is also an effectivity
7

proper to the grouping as such: an agency of the assemblage. (Bennet, 2010,
p. 24)
According to Bennet there is no way to separate these small agencies into individuals. Instead,
Bennet proposes to speak of actants, a term Bennet takes from Bruno Latour, or operators
within assemblages. “Actant and operator are substitute words for what, in a more subject
centred vocabulary are called agents” (Bennet, 2010, p. 9). This use of actant and operator
takes the focus away from individual agency, and instead focuses on the ways everything acts
in assemblage with other things. The assemblage has an agency that exists out of all the
actants participating in it, this agency is a trajectory in which it is moving. No one single
actant can control the assemblage, and often the eventual trajectory of the assemblage is
impossible to accurately predict In this way things have power, not an individual agency, but
a power to work upon other bodies. When I skip a stone and hit a duck, there is an assemblage
at work. I-lake-stone-wind-duck and all the unknown factors that influence the stone hitting
the duck.
In this section, I have examined what Bennet means when she states that things exhibit
agency. Bennet uses the word thing instead of object to position her work outside of the
subject object binary. Matter acts upon subjects, and though this acting is not individual it is a
form of animacy, or as Bennet refers to it, vibrancy. I have explained how the agency of
things is, according to Bennet, not a singular agency but an assemblage, a swarm of agencies
creating a trajectory.

Thing Power
In this section I will explain how Bennet and Chen argue that the binary opposition between
the subject and the object stems from Cartesian dualism. Within a dualistic framework matter
is not seen as animate and the body is seen as matter that is animated by the mind or soul.
This distinction between mind and matter has been critiqued both by historical and modern
theorists (Chen, 2012). I will explain the historical and contemporary resistance to the
distinction between the body and the mind. The resistance to dualism I am most interested in
is the resistance that focuses on the impossibility of taking a part out of its context. Can we
imagine a human being uninfluenced by having a body, or uninfluenced by being part of a
community?
Bennet describes the animacy of things as vibrant matter. Chen, in their book Animacies ,does
not use the language of vibrancy, instead opting for animacy. Bennet and Chen plead a similar
8

case, Chen focusing more on the relationships between people and things, and Bennet
focusing on the relationships between things. Both Chen and Bennet are arguing against a
binary distinction between animate and inanimate, between life and matter.
Chen argues that a distinction between the animate and the inanimate, the alive and the dead
cannot be a strict binary one. Animacy must be read on a continuing spectrum. To explain
this, they give the reader some boundary straddling cases from both human experience and the
experience of matter. Chen argues that though stones have an animacy of near zero on the
scale of animacy they are not the binary opposite of animacy. Rocks change, be it in a way
and on a time frame that is imperceptible to most humans, and are therefore animated. (Chen,
2012)
Both Bennet and Chen argue that the line drawn between the animate and the inanimate
creates a problem in our thinking about certain border straddling cases. Bennet (2010) names
food as an example. Food is considered matter; however, it becomes part of our bodies and
therefore becomes part of an animate being. Chen uses toxicity in the same way. A toxin
outside of a body, floating in the air for example in the form of pollution is a non-organic
piece of matter. However, once it is breathed in by an animate being, we must reassess its
separateness. Once it is inside a living organism and influencing it, does it become organic?
Does it become alive? For these pieces of matter, it is not useful to maintain a binary
distinction between the animate and the inanimate because they exist in the space between
fully animate and fully inanimate.
According to Chen, the binary distinction between the animate and the inanimate is an
extension of the binary distinction between the body and the soul, or the body and the mind.
Descartes is often given the dubious honour of bringing the sharp distinction between the soul
or mind and the body into modern thinking. A simplified version of the argument Descartes
makes is that one can doubt anything except that you have doubt; that something is thinking.
In Meditations he therefore famously concludes “Cogito ergo sum”; I think, therefore I am
(Descartes& Cottingham. 2013). This resulted in a sharpening of the distinction between
thought and body. The thinking part becomes more strongly separated from the body by the
awareness that we can prove the existence of thought without a doubt, but we cannot prove
the existence of the body in the same way. Thought becomes separate from physicality
because once we have proven thought we must still prove the body via the existence of
thought. They are not, in the Cogito argument, part of one whole. In this argument I am my
thoughts, more than I am my body. Descartes was writing in a Christian tradition that had for
9

a long time made a distinction between the body and the soul as two radically different parts.
Bennet and Chen argue that this distinction is similar and related to the distinction between
animate and inanimate, between life and matter. Cartesian dualism is a dualism between the I
that thinks and therefore must be, and that which is around the I. It creates a distinction
between the one subject I and the objects around it. The I cannot prove the definite existence
of other subjects or objects around it. Knowledge for Descartes starts with the subject. This
creates certain problems, once one starts with thinking as the primary way to prove existence
it becomes exceedingly difficult to prove anything beyond the isolated subject.
This isolation of the subject results in the other minds problem. How can we definitively
know that there are other minds, other subjects, around us if we cannot see them think? Max
Scheler in The Nature of Sympathy (1979) argues that the other minds problem comes from a
false idea that we are unable to experience other minds. According to Scheler we experience
other minds before we know our own. We are always already in community. The other minds
problem assumes a situation in which we can imagine a lone subject. According to Scheler it
is impossible to imagine a subject on its own since the existence of a subject is determined by
the subjects’ community (Scheler, 1979). The subject is part of its context, but the context is
also part of the subject. Consequently, the subject cannot be imagined without its context
without damaging our full understanding of the subject. For example, we cannot accurately
imagine who we would be and how we would think had we been raised without our family
and extended community.
Bennet´s argument seems similar. Bennet argues that we are not only already in community
with other subjects, we are also in community with things. Even within the human body we
are a community of things, vibrant things, acting together in the human assemblage.
(…) human power is itself a kind of thing-power. At one level this claim is
uncontroversial: it is easy to acknowledge that humans are composed of
various material parts (the minerality of our bones, or the metal of our
blood, or the electricity of our neurons). But it is more challenging to
conceive of these materials as lively and self-organizing. Rather than as
passive or mechanical means under the direction of something nonmaterial,
that is, an active soul or mind. (Bennet, 2010, p. 10)
Bennet argues that human power is a form of thing power. Humans are, she argues, not a
combination of material animated by the soul or the mind. Rather we should understand the
10

human body as an assemblage of its own. Everything in the body is part of that body’s
animacy, not merely the mind located in the brain. Bennet argues that a human power, when
we look at the body as an assemblage of already vibrant matter, can be understood as thing
power. Human bodies comprise many things; bones, blood cells, gut microbes, and all these
things participate in the human body to facilitate the ability of the body to function. Bennet
argues, akin to Scheler, that we are always already in community. In fact, we cannot imagine
a subject outside of a context of things.
In this section, I have explained how Bennet and Chen argue for an erosion of the binary
between the animate and the inanimate. Chen argues that the binary between the animate and
the inanimate comes from Cartesian dualism between the body and the soul. I have explained
how I think Bennet and Chen’s arguments are similar to Scheler’s argument, an understanding
of the subject outside of their context is impossible. The subject must be theorised within a
context, and according to Bennet and Chen the power of things must be part of this context. In
the following section, I will further analyse what it would mean to theorise matter as vibrant.
According to Bennet, theorising matter as vibrant would have the potential to change the way
we engage with our environment and how we consume matter.

What does it mean for matter to be vibrant or animate?
Bennet argues that changing the way we look at matter would have the potentiality of
changing how we engage with matter. She submits that capitalism, although often accused of
being materialist, encourages a strange combination of materiality and non-materiality.
Within capitalism, things are disposable and interchangeable.
(…) American materialism, which requires buying ever-increasing numbers
of products purchased in ever shorter cycles, is antimateriality. The sheer
volume of commodities, and the hyperconsumptive necessity of junking
them to make room for new ones, conceals the vitality of matter. (Bennet,
2010, p. 4)
Bennet argues that though it may seem like capitalism is a system rooted in materiality, it is in
fact oppositional to understanding matter as vibrant. Matter that is constantly thrown away in
order to make space for more matter conceals the way all matter is distinct. If things are made

11

to be thrown away, as they are in our current economic system, to continue the consumption
and production of more things, it is consumption and not materiality that is prioritized.
Bennet uses Theodore Adorno’s concept of non-identity to illustrate what it would mean to
think of matter as vibrant, and why consumerism clouds this vibrancy. Adorno argues in
Negative Dialectics (1973) for a materialist philosophy. Adorno argues against Immanuel
Kant’s separation of the noumena and the phenomena, According to Kant phenomena are the
things humans can see and experience in the world with noumena being the truth humans
have no way of accessing because humans experience everything through our own lens.
Adorno argues that Kant makes a clean separation between the things to which humans have
access and the things to which we do not have access (Adorno, 1973).
According to Adorno these things are always intertwined. Adorno argues that there is always
something about a thing that exists outside the grasp of our categorisation of it. Adorno refers
to this as the non-identical. For example, imagine a bowl, according to Adorno, within our
capitalist scheme this bowl has a determined exchange value. This bowl can be exchanged for
any other bowl of the same worth. However, argues Adorno, there is always something about
a particular bowl that is non-identical, that cannot be exchanged for any other bowl of the
same value, it has something that refuses to be objectified. “Objects do not go into their
concepts without leaving a remainder” (Adorno, 1973, p. 5). There is, according to Adorno,
always something ungraspable about a thing, it cannot fully be incorporated within the
concepts we use to describe it. Matter, understood this way, is defiant and refuses complete
intelligibility.
Non-identity, as Adorno calls it, refuses reconciliation with the concepts we use to describe it.
The human ethical project for Adorno is acknowledging and making peace with the parts of a
thing that refuse our conceptualisation (Adorno, 1973). According to Bennet the way to do
this is through understanding Vibrant Materiality. This means understanding that things have
a life of their own that we as humans cannot capture within our framework of exchange value
and acknowledging that things that seem identical are on a fundamental level non-identical.
Bennet argues that this has the potentiality to change the way we relate to matter, and with
that the way we relate to our environment. If we start to see matter as being nonidentical and
vibrant things we can relate to our things as being irreplaceable (Bennet, 2010). The
irreplaceability of things could mean we cannot uphold a culture in which things are
disposable. If we break a vase, and the vase is nonidentical, that means we cannot replace this
12

vase, even with one that looks identical. On a larger scale this would mean engaging with
matter ethically instead of opportunistically.
In the previous section, I have explained what Bennet thinks the importance is of theorising
matter as vibrant. Following Adorno, she sees the vibrancy of matter as something that
refuses to be quite captured by the human need to categorise. According to Adorno this
categorisation makes it possible to make things interchangeable. However, there is always
something non-identical about things that refuse categorisation. This is what Bennet defines
as vibrant matter. According to Bennet theorising vibrant matter in this way allows for a
radically different relationship to our environment. If we think of our environment as
nonidentical and vibrant and as something that is not intelligible, we would necessarily need
to care more for it. If we see an environment as unintelligible it means we cannot act within it
as if we know every result our actions are going to have. When an action may have
unforeseen results or consequences that means we must be more thoughtful with our actions
and consider an environment not only as a resource but also as an irreplaceable thing that may
act in mysterious ways.

Responsibility and blame
In this section, I will explain how responsibility can be understood within the context of
human and more than human assemblages. If the subject can never be the sole cause of an
event, how do we think of responsibility and blame? I will further explore what it would
mean to think of matter as vibrant. I will discuss the politics of assemblages and how Bennet
argues we can theorise responsibility and shared causality.
Returning to the imagined assemblage of I-stone-wind-duck-lake, I did not intend to hit the
duck, and could probably not have predicted this would happen. However, there is still the
inclination to say that someone must be responsible, perhaps even to blame, for the duck
being hit by the stone. On a larger scale this also happens with political problems. Who is, for
example, responsible for a war, a famine, an injustice? We cannot blame a politician for a war
when we keep in mind the way this politician is only one part of an assemblage, a cog in the
machine, and they may not be the most influential part. Bennet uses a power outage in August
of 2003 as an illustration of this problem: A power grid relies on two types of generated
electricity, active and reactive power. In 1992 the US approved a division between the
production and distribution of electricity, meaning that electricity is produced in a power plant
13

and then distributed to companies to sell, sometimes to places much further away from the
power plant. Active power travels well, but reactive power does not. This can create a reactive
power deficit. Power plants can make extra reactive power but often do not, to spare expense,
and companies do not have the power to force them to produce this reactive power. This
specific power outage happened when suddenly the stream of electricity in the power grid
started flowing backwards. Bennet states that this is not just an example that can be explained
by referring to human agency. It is an assemblage of company greed, housing scarcity,
American imperialism, the flighty nature of electrons, and wildfires. Human agency plays a
part in these but is not the sole agent. Even in company greed and housing scarcity the
environment plays a large role. A lack of resources, or a lack of suitable building ground may
influence these human problems. Bennet refers to a theory of distributive agency:
A theory of distributive agency, in contrast, does not posit a subject as the
root cause of an effect. There are instead always a swarm of vitalities at
play. The task becomes to identify the contours of the swarm and the kind of
relations that obtain between its bits. To figure the generative source of
effects as a swarm is to see human intentions as always in competition and
confederation. (Bennet, 2010, pp. 31–32)
Distributive agency would acknowledge that human actions are only a part of a larger
assemblage. Human action is always participating within an assemblage. We are building our
houses and living our lives among matter, and the state of this matter influences human
actions and agencies. We may have to live close together due to mountains preventing wider
building, we may use certain materials more than others because they can be found in the
area, and fight over other, scarcer, materials. Sometimes human agency is working against the
trajectory of the assemblage, sometimes it is working with the trajectory of the assemblage.
The way we should look at agency is by looking at the whole trajectory of the “swarm of
vitalities” and the way these vitalities relate to each other. Questions we could ask would be:
How does human action relate to the environment it is in? How do the materialities influence
the trajectory of political or ethical decisions?
Perhaps the ethical responsibility of an individual human now resides in
one’s response to the assemblage in which one finds oneself participating:
Do I attempt to extricate myself from an assemblage whose trajectory is
likely to do harm? (Bennet, 2010, p. 37)
14

Bennet argues that human responsibility within the thinking of complicated assemblages with
unpredictable trajectories may be the way we do or do not participate in an assemblage. If we
can predict that the assemblage we participate in has a trajectory that will likely cause harm, it
is our responsibility to exit this assemblage. Imagine you are usually active for a certain
political party, but in this year’s election plan they announce they want to privatise healthcare,
and you think that privatising healthcare will cause long term harm. Bennet’s argument seems
to indicate you should seek a different political party to support and exit this assemblage that
now has a harmful trajectory. For many examples Bennet’s argument works well, if we see a
structure we are participating in become violent, it would be best to take our individual
agency elsewhere and not contribute in the harm. If we think like Bennet, we need to exit
assemblages which we think have a harmful trajectory.
However, as Bennet has already shown us, assemblages are complex and unpredictable. What
then happens in cases where we cannot extricate ourselves from an assemblage, even if we
think the trajectory is harmful? We are always already complicit in certain structures we
cannot fully opt out of. How can we consider a way in which we acknowledge our
participation in certain assemblages with harmful trajectories, like climate injustice or social
injustice? In this thesis I want to consider an ethics of complicity that is formulated in the
book Moominpappa at Sea. I argue this story helps us to better understand the vibrancy of
matter, and that it could provide a way to contemplate an ethics of complicity where we have
responsibility for and to vibrant materiality.

Complicity and ethics of care/responsibility
In the previous section, I explained how Bennet argues that human agency is always
influenced by other humans, structures, and things. When we think of agency as distributive
in this way it becomes easier to recognise the agency of things. Humans, Things and
Structures together participate in assemblages that have certain trajectories that are not
determined by any individual participant but rather by the assemblage as a whole. Bennet
argues that the way to act ethically within this theory is to extricate oneself from an
assemblage with a harmful trajectory. I argue that extrication is not always possible. Some
assemblages implicate us, without the possibility of removing ourselves from them. In this
section, I will explore another way to look at ethics and vibrant matter. I will examine further
how Bennet thinks of ethics and responsibility, and how we can think differently about this. I
15

will examine Levinasian ethics and the possibility of responsibility to things. In addition, I
will explain the concept of complicity.
Bennet in Vibrant Matter describes the way we are all part of a context. The subject can never
be theorised on her own, she needs to be theorised within her context. Bennet describes this as
a process that lessens our responsibility. We are only part of a larger whole, and therefore
never the sole cause of any event. However, we can also read this as a movement that makes
us more responsible, since we are potentially taking part in everything that is happening in the
world, even if the part we take is small, or very small. This can mean that in some
assemblages we participate in such small amounts that our responsibility is negligible.
However, there remain enough assemblages in which we can consider the responsibility we
have for the assemblage we participate in.
Bennet argues that when we see humans as part of their context, and part of an assemblage of
actants, a single human can never bear the full responsibility for an event. “A theory of
vibrant matter presents individuals as simply incapable of bearing full responsibility for their
effects” (Bennet, 2010, p. 37). We are always part of an assemblage of human and nonhuman
actants. Bennet imagines that a choice must made when we look at responsibility. We need to
choose between political outrage and acknowledgement of distributive agency:
It is ultimately a matter of political judgment of what is more needed today:
should we acknowledge the distributive quality of agency to address the
power of human-nonhuman assemblages and to resist a politics of blame?
Or should we persist with a strategic understatement of material agency in
the hopes of enhancing the accountability of specific humans? (Bennet,
2010, p. 38)
Bennet acknowledges the importance of moral outrage at injustice. Bennet argues outrage is
important to the functioning of a democratic system, however, politics should not only be
based on outrage. Paying closer attention to the nuanced web of agents involved in an event is
important in order to, as Bennet states “detach ethics from moralism” (Bennet, 2010, p. 38).
Detaching ethics from moralism according to Bennet would be acknowledging that there are
no singularly good or singularly bad agents, where the good agents ought to punish the bad
agents. However, Bennet argues, we do need to hold people, especially political leaders
responsible. Political leaders are not the sole cause of any injustice, Bennet states, but we
sometimes need to enhance the accountability of these figures (Bennet, 2010). The key here I
16

think is the political leader, or any leader, having chosen to become responsible for an
assemblage, like a country. We hold the prime minister responsible for laws passed. We know
she is not the only agent in the passing of this law, she is not even the only human agent, but
she is the person who has taken responsibility for these political decisions. Therefore, we can
hold her responsible in this way that Bennet refers to as “strategic” (Bennet, 2010, p. 38).
I am interested in the question of ethics and responsibility within Bennet’s description of
vibrant matter. Bennet, in her thinking through ethics, focuses very much on politics and
justice. Emmanuel Levinas in Totality and Infinity: An Essay on Exteriority (1991) states that
our ethics begin with the responsibility we have to the Other. Political responsibility and
personal responsibility are different in the sense that political responsibility is a responsibility
of all citizens, not a responsibility of one specific person to an Other. When we meet the
Other, they express to us a need and we feel a responsibility to them. We can choose how we
react to this responsibility, we can ignore it, but it is impossible not to act.
I can recognize the gaze of the stranger, the widow, and the orphan only in
giving or in refusing; I am free to go or to refuse, but my recognition passes
necessarily through the interposition of things. Things are not, as in
Heidegger, the foundation of the site, the quintessence of all the relations
that constitute our presence on the earth (and “under the humans, in
company with men, and in the expectation of the gods”). The relationship
between the same and the other, my welcoming of the other, is the ultimate
fact, and in it the things figure not as what one builds but as what one gives.
(Levinas, 1991, p. 77)
Levinas argues here that when we meet the gaze of the stranger, we have the choice between
giving and refusing. We no longer have the ability to do nothing. When we take this into
account, we can see an ethics of responsibility in which things can take part. Despite not
being the singular cause of an event, by meeting it face to face we become responsible. A
historical approach to ethics is usually concerned with questions of justice. The question
“what is just” is always part of a question of objectivity. Justice must be something there is a
measure for, be it a law book or the divine word of God. What is just needs to be just for
everyone; something cannot be just in one case and unjust in another case of the same kind.
Someone needs to be subject to justice even if they disagree with this notion of justice. If we
say it is unjust to kill, the murderer must stand trial even if the murderer argues that for them
it is just to kill. Ethics of justice seem to be a form of boundaries, we must only think about
17

justice when we see the boundary, but justice is not inherently a part of our daily life. We
think of justice when we are coming upon an injustice. When we approach ethics in the way
Levinas suggests, not just as a matter of what is just, but as a way to see what responsibilities
we already have to the Other, we get a very different kind of ethical analysis. When the
question becomes “what are my responsibilities to you?” ethics becomes a personal
endeavour that is part of every interaction, rather than something enforced on a general level.
The ethical demand Others make on us, and the responsibility we have to meet it means we
have no choice to opt out of ethics. It is already there in all the spaces between people,
whether we acknowledge it or not. Not acting upon the ethical demand of an Other is still an
ethical choice, and usually not a particularly kind one.
Levinas argues that it is the face to face encounter between humans that causes us to see the
responsibility we have to the Other (Levinas,1991). Despite this I would argue the idea of an
ethics based on encounters makes behaving ethically to things possible. Bill Brown in Thing
Theory explains how the difference between the object and the thing is that things are objects
that appear to us as individual and irreplaceable. We can become aware of the thingness of
objects by encountering them as specific instead of general. When we use a hammer, we do
not consider the individuality of the hammer, it is replaceable by any other hammer. When
this hammer breaks, we become aware of this specific hammer (Brown, 2001). What is
happening in the moment where we recognise the thingness of the object is a moment which
we could see as a meeting with the object. We recognise the individuality of the thing and
could recognise the ethical demand the thing makes upon us.
When ethics is not seen as an overarching structure but rather as something that naturally
occurs within an encounter, we can start to consider the encounters we have with the nonhuman, and also recognise our responsibility in those encounters. In this way we do not have
to introduce ethics into a theory of vibrant materiality. We can use the theory of vibrant
materiality to become aware of the responsibility we already have to assemblages and things.
Secret Feminist Agenda is a peer reviewed podcast hosted by scholar Hannah McGregor,
where McGregor invites guests on the podcast to speak about a variety of topics. In Episode
2.26 Getting Deeply Into Sourdough with Emily Hoven (27.7.2018), McGregor speaks to
fellow academic Emily Hoven about sourdough. McGregor and Hoven discuss the ethics of
care in connection with sourdough. Sourdough starter is a cultivated wild yeast used to make
bread rise. McGregor says this about the relationship between ethics of care and the
sourdough starter:
18

And there's something about what you were saying about sourdough starter,
you put flour and water in a container together and then the ecosystem of
your kitchen turns it into something, and that's such a reminder that we are
in these relationships always already to all of these living ecosystems
around us that we can ignore if we want, and we cannot care for if we want,
but that's a choice, and that's a violent choice. So, what are other ways of
being in relationship to the many, many things we're sharing space with?
(McGregor, 2018, p. 4)2
McGregor notes here that we as humans are always already in relation to our environment and
our context. Thinking of ourselves as individual and separate from our environment “is a
choice, and that’s a violent choice”. This seems to align with what Levinas states about our
responsibility to the other. We are always already responsible to the Other, because they make
a demand on us, and this demand does not give us the choice to opt out of responsibility to the
Other. Levinas speaks exclusively of the Other as an encounter with a human face. However,
if we can manage to meet the non-human other and recognise them as Other this allows us to
theorise responsibility to an assemblage or a thing.
McGregor describes complicity in her work Complicit Witnessing: Distant Suffering in
Contemporary White Canadian Women’s Writing (2013). Here McGregor describes the two
possible definitions of complicity:
Complicity is an allusive word, defined as a state of both “being an
accomplice … in an evil action” (def. 1) and “being complex or involved”
(def. 2). To unpack these definitions further: “accomplice” suggests
partnership and accompaniment, generally in a crime or wrongdoing.
“Complex” is defined as “[c]onsisting of or comprising various parts united
or connected together” (def. 1), while “involved” suggests being
“[e]nfolded, enwrapped” (def. 1b). Involvement and accompaniment gesture
to the sort of affiliations I have been outlining, while being enwrapped also
evokes something of what [Sarah]Ahmed describes as the stickiness of
complicity, the seeming impossibility of escaping a position of implication.
(McGregor, 2013, pp. 16–17)

2

The source is a transcript of an audio recording and has been edited for clarity.

19

Complicity according to McGregor has two possible definitions. One is a legal definition, to
be an accomplice in a crime. The other is being complex, to consist out of a multiplicity, to be
part of something, or to be involved, meaning to be enmeshed, which ties into what Bennet
refers to as assemblages. To be complicit seems, in its second definition, connected to being
part of an assemblage. McGregor mentions Sara Ahmed’s description of the “stickiness” of
complicity. This points to the way we all become complicit by being. When Levinas states
that we cannot escape the responsibility we have to the Other, that ties into the way we are
always complicit. By being in the world we are complicit, precisely because we are
responsible. By being responsible to Others we become complicit in harm we participate in
through being part of an assemblage.
Bennet states the difficulty in blaming individuals for the harm they do. Bennet also argues
that to behave ethically while acknowledging the vibrancy of materiality may mean to
extricate oneself from assemblages with a harmful trajectory. However, this seems to rely on
the idea that ethics needs to be introduced into a theory of vibrant materiality. Bennet is trying
to introduce ethics in her theory by describing how we need to view our own responsibility
and hold others responsible if they are not the singular cause of an event. By diminishing the
importance of human agency Bennet worries that it becomes hard to hold people responsible
for their actions.
Levinas, however, argues that ethics never need to be introduced; they are already there,
within the meeting with the Other. If we theorise this meeting as involving not only the
human but also the non-human other, we can use the ethics of responsibility as described by
Levinas to understand the responsibility we have in a world of vibrant materiality. McGregor
argues that to be complicit means that we are always already part of harm. We are part of
larger assemblages that cause harm. Despite not causing the harm by ourselves, and only
being a part of an assemblage, we do have a responsibility to the Other we encounter to work
against the harm we are part of causing them. Within the theory of human and non-human
assemblages Bennet proposes this means we have both more and less responsibility to the
Other than as a singular subject. We have less responsibility because we are never the sole
cause of an event. However, we have more responsibility because we play a part in much
more assemblages than interpersonal relationships. We, as individual subjects, do not cause
climate change. However, we do play a part in the assemblage of climate change. Because we
do play a part, we therefore have a responsibility to act towards and within these assemblages.

20

21

Chapter 2: Methods
The importance of stories
In the previous chapter I have explained how Bennet and Chen describe vibrant matter. I have
explained the key concepts of vibrant materialism. I have discussed assemblages as ways to
conceptualise the distributive agency of things as a swarm of vitalities moving forward
together in a non-hierarchical trajectory. I have also described Bennet’s ethical claim that
when we think of matter as vibrant and agency as distributive, behaving ethically means
removing yourself from assemblages with a harmful trajectory. I have argued for the
possibility of a different approach using ethics of responsibility as proposed by Levinas.
In this chapter I will detail the method I have used to analyse Moominpappa at Sea. I have
primarily focused on ways to use stories as more than illustrations to a theory. This method is
proposed in different ways by indigenous scholars like Kim Tallbear (2015), and nonindigenous scholars like Toril Moi (2011). I will explain these theories and the importance of
stories in philosophy, then I will explain how I applied them in my analysis of Moominpappa
at Sea.
In this thesis I will pay particular attention to stories, specifically I will look at stories in the
Moomins series by Tove Jansson. These books were written as children’s books, though they
are widely enjoyed by adults and some (like Moominpappa at Sea) are considered part of the
Finland-Swedish literary canon. Bennet, Chen, and Tesar and Arndt (2016) also look
specifically at stories written for children. Other authors look at art (Horton, 2013) or stories
for adults (Tallbear, 2015). Bennet mentions there is a quality specifically in children’s stories
that reverberates with the concept of vibrant materiality. This is because in the Western canon
children’s stories are more likely to feel comfortable with a certain amount of animism or
anthropomorphism. Bennet explains why she uses stories:
It [a story] can direct sensory, linguistic, and imaginative attention towards
material vitality. The advantage of such tales, with their ambitious naiveté,
is that though they “disavow … the topological work, the psychological
work, and the phenomenological work entailed in the human production of
materiality,” they do so “in the name of avowing the questions that have
been too readily foreclosed by more familiar fetishizations: the fetishization
of the subject, the image, the world. (Bennet, 2010, p. 19)
22

Bennet makes the claim that stories are good ways of becoming aware of the vibrancy of
matter. Bennet argues that it, in the words of Bill Brown, “disavows” the way humans are
usually engaged with the world as objects rather than things. In his essay Thing Theory (2001)
Brown takes this distinction between object and thing from Heidegger. The object goes
unnoticed, we do not notice the peculiarity of a hammer while it is functioning, it is merely a
tool. However, once the hammer breaks it reveals its thingness by no longer being effortlessly
accessible. When something breaks, we become aware of its individuality and peculiarity by
the fact that we are forced to consider it as a thing. Bennet argues that stories have this same
power to make us see the thingness of objects by seeing them outside of their use as tools
(Brown, 2001). A description of a hammer can have the same effect of revealing thingness as
a hammer breaking. We are forced to consider the hammer as thing precisely because of the
way it has been presented to us through literature. The description of a hammer can never be
effortlessly accessible because it is not a tool. This makes thingness easier to access through
stories, because we cannot mindlessly use the objects in the story as objects. The objects in a
story are imagined objects, rendering them as a thing rather than an object. We do not have
access to a hammer in a story in the same way we have access to the object of a hammer. A
hammer in a story cannot be taken out of the story to hang a painting, and even when in the
story it is used to hang a painting, a story is a conscious telling of an event (real or imaginary)
and therefore never a mindless use. Instead of using it without thinking we must put effort
only into the hammer as a thing, a description of its particularity rather than an object.
Using stories is therefore not only a good medium through which it is possible to show the
vitality of matter. It is also a medium through which the vitality of matter may be understood
better than through pure theory. Stories can function as a way we become aware of the
thingness of objects, of the animacy of things that in Western philosophical tradition are
usually seen as inanimate. Stories can teach us ways to think about matter that cannot
necessarily be grasped in theory alone. In The idea of a social science and its relation to
philosophy (1990) Peter Winch describes the human sciences as different in kind from the
natural sciences. The human sciences are doing something else, asking different questions,
than the natural sciences. The human sciences seem to be more concerned with stories and
less with the ability to find exact laws of nature. Winch uses Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet
as an example to illustrate how a story is not translatable into a measurable, quantifiable thing.
The story as a story gives us important information, that outside of a story is very difficult to
communicate. You can distil a story to its base principles, or its roots in biology, but it will
23

feel like a reduction. Winch states that one can describe literary motives in the shape of
biological urges, but these two are not interchangeable:
But would it be intelligent to try to explain how Romeo’s love for Juliet
enters into his behaviour in the same terms as we might want to apply to the
rat whose sexual excitement makes him run across an electrically charged
grid to reach his mate? Does not Shakespeare do this much better?” (Winch,
1990 p. 77)
The story of Romeo and Juliet could be described by the biological drive to procreate we can
see in most animals. However, to describe it as such would result in a completely different
story. Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet may clarify something to us about family, love and
adolescence that is not reducible to laws of nature and biological drives. Looking at literature
and stories through the lens of the humanities they can be used not only as material to
illustrate an existing theory but also as a work that in itself gives an account of thought.
Stories are important in theorising vibrant materiality. Many indigenous peoples see
materiality as animate and think of this through a narrative tradition. “Of particular interest in
this literature [Indigenous literature] is the attention to the purposes of non-human agents, the
examples of ethical reciprocity with nonhuman agents, and the treatment of narratives
themselves as agential beings” (Rosiek & Snyder, 2019). Rosiek and Snyder in their paper
Narrative Inquiry and New Materialism: Stories as (Not Necessarily Benign) Agents (2018)
discuss the way Indigenous stories often already are aware of the vibrancy of matter. Matter
in these stories is animate by default, things have important relationships with people and
animals that sometimes are described as bonds of kin. Tallbear in her article An Indigenous
Reflection On Working Beyond The Human/Not Human (2015) notes this about indigenous
stories in the Sioux tradition: “Our stories avoid the hierarchical nature- culture and animalhuman split that has enabled domineering human management, naming, controlling, and
’saving’ of nature” (Tallbear, 2015, p. 235). The importance of this is that humans often feel
like we can control, manage or save nature. What Tallbear notes here is that, if we are to take
a theory of vital materiality seriously, we need to look at materiality as something that we are,
not something that we can control or save.
In their study The Story Is a Living Being: Companionship With Stories in Anishinabeeg
Studies (2018), Kathleen Westcott and Eva Garroutte explore the agency that stories have in
the Anishinabeeg traditions, these stories often treat the narrative itself as a thing or being
24

with agency. Westcott and Garroutte argue that for these stories it is also important to ask
yourself if you are being a good companion to a story. Stories are treated as beings with
agency, with which one can have ethical engagement. To tell a story while being a good
companion to it is to listen to the agency of the story and follow it where it wants to go. How
can one be a good companion to a story you are analysing? I think the question of following
the agency of the story in an analysis is comparable to how Toril Moi describes the adventure
of reading. Moi argues that we should not use literature as a mere illustration of philosophical
ideas, but rather see the story itself as something that can present us with new ideas. In this
way you are not rifling through the story and only taking what can illustrate your point, but
rather engaging with it as if it is a thing of worth in itself.
Moi in her essay The Adventure Of Reading: Literature And Philosophy, Cavell And
Beauvoir (2011) argues that literature can work with philosophy. However, literature should
not be treated only as illumination of pre-existing philosophical theories, instead it should be
seen as working ‘behind philosophy’s back’:
Literature works ‘behind philosophy’s back’. Yet its work is not ‘outside’
philosophy, but ‘essential’ to it, as if philosophy has to turn around, to look
behind itself to find fundamental ‘illuminations’ it can’t find in any other
way. (Moi, 2011, p. 129)
Moi argues that, as Stanley Cavell says, literature should not be a mere illustration of
philosophy. Literature works behind the back of philosophy but does not go outside of
philosophy. Moi explains that philosophy and literature can add to each other. Literature can
be used to reach conclusions that would have been impossible with pure theory. Moi in her
essay uses Simone de Beauvoir to nuance this point. According to Moi literature is, as de
Beauvoir describes, an adventure the reader can be taken on if she adopts the right mentality.
This allows the reader to become the Other while remaining herself at the same time. This
absorbing power of literature is different than the power of philosophy. An academic essay
cannot truly transport the reader in the same way literature (and other art forms) can. We use
imagination both with art and academia, however, art and literature are forms that can activate
the imagination without the necessity of working towards understanding, academic texts have
as a goal to make the reader understand something, and imagination is a tool that can be used
to get the reader to understand the theory. Moi argues that it is this adventure that makes
literature a valuable asset to philosophy. It has a power to transport the reader and make clear
structures and concepts that philosophy could not have got to on its own. “(…) to read well is
25

to bring to the text a certain quality of attention which she characterises as a willingness to
participate in the ‘adventure’ offered by the text.” (Moi, 2011, p. 136).
In this thesis, I treat Moominpappa at Sea as a philosophical work in its own right. I
understand Jansson as a thinker who writes on similar themes as Bennet. In this thesis, my
method for reading Moominpappa at Sea has been reading Moominpappa at Sea and Vibrant
Matter as books on similar themes that help to explain each other as well as argue against
each other. I treat Moominpappa at Sea as a literary work that offers a nuanced view of the
topic of vibrant materiality, as well as other topics. I have chosen to focus on the themes of
vibrant materiality.
Initially, I thought I would use Moominpappa at Sea as an illustration of Bennet’s theory.
However, I participated in/attended a seminar where Ylva Perera discussed her paper Från
Djurets Synvinkel Är Människan Nazisten (2019) which led me to re-evaluate my literary
analysis. Perera discussed how she in her article endeavours to treat the literary writer Mirjam
Tuominen as a thinker. Approaching the work of Tuominen not as an illustration or example
of a philosophical theory, but rather seeing her work as a work of philosophical importance in
and of itself (Perera, 2019). This aligned much more with how I see the role of literature
within philosophy, and led me to change my approach to literary analysis and regard Tove
Jansson as a thinker rather than her work as an example of a philosophical theory.
Moi describes the method Cavell endorses for reading literature as “letting the work teach us
how to read it”. We should read a literary work in much the same way we read a philosophical
work:
What does this sort of reading look like? Well, we often begin by trying to
get at least a general idea of what the work is about, what its major concerns
form and concepts are. At first, we may only form a hazy idea of the whole.
To get a clearer view, we zoom in on key concepts, study the examples,
circle back to passages that illuminate them, look for the arguments, the
contradictions, and the exceptions. In the end, we come out with a workable
understanding of the book’s concerns. (Moi, 2011, pp. 131–132)
Moi describes the method of reading a literary work as a philosophical work. We read the text
to get the general idea, then we read it again and highlight what we may call key themes. We
read and reread, identifying arguments and usable passages to get the overview of what the
book is about. Of course, a philosophical work and a literary work are different in the way
26

they offer concepts and understanding. The intention of a literary work is not necessarily to
make an argument, but rather to make space for an experience. Moi refers to this as an
adventure. This is, according to Moi, the central difference between a literary and a
philosophical work, a literary work is meant to make the reader experience something, while
the philosophical work is meant to make the reader understand a theory. The experience in the
case of literature can take place without full understanding of the work, understanding tends
to not be the goal of literature, while an academic text has understanding as a goal, and
experience might get the reader there.
In my reading of Moominpappa at Sea I identified three core concepts that I see as the book’s
central descriptions of relationships to the natural and object world. I discuss these in terms of
control, cultivation, and complicity. I use these themes to examine the way Jansson describes
the relationships between the characters and the natural world and how these relationships
evolve the longer they are in this environment. I use other theories to explain where Jansson’s
account relates to other philosophical theories. I use Moominpappa at Sea as a work that can
provide additions to and argue with the philosophical theories I use in my thesis. I explore the
type of natural agency Jansson describes. Jansson describes wilderness and chaos as a form of
natural agency. I compare the wilderness and the way the characters relate to it to the genre of
ecohorror as discussed by Pietari Kääpä in Ecology and Contemporary Nordic Cinemas
(2015). Ecohorror however ends with the relationship between wilderness and humans being
terminated, humans must either leave or die. Jansson’s wilderness allows for a continuation of
the complicated relationship between the characters and the natural world.

27

Chapter 3: Analysis
Relationships to matter
In this chapter I will analyse the different relationships the Moomin characters have with the
island they move to when they leave Moominvalley. I will analyse the ways Jansson’s work
corresponds with and argues against Bennet’s work in Vibrant Matter. I will begin with a
general introduction to the Moomins and what they are. Then I will summarise the story of
Moominpappa at Sea and discuss previous scholarship. In the next sections I will explore the
categories of control, cultivation, and complicity. After this I shall examine the particular kind
of agency the island is described as having.

Moominpappa at Sea
Moomins are small trolls created by Jansson, they live in the Gulf of Finland in
Moominvalley. Moomins are often seen as emblematic of kindness and hospitality, providing
home and comfort for all kinds of different creatures through nine books and a comic strip
written over a period of two decades. Despite the Moomin characters being obviously nonhuman, in these books they function as humanoid. Their behaviours and lifestyles are
anthropomorphic and in this thesis I will be treating them as taking the place of the human in
this human free world. Moominpappa at Sea is the eighth and second-to-last book in the
Moomin series. In Moominpappa at Sea the central characters are Moominpappa,
Moominmamma, their son Moomintroll and their adoptive daughter Little My. Moominpappa
is an adventurer; he loves fires and big storms. In Moominpappa at Sea he tires of their safe
existence in Moominvalley and takes his family along on his adventure to start a new life in a
lighthouse on an island far out in the Gulf of Finland. Moominmamma gardens, bakes, and
welcomes everyone into her home in Moominvalley. When the Moomins leave
Moominvalley she is initially excited but later becomes terribly homesick.
Moomintroll is a young troll who is very close to his mother. However, in Moominpappa at
Sea he starts to emancipate himself from his parents. He moves out of his parents’ new house
and starts a life of his own. Little My is a ferocious little creature who says what she feels
without much regard for others. She lives her own life and is quite independent from the rest
of the family. In addition to these central characters, there is also the Fisherman, a mysterious
figure who lives alone on the island when the Moomin family arrives. The Groke is a
frightening cold creature that follows the Moomin family from their home in Moominvalley
28

to their new life on the island. She freezes whatever she sits on for too long and loves the light
of the Moomin family’s storm lantern.
The book starts in Moominvalley, where everything is calm. Moominpappa feels restless and
wants to move away because there is nothing for him to fix in Moominvalley. They take the
boat out at night to move to the island with the lighthouse which they have seen only on
Moominpappa’s map. The Groke follows the light of their storm lantern as they leave. When
they arrive on the island the lighthouse is deserted and the light is off. Moominpappa takes on
the role, and the hat, of the lighthouse keeper. However, he cannot ignite the light . He tries
various other projects, such as fishing and building a jetty, but none of them go according to
plan.
Moominmamma attempts to cultivate a garden like the one she had in Moominvalley, but the
sea keeps washing it away. She misses Moominvalley terribly so she starts to paint the garden
she had on the walls of the lighthouse. She discovers she is able to disappear into these
paintings. The island begins to move at night. The trees and boulders move closer and closer
to the lighthouse. Different characters have different ideas as to why this is happening.
Moominpappa thinks the sea is bullying the island. Moomintroll thinks the island is scared of
the Groke.
Moomintroll moves out of his parents’ home in the lighthouse and into a glade he found in the
woods. Later Little My removes the ants that live there. Moomintroll falls in love with a
seahorse that dances on the beach at night. In the hopes of seeing her he takes the storm
lantern out to the beach every night. This attracts the Groke and so begins a tentative ritual
where Moomintroll brings the storm lantern and the Groke waits for him on the beach. One
day they are out of paraffin, so the lantern does not burn. However, the Groke does not seem
to notice the difference. Subsequently, the Groke no longer freezes whatever she sits on.
The island calms down after the Groke has warmed up, and Moominpappa has spoken sternly
with the sea about bullying the island. The trees and rocks return to their own spots. It is also
the birthday of the Fisherman. The Moomin family invites him to the lighthouse to celebrate.
This prompts the Fisherman to remember that he is, in fact, the Lighthouse keeper. He dons
his hat and immediately repairs the lighthouse lamp.
Several scholarly texts have analysed Moominpappa at Sea as a novel in which gendered
roles within a family become apparent. The book has multiple distinct perspectives. Niko
Antikainen in Genus i Tove Janssons roman Pappan och havet (2010) gives a linguistic
29

analysis comparing the language used by Moominpappa to the language used by
Moominmamma. Antikainen finds that even though superficially Moominpappa and
Moominmamma seem to conform to traditional gender roles, this reading can be complicated
in several instances. In Pappan, mamman och fyren: Manligt och kvinnligt i Tove Janssons
Pappan och havet och Muminpappans memoarer (2010) Sanne Sebastian Nilsson Lindberg
also write about the gendered dynamic between Moominpappa and Moominmamma in
Moominpappa at Sea. Nilsson Lindberg discuss how gender and especially manliness and
unmanliness are problematised in Moominpappa at Sea and Moominpappa’s Memoires. There
have also been analyses of the natural world and the power of spaces in the Moomin books. In
Strange vegetation: Emotional undercurrents of Tove Jansson’s Moominvalley in November
(2018) Sara Heinämaa describes the autumn forest as one of the main characters of
Moominvalley in November, the last Moomin book. In Parties as Heterotopias in Tove
Jansson’s Moomin Illustrations and Texts (2014) Sirke Happonen describes the power that
the party as a space has within the world of the Moomins. Recently a Finnish article about
Moominpappa at Sea was published by Sanna Tirkkonen. The article Yksinäisyyden tunteet
Tove Janssonin teoksessa Muumipappa ja meri (2019) deals with Finnish loneliness in
Moominpappa at Sea.
In this thesis I do not discuss the Groke much, despite the fact that she is undeniably a very
interesting Other occurring within several Moomin books. In the earlier books she is the main
antagonist, but in Moominpappa at Sea she becomes more of a sympathetic figure. In The
Unseen, the Discouraged, and the Outcast: Expressivity and the Foundations of Social
Recognition (2018) Joona Taipale discusses the Groke as a manifestation of emotions and
relationships in Moominpappa at Sea.
In this section I have explained some of the background to Moominpappa at Sea, as well as
some of the scholarship surrounding it. In the upcoming section I will give my own analysis
of Moominpappa at Sea looking specifically at the way the characters relate to matter. I focus
mainly on the relationships between the different characters and the island.
In my analysis I will explain how Jansson portrays the island as alive. In my analysis of
Moominpappa at Sea I will focus on the relationship these characters have with their
surroundings. I will analyse what the novel seems to be telling us about the way we have
relationships with nature. I will analyse the relationships the Moomin characters have with the
island through the themes of control, cultivation, and complicity. I found these themes in the
text to be the most prominent way the relationships between the different Moomin characters
30

and the island are depicted. In addition, I will analyse what kind of agency the island seems to
have, and how this fits into existing narratives of natural agency through the concept of
ecohorror as used by Kääpä.

Control
In this section I will explain the relationships of control the Moomin family, and especially
Moominpappa, has with the island and the sea.
A central point in Moominpappa at Sea is how Moominpappa is trying to control the island.
He attempts to make the island fit his idea of what it should be. Moominpappa’s form of
control is through a scientific method of documentation. He has a notebook in which he writes
down all his island observations. He is especially interested in the sea since he has an image
of himself as knowledgeable about the workings of the sea. “I’ll explain it for you,’ said
Moominpappa. ‘You must always ask me if there’s anything you don’t understand – I know
about everything connected with the sea.” (Jansson, 1984, p. 56). Moominpappa tries to claim
knowledge of the sea and the lighthouse superior to that of his family. However, this selfimage suffers as time and time again the sea and the wind do things he does not predict.
The confusing thought that the sea obeyed no rules at all returned. He tried
to dismiss it from his mind quickly. He was determined to understand, to
solve the mystery of the sea so that he would learn to like it and be able to
keep his self-respect. (Jansson, 1984 pp, 165–166)
Moominpappa is subscribing to the idea that everything about the natural world can be known
through documentation and deciphering of the rules of nature. Moominpappa states that he
needs to understand the rules of the sea, so he can learn to like it and keep his self-respect. His
self-image is tied to superior knowledge of the sea, but so is his love for the sea. He feels he
cannot like the sea if he cannot predict it. This suggests that for Moominpappa there is
nothing about the sea that is not mechanical. He is not interested in the beauty of the sea or its
eccentricities, he is interested in the way it behaves according to certain rules.
Moominpappa understands the island and the sea as something that can be controlled through
categorisation. He categorises things in order to understand them and to assign ownership to
them. When he finds a black tide pool, he forbids Little My from fishing in it, because “the
black pool is for fathers” (Jansson, 1984, p.37). He forbids himself and Moomintroll from
fishing in certain areas because Moominpappa thinks they belong to the fisherman. When he
31

categorises things, he also decides who owns them or who should have access to them. The
categorisation is not only a way to understand but also a way to make clear to others who has
access to what, and who does not have access. This also indicates that at this moment
Moominpappa is thinking of the island strictly as an object to be used and divided, rather than
as something with its own agency.
Adorno (1973) states that the way we try to capture things in concepts is a way we try to
execute control over our surroundings, if we conceptualise it and capture it in a concept it is
ours to control, because we understand it. Moominpappa in Moominpappa at Sea is trying to
do this with the island. In order to live there he feels the need to understand and control it.
Moominpappa’s ownership of the island comes back multiple times in the book.
Moominpappa himself links this ownership to having superior understanding of how to live
on the island.
However, according to Adorno this control is never fully possible, there is always something
nonidentical we cannot capture in a concept. Bennet compares this to what she calls vibrant
matter (Bennet, 2010). The way concepts and things refuse to be reconciled with each other is
frustrating to us. Moominpappa spends nearly the whole book being frustrated by the island
and the sea, because they are not letting him understand them fully. They are unwilling to be
captured. According to Adorno the ethical project here is to acknowledge the lack of
reconciliation, the way things will continue to elude concepts (Adorno, 1990). According to
Bennet we should acknowledge our own part in this non-identity, or vibrant materiality. We
must acknowledge that we are part of this world of nonidentical or vibrant things, and not
only looking at a world that eludes reconciliation (Bennet, 2010). Human beings are part of
the world of things and influence it as well as being influenced by it.
Moominpappa by trying to control the natural world around him through conceptualisation
and objectification is unable to see the way in which nature eludes his grasp. He cannot see
what goes on outside of the scope of his research, he does not know of the Groke being on the
island, he is unaware of the feelings of the island, and the projects engaging the rest of his
family. Moominpappa’s engagement with the natural world around him changes dramatically
when he decides that the sea and the island are alive. He is now able to like the sea even
though he has not figured out the rules by which the sea abides.
‘Are you going to stop bothering about the sea, then?’

32

‘Far from it,’ exclaimed Moominpappa. ‘Do I stop bothering about you just
because you behave like a stupid fool?’(…) ‘the sea is sometimes in a good
temper and sometimes in a bad temper, and nobody can possibly understand
why. We can only see the surface of the water. But if we like the sea, it
doesn’t matter.’ (Jansson, 1986, p. 181)
Instead of needing to understand the sea to like it, Moominpappa can now make peace with
the sea as an entity that he does not have to fully understand to live with and like. He can love
a natural phenomenon without having to understand the rules it abides by. When he concludes
that the island is alive, and afraid, he feels compassion for the island, for the rocks and trees
attempting to come into the lighthouse, in a way he does not when he thinks it is all “matter
out of place”. He uses a different type of understanding, not the mechanical understanding of
the natural scientist, but the contextual understanding of a social being.
This can be read in relation with Peter Winch who in his book The Idea of a Social Science
and Its Relation to Philosophy describes the way social science is different in kind from
natural science:
We say the cat ‘writhes’ about [in pain]. Suppose I describe his very
complex movements in purely mechanical terms, using a set of space-time
co-ordinates. This is, in a sense, a description of what is going on as much
as is the statement that the cat is writhing in pain. But the one statement
could not be substituted for the other. The statement which includes the
concept of writhing says something which no statement of the other sort,
however detailed, could approximate to. (Winch, 1990, pp. 74–75)
To look at something through the lens of the natural sciences is to look at it with the idea that
every movement of an organism can be boiled down to pure mechanics. There are laws of
nature that lead, under these circumstances, to this exact outcome. The social sciences,
according to Winch are different in kind, not in degree. It is not just that a cat in pain is a
complex scenario to describe mechanistically, according to Winch describing this scenario as
pure mechanics is to reduce it to a different story. A cat “writhing in pain” is something that is
fundamentally different from a description of the cat’s movements and physical condition.
Moominpappa is now engaging with the island and the sea as if their movements are in this
way irreducible to pure isolated mechanics. He is no longer interpreting the sea as a body of

33

water controlled by natural forces such as the tides, he is instead engaging with it as a wilful
thing.
Max Scheler in The Nature of Sympathy (1979) discusses this same idea, the idea that
something is lost when we describe an expression in purely mechanistic terms. For Scheler
there is a fundamental difference between describing all the mechanical movements of a
smile, upturned mouth, visible teeth etc., and saying someone “has a friendly smile”. It is
impossible to mechanically describe a friendly smile. Something always gets lost in this
process. Instead, Scheler argues, we should look at expressions as “patterns of wholeness”
(Scheler, 1979). Only when we take a holistic view of the expression of a feeling can we
interpret these in a way that makes sense for interacting with them.
This leads us back to Bennet’s vibrant materiality. Bennet claims that matter cannot be
engaged only on this materialistic level, there must also be engagement with matter as
patterns of wholeness. We must be able to see the assemblage matter as part of as well as the
mechanics of matter.
Moominpappa learns to see the island and the sea as an assemblage of things that are alive,
instead of isolated things like stones and trees. He feels compassion towards this assemblage
and even sees the Moomin family as being a part of it. Control here is exercised by
Moominpappa who imagines he can control the island and the sea if only he learns how they
work. He thinks if he uses a scientific method to categorise the movements of the sea, he will
understand it fully. However, this seems to be impossible. What seems to happen here is that
Moominpappa is unable to get a grasp on the island via a method of categorisation. The island
and the sea elude his notebooks, always acting in ways he could not predict. Scheler argues
that we cannot reduce the world to purely isolated mechanics, something is always lost when
we do this. It is a reduction that may be useful but does not fully capture any event. Scheler
argues that if we see an event this has an effect that we cannot recreate with pure mechanics.
Bennet makes a similar argument that things are irreducible to objects, and that we need to
pay attention to the assemblage rather than the thing on its own. Once Moominpappa sees the
island and the sea as agencies he is able to feel for them without being able to fully predict
them. He becomes able to make peace with the unwillingness of things to be captured in
objects.

34

Cultivation
Moominmamma is the character in the novel that is most emblematic of cultivation as a
means of dealing with her surroundings. She is homesick and wishes she were back in
Moominvalley. Moominmamma tries to recreate Moominvalley for herself, first by recreating
her garden on the island and later by panting Moominvalley on the walls of the lighthouse.
She is trying to make the island into a place where she can be comfortable but can only
imagine Moominvalley as this place.
Cultivation is a specific type of control that reorganises and reshapes the world to fit a certain
image. It is not the scientific method Moominpappa uses to exercise control. Cultivation is a
type of control based on separating the wanted from the unwanted, based on cleaning and
organising. Essentially it is the difference between a biologist and a gardener; the biologist is
trying to peel apart the rules nature abides by. The gardener is trying to shape nature to a
specific goal that is, in this case, primarily aesthetic. “There’s so much to be done here! Just
think! Fancy being able to build all one’s life and turn the island into a miracle of perfection”
(Jansson, 1984, p. 39).
Moominpappa notes that what he likes about the island is the way in which it is wild and
unkept, but only because this provides the possibility to perfect it. The island is a project that
can be shaped in the image of Moominpappa’s perfection. Moominmamma does something
similar, she tries to shape the island to be like Moominvalley. Both of them disregard the
island as already being something and having a will of its own. “’Perhaps one shouldn’t try to
change things too much on this island,’ said Moominmamma. ‘Just leave it as it is.’”
(Jansson, 1984, p. 95)
Moominmamma notes that the island seems resistant to change after her first attempt at
making a garden on the island is washed away by the sea. This does not, however, stop her
from recreating her garden higher up on the island, away from the sea.
Gradually she had gathered together a large pile of logs and bits of plank.
The nice thing about it was that she had tidied up the island at the same
time; it made her feel as though the island was like a garden that could be
cleaned up and made to look beautiful. (Jansson, 1984, p. 117)

35

Moominmamma is attempting to make the island into a garden the way she likes it. She plants
rose bushes from home and attempts to make earth by bringing the seaweed up from the
beach onto the rocks. She cleans up the beach and tries to make the island into a garden.
She wants to repair things and make them cleaner, more organised, prettier. Cultivation here
looks like a type of control, but is very different from Moominpappa’s control, which is
centred around categorisation and restricting access. Moominmamma is more interested in
making the island beautiful than in inhibiting other people’s interaction with it. She cleans up
the beach and finds solace in the way the island can be made to look or act like a garden.
Unlike Moominpappa she is not researching the island in order to know the rules by which it
operates. Moominmamma uses her knowledge of gardening to cultivate the island, and her
homemaking and carpentry skills to restore and improve the interior of the lighthouse. In
addition to this she paints herself a garden, when the garden outside does not grow to her
liking, she creates a garden by painting Moominvalley on the walls of the lighthouse.
Moominmamma works with what is already there in order to cultivate it and repair it.
Moominpappa wants to make new things, to change and create: “‘I don’t want to mend
anything,’ thought Moominpappa. ‘I don’t want to pick seaweed…I want to build big things,
strong things, (…)’” (Jansson, 1984, p. 95).
The difference between control and cultivation seems to be that control works against the
environment, while cultivation works with it. However, we do see that cultivation is based on
separating and putting things where they belong. Moominmamma cleans the beach by taking
away the driftwood. She makes gardens where her roses can grow. In a garden, at least in
Moominmamma’s version of a garden, things are beautiful and ordered. Things of a kind are
together. It is the opposite of wilderness. There is no space for the wild and undomesticated in
cultivation.
Moominmamma tries to control the island by cultivating and domesticating it. She attempts to
put rosebushes and apple trees on rocks and cliffs. By the end of the novel Moominmamma
realises that this is going to be an unsatisfying way of working. She has been working with
her idea of what should be on the island, instead of looking at what is already there.
She looked at her withered rose-bushes and thought: ‘How silly of me to
put them there! But there are plenty, the island is full of them, and anyway,
wildflowers are even more beautiful than garden flowers, perhaps.’
(Jansson, 1984, p. 193)
36

Cultivation is based on a pre-existing idea of how things should grow. It is based on
separating things of a kind, tulips go with other tulips, vegetables grow together in neat rows,
and dandelions and other weeds get removed. However, cultivation is also a tool for
protecting more vulnerable species from invasive ones and making sure plants can grow to
their full potential. In the final chapters of the book Moominmamma still gardens, however
she decides to make a garden of wildflowers; flowers that already grow on the island. Instead
of holding on to her ideal of what a garden is supposed to look like she makes peace with the
wilfulness of the island. She still cultivates it, but she lets the island have its wildness and
instead of forcing her norms she opens up to cultivating with the island instead of against it.
Moominmamma tries to make the island more like Moominvalley, instead of realising that the
island has its own agency. Her form of controlling the island is through cultivation. She
attempts to make the island into a garden, and her idea of a garden is very narrow. She makes
a space that is aesthetic, and discards what she sees as messy. In Moominmamma’s
cultivation there is no space for the undomesticated and the wild. When she becomes aware of
the agency of the island and works with it, she becomes more able to work with the island and
change it in certain ways. She still wants a garden, but plants wildflowers instead of roses, she
works with the wilfulness of the island to create something instead of supressing that
wilfulness.

Complicity
All the members of the Moomin family seem to be involved in guilt through complicity.
Usually they are directly or indirectly responsible for harm that befalls smaller creatures that
are inconvenient to them, or they accidentally cause harm to them. In this section I will give
some examples of complicity in Moominpappa at Sea and explain what it means to be
complicit in harm.
An example of complicity is the nest of the bald coot. When the Moomin family arrives at the
lighthouse they cannot use the stove because there is a bird’s nest in the chimney. They argue
about the ethics of removing it before Moominmamma finally decides they should remove it.
“‘Take it (the bird’s nest in the chimney) down’ she said. ‘We can hang it out of the window.
Sometimes trolls are more important than bald coots’” (Jansson, 1984, p. 54).
The Moomin family finds the nest of a bald coot in the chimney. They find it because they
cannot light the stove. In order to light the stove, they would need to remove the nest. The
displacement of the nest causes all the Moomins to consider the correct/proper way to act. Is it
37

justified to move the nest for their own convenience? Everyone looks to Moominmamma for
an answer. Moominmamma finally settles that the nest could be hung out of the window
because ”sometimes trolls are more important than bald coots”.
The Fisherman caught sight of the bird’s nest on the desk. “That should be
in the chimney,’ he said firmly. ‘It’s been there for years.’ ‘We had thought
we might hang it out of the window,’ said Moominmamma apologetically.
‘But we haven’t gotten around to doing it …’ (Jansson, 1984, p. 204)
When the Fisherman/Lighthouse-keeper comes to the lighthouse he sees the nest on the table
and reproaches the Moomins because the nest should be in the chimney. The Moomins had
forgotten about the nest completely. Moominmamma feels guilty when she is reminded of
this, but no remark is made about the bald coot again. Jansson never explains to us that the
nest was hung out and the coot returned. Instead we are left with this acknowledgement of
harm done by the Moomin family. The harm they do is twofold, first they removed the nest
due to a need, but then they did not take responsibility for it as they said they would. It seems
like the compromise of hanging the nest out of the window was made to make them feel better
about removing the nest, rather than as a real solution.
Another passage where we can see complicity in action is when Moomintroll and Little My
discover a small graveyard behind the lighthouse. Little My says that there are dozens of birds
buried there.
‘They must have flown into the light,’ Moomintroll said slowly. ‘It’s what
birds do…And killed themselves. And then the Lighthouse-keeper picked
them up every morning. And then one day he got fed up with it, put the light
out and went away. (Jansson, 1984, pp. 125–126)
Moomintroll speculates that the birds must have flown into the light of the lighthouse, and
that the lighthouse keeper must have buried them. Moomintroll thinks the lighthouse keeper
felt so bad about the dying birds that he turned off the light in the lighthouse and left for good.
In the book the lighthouse keeper leaving seems to have little consequence outside of the
island. However, a lighthouse has the purpose of guiding ships so they can navigate safely.
We can ask ourselves if harming the birds is acceptable because the lighthouse keeper is
playing a vital part in an assemblage with a trajectory meant to prevent harm. If an
assemblage is causing harm and providing care should we stay in the assemblage for the care
we provide, or remove ourselves so as to not contribute to harm? This gives us a way to
38

expand upon Bennet’s approach of removing oneself from harmful assemblages. The ethical
advice of removing yourself from harmful assemblages does not cover the possibility of an
assemblage having a trajectory of both harm and care.
Moomintroll finds a glade in the forest that is just the place of which he had always dreamed.
It is just hidden enough, and just open enough. It is warm and full of flowers. However as
soon as Moomintroll lies down he also discovers the glade is full of red ants that bite him. He
wants to have the glade for himself, and tries to justify his right to it: “There were many kinds
of justice. According to one kind, which was a little complicated perhaps, but absolutely fair,
the glade belonged to him and not to the ants” (Jansson, 1984, p. 67).
The glade is so beautiful that Moomintroll cannot let it go. He thinks of what the right thing
would be to do. The ants cannot love the glade like he does, they are unable to appreciate it.
And even if they could it seems to Moomintroll that his love weighs more than the love of
even many ants. Moomintroll thinks that there are different kinds of justice, and there is a
kind of justice in which he has more of a right to the glade than the ants, even if they were
there first.
He goes to Moominmamma to ask if there is a right way to go about removing the ants.
However, Moominmamma says that if someone lived somewhere before you came of course
it is only right for them to keep their home. One could politely ask them to move, and help
them, of course. However, Moomin cannot find a way to communicate with the ants and goes
to Little My to ask what she thinks. Little My immediately realises what Moomintroll’s
problem is and tells him she will solve it. After a few days Moomintroll returns to the Glade
to find it ant free but discovers that underneath the moss there is paraffin and millions of dead
ants.
‘But ants are like mosquitoes’ Said Little My. ‘It’s a good thing to get rid of
them! Anyway, you knew exactly what I was going to do to them! All you
hoped was that I shouldn’t tell you about it. You’re awfully good at
deceiving yourself!’ (Jansson, 1984, p. 97)
Moomintroll confronts Little My about what she has done. Little My tells Moomintroll that he
only came to her because he wanted her to solve the problem by any means necessary and not
tell him about it. He wanted this to happen, he just did not want to know about it.

39

For a while he is very regretful and even puts sugar around the glade for the ants. However,
he soon forgets about the ants and appreciates his glade without thinking of them.
Moomintroll didn’t think about the ants anymore. They had become part of
the ground beneath him. The smell of paraffin had disappeared, and new
flowers would grow where the old ones had died. He supposed that round
the thicket there were thousands of happy little red ants enjoying the sugar.
Everything was just right. (Jansson, 1984, p. 115)
Moomintroll feels regret and tries to make up for it by putting sugar out for other ants.
However, Little My remarks that he only does this to make himself feel better, and that red
ants do not eat sugar. Moomintroll has a goal of not feeling guilty, rather than not doing harm.
When we look at responsibility through a lens of collective agency assigning a single cause as
responsible for any outcome becomes impossible. Who is the cause of the ants dying? Little
My poisoned them, but Moomintroll alluded to needing her help in the first place. Besides,
there are a million small things that make up the assemblage Moomintroll finds himself in:
Moominpappa brought them to the island, the ants were in that specific glade, Moomintroll
discovers the glade through his dissatisfaction with life in the lighthouse, and the paraffin
drowned the ants. It is a swarm of small agencies that resulted in harm. How can any one
individual be the cause of this? Bennet would say that Moomintroll should have removed
himself from an assemblage he knew was going to cause harm. Bennet states that we should
remove ourselves from assemblages with harmful trajectories. Little My states that
Moomintroll knew that she would kill the ants. Even if he did not know, he did not care what
would happen to the ants and wanted the glade for himself at all costs. He should have left
the ants to their glade, and not have gone to Little My for help, knowing that she would cause
harm.
However, the case of the nest of the bald coot seems less simple. It appears Moomintroll
could have removed himself and that may even have prevented harm. However, the Moomins
cannot remove themselves from living anywhere. Even if they went back to Moominvalley in
order to be able to cook while not harming the coot, taking up space in the world is
necessarily causing some kind of harm. We step on plants and smaller creatures, in order to
live anywhere we remove other life from this area. The coot, like the example of the ants,
seems to be a question of priority; when should you remove or harm a lifeform to benefit your
own life? In the case of “lesser” animals humans usually find it acceptable to remove or
40

exterminate the animal to benefit human life. We kill ants, rats, slugs and flies in our homes
with very little thought. We cannot remove ourselves from these assemblages, however, we
can look at our complicity from a different angle. Looking at this from a place of guilt for all
the little harms we participate in does not help us do less harm. Moomintroll feels incredibly
guilty about the death of the ants. But, as Little My notes, him feeling guilty does not do
anyone any good.
We can reconcile some of the harm we do by acknowledging we are part of a bigger
assemblage and acting with care to the assemblage even if we cannot always act with care to
all individual participants in an assemblage. The Moomin family do end up removing the nest
of the bald coot. However, they also manage to create a relationship of care with the island.
They create a relationship with the island where they acknowledge and respect its agency, and
work with this agency, instead of trying to remake the island into something it is not. They
can keep living on the island because they give up complete control of the island. The island
is not a blank page for them to work on, but rather an already existing thing they can live
with. It seems that in order to care for something the Moomin family has to acknowledge that
sometimes they will also cause harm.
The lighthouse keeper has left the lighthouse in order to stop causing harm to the birds.
However, it seems the peace on the island can only be fully restored when he comes back at
the end of the book and resumes his position and his collaboration with the lighthouse. This
suggests that trying to remove yourself from a harmful assemblage as Bennet suggests, in the
case of the lighthouse keeper, was an untenable situation. The lighthouse keeper could not
stay away from the lighthouse forever; for the island to remain a heathy assemblage the
lighthouse needs to function. By removing himself from an assemblage he saw doing harm he
also removed himself from the responsibility he had to the island and the lighthouse. It seems
like Jansson here suggests that we sometimes cannot avoid causing harm, and when we try,
we are shirking our responsibility. We may not be doing harm, but we are also not taking
care.
In this section I have explained three notable moments where Jansson makes explicit the
complicity the Moomins have in harm. I argue that in the scenarios Jansson presents her
characters often have no choice but to participate in assemblages with harmful trajectories.

41

Agency
In this section I will describe the type of agency Jansson gives to her characters as well as to
the island. I will explain how this agency relates to what Bennet describes as distributive
agency. I will start by linking Jansson’s descriptions of the island in Moominpappa at Sea to
Bennet’s vibrant matter.
The island and the sea in Moominpappa at Sea are described as alive and with a certain
agency throughout the book. Many of the descriptions are voiced by one of the characters.
However, they make for unreliable narrators. Jansson makes this clear for the reader, by
making sure the reader knows all characters only have partial information and they all have
their own personal biases. Jansson’s writing suggests that the observations by the characters
are always subjective and from one perspective. Moominpappa, for instance, has no idea the
Groke is on the island, because of this his observations are often not complete. In the
conclusion of the novel both Moominpappa and Moomintroll think that they have solved the
problems on the island but have very different ideas about how this happened. Besides the
characters there is also an omniscient narrator giving descriptions. Even in the voice of the
narrator the island is immediately upon arrival described as alive and threatening, suggesting
this is an objective observation:
And then out of the night loomed an enormous shadow: the island itself was
towering over them, looking at them carefully. They could feel its hot breath
as the boat struck the sandy beach and came to a standstill: they felt they
were being watched, and huddled together, not daring to move. (Jansson,
1984)
Throughout the book the island is described as afraid and is physically trying to move itself
closer to the lighthouse. None of the Moomins know what the island is afraid of, but the
narrative suggests strongly that it is the Groke. Moomintroll states that the Groke is “a danger
to everything growing there, everything that was alive” (Jansson, 1984, p. 138). The first
time we see the island move is when things on the beach seem to be moving away from the
Groke. Interestingly it is not only the grass and the trees, but also the sand and the rocks that
move. Moomintroll makes a distinction between the things that are growing and those that are
alive. Growing seems to be a subset of alive, suggesting that the whole island is alive, not
only the matter we would normally consider to be alive:

42

But the island seemed to be getting more and more uneasy (…). One night
Moomintroll saw something that made him feel afraid. It was the sand. It
had started to move. He could see it quite clearly, creeping slowly away
from the Groke. There it was, a sparkling, glittering mass moving away
from her great flat feet that were stamping the ground to ice as they danced.
(Jansson, 1984, pp. 137–138)
By the end of the story the island stops trying to get into the lighthouse. Moominpappa and
Moomintroll have quite different ideas why the island is no longer frightened. Moominpappa
thinks it is because he discovered that both the island and the sea are alive, and the sea is
bullying the island. After Moominpappa has a strong word with the sea the sea stops its
bullying and the island can rest. Moomintroll however notices that through meeting the Groke
on the beach night after night the Groke has warmed up and is no longer dangerous; because
she is no longer cold the island no longer tries to flee from her.
Both Moominpappa and Moomintroll are convinced the island is alive, and both of them refer
to “hearing the beating of the island’s heart”. The novel seems to suggest that it is the Groke
warming up that stills the island, however there is never a distinct answer given. There seems
to not just be one answer to why the island has calmed down, or why the Groke has warmed
up.
Through a lens of distributive agency, we could conclude that all of these actions may have
been related to each other, and we cannot say with certainty which actions exactly caused
which reactions. It seems like there are so many things happening at once, that none of the
characters are aware of everything. There is no root cause to the effect, as Bennet states.
However, when we “identify the contours of the swarm and the kind of relations that obtain
between its bits” (Bennet, 2010, p. 32), we see that the realisation that the island and the sea
are alive is an important factor in the eventual peace of the island. The relations between the
island, the sea, the Moomins and the Groke have all changed. This change seems to be the
mitigating factor in the island calming down, regardless of the root cause.
The common denominator in all the possible ways the island has been calmed involves the
Moomins realising that the island is alive, scared, and reacting compassionately to that fear.
Instead of trying to alter the island and its behaviour they listen to it and work with it instead
of against it. This story does not end with the conclusion that the Moomins have to leave the

43

island alone, however in order to stay there they have changed their interactions with their
surroundings.
The island seems to have agency in Moominpappa at Sea, but the island is made up of rocks
and trees and sand that all also seems to have agency. The rocks and trees and sand are afraid
and move on their own. Agency seems to become more diffuse when looking at sand, does
every grain of sand have agency? Bennet states that she does not speak of agency and agents
but instead opts for actors because agency puts too much focus on the individual. According
to Bennet everything is an actor within a network of other actors (Bennet, 2010).
In this way we also distance ourselves from the purely mechanistic understanding of cause
and effect. If something causes something else the cause can never be only one thing, the
cause is enmeshed within a structure of actors that are all contributing to an effect. This is
what Bennet refers to as an assemblage (Bennet, 2010). Within an assemblage it is impossible
to point to one actor and say that they have sole responsibility for an effect. Within
distributive agency you necessarily also have distributive causality and distributive
responsibility.
Within this swarm of responsibility Moomintroll is trying to claim that the death of the ants is
not his fault. He points at his place in the swarm and thinks that he only told little My about it,
and he could not have known what she would do. He is trying to downplay his own
involvement by blaming the event on Little My. However, he is partially, though not solely
responsible. Even if he could not have known what she would do he would still hold some
shared responsibility for the part he played within the trajectory of the assemblage.
In this section, I have explained how Jansson describes the agency of the island as well as the
agency of the characters. In the next section I will explore the type of agency nature holds in
Moominpappa at Sea, as well as how this relates to thinking of natural agencies in other
genres. I have explained how agency can be seen as distributive in Moominpappa at Sea.

Monstrous nature
In this section I will examine the relation the Moomin family has with the island. I will
explore the way Jansson describes the island and its agency. Different types of narrative
traditions explore the Otherness of nature and matter, I will analyse what narrative tradition
the island as Jansson describes it could be categorised as. I will use Pietari Kääpä’s
description of an ecohorror in his book Ecology and Contemporary Nordic Cinemas to give
44

some context and contrast to Jansson’s descriptions of the movements of the island in
Moominpappa at Sea.
The natural world around the lighthouse refuses to be organised and even refuses to stay put.
It starts to move closer and closer to the lighthouse, leaving large craters where the trees used
to be. Nature in Moominpappa at Sea refuses to be pretty and organised and appears instead
as feral and wild. Control, cultivation and complicity are three different ways I have defined
as ways the characters relate to this wildness and wilfulness of the thing worlds around them.
Ecohorror as described by Pietari Kääpä in Ecology and Contemporary Nordic Cinemas is
“films with nature as a challenge to human civilization” (Kääpä, 2015, p. 67). Kääpä goes on
to describe the way ecocriticism and the horror genre tie into each other in Nordic horror
films. In Nordic film culture there are central themes of nature as a danger, both through
natural and supernatural predators. In these films there is a common thread of ecological and
political concern, such as the exploitation of resources, and eugenics. Kääpä describes the
horror film Thale, and the way it has the specific qualities of an “ecotope”:
(…) particularly intriguing is its evocation of the spatial ‘ecotope’ between
human and the more than human. In biology and ecology, the ecotope is a
space where different organisms and lifeforms share space. In the case of
Thale the ecotope is the meeting place where humancentric views are
confronted by ecosystemic realities as, literally, the humans come face to
face with their others and realize the limitations of their worldviews.
(Kääpä, 2015, p. 84)
According to Kääpä Thale, and many other ecological horrors deal with the concept of an
ecotope, where humancentric ideology is met with a reality it cannot encompass. Human
centric thinking is no longer sufficient to understand the world, and this is part of the horror.
A common type of ecohorror, according to Kääpä is the horror in which human culture tries to
control and harness a thing and that thing turns out to be uncontrollable. A good example of
this is Jurassic Park (2009), where scientists bring dinosaurs back and build a theme park
around them, thinking they can control them. In this film the ecohorror is the dinosaurs, who
turn out to be uncontrollable, and humans have to vacate the island lest they be eaten. Kääpä
describes this as an ecosystemic friction:
In this case the ecotope is not about finding harmony or even understanding
of one another. It is not a point of synergy, or hybridity even, but more a
45

space of ecosystemic friction. Any attempt of the human to control its others
results in destruction of both the human and its others (…) (Kääpä, 2015, p.
84)
Ecosystemic friction according to Kääpä is the clash between humans and the ecosystem they
try to control. If humans try to control the natural Other, it shall lead to destruction. An
ecotope can be concerned with hybridity or learning to understand each other, but most often
in horror it is about the friction between the need to control and the uncontrollable. In
Moominpappa at Sea we see a type of ecohorror in the island. We see the island from the
outside trying to come indoors. The trees are approaching the lighthouse where the Moomin
family lives, wanting to crowd the windows until the light is almost totally blocked, even
boulders and rocks are rolling towards the lighthouse. The trees only move at night, and
especially Moomintroll and Moominmamma are frightened of them.
At dawn the island slept. The trees had reached the lighthouse-rock, deep
holes were left where great boulders had been before, now lying scattered
among the heather. They were waiting for another night to come so that they
could roll nearer and nearer the lighthouse. The great autumn gale continued
to blow. (Jansson, 1984, p. 185)
We see, represented as an ecohorror the outside coming into the domestic sphere. In the
horror genre this is often manifested in a plague, a virus or a parasite, breaching the
boundaries of the body. (Kääpä, 2015) In this case it is the lighthouse that is in danger of
being breached, the wild and undomesticated is trying to get in. The lighthouse is acting as the
manifestation of safety, the home, the only part of the island the Moomin family has managed
to bring into their domestic sphere. The trees are interpreted by the Moomin characters as
scared of something; this is the reason they are trying to get into the safe haven of the
lighthouse. However, they are still scared of the trees, Little My tries to scare Moomintroll by
explaining how the trees will crowd the lighthouse:
‘Of course they will,’ said Little My, lowering her voice. ‘Can’t you hear
the boulders beating against the door downstairs? They’re rolling up from
all directions, crowding round the door. The trees are closing in round the
lighthouse, getting nearer and nearer. Then their roots will start climbing up
the walls until they’re right outside these windows, making it dark inside…’
(Jansson, 1984, pp. 182–183)
46

The island is trying to gather itself in the lighthouse, bringing the wild inside and making the
lighthouse unsafe because the Moomins do not understand the trees, and therefore cannot
control them. However, the problem of the trees trying to come inside the lighthouse is solved
without violence, and without the Moomins having to leave. This is not Jurassic Park (2009)
where nature must be left alone, the Moomins, in the end, can coexist with the island.
In this chapter I have described the different themes – control, cultivation and complicity –
through which I have analysed the different relationships the Moomins have to the world
around them. I have examined some examples of control, the need to theorise and categorise
everything. The notion of this kind of Control assumes that everything is fully categorisable
and that we can know and alter the world by categorisation and discovering by what laws
nature abides. Control differs from cultivation by the way it is executed. Cultivation is a form
of domestication, trying to change the way your surroundings are by getting rid of the wild
and resistant elements. Complicity is the way we cannot help but do harm. I have detailed
several examples of the way the Moomins are complicit in harm, despite not being the root or
only cause of this harm and linked this to distributive agency. I ask if Bennet’s approach of
removing oneself from an assemblage with a harmful trajectory is always possible and the
best course of action. The Moomins are each part of assemblages that have harmful
trajectories. However, it seems that sometimes these characters cannot or perhaps even should
not remove themselves from these assemblages.
In the next chapter, I will discuss the way Jansson’s Moominpappa at Sea can provide a
helpful addition to Bennet’s Vibrant Matter. Jansson provides a nuanced account of the ways
we are always complicit in systems and events we cannot fully control. In Moominpappa at
Sea it becomes clear to the reader that guilt is not a helpful response to harm. Instead Jansson
suggests we learn to live with the harm we do, while trying to take care of the things that
surround us.

47

Chapter 4: Discussion
Ethical ecologies
In this thesis I have claimed that we can use Levinasian ethics of recognition to become aware
of the ethical relationship we already have with matter. Levinas argues that we have an ethical
responsibility to the Other from the moment we meet. Ethics for Levinas are not universal or
general, they are particular. Ethics are part of every interaction. Levinas specifically argues
that we become responsible to someone when we encounter the human face. He very much
focuses on a human face to face encounter; however, I argue that a general version of this
analysis of our interconnectedness can also be used to analyse human relationships with
animals, plants and matter. We can encounter things; Bennet suggests the best way to become
aware of this is through literature. In the traditions of many indigenous peoples the encounter
with things is a given, due to thinking of matter as animate from the start. Levinasian ethics
are comparable to ethics of care in certain ways.
Both Levinasian ethics and care ethics focus on the individual relationship instead of the
universal. This distinction is often called the division between ethics of care and ethics of
justice. Carol Gilligan is credited with the first work on this distinction in her book In a
different voice: Psychological theory and women's development (1982) Gilligan describes
how ethics of justice approach an ethical problem like a maths problem, citing rules and
hierarchies, while ethics of care look at the context and relationships taking place around the
ethical dilemma (Gilligan, 1982). Within the field of ethics of care Bennet’s work has
received some pushback. Bennet’s work has been critiqued for muddying the waters between
animals and things. Josephine Donovan in The Aesthetics of Care (2016) offers a critique of
Bennet, and new materialism in general. According to Donovan the equation of living and
physical matter is in juxtaposition with ethics:

New Materialism, therefore, though it offers a stimulating new perspective
on physical matter, fails to provide a significantly new understanding of
living matter. Any ontological equation between the two is ethically
untenable (Donovan, 2016, p. 36)
Donovan argues that what Bennet is doing is ontologically equating living matter with
physical matter. Donovan takes the example of the dead rat Bennet describes; the rat is
48

surrounded by a bottle cap and other trash. Bennet uses this example of her encountering a
stick, a bottle cap, a dead rat (among other things) on an early morning walk and seeing them
realising that there was a vitality in them, that this culture of things could not be reduced to a
culture of objects. Bennet argues that this is a culture of things rather than objects, and this is
made visible to her by the way the things are interacting with their surroundings. According to
Donovan, it is incorrect to compare the always dead with the once alive. According to
Donovan, there is a distinct care that is required by the animate that the inanimate does not
require. To use a different example; it is ethically acceptable to kick a rock, but not a tortoise.
However, this reading of Bennet still holds on to the animate/inanimate binary. It assumes
that a rock and a tortoise are completely distinct. What Bennet is posing is that these are not
distinct, however, kicking a tortoise hurts the tortoise, kicking a rock does not hurt the rock.
This does not mean that there are no other ways to engage ethically with rocks, despite them
not needing the same care tortoise do. Care is based on the need the other has. Ethics of care
is based on the lack of a universal standard. We can only know what care someone or
something needs when we engage with it. The needs of the Other only become apparent in our
relationship to them.
I argue that a rock has little need for human care, in the same way the dead rat Bennet
describes has little need of human care. Care extended to these individual bodies would be
based more in the human need for meaning making than the need of the rock or the dead rat.
Burying the rat would be based on the human concept of a funeral and does not extend care to
the rat. However, a landscape may need human care, and this care for the landscape would
include both the dead rat and the rock. We have an ethical responsibility to the assemblage
that make up an ecology, and therefore we have an ethical responsibility to the rock. Some
rock may be part of an ecology where kicking it may not harm the rock, but it would harm the
ecology. For example, a rock covered in moss sits where it needs to sit to take part in a certain
ecology. We have an ethical responsibility to the living tortoise because it has need of human
care as an individual thing.
In Moominpappa at Sea all the Moomin characters, with the exception of Little My, must
examine the way they live with a resistant landscape. They are used to things adhering to their
will. However, on the island nature and the lighthouse refuse to behave according to the
expectations of the Moomins.
Bennet in Vibrant Matter argues that matter is vibrant, animate, and part of the assemblages
that are active in our daily lives. Within an assemblage there is never just one cause for an
49

event. An event is always caused by many factors participating in an assemblage; a swarm of
agencies that are not controlled by one thing. Bennet states that ethical action, given the
limited amount of power humans have over the assemblages they are part of, is to extricate
yourself from an assemblage with a harmful trajectory. In Moominpappa at Sea Jansson
shows us a different way to engage with assemblages and harm. The Moomin family is not
able to extricate itself from harmful trajectories. They live on the island and take up space.
They brought the Groke to the island, and even if this was not deliberate they are part of the
assemblage that made this happen. The Moomin family chooses to remove the nest of the
Bald Coot from their chimney in order to live in the lighthouse. Moomintroll sets in motion
the event that kills an ants’ nest. Despite the good intentions of the members of the Moomin
family, they cannot extricate themselves from harmful assemblages. This seems to be how
people exist, we are part of harmful assemblages whether we would like to be or not. We are
always complicit in harm and trying to extricate oneself is not always possible. However,
though Jansson does not present a way to live outside harmful assemblages, she does seem to
present a way to live with them.
She looked at her withered rose-bushes and thought: ‘How silly of me to put
them there! But there are plenty, the island is full of them, and anyway,
wildflowers are even more beautiful than garden flowers, perhaps.’
(Jansson, 1984, p. 193)
In Moominpappa at Sea Jansson describes the way the Moomin characters engage with
matter. Moominmamma cultivates a garden. By doing this she is trying to push the space into
a shape it is reluctant to take. The island resists her rose garden, and in the end
Moominmamma realises that it is foolish to try to make the island into something it is not.
There are other islands with roses on them; this one has wildflowers, so she decides to make a
wildflower garden instead. Moominmamma is still trying to shape the space around her.
However, she is now trying to work with the space. Jansson is presenting a way to live with
things that allows for the complexity of living. Moominmamma cultivates the space around
her. She weeds and separates things that she wants in her garden from things she does not
want.
I wonder whether they will go back to just the same places or choose new
ones instead. Let me know when they make up their minds and I’ll go put
some seaweed round their roots. (Jansson, 1984, p. 199)
50

When the island is no longer scared, and the trees are moving away from the lighthouse,
Moominmamma wonders if they will go back to their old spots or choose new ones. She notes
that she will put some seaweed, which will turn into soil, over their roots as soon as they have
decided. Moominmamma here shows that she is not only working to make the island look like
she wants it to look but she is also leaving room for the agencies of the trees, and caring for
them. Jansson, in Moominpappa at Sea, seems to simultaneously make two points: We are
always already in the world and taking up space, and we had best make peace with this, and
we need to take care of it.
Throughout the book, Little My seems fully aware of herself as a thing. She regards herself as
a natural body among other natural bodies and feels no guilt for harming them. She is
completely at peace with the chaotic wilderness of their new surroundings. She is explicitly
scornful of other characters when they try to clear their conscience over harming other things:
Do you think the Bald Coot will know whether her nest has been moved
immediately or only after a little while? You only say that so you can chuck
her out with a clear conscience. (Jansson, 1984, p. 54)
Little My asks Moominmamma why she thinks the bald coot will care if the nest is taken from
the chimney now or in a little while. Little My is aware Moominmamma is unwilling to
remove the nest immediately in order to make herself feel better. However eventually the nest
will need to be removed so she can cook. Little My seems scornful of how unwilling the other
Moomin characters are to perform these tasks that make them feel guilty.
‘But ants are like mosquitoes’, said Little My. ‘It is good to get rid of them!
Anyway, you knew exactly what I was going to do to them! All you hoped
was that I shouldn’t tell you about it. You’re awfully good at deceiving
yourself!’ (Jansson, 1984, p. 97)
Little My reacts similarly to Moomintroll when he comes to her after she has killed the ants in
his glade. She tells him that he would not have come to her without knowing what she would
do. He wanted the glade at all cost, he just would have preferred not to know about the
consequences. Jansson, through Little My, seems to argue that the idea that you can never do
harm is a self-delusion. Little My is not squeamish about doing harm and is irritated by the
response of the other characters. They act in a way that allows them to avoid feeling guilty,
instead of being honest with themselves. This seems to relate back to McGregor’s call for an
ethics of complicity, and critique of the idea that non-complicity is possible:
51

A sort of fantasy of non-complicity, which is like an ethics of care which is
tied in with this desire to not be part of any violent systems, to opt out of all
of them. (McGregor, 2018) 3
Jansson, through Little My, seems to be critiquing something similar. She seems to critique
the fantasy of non-complicity as well as the way this prevents the other characters from
feeling guilty. Little My does not seem to be in favour of feeling guilt either. Instead, she
seems to argue that you must be honest with yourself and do what needs to be done.
This seems to stand against Moominmamma’s approach to the island. Through
Moominmamma, Jansson seems to argue for an ethics of care. Moominmamma takes care of
the things around her. Moominmamma struggles on the island because she has never had to
work within a resistant landscape. What she misses about Moominvalley is, at least in part,
the way her garden flourished. The garden in Moominvalley behaved according to
Moominmamma’s

wishes

naturally.

The

island

does

not

behave

according

to

Moominmamma’s wishes at all. The island resists her efforts to change it. Moominmamma at
first tries to force her will upon the island. Only after she stops doing this can she recognise
the particular beauty of the island. Even after this realisation, she continues to cultivate the
island. However, her cultivation is now motivated by what the island is already like, instead
of what it should become. Moominpappa goes through a similar process:
As Moominpappa sat on the beach, the lighthouse seemed to rise higher and
higher above him. It was just like his model that he hadn’t had time to
finish. Now he could see that the roof wasn’t as pointed as he had thought
and that there was no rail. He gazed at the dark and deserted lighthouse for a
long time, and gradually it began to grow smaller and more like the picture
he had carried in his mind for so long. ‘In any case, it’s mine’, he thought,
and lit his pipe. ‘I’ll capture the lighthouse.’ (Jansson, 1984, p. 36)
When Moominpappa first sees the lighthouse, he thinks it is the exact lighthouse he imagined.
However, when he comes closer, he realises it is not quite the same. Then, while he looks at
it, it slowly looks more and more like what he imagined it ought to look like. Moominpappa is
forcing the lighthouse to match how he thinks it ought to look. Moominpappa continues to do
this to the island. He has an image of the island and how it ought to be. He tries to make the
island behave through figuring out the rules by which it abides. Both Moominmamma and
3

The source is a transcript of an audio recording and has been edited for clarity.

52

Moominpappa learn to treat the island as its own entity with its own will that needs to be
taken into account.
Moominmamma and Moominpappa both learn to take care of the island on its own terms.
When they first come to the island both of them are working on the island and may think they
are taking care of it. They are providing the role of caretakers by remodelling and
restructuring the environment. However, they are not taking care, they do not take the island
into account when they do this, they care for their own preferences. Throughout the book they
both learn that the island has a will and an agency. Moominpappa speaks to the sea on behalf
of the island. Moominmamma starts to see the island’s own ecology as beautiful and puts her
efforts in maintaining it, instead of changing it to make it look more like Moominvalley.
Jansson seems to make both the argument that care is an important way to engage with matter,
and that we need to acknowledge the space we take up without dancing around our own guilt.
When we take account of matter within our ethics, we become both more and less responsible.
On the one hand, as Bennet points out, we are never the sole cause of any event. On the other
hand, as we feel in Janson’s work, we can never avoid causing harm. This means that when
we include matter in our ethical theories, we need to keep account of our responsibility to the
assemblages of which we are part. We need to be conscious of the ecologies we live in and
what influence we have on them, and act with care towards these assemblages.
Bennet states that we should extract ourselves from harmful assemblages. I argue that this is
not always possible. In Jansson’s Moominpappa at Sea we see the characters struggle with
their relationships to nature. They are never able to extract themselves from these
relationships, and not always capable of being in an environment without causing harm.
Jansson seems to offer us a literary version of the ethics of complicity that McGregor is trying
to find. McGregor mentions that the fantasy of non-complicity is tied into an ethics of care.
We want to take care and not do harm. We try to escape doing harm by removing ourselves
from complicity, but McGregor argues that we are not succeeding in not doing harm, rather
we are not committing to the responsibilities we have to acknowledge the harm we are still
doing. Jansson offers us the beginnings of an alternative ethics of care, where care and harm
exist within the same space. On the island the Moomins are taking care, of each other, of the
creatures, the sea and the island. However, they also do harm, and they cannot take up space
without doing some harm. This version of an ethics of care is not setting the impossible task
of eliminating the harm we do, but rather of making sure that the harm and care have a
healthy relationship. We have a responsibility to the Other but also to ourselves. Little My
53

seems to express the stance that we need to be honest with ourselves about the harm that
needs to be done out of care for the self or care for another and let this exist.
Jansson provides a nuanced account of the impossibility of exiting all assemblages with
harmful trajectories. Instead Jansson provides the reader with an understanding of complicity
in harm, and the acceptance of our complicity in harm. Jansson states that guilt is not a useful
response to harm. Guilt, and trying to absolve yourself of guilt does not result in less harm
being done. Instead Jansson’s characters learn to live with their complicity in harm, while
trying their best to take care of the things around them. They change their relationships to
their surroundings in order to care for them, each other and themselves as best they can.

54

Conclusion
In this thesis I have given an analysis of vibrant matter as described by Jane Bennet in Vibrant
Matter: A political ecology of things (2010) and Mel Y. Chen in Animacies: Biopolitics,
Racial Mattering, and Queer Affect (2012). Bennet and Chen both argue against a strict
distinction between the subject and the object. In this juxtaposition the subject is seen as alive,
animate, and active, while the object is seen as dead, inanimate, and passive. The subject acts
while the object is acted upon. Bennet refers therefore not to objects but to things; a thing
being an object placed outside the subject/object binary.
Bennet refers to things instead of objects, to position herself outside the subject/object binary
where subjects act and objects are acted upon. A thing is not only acted upon, it is itself an
actant. Likewise, Chen argues that things have a certain animacy. Rocks, for example, are
animate, according to Chen. Chen categorises animacy on a spectrum, rather than as a binary.
On the spectrum of animacy a rock would be near zero, but not inanimate. Bennet speaks of
the animacy of things as thing power. Thing power, according to her, is impossible to
conceive of individually, but so is human power. When a human acts, it is made possible by
microbes, minerals and fibres. According to Bennet, things always act within an assemblage;
when I act, the assemblage of my body acts.
In this thesis, I analysed Moominpappa at Sea (1984), the eighth book in Tove Jansson’s
famous Moomins series. In this book, the Moomin family leave their easy life in
Moominvalley to move to an island far out at sea. On this island there is a lighthouse and a
grouchy fisherman. The island is hard to live on, it seems that the sea and the island are
thwarting all attempts made by the Moomin family to make changes to the island. In addition
to the unruliness of the environment they find themselves in, the environment itself is also
changing. Everything on the island – trees, rocks, boulders, and sand – is trying to get away
from the sea and closer to the lighthouse where the Moomin family has settled. In the manner
that Jansson writes, both the island and the sea serve as both characters as well as
environments. The island and the sea are interacting with the Moomin family and are actively
resistant to the family’s activities. This forces the characters to form a different kind of
relationship with their environment. I have analysed the different relationships that characters
have to their environment through three categories: control, cultivation, and complicity. The
method I used to arrive at these categories was largely informed by Toril Moi’s writing on
55

adventurous reading, where she describes different relationships between philosophy and
literature. Moi states that when reading a text, it is important to engage with it not just as an
illustration for a philosophical point, but as a text in its own right. Moi states we should
endeavour to read work by a literary author in the same way as we would read work by a
thinker when we use literature in our philosophy. In this thesis I have read Jansson as a
thinker and have compared and contrasted her work Moominpappa at Sea with the
philosophical texts by Bennet and Chen. Jansson’s work can be used as an addition and
correction upon the ideas formulated by Bennet.
The categories control, cultivation and complicity are based on how different characters
engage with their environment. Moominpappa primarily engages with the island through
control, which I categorise as a scientific method that assumes that everything acts according
to certain unchangeable rules, and by learning these rules it is possible to gain full control.
Moominpappa keeps notes and tries to figure out what rules the sea abides by, in order to
control it. He has invested a large part of his identity in knowing the sea and grows frustrated
when it seems the sea is not following any rules at all.
Moominmamma engages with the island through cultivation. She is homesick and misses
Moominvalley. Because of this she tries to change the island to make it more like
Moominvalley. At first sight, cultivation and domestication do not seem like violent impulses.
However, it becomes clear that Moominmamma is trying to force the island into a shape it
does not want to take. She tries to clean up and domesticate the island and does not want the
island to be wild. Cultivation is necessary to cultivate those plants which may otherwise be
taken over by invasive species. However, it is also a force that imposes order upon wilderness
and decides what does and does not have a place within the garden. At the end of the novel
Moominmamma is still a gardener, but she is no longer trying to make the island look like the
picture of a garden she has in her mind. Instead she uses what the island already has to offer
to enhance it.
The Moomin family has a dynamic relationship to its own complicity in harm. Control and
cultivation are ways the Moomin characters seem to be trying to take care of the island.
Moominmamma is playing the role of a caretaker – cleaning and tidying up – while
Moominpappa states that he is learning to like the sea, and the only way he can like the sea is
by understanding it. Both of these attitudes fit into what Bennet highlights as the ideological
ways we separate ourselves from matter. We think we can reduce matter to objects, while they
56

are, in fact, things. Moominmamma and Moominpappa are in different ways reducing the
island to an object that can be fully theorised, understood and ordered in the way we find most
pleasing. Bennet argues that this is a reduction, and that there is always something left over
when we reduce a thing to an object; there is a wildness and a power in things that cannot be
fully theorised and ordered. By reducing the island to an object in this way both
Moominpappa and Moominmamma are complicit in a kind of harm.
The relationships of the Moomin characters to the island seem to show us that we cannot deny
our own complicity in harm. The Moomins are taking up space on the island, and by doing
this they are doing harm to some of the creatures that live there. Not doing any harm is not an
option for them. In the book, Little My repeatedly points out the ways the other characters are
doing harm and not acknowledging it. They are not acknowledging their complicity in harm
in order to make themselves feel better. The way complicity appears in Moominpappa at Sea
seems to be a relationship that we need to attend to and acknowledge, rather than deny.
Bennet argues that human bodies are things, and that we are largely no different from our
surroundings; we are natural bodies among natural bodies. Being a thing with things would
absolve us of much of the guilt the other Moomin characters feel in the face of their
complicity. If the Moomins thought of themselves as Little My seems to think of herself, that
is as part of the ecosystem, they could take up space without feeling guilty. However, they
seem incapable of doing so because they feel responsible for their surroundings. This seems to
not be a case of human exceptionalism (or Moomin exceptionalism) but rather a case in which
the characters recognise they can only hold themselves responsible. In Levinasian ethics it is
clear that the responsibility to the other is a one-way street; we can only recognise our
responsibility to the other, the other has to recognise their responsibility to others on their
own. The ethical demand is personal. Therefore, the Moomin characters feel this ethical
demand to act with care for their surroundings, that do not necessarily extend care to them.
Little My seems correct in the way she argues that the other characters need to own up to their
complicity without guilt. Moominmamma, on the other hand, seems to be correct in her
attitude that they need to take care of the island.
In Vibrant Matter Bennet states that in an assemblage responsibility for an outcome or an
action can only ever be understood as collective. An action is not determined by any singular
agent but by a swarm of agencies of which that agent happened to be part. Therefore, Bennet
states that her theory is in conflict with the politics of holding people responsible for harm.
According to Bennet, within a theory of vibrant assemblages the best way to act is to remove
57

yourself from assemblages with harmful trajectories. That is to say, if you see that you are in a
situation where you or your presence is participating in harm, you need to remove yourself.
Although there are situations in which such a strategy is advisable, I think this is not always
possible. Due to the way certain systems operate in the world there are harmful assemblages
that you cannot remove yourself from. Structures such as racism or events such as climate
change are assemblages that are too big to remove yourself from. The act of trying to remove
yourself from them actively causes more harm.
Bennet seems to see ethics as something that needs to be added to the engagement we have
with vibrant matter. I argue that it may already be part of our engagement. Levinas introduces
an ethics of recognition. He argues that there is an ethical demand that becomes clear to us in
our interaction with an Other. When we meet the eyes of the Other, the Other makes an
ethical demand upon us. The ethical demand is part of every interaction. This ethical demand
is a demand for some kind of care. Levinas describes this as giving or refusing. When we
ignore the other and do not give (this giving can be physical like money or food, but can also
be time, attention or compassion) we are still making an ethical choice. In this way our
engagement with Others is naturally ethical. Levinas very specifically speaks of a human
Other that we meet by making eye contact. However, I think that this meeting with the Other
can be extended to the more than human. Humans seems to sense an ethical demand from at
least some animals and seem to be able to become sensitive to ethical demands of less
recognisable Others like insects or trees. Bennet uses Bill Brown’s Thing theory to argue that
there is a difference between an object and a thing. A thing is an object that we recognise as
unique and irreplaceable. These things are not necessarily things with a lot of value, but rather
things that we have seen as not usable without considering this specific thing. A hammer is
easily usable and requires little thought, it is replaceable by any other hammer. However,
when it breaks, we suddenly become aware of this specific hammer. Brown argues that
literature and art are good ways to become aware of objects as things. The thing in literature
can only appear as thing and not as object because it is unusable for us. We are aware that the
sword of the knight is not replaceable with any other sword because this specific sword has
been described to us, which has importance to us as the readers. If it is possible to recognise
objects as things it may also be possible to recognise the ethical demand things have upon us.
The ethical demand as Levinas describes it is also personal and singular. It is a meeting of two
people. However, since a thing is hard to separate, I think we can argue that assemblages may
also make an ethical demand upon us, ecologies may be an assemblage, but they are not easily
58

separated. Do we need to consider every rock and grain of sand separately? Or can we speak
of the beach as a thing? I argue that we can see certain assemblages as things, such as
ecologies, while others will remain more difficult to see as a thing, such as political
movements.
When we look at vibrant matter as something that makes an ethical demand upon us, we no
longer need to include ethics in our thinking about vibrant matter, because it is already part of
every interaction. We can see the ethical demand things or assemblages may have upon us, we
can choose not to act upon this ethical demand, but this is still an ethical choice.
In Moominpappa at Sea the Moomin family discovers that it is causing harm despite trying
not to. At the conclusion of the book they discover that the Fisherman living on the island is
the original lighthouse keeper. Moomintroll thinks he left because birds kept flying into the
light of the lighthouse and dying, and one day the lighthouse keeper just shut off the light and
left. When the Fisherman returns as the lighthouse keeper, the Moomin family is able to form
a better relationship with the island. Despite the harm the lighthouse keeper was causing to
the birds; he seems to have been a vital element, necessary for the island to be able to form a
healthy eco system.
I argue that Jansson in her novel Moominpappa at Sea presents a complicated and nuanced
view of how to interact with the ecologies around us. I have compared the ethics presented to
us in Moominpappa at Sea with the ethics of Vibrant Matter. I argue that Jansson’s approach
to ethics in Moominpappa at Sea adds to our understanding of an ethics of care when we take
into account the vibrancy of matter. Jansson seems to argue that there are assemblages that
both do harm and care and that it is nearly impossible not to do harm if care is provided,
since something is always obstructed by trying to clear a path for something else. Some
harmful assemblages are assemblages we should remove ourselves from, but some are also
assemblages from which we cannot or should not detangle ourselves.
In this thesis I have argued that Tove Jansson’s Moominpappa at Sea provides a nuanced and
helpful addition to the theory of vibrant matter as proposed by Jane Bennet. When we exclude
matter from our ethical thinking, we are seeing humans and certain animals as exceptional. By
disregarding the binary opposition between subjects and objects, animate and inanimate, we
make it more possible to see the ways we are part of larger structures acting in the world.
Scheler argues that we cannot imagine a human being outside of their context and argues
therefore that the premise of the other minds problem is false. In my opinion, this community
59

we are always a part of does not only include our human communities, but also our morethan-human communities. Levinas invites us to consider a kind of ethical relationship to other
people that is individual as well as communal. A meeting, according to Levinas, is an ethical
event. We are meeting the Other and they make an ethical demand upon us, which we can
choose to ignore, but that is still an ethical choice. Using this point of view, I argue that we
can view our relationship with the world of matter in the same light. We as human beings
have an ethical responsibility to matter because it is there, and we exist in a relationship with
it.
We need to recognise that ecologies are not just resources or habitats for animals we want to
keep alive, they are also beings in their own right, to which we have an ethical responsibility.
Jansson makes us aware that it is often impossible to take up space without doing harm, but
that feelings of guilt and avoidance are not the way to manage this. Instead we need to learn
how to take up space and actively take care, while acknowledging that we will also be
complicit in harm. We are a thing among things, like Little My, which makes the harm we do
part of a natural cycle. We are also always in relationships with Others which makes us
receptive to the ethical demands of the Other, like Moominmamma. We must acknowledge
the space we take without guilt, while trying to respond with care to the ethical demands of
Others. Sometimes we need to take a bird’s nest out of the chimney, but we should try to see
if we cannot hang it out of the window instead.

60

Sources
Adorno, T.W. (1973). Negative Dialectics (Transl. E.B. Ashton) London, Routledge.
Antikainen, N. (2017). Genus i Tove Janssons roman Pappan och havet. (Unpublished
master's thesis) Helsingfors universitet, Helsinki
Bennett, J. (2010). Vibrant matter: A political ecology of things. Durham (N.C.): Duke
University Press.
Brown, B. (2001). Thing Theory. Critical Inquiry, 28(1), pp. 1–22. doi:10.1086/44903
Chen, M. (2012). Animacies: Biopolitics, Racial Mattering, and Queer Affect. Duke
University Press.
Descartes, R. & Cottingham, J. (2013). Meditations on first philosophy: With selections from
the objections and replies : a Latin-English edition. Cambridge, England: Cambridge
University Press.
Donovan, J. (2016). The aesthetics of care: on the literary treatment of animals. New York:
Bloomsbury Academic.
Garroutte, Eva & Westcott, K.D. (2013). The story is a living being: Companionship with
stories in Anishinaabeg studies. pp. 61–79. doi 10.14321/j.ctt7ztcbn.10
Gilligan, C. (1982). In a different voice: Psychological theory and women's development.
Cambridge (Mass.): Harvard University Press.
Happonen, S. (2014). Parties as Heterotopias in Tove Jansson’s Moomin Illustrations and
Texts. The Lion and the Unicorn, 38(2), pp. 182–199. doi:10.1353/uni.2014.0013.
Heinämaa, S. (2018). Strange vegetation: Emotional undercurrents of Tove Jansson’s
Moominvalley in November. SATS, 19(1), pp. 41–67. doi:10.1515/sats-2017-3002.
Horton, J. L. (2013). Beyond the Mirror: Indigenous Ecologies and 'New Materialisms' in
Contemporary Art. Third Text, 27(1), pp. 17–28. doi:10.1080/09528822.2013.753190.
Jansson, T. & Portch, E. (1972). Finn family Moomintroll (Repr.). Harmondsworth: Penguin
Books.

61

Jansson, T. & Hart, K. (1984). Moominpappa at Sea (Repr.). Harmondsworth: Penguin
Books.
Kennedy, K., Molen, G. R., Spielberg, S., Crichton, M., Koepp, D., Neill, S., Dern, L., ...
Amblin Entertainment (Firm). (2000). Jurassic Park. Universal City, CA: Universal.
Kääpä, P. (2015). Ecology and contemporary Nordic cinemas: From nation-building to
ecocosmopolitanism. London: Bloomsbury.
Lindberg Nilsson, S. S. (2010). Pappan, mamman och fyren: Manligt och kvinnligt i Tove
Janssons Pappan och havet och Muminpappans memoarer. Huddinge: Södertörns
högskola.
Levinas, E. (1991). Totality and Infinity: An Essay on Exteriority. Doordrecht: Kluwer.
McGregor, H. & Hoven, E. (27.7.2018). Episode 2.26 Getting Deeply Into Sourdough with
Emily

Hoven,

Secret

Feminist

Agenda,

Episode

2.26

Transcript,

secretfeministagenda.com
McGregor, H. (2013). Complicit Witnessing: Distant Suffering in Contemporary White
Canadian Women’s Writing (Unpublished doctoral dissertation or master's thesis).
University of Guelph, Guelph; Ontario
Moi, T. (2011). The Adventure of Reading: Literature and Philosophy, Cavell and Beauvoir.
Literature and Theology, 25(2), pp. 125–140. doi:10.1093/litthe/frr014.
Perera, Y. (2019). ”Från djurets synvinkel är människan nazisten” Djurskrivandets
antifascistiska potential i Mirjam Tuominens prosa, lecture notes, Research seminar in
philosophy, Åbo Akademi, delivered 18.11.2019.
Rosiek, J. L. & Snyder, J. (2018). Narrative Inquiry and New Materialism: Stories as (Not
Necessarily

Benign)

Agents.

Qualitative

Inquiry,

pp.

1-12

doi:10.1177/1077800418784326.
Scheler, M. (1979). The nature of sympathy (Repr.). London: Routledge.
Winch P. (1990). The Idea of a Social Science and its Relation to Philosophy (Repr.).
Routledge, London.

62

Taipale, J. (2018). The Unseen, the Discouraged, and the Outcast: Expressivity and the
Foundations of Social Recognition. SATS: Northern European Journal of Philosophy,
19 (1), pp. 21–39. doi:10.1515/sats-2017-3004.
Tallbear, K. (2015). An indigenous reflection on working beyond the human/not human.
Theorizing Queer Inhumanisms: The Sense of Brownness. Glq-A Journal Of Lesbian
And Gay Studies, 21(2–3), pp. 230–238. doi:10.1215/10642684-2843323.
Tesar, M. & Arndt, S. (2016). Vibrancy of Childhood Things: Power, Philosophy, and
Political Ecology of Matter. Cultural Studies ↔ Critical Methodologies, 16(2), pp.
193–200. doi:10.1177/1532708616636144.
Tesar, M. & Koro-Ljungberg, M. (2015). Cute, creepy and sublime unnamed childhood
monstrosities.

Discourse.

Abingdon;

England,

37(5),

pp.

694–704.

doi:10.1080/01596306.2015.1075708
Tirkkonen, S. (2019). Yksinäisyyden tunteet Tove Janssonin teoksessa Muumipappa ja meri.
Psykoterapia: Therapeia-säätiön jäsenlehti., 38(3), pp. 185–195.
Westin, B. (1988). Familjen i dalen: Tove Janssons muminvärld. Stockholm: Bonnier.

63

