Markus Finell

Sin Justified
Welsh Nonconformism in Three Short Stories by Dylan Thomas

Markus Finell, 40205
Pro gradu-avhandling i engelska språket och litteraturen
Handledare: Jason Finch
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi
Åbo Akademi 2020

Markus Finell
ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY
Abstract for master’s thesis
Subject: English language and literature
Author: Markus Finell
Title: Sin Justified: Welsh Nonconformism in Three Short Stories by Dylan Thomas
Supervisor: Jason Finch
Abstract:
Dylan Thomas is best known for his poetry, the prose text A Child’s Christmas in Wales,
and the play Under Milk Wood. His ability as a writer of short stories has gone largely
unnoticed and where reference is made, it is usually to his collection Portrait of the Artist
as a Young Dog. Thomas’s short stories contain layered religious imagery and my
hypothesis claims that these depictions of Welsh Nonconformist communities are negative
in a way that reminds of his countryman Caradoc Evans’s controversial collection My
People. I will establish the term Welsh Nonconformism, separate from Welsh
Nonconformity, as a latent ideology charged by theological and sociocultural forces. The
limited research on Thomas’s short stories has not fully interpreted the meaning in these
texts, failing to consider the theological diversity in Welsh Nonconformity and its impact
on the wider culture. This thesis attempts to comprehensively break down the role of Welsh
Nonconformism and deconstructs the imagery in a time when extremism, isolationism, and
reactionary politics are becoming increasingly relevant to address.
Three short stories are singled out: “The Tree”, “The Burning Baby”, and “The Peaches".
This sample provides a range of theme, style, and tone across time that showcases Thomas’s
work. A close reading supported by historical contextualization is applied to each story with
reference to the 1769 standard text of the early seventeenth-century King James Version of
the Bible and relevant Protestant, and specifically Nonconformist, theological works
primarily from the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. When applicable, older texts and
scholarly work on Christian thought that gave rise to these theologies are utilized in the
analysis for clarification.
The analysis indicates that Thomas’s representations of Welsh Nonconformism are more
balanced than expected, with mostly negative, but also some sympathetic and more
nuanced, depictions. Welsh Nonconformism proves to be an effective and functional term
for ascertaining this ideological and regional phenomenon. Thomas does not present a
uniform attack against organized religion or a complete condemnation of the culture that he
grew up in, but a robust critique with a few caveats. His other short stories could serve from
a historically theological and socio-cultural reading, and other frameworks could be applied
as themes of class, sexuality, and gender are equally prevalent in, and important to, the
construction of these narratives.

Keywords: Dylan Thomas, Welsh Nonconformism, religion, theology, culture, rural,
community, short story, Welsh writing in English, Welshness, ideology
Date: 23.09.2020

Pages: 121
i

Markus Finell
Table of Contents

1. Introduction ...................................................................................................................1
2. Methods and Materials ..................................................................................................7
3. Dylan Thomas and Dissent ..........................................................................................14
4. Welsh Nonconformism ................................................................................................22
5. Religion, Welshness and Literature .............................................................................29
5.1 Religion in Literature ...........................................................................................29
5.2 Welshness in Literature ........................................................................................34
6. “The Tree” ...................................................................................................................43
6.1 Genesis of Ideology ..............................................................................................44
6.2 A New Trinity and Conception ............................................................................49
6.3 Crucifixion ............................................................................................................55
7. “The Burning Baby” ....................................................................................................59
7.1 Forbidden Love ....................................................................................................60
7.2 Life and Death ......................................................................................................69
8. “The Peaches”..............................................................................................................73
8.1 Hypocrisy and Loneliness ....................................................................................74
8.2 Class Struggle .......................................................................................................84
9. Discussion and Conclusions ........................................................................................91
Swedish Summary ...........................................................................................................97
References .....................................................................................................................104

ii

Markus Finell
1. Introduction

Artists, as far as I can gather, have set out, however unconsciously, to
prove one of two things: either that they are mad in a sane world, or that
they are sane in a mad world. It has been given to few to make a perfect
fusion of madness and sanity, and all is sane except what we make mad,
and all is mad except what we make sane.
(Selected Letters of Dylan Thomas: 87)

This quote is taken from correspondence between a Trevor Hughes and Dylan Thomas,
one of Britain’s most prominent twentieth-century poets, who frequently faced the
madness and sanity of religious nonconformity in Wales. Most people concern
themselves with Thomas’s celebrated poems but overlook the fact that he was an
accomplished writer of short stories. In his introduction to Dylan Thomas’s Collected
Stories, edited by Walford Davies, Leslie Norris writes: “In short, Dylan Thomas
possessed all the deliberate qualities of a writer of stories. He knew this. From the very
beginning of his career he knew he was not simply a poet.” (2014: ix). To the studious,
his famous play Under Milk Wood and the anecdotal prose text A Child’s Christmas in
Wales, hold an esteemed place in the canon of Welsh writing in English and English
literature in general, together with the rebellious poem “Do not go gentle into that good
night”.
Apart from these works, Thomas wrote various short stories, some of which
touch upon the Christian dissenters in rural Wales. Peculiar characters and shocking
events are depicted in narratives of constant struggle, where poverty and stagnation add
to the hopelessness. The peace is oftentimes disturbed by crime and corruption, which is
further underlined by what ought to be, in a nominally Protestant community, the
presumed metaphysical reality of Christian ethics. The fallen nature of mankind as a
central theme is clear to those who are academically acquainted with Christianity, but the
existence of original sin is not always recognized in the individual’s striving towards
achieving a good life and entry into the kingdom of heaven. Proceeding, they must carry
on under the burden of piety prescribed to the laypeople.
Religion in literature can serve many roles in creating a framework for
manoeuvring the narrative and allowing the characters to align with the world that they
1

Markus Finell
inhabit. What is especially striking, is how religion motivates characters in the choices
that they make and how it justifies certain behaviours. It is the moral aspect of religion
that speaks to the reader, apart from the rituals and ceremonies of a faith group. Some
groups define themselves by what they believe insofar as it stands as a delineated aspect
of their self-perceived identity. Ethnicity, race, sex, gender, language, and political labels
are other features of identity which have a major impact on how individuals orient
themselves in the world, among the people and places surrounding them.
When reading the short stories of a closely related author, Thomas’s
countryman Caradoc Evans, a grim and grey world is revealed to the audience. This world
is populated by the communities present in rural Nonconformist Wales; in particular, but
not exclusively, the poorer areas in rural Wales during the nineteenth century, carrying
over into the early twentieth century. The marginalized people living in squalor, rely on
their unique form of nationalistic Protestantism, which is closely associated with the
countryside and chapels of their towns and villages, in order to get by. The preachers of
these remote communities often hold great power and influence in their relationships with
the laity. Those worshippers, in turn, are probably not as well-read in scripture and
theology. This acquired knowledge plays a part in a fuller understanding of God and
man’s role in the world, from a merely intellectual standpoint, making them less equipped
than the powers-at-be.
Evans’s satirical collection of short stories My People: Stories of the
Peasantry of West Wales (1915), paints a dark picture of his symbolic Little Wales, where
the worst elements of the countryside come to the fore. Hopkins notes that Evans could
be the most prominent early figure of Welsh writing in English, and perhaps even its
founding father (2008: 23). Ironically enough, his importance to this national genre is as
much down to the uproar he caused when active as it is to later appreciation. Attacking
his own people defined him as an author and created an image of self-hatred based on his
scathing indictment of Wales as a nationalistic and religious bubble, a charge for which
the author received harsh criticism from his readership (Harris 1995, Hopkins 1996: 433).
This provocative view of Wales is the main source of inspiration for this thesis as it laid
out a clear precedent for Thomas.
This thesis will attempt to establish the term Welsh Nonconformism, a
concept present in the work of both Thomas and Evans. It is, naturally, a phenomenon of
religious dissent, rooted in certain practices and inherently tied to Welsh cultural
2

Markus Finell
expression and engagement. The theological othering which has defined much of the
nation is both culturally and politically bound, forming a new set of rural and communitybased traditions, away from a prevailing Anglicanism tied to the hegemonic Church of
England. The prevalent term is Welsh Nonconformity, which in all reality refers mainly
to the legal distinction that paved the way for subsequent cultural change. Pope writes in
his introduction to the T&T Clark Companion to Nonconformity: “[…] it was the Act of
Uniformity of 1662, requiring ‘unfeigned assent and consent’ to the Book of Common
Prayer, Episcopal ordination and the swearing of allegiance to the restored monarch
which defined them in law and, in fact, identified them as law-breakers.” (2013: vii).
Having recognized the origins, a vital distinction needs to be drawn.
Nonconformism is defined in the Oxford English Dictionary as:
“Nonconformity; nonconformist principles and practices.”. In the scholarly literature
touching on Wales and its religious order, Richter (1984: 50) uses the term Welsh
Nonconformism, whereas Chambers only uses Nonconformism in one article (2003: 77).
Chambers and Thompson use Protestant Nonconformism in a joint paper (2005a: 338),
but seemingly opt for nonconformism as it is defined above, with one use of “Welsh
nonconformism” as a descriptive term rather than a technical one in a second paper
(2005b). The terminology is potentially confusing and will be established here, by looking
at nonconformity itself and adding the wider meaning of nonconformism which
recognizes both the historical elements of legality and the concept’s sociological nature.
In studies of English Nonconformism, Nonconformity is also used to denote
the rejection of Anglicanism by protestants that in turn developed novel theological
traditions that effected the wider culture (Brown 2012). Johnson separates religious
expression and theological departure from their social implications, using the same term,
but does recognize a “Nonconformist presence” (1999: 9). Glaser (1960) and Bebbington
(2012) analyse the term “Nonconformist conscience”, describing Nonconformists
entering party politics, and dates it back to the late nineteenth century. Bebbington also
stands out by directly incorporating culture: “Chapel values were designed to differ from
those of the public house or high society or even the Church of England. Victorian
Nonconformity was an attempt to create a Christian counter-culture.” (2011: 1-2). There
are still no direct attempts at establishing the term Nonconformism for the culture that
grows out of Nonconformity. Such an umbrella term is clearly needed for clarity and
precision when describing related religious phenomena in various regions.
3

Markus Finell
A limiting focus on nonconformity merely singles out individuals and their
churches or congregations in legal terms, without properly describing the new mode of
being that emerged as a result of this division. Robbins (2013: 75) and Jones (2013: 353)
also point to nonconformity in this limited way, but Smith (2013: 300) shows that it is
tied to social life and invariably affects people beyond their status or power relations in
society. Nonconformity is a set of dissenting theological positions which here merge with
the resulting socio-cultural hegemon in Wales to form the ideology of Welsh
Nonconformism. Distinguished scholar M. Wynn Thomas (2010: 46, 75-76) does not use
the term even though he refers to the ideology of Nonconformist Wales, and fittingly
gives the example of Caradoc Evans’s literary polemic (2010: 100). Nonconformism can
thus be applied to any region where the legal or otherwise normative distinction is made
between the prevalent order and dissident thinkers.
A helpful way of thinking about ideology, which has no widely agreed-upon
definition comes from Morris: “[…] ideology is a belief set socializing individuals with
a group identity promoting social cohesion and praxis aimed at common survival,
dealienation and satisfaction of fundamental human needs and associated desires.” (2010:
18). This needs to be understood in the light of ideology as an unconscious process which
can be seen in the literature of social theorists such as Engels, Feuer, and Nelson (Gerring
1997: 979). Welsh Nonconformism, in turn, encompasses the total and shared
unconscious ideology of socially constructed and naturalized cultural outgrowths
stemming from Protestantism in Wales, under socialising processes of re-enactment.
These started with the judicial creation of official dissent and come from an inherent need
for systems that aim at, and work towards, human desires.
The historical background to the thesis will be expounded upon in a later
section, but the theological and socio-cultural representations of Welsh Nonconformism
by Thomas and the role that this ideology plays in his short stories will be the topic of
this thesis. The hypothesis is that Thomas portrays Welsh Nonconformism as a
hypocritical and corrupt ideology which leads to sin being justified by self-contradictory
reference to established procedures, or by relying on a personalised or local conception
of established Protestant theologies. Furthermore, the assumption is that he does this to
shed light on the nature of these Welsh communities as he perceived them historically
and personally while also providing a supplementary commentary on the ultimately
unredeemable nature of organized religion.
4

Markus Finell
I have chosen three of Thomas’s short stories for analysis. “The Tree”, first
published in 1934 and “The Burning Baby”, which saw its first release in 1936, are part
of a chunk of short stories that did not make up any published collection by Thomas. Still,
they share similar themes and contain references to a shared mythos. The third short story
is “The Peaches”, first published in 1938, which appears first in Thomas’s
autobiographical volume Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog, a collection that first saw
its release in 1940 and which contains nine other works. The reasons for choosing these
stories will be further laid out in the section on methods and materials. These texts provide
a tonally varied and stylistically diverse representative sample of Thomas’s writings
concerning the topic at hand and contain within them allusions and characterizations
which make them prime candidates for study.
The thesis will be divided into eight parts. First, I will go through the
methodology to be applied in my research as well as describing the primary sources. For
further context, there will be a brief biographical section on Dylan Thomas and his
relationship with Christianity and Welsh Nonconformism. After that, there will be a
section in which Welsh Nonconformism is elaborated upon as a Christian, political, and
culture-bound phenomenon in Wales. To clarify and contrast my readings of the main
texts, I will review both religion and Welshness in literature. The following three chapters
will each be an in-depth analysis of one of the short stories according to the method set
out from the start, after which a shorter section will include conclusions and further
discussion. Before all this, there are still parts of my motivation that need to be spelt out.
What seems to be collective amnesia regarding Thomas’s other texts that
do not fall into the categories of poetry and plays, makes an enquiry into his lesser-known
works especially interesting. These short stories portray flaws in the thinking and actions
of the religious masses and reveal how faith-based communities develop cultures around
religion that ossify and become fossilized and corrupt realities. It is difficult to escape
them due to the dogmatic attitudes of those that try to hold on to anything resembling
meaning and purpose. Group pressure and collectively agreed upon conventions take root,
turning into naturalized norms which cannot be broken without consequence. Complying
is the only option for those who want to function properly in these calcified societies, as
the faithful adherents of the main religion remain powerless within the hierarchy. In terms
of social commentary, these are fine examples from a largely unnoticed genre.

5

Markus Finell
Welsh writing in English is a relatively obscure field wherein only a few
voices have hinted at the significance of Thomas’s short stories. One of them is Annis
Pratt, with her valuable publication Dylan Thomas’ Early Prose: A Study in Creative
Mythology that touches upon Christianity in the short stories that I have mentioned, but
without an emphasis on Welsh Nonconformism. Pratt (1970: 189) explicitly mentions
nonconformity only once without as close a reading of the texts as is warranted by their
detailed and referential construction. Broader commentaries are given by Moynihan
(1968), Peach (1988) and Mayer (1995), but they only scratch the surface of the short
stories in this thesis. The abovementioned M. Wynn Thomas (2010) has given his take
on some of these texts and briefly mentions the three that I have chosen. He contemplates
Welsh Nonconformity, challenges what he believes to be a myth of Wales as a
Nonconformist nation, and addresses some of the writers who have broached the subject.
I look to go into more detail, adding to the initial points made by these scholars, in
contributing to the field with a new and comprehensive take.
As far as nonconformism is concerned, differences in opinion and practices
between groups can lead to tension in a world which is becoming increasingly open and
global. More reactionary forces have been making headlines of late (McManus 2019,
Methenitis 2019), and this legitimizes the study of closed cultures that cling on to the
narratives and customs that they define themselves by. This trend provides a serious
context for relevant literary investigation. Many authors have cried out about latent or
more explicit problems within their communities through artistic expression. From an
American perspective, Gillan & Gillan have compiled poems and short stories of
lamentation and inspiration (1994, 1999). These literary political uprisings often present
a riposte to external forces or a complaint about internal insufficiencies that make their
way up to the surface as part of post-colonial theory. Paying attention to lived experience
and seeing beyond the individual at the collective may help in dismantling the rubrics that
have been erected by previous generations. Doing this by literary means gives a higher
conceptual view of the processes involved and a new language in which to describe them,
hopefully solving their inadequacies in the process.

6

Markus Finell
2. Methods and Materials
Analysis of the short stories will be done with a close reading. As with any literary work,
there are nuances and minutiae which can only stand out from the text by thoroughly
engaging with it from a historical perspective. Attention to detail is key and meaningful
parts of the text will be discerned for scrutiny according to Nonconformist and other
relevant Christian literature. Subjective interpretations of Christian imagery, biblical
material, and more rigid and dogmatic versions of universalism and patristics are all
important in realising a fuller understanding of established Christianity and the dissident
faith groups. The complex relationship between denominations adds another layer to the
analysis. This is not to selectively ignore Nonconformity where it may be expedient or
relegate it to the margins when it seems to be acceptable, but to acknowledge the
sometimes fluid and interchangeable nature of Christian religious orders and how they
inform and contradict each other.
I will use the Bible, different theological sources which would have been
available and/or in use during Thomas’s lifetime, and any other materials to be found
about Nonconformist ministry and history which may serve to properly situate the details
of the short stories in an authentic context. Here, it is important to avoid idealizing
denominations or prioritizing any one interpretation of the faith. There was great
theological and philosophical diversity in nonconformist culture and no denomination
held intellectual supremacy at the time. Morgan (2013: 35-38) shows how Methodism,
Calvinism, and congregationalism crossed over despite their differences in a dialectic
which established Wales as a nonconformist nation. Nonconformity allows for a
straightforward analysis due to the increasing plurality and vibrant exchange in a
philosophically revived Britain (Webb 1996, Seed 1996). This shift is represented in the
volumes of nonconformist Protestant texts that will be used in the analysis, incorporating
a multitude of sentiments and perspectives.
References to the Bible will be made and I will use the widely cited standard
King James Version from 1769 which has been praised for its rich and poetic language.
Norton is clear in his, and other critiques of the translation when he succinctly describes
the journey of the authoritative Oxford text by Benjamin Blayney:

7

Markus Finell
As well as Oxford, most other printers at home and abroad took Blayney as
standard, so that the text as now generally found is not that of the first
edition but something that evolved unevenly over a century and a half
before becoming nearly fixed by the standards of the 1760’s imperfectly
applied.
(The King James Bible: A Short History from Tyndale to Today: 166)

Relevance and historical significance are the main reasons for choosing this version of
the Bible, but the ornate texts contained within does lend it to creative comparisons with
the stylistic flair of Thomas.
Wales during the era and in the type of regions in which Thomas’s short
stories take place had a high concentration of Welsh speakers, particularly in rural areas,
that would have wished to some extent to be involved in the liturgical proceedings using
their own language. According to Colin H. Williams (1990: 37), the 1891 census showed
that 54 per cent of the Welsh population spoke Welsh and that 30.1 per cent of those were
monoglot. This is part of the era during which some of Thomas’s and Caradoc Evans’s
stories would have converged and further shows the importance of remembering the
Welsh bible which had already been in use for over two centuries. Richard Griffiths
(2001: 6) describes how, even though English was the mandatory language of
administration in Wales, William Salesbury had produced Welsh versions of the Book of
Common Prayer, Psalter, and New Testament in 1567, followed by William Morgan’s
full translation of the bible which was published in 1588.
As Knoppers (2011: 48) rightly points out, the King James Bible
(henceforth KJB) of 1611 became the official version to be used in the land at the start of
1662 which further solidified its predominant position. Having a normative English text
as the basis for the analysis of Welsh Nonconformism speaks to the nationalistic tension
between England and Wales, much like the contentious religious hypocrisy within the
nonconformism in Thomas’s short stories. If the translation of Morgan in the sixteenth
century played a massive part in the preservation and strengthening of the Welsh
language, so has the KJB influenced the English language and an anglicized Great Britain
since it moved into liturgical and cultural prominence. Jeffrey (2009: 188) acknowledges
the impact that the KJB has had on British authors who attended church or chapel and
were schooled in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. This would include Thomas, who

8

Markus Finell
is sure to have been inspired, both stylistically and thematically, by contemporary
practices.
Considering that Thomas was a great poet, it would only be right to create
a dynamic between his short stories and the KJB, for as Bloom writes of another famous
poet:

The Bible haunts Shelley, who loathed Christianity but carries the rhythms
and metaphors of the KJB into his ecstatic visions of a redeemed human
world and a transmembered nature. It may no longer be possible for any
poet in English to convey transcendental yearnings without the diction and
cadences of the Bible as refracted into the idiom of the King James
translators.
(The Shadow of a Great Rock: 7)

The choice of bible is not a point of contention with any greater ramifications for the
quality and accuracy of the literary analysis. It would still be incumbent on any researcher
to share the motivation for choice of materials when there is such an abundance of
sources. In this case, it lies in the axiomatic yet frequently bolstered, literary, historical,
and cultural supremacy of the KJB in mainstream British literature.
The three short stories analysed in this paper share the religious and cultural
elements that qualify them, but they also differ on worldly themes, which further
contributes to the richness of an extensive analysis. It would not be satisfactory to conduct
a close reading that ignores temporal elements, considering the wide variety of techniques
and archetypes that Thomas utilizes. To ignore the other frames he employed, would be
to ignore a vital part of making any valuable statement about his works as they correspond
with an overarching critique of the inherent dogmatic and oppressive elements in Welsh
Nonconformism. Looking at multiple texts gives credence to the hypothesis and provides
a more solid backing for any auxiliary assertion regarding the author’s possible intentions
to whatever extent they can be derived from the texts. When studying any author in this
manner it is important to look for patterns over time. This thesis provides an adequate
sample size of detailed references with accompanying commentary, while also pointing
to a consistent emergence of specific themes.
There is a bleakness to these stories which strikes the reader from the getgo, but there are also influences going beyond the atmospheric that Thomas integrates
9

Markus Finell
into his prose. The first story, “The Tree”, comes across as a fairy-tale, with fantastical
elements and intertwining narratives appearing throughout. It is not always clear to the
audience what is going on as the surrealist tendencies culminate in a carefully motivated
twist. The story takes place in a village which seems to be situated in the fictional Jarvis
valley as the house, by which most of the story takes place, faces the so-called Jarvis hills.
Hardy (2000: 2) reveals the connection between several parts of Thomas’s writings by
showing the Jarvis valley as being present in his early stories. M. Wynn Thomas (2017:
88) refers to Jarvis Hill and points it out as a bubble in western Wales which Thomas used
as an appropriate environment for the characters in his short stories. The setting plays a
major part, acting as a meeting place where the palpable clashes with the ephemeral.
What gives the narrative its wondrous and magical tone, is the perspective
of the central character, an unnamed boy: “The house changed to his moods, and a lawn
was the sea or the shore or the sky or whatever he wished it.” (2014: 5). During Christmas
time the child plays with a lonely gardener who retells him biblical stories. Their
relationship is endearing as they interact by the house facing the hill, with its tower and
floral decorations: “The gardener called him by his mother’s name, and seated him on his
knee, and talked to him of the wonders of Jerusalem and the birth in the manger.” (2014:
6). Both trees and towers have acted as powerful symbols throughout the work of Thomas
according to Tindall (1996) and will be in focus later. The mood is playful but the line
between the child’s imagination and naivete in relation to the unfolding events is
muddled.
The story is told through the third person, but we mostly get to share in the
perceptions of the child, lending it a degree of innocence that might lull the reader into a
false sense of comfort. An idiot beggar, who later enters the story, also brings innocence;
flowing out of an unformed and confused mind. Standing in the garden is an ominous old
tree that will draw the characters into a dramatic climax with powerful thematic
implications. The surrealism and bizarrely unnerving parts of the story create an
ambiguous atmosphere which supports the underlying critique by providing a
sophisticated set of emotive signifiers. These signifiers flesh out the threadbare plot and
give a more subtle moral and theological effect.
“The Burning Baby” also contends with the surreal, but without the
complex framing, as it works through the medium of Gothic folktale. There are two
components visible in the story as fantasy and horror are intertwined with a confused
10

Markus Finell
sense of identity, as it relates to Welshness and authority within the family hierarchy. The
horror elements mainly come from the almost satanic actions that take place over only
the last couple of pages as the local minister and widower Rhys Rhys rapes and
impregnates his daughter and neglects his disturbed son. His late wife died giving birth
to the boy, who he now calls “Changeling”, and the family of three live together in an
endless spiral of disordered and immoral behaviour which reaches its conclusion with the
death of the daughter in childbirth. She still manages to birth a second son unto her father.
The child also dies, shortly after being delivered, and in a haunting ritual, Rhys Rhys
burns the tiny body, finishing the tale on a dark and violent note.
What makes this sordid tale so unsettlingly believable is the true story that
inspired Thomas to write it. M. Wynn Thomas elucidates on the leadup by disclosing
Thomas’s trip to Aberystwyth where he met with Caradoc Evans. There he heard of the
radical minister William Price, and one particular story which spoke to him:

In his old age, Price, who vigorously promoted the pleasures of the body,
publicly burned at Pontypridd the body of a young son he’d blasphemously
named ‘Iesu Grist’ (Jesus Christ), scandalously born to him of a mother
decades younger than himself. Out of this striking historical episode
Thomas created the gothic story of ‘The Burning Baby’, in which he adopts
the point of view of the outraged local community that accused Price of
incest and ‘monstered’ him by accusing him of child-sacrifice.
(“Marlais”: 38)

The extraordinary origin is interesting, but it is seemingly more a matter of inspiration
rather than a personal crusade. What remains relevant is the religious theme of a
clergyman and father, and his perversion, which qualifies it in every practical sense.
These two stories are, as mentioned above, part of the early works which
come from several different concepts developed by Thomas but still make up a logical
pair that speaks to certain themes. Ackerman manages to concisely characterize the nature
of the two as they relate to their author:

11

Markus Finell
Certainly the stories are close to the universe of the early poems, being
richly charged in their language, almost surreal in the worlds they create,
and owing much to a fertile imagination and an adolescent's obsessional,
introspective concerns with religion, sex and death.
(A Dylan Thomas Companion: 166)

He goes on to confirm the Biblical undertones of “The Tree” and describes “The Burning
Baby” as being satirical in tone while taking on its source material. The justification for
choosing this text is the element of corruption which distinguishes it from the innocence
of “The Tree”. The two short stories differ in tone but also stand together in stark contrast
to the final story.
“The Peaches” is vastly different and presents to the reader a personal and
often humorous account of Thomas’s youth. It shows through realism how Welsh
Nonconformism could clash with modernity in an everyday setting where any type of sin
is, at its worst, tepid compared to the horrific events of the previous stories. Ackerman
claims that Thomas, with a collection published just before the start of the Second World
War, showed his prominence as a prose writer and excelled with great flair:

From this point the jester and entertainer in the poet’s personality, largely
absent in the high seriousness of his best verse, had discovered a role in
literature, a role where the poet’s gift for comedy was enriched by a piercing
nostalgia and that haunting perception of mutability and death that veined
his poetry.
(A Dylan Thomas Companion: 180)

He makes these initial claims about the collection directly referring to another of the
stories, “A Visit to Grandpa’s”, but the fun and light tone can be felt in all the stories that
feature Thomas as a curious and innocent lad.
As this is an autobiographical short story, it is told in the first person with a
great sense of detail, pertaining both to the physical as well as the finetuned emotional
states of the characters. Dylan is a young boy who is staying with his timid aunt Annie,
and burly uncle Jim, who scrapes his family dry for money to spend at the pub. Dylan’s
cousin Gwilym who is a to-be minister conducts underground services in a makeshift
chapel on the family farm. During his stay, Dylan is joined by his friend Jack Williams,
12

Markus Finell
the son of an affluent woman from Swansea. Two worlds of old and new meet at the
dingy farm where nonconformist backwardness makes itself known as the boys try to
enjoy themselves amidst the chaos. The personal influence is tangible and rightly so, just
as Hallam (2015: 227-228) briefly describes Thomas’s upbringing, going to chapel and
partaking in Nonconformist liturgy. “The Peaches” gives a far more nuanced and relatable
peek into Welsh Nonconformism, borrowing the eyes and ears of a young Thomas. It
shows great insight into a world rife with contradictions.
Stylistically varied, these texts stand out among Thomas’s short stories as
the most distinctly critical of Welsh Nonconformism; “The Holy Six” and “The Enemies”
also warrant a mention. Mayer (1995: 18) writes that “The Holy Six” starred in the socalled Red Notebook and was originally titled “A Doom on the Sun”, working off “The
Enemies”. The connection with “The Tree” comes through the Red Notebook which, as
Tritschler (1971) reports, was a copybook that Thomas filled with short stories during his
early years and developed in later collections. Many links operate between Thomas’s
texts, indicating a grand narrative containing the multitude of ideas he explored
throughout his career. The two stories mentioned here definitely fall into the category of
religious critique on Thomas’s part, but the overreliance on sex, gender, and occultism
pushes them into an incubated world-building. They form a complex framework that
deserves to be deconstructed away from the specificity of Welsh Nonconformism.
The three stories that I have chosen, make for a multifaceted platform, and
a close reading is necessary for unearthing the myriad literary pressure points. Allowing
the ideological lens to steer the close reading makes for a coherent synthesis of literary
critique and the realization of wider social commentary. Thomas gives his readers an
array of referential material and meaningful imagery which require unwavering attention.
An understanding of the role that religion and culture play when people attempt to justify
their behaviour is vital in any broader thematic analysis of the concepts developed in the
stories. The interplay between the larger scale of theme together with the terminology and
technical aspects of ideology as it is practised and re-enacted will serve as the
compounded interpretative prism of this thesis.

13

Markus Finell
3. Dylan Thomas and Dissent
Dylan Thomas was an author who gained a reputation based as much on his lifestyle and
quirky personality as on the innovative and influential literature that he produced. His
idiosyncratic bohemianism is part of the image that has served as the motif for
mythologizing him. It gives him an air of mystique and importance that oftentimes lacks
grounding. Many artists whose lives are researched and scrutinized according to
legitimate biographical conventions receive fair and factually detailed characterizations,
but it is undeniable that the instincts of individual biographers and the influence of earlier
work on later additions shape the narrative that ultimately arises. The aspects of Thomas’s
life which are relevant to Welsh Nonconformism will be in focus here, without lingering
too much on his eccentricities.
Walford Davies (2014) gives an accessible and pertinent take on Thomas’s
life, focusing mostly on his contributions to Welsh literature. In the biography, Davies
paints the picture of a man who is born into, and significantly shaped by, his cultural and
social environment. Thomas was born in the south of Wales, Swansea to be specific, in
1914 to parents hailing from Carmarthenshire, a neighbouring county. Bell (2000: 7)
provides literary context for this English-speaking hub by connecting it to Thomas and
London-born author Kingsley Amis. Thomas was brought up in a middle-class home to
a father who worked as an English teacher and actively avoided passing on either the
Welsh language or Welsh accent that he and his wife were prone to (2014: 6-7). Ferris
(2017) describes the neighbourhood that Thomas grew up in as “genteel” and “orthodox”,
depicting him as an unimpressive student who went into journalism in his late teens. The
stable family life, with an early introduction to English literature and Welsh mythology,
might not seem to be typical for a to-be poet looking to stir up controversy, but there were
signs.
Thomas’s father was, according to Lycett, vehemently atheist, or at least as
close to it as one could have been at that time and in that place. This condition did not
match the environment that he inhabited, the place where he married Dylan’s mother
Florence Hannah, conducting the ceremony in a Congregationalist church (2004: 14).
Thomas’s great-uncle was a Unitarian minister and poet who preached and wrote with
much fervour for the Welsh working-class during the mid-1800s when the franchise was
being spread across the land (Davies 2014: 7-8). Family background is not necessarily
indicative of future opinion, but the privilege of having highly educated and talented
14

Markus Finell
people of all stripes in your family can give an author the head start they need, not to
mention an abundance of source material. Poetry, love for the English language, and
deeply religious as well as irreligious family members surrounded Thomas.
It is important not to mistake a childhood on the streets of Wales during the
First World War for an easy one. Although they belonged to the higher echelons of
society, the young Thomas will still have experienced a dull existence, religion providing
some activity. As Lycett (2004: 8) mentions, Swansea at the time was, unusually for a
city, deeply Nonconformist with a vibrant church-going culture bolstered by an influx of
workers from the countryside. Another central aspect of Thomas’s childhood was the
vacations to Fernhill, which inspired him to write among others “The Peaches”. Frequent
visits to chapel and Sunday-school, where the Welsh tongue was to be heard, also
contributed to his identity (Davies 2014: 9).
Fernhill is generally assumed to be, and seems to be, the inspiration for the
poem Fern Hill (Thomas 2000: 134-135), but this notion is challenged by David N.
Thomas (2014). Ackerman, in turn, chooses to emphasise the nonconformity of chapel
and the proximity to a poor and struggling industrial Wales (1996: 27). This heritage,
allowing him to speak directly to his own experiences, is in many ways what gave the
writer his unique lens and ability to perceive style and rhythm. These were part of a toolset
that helped bolster the works which have been bestowed upon subsequent generations of
artists.
According to Jones, Wales at the time was a hotbed for liberalism,
radicalism, and international socialism which were replacing the religion of the past two
centuries: “The Nonconformist chapels began a steady and irreversible decline in support
and influence, especially among the industrial and urban masses of the south, a decline
accelerated by the fall in the numbers speaking the Welsh language.” (2014: 156). John
Davies records how after the First World War and the Welsh prime minister David Lloyd
George’s resignation, Labour and the two blocs of the old Liberal Party dominated in
Swansea and the rest of the south (1993: 545). The environment in which Thomas grew
up was increasingly secular and left-wing, chapel falling out of the national
consciousness. These transformative shifts in lifestyle and attitude do not negate
Thomas’s experiences of a politically liberal and theologically radical Welsh
Nonconformism that was still present, albeit diminished.
15

Markus Finell
The Canadian-born intellectual John Malcolm Brinnin’s (1955) retelling of
Thomas’s escapades in the USA is another fascinating, although slightly romanticised
image of the Welsh author. Without taking things out of their context or sensationalising
the anecdotes he conveys, Brinnin takes his readers through a spiritual and literary
journey through America and Great Britain. For instance, he tells of a startling confession
when Thomas reacted to a couple passionately kissing in a booth: “‘How filthy!’ he said
to Liz. Amazed at such an unexpected remark, Liz told him that he spoke like a Puritan.
‘Yes,’ he said, as if for the first time he had understood something about himself, ‘I am a
Puritan!’” (1955: 263). This is not to say that spontaneous self-realization is a matter of
fact to be taken seriously, but it shows a sense of self in Thomas that correlates with how
some critics perceive his work. What many of them have recognized is a religious poet
with certain reservations and amendments. He might have known that to be the case
himself.
When taking this exchange into account, Brinnin’s description of Thomas’s
relationship with alcohol and sex becomes even more nuanced. The image is not that of
a hopeless addict, but of a sensitive mind partly obsessed with matters of the flesh which
saw a release in his poetry. His reliance on alcohol was more about companionship and
safety rather than a physically or spiritually necessary dependency that controlled his art.
So, there seems to have been all manner of contradictions in his outlook on life, possible
issues that perhaps he felt needed not to be resolved. Ackerman, whose work on Thomas
has been consequential, supports the idea of Thomas as puritanical in persuasion (1996:
3). The fleeting ideal of eclectic philosophizing and irreverent practical reason, or lack
thereof, in his constant dialogue with the world around him seems to have defined his
idea of right and wrong.
Natural religion and how it manifests in man’s striving upwards is another
central element in Thomas’s work rather than a pedagogical take supplemented with
inspiration drawn from philosophical abstractions. Brinnin recalls a lacklustre and
unfocused Thomas, who only a couple of years before his death declared that he would
write poetry praising creation from an atheistic or agnostic perspective (1955: 128).
Somewhat cryptically, the tone in which this message was delivered legitimizes the idea
of Thomas speaking to our hearts and minds without addressing the big questions as they
are posed. Any successful poet or storyteller will give some answers that may be deemed
profound and important, but as Ackerman writes: “In his own work, however, Thomas
16

Markus Finell
was primarily concerned not with political, but with emotional, religious, and sexual
man”. (1996: 18). Again, it is the focus on the religious creature rather than a divine
presence that many fail to identify as a robustly deistic and naturalistic view of man in
the world, his spirit, and the religious life.
Lacking an involved God-figure, or any recognized authority in his works,
it might not come as a surprise that Thomas was critical of the Catholic Church. Brinnin
(1955: 43) tells the story of Thomas explaining the events of a dinner he attended, during
which he felt that he was pushed into making statements on the Church. This ended in a
litany of unsubstantiated and thoughtless utterances which he suspected could be used
against him. Harsh criticisms stemming from a lack of personal knowledge about
Catholicism on Thomas’s part is not as Brinnin notes, entirely in line with the general
sense of Dylan Thomas as such. Thomas never lived long enough to witness the second
Vatican council, but Pope Leo XIII’s (1891) encyclical Rerum Novarum, speaking to the
plight of the working class should have been to his liking. The much later Humanae Vitae
by Pope Paul VI (1968), which observes the natural sexual instincts in man and the
morality of sexual conduct, might also have been of interest.
Class-conscious theology has not been central to the Catholic dialectic with
its materialist foundation but the progressivism in the previously mentioned magisterial
letters stands for a collectivism that brings attention to the activist nature of South
American liberation theology. Thomas himself could easily and correctly be described as
a leftist, although not as ideologically rigid as most. Brinnin writes:

Dylan's political naivete, it seemed to me, was a consequence of his
promiscuous affection for humanity and of his need for emotional
identification with the lowest stratum of society. His socialism was
basically Tolstoyan, the attempt of the spiritual aristocrat to hold in one
embrace the good heart of mankind, a gesture and a purpose
uncontaminated by the realpolitik of the twentieth century.
(Dylan Thomas in America: 32)

This kind of thinking is sure to make any artist popular but does not say much about
anything, although Brinnin’s description fits the portrait of Thomas as a romantic. Still,
the purely political commentary that can be discerned from Thomas’s communications
does not weigh as much as his other forays into more fleeting intellectual territory.
17

Markus Finell
Tolstoy is a striking and unexpected parallel to draw next to Thomas; two
figures clouded in mystique with wildly different stories to tell. They both identified with
a radicalism that was never too plebeian nor too aristocratic, even though Brinnin seems
to think that it is directed from a place of desperation. The anti-intellectual strand in
Thomas that becomes clear by reading Brinnin’s quote above further reinforces Thomas
as someone not to take too seriously regarding political discourse. He espoused a joyful
conception of reality which coloured his art and made it accessible to those not part of the
intelligentsia. His curious character was experienced by many up until his death in New
York on November 9, 1953 (Davies 2014).
Tolstoy is the perfect example of when fiction-writers and other
intellectuals harness their learnedness to reimagine the Christianity of their fathers,
adapting the faith to modern sensibilities. The Orthodox Tolstoy, Protestant Jaques Ellul
and Catholic Worker Movement founded by Dorothy Day and Peter Maurin have all
contributed to Christian Anarchism, an obscure tradition which shares the dissent of
Welsh Nonconformists (Christoyannopolous 2010). These personalities are the face of a
marginal movement that one cannot help but imagine Thomas as being a part of. Sermons
and hymn-singing aside, the idea of liberation not just from sinfulness, but from
hierarchical structures in the secular sphere, seems to be in line with Thomas’s
rebelliousness.
Thomas himself has been accused of reworking Christianity in various
ways, Greenway (2015) noticing a promotion of humanism and pantheism present in the
dialect of his poems. Others, like Murdy (1966: 72) see a more ambiguous presentation
of religious thought. Roberts (2009: 101), as in this thesis, identifies the general blindness
to Thomas’s use of Welsh Nonconformity. Whether Thomas proposes any answers for
Wales’ failed institutions is hard to say. It is a question often answered by authors who
address some egregious societal fault. He was probably not quite as strident in his
handling of the past as some like to imagine, realising that he needed both to accept it as
a part of himself and point out where it all went wrong.
Thomas expressed self-contradicting thoughts and feelings about
Christianity, God and religion. In a letter to his wife, he uses the Lord’s name in vain
throughout to most avidly convey his love and longing (1985: 759-760). Writing to his
friend, the novelist Pamela Hansford Johnson, he exclaims: “I think of God and Death
and Triangles.” (1966: 121). On Armistice Day of 1933, he wrote:
18

Markus Finell
We are said to be faithless, because our God is not a capitalist God, to be
unpatriotic because we do not believe in the Tory Government. We are said
to be immoral because we know that marriage is a dead institution, that the
old rigid monogamous lifelong union of male and female — the exceptions
of beauty — is a corrupted thought.
(Selected Letters of Dylan Thomas: 64)

In these scribblings, we see an appreciation for the intrinsic value of the word God and
the searing image of the Father, but also a recognition of his Welsh Nonconformist, antiimperial roots.
To look for clarity in Thomas’s theological position is a fool’s errand and it
is made no less so when considering his take on belief in what may lie beyond the
observable universe. He once said that it is easier to believe in fairies than the pope,
juxtaposing it with saying that:

Superstition is a moral vice, but a man who believes in the supernatural is a
man who takes things literally. It is the aim of the church — that
embodiment of a medieval moral — to do away with man’s sense of the
literal. How much better to say that God is big than that he is ‘allpervading’.
(Selected Letters of Dylan Thomas: 89)

Doing some writing in the countryside, he sends a letter to a friend: “My deaf farmer
believes in fairies, and burns a red lamp under a religious magazine reproduction of
somebody’s hideous head of Christ; even his calendars are Christian: I always expect to
find a cross in the soup, or find a chicken crucified by skewers to a fatty plate.” (1966:
158). Always closer to the profane than the sacred, Thomas immersed himself in the
obscurities of religion when it seemed expedient. Humour, stylistic twang, and random
utterances; he was religious without codification or gravity.
The multitude of contradictions and almost blasphemous rhetoric that
Thomas shaped his messages in do tell us something important about his Christianity: it
cannot be perfectly understood. Davies tends to agree with the less assertive approach to
Thomas’s relationship with religion:

19

Markus Finell
Thomas’s religious position has been the topic of much discussion, and
various formulations have been offered, from Empson’s ‘pessimistic
pantheism’ or FitzGibbon’s suggestion of something like a reluctant
agnosticism, through to Aneirin Talfan Davies’s bid to make Thomas all
but a Catholic. One thing is clear — the folly of placing him inside any mere
orthodoxy.
(Dylan Thomas: 155)

It is easier, and more accurate, to define Thomas’s religious beliefs by what he did not
subscribe to rather than what he would have professed. The simultaneously flippant and
sincere outbursts in his writings and daily interactions place him in a category where an
unwilling declaration of ignorance or hopeless gamble on the apparent divinity are
interchangeable. Poets especially, linger on any number of external phenomena, and their
final syntheses do not require further extrapolation.
It can be concluded that Thomas was a rebel. He was both a product and
critic of his Welsh Nonconformist background. Davies (2014: 46) shows that it was not
too oppressive of an environment to be discarded by him. Ackerman (1996: 34) points
out that he felt ambivalence towards Welsh Nonconformity, combining an appreciation
for the spoken word in chapel and a natural affinity for religion with a disdain for the
nationalistic and isolationist tendencies of the movement. He had a brief history with
political radicalism without serious contemplation and was situated on the political left
with some Tolstoyan infusions which can be tied to Nonconformity through Ackerman’s
comments: “Welsh radicalism, a most important factor in his environment, left its impact
upon the young poet. Its traditions were evangelical and liberal, rather than Marxist.
Thomas did, in the early thirties, become a member of the Communist Party, but soon
detached himself from it.” (1996: 31). Such dalliances are typical for artists ever since the
nineteenth century and show curiosity and heart, which is to be expected.
Thomas as a writer was not a carbon copy of Caradoc Evans or a
sycophantic admirer of Thomas Hardy, who he greatly admired (Ferris 1977: 239-240).
He was also not the keeper of the druidical secrets of Wales. He made his own way,
carving out a space that has not been as fully inhabited since. Kidder (1973) shows
Thomas as a renowned writer of religious poetry that did not rely on imagery but who
managed to use it in a multitude of ways, mainly as referential, allusive, and thematic.
Here, Kidder provides a useful and effective way of categorizing the religious elements
20

Markus Finell
of the poetry, which can also be applied, in part, to the short stories. It does not limit the
scope but formulates a helpful guideline for thinking about relevant items in the texts.
The potential for both nuance and unambiguous language reveals to the keen reader a
dynamic talent who managed to embody a unique attitude and spirit.

21

Markus Finell
4. Welsh Nonconformism
Wales was through much of its history in a constant fluctuation of peace and conquest. It
remained a fragmented nation without centralized leadership up until the Acts of Union
of 1536 and 1543 (Davies 1987, Charles-Edwards 2013). Early Christianity in Wales was
transformed by St Patrick’s conversion of Ireland, the Irish remaining tied to Catholicism.
The episcopal Celtic churches in Wales eventually acknowledged the authority of Rome,
albeit with several caveats, during the Norman conquest. Williams (1976) shows how the
move into communion with Canterbury was met with widespread resistance. Fisher
(2010: 37) in turn details how independence from Canterbury was sought by Owain
Glyndŵr in the early fifteenth century. The constant clashes with the Church in England
spell out the contentious relationship between colonizer and colonized, eventually
dividing Welsh and English Nonconformism on the basis of nationality.
Under the rule of the Wales-descended House of Tudor, England, and
subsequently, Wales finalized the break with Rome. The crown gained supremacy,
handing Henry VIII jurisdiction over both Church and state (Williams 2002). Bradshaw
(1996) describes the transition as relatively painless, Wales remaining calm during a
crucial moment. Religious reform in Britain was still turbulent, with setbacks and
successes for the anglicization of the faith. Puritan Protestantism saw a marginal rise in
the seventeenth century, although the Welsh remained apathetic to the movement’s aim
and only a small minority identified as such; nativism being more central to these changes
compared to the Irish (Gribben 2008). One of the main Welsh figures of the time was the
preacher Vavasor Powell, who was a leading executor of state-sponsored evangelism in
Wales (Puritans and Puritanism in Europe and America, s.v. Powell, Vavasor (16171668)). Powell exemplified the energetic religiosity latent in Wales that briefly showed
itself and set the stage for a more forceful dissidence.
Early dissent was initially denied through the subjugation of its proponents
by legal means up until the Toleration Act of 1688 which granted the right of worship to
some Trinitarians (Davies 1993). Full toleration of all Protestant denominations would
have to wait, not to mention the Catholics. It would take almost two centuries for real
progress to take place as Greenwood and Harris write: “Unitarians were forced to provide
their own schools, in the form of Dissenters’ Academies, and a later Blasphemy Act
prevented them from public office. These barriers were in full effect until 1813, and
complete freedom for non-Trinitarians was not achieved until 1844.” (2011: 40). Political
22

Markus Finell
struggle is part of the Welsh experience not just in terms of nationhood but also for the
individual rights of heterodox religious thinkers who ultimately changed the culture.
The deliberate move away from Roman traditionalism and English religious
orthodoxy was not just a progressive and enlightened development of Christian thought,
but the result of a political and philosophical dialectic, wherein new ideas were inculcated
in old spaces. Morgan (2013), who recognizes the slower eradication of Catholic remains
in Wales when compared to England, elucidates the shift that took place in Wales after
the reformation:

However, a strong strain of nonconformist religion began to pepper Wales
with its distinctive buildings, greatly influenced by the Puritan theology of
Luther and Calvin, emphasizing the Word rather than Sacraments, with
ecstatic worship characterized by rousing hymns and long sermons. The
established Anglican Church became the church of a minority, lacking the
allegiance of most of the population of Wales by the mid-nineteenth
century.
(“The Church in Wales”: 454)

Martin Luther, John Calvin, John Wesley, and George Whitefield were among the
inspiring forces that shaped the Nonconformity which was such an integral part of Welsh
life in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. They formed the vocabulary for a new
kind of theology distinct from the enigmatic cosmological notions of classical theism that
were slowly fading away.
As with any movement based on revolution and revision, the new thinking
spawned a multitude of independent churches, often influenced by local politics and
national socio-cultural scenarios. Unitarianism, one of the more controversial dissenting
traditions, spawned at various locations around Europe with different outcomes, although
the churches shared certain attributes: “The separate movements had common
characteristics: affirmations of the unity of God, the humanity of Jesus, and human
religious responsibility, and rejections of the doctrines of the Trinity, the divinity of Jesus,
and human corruption or total depravity.” (Encyclopedia of Religion, s.v. Unitarian
Universalist Association). The important factor is the Christology and local approach
inherent to the denomination which separates it from the more popular Protestant

23

Markus Finell
traditions. It is also worth noting how these new traditions gave birth to localized
theologies, including in Wales.
Being one of the theological inspirations of Welsh Nonconformism, Calvin
kept in line with recognizing the presence of Christ in the Eucharist, and three persons
making up the trinity of one creator. He would have many sharp disagreements with
Rome. Mullett (1989) narrates Calvin’s opposition to the Holy See, with a condemnation
of their status as the one true church and his dissent toward the French monarchy. He saw
no path to reform even though he believed in a universal church. Gordon notes that Calvin
eventually made the Swiss city of Geneva a haven for radical Christian expression in the
sixteenth century and quotes John Knox’s testimony of the place as the “Perfecte Schoole
of Christe” (2009: 276). In this small community, Calvin wrote the Geneva Catechism
for the instruction of the laity.
Part of a translation of this catechism by Henry Beveridge reads: “In short,
he alone makes room in us for them. He regenerates us and makes us to be new creatures.
Accordingly, whatever gifts are offered us in Christ, we receive by the agency of the
Spirit.” (1975: 260). When you are saved it is permanent and only by the grace of God,
typical for the born-again phenomenon. Calvinism’s insistence on stressing the personal
relationship between believer and God, fits well in the houses of worship that the Welsh
countryside used to hold. In those chapels, which were informal religious premises,
original hymns could be heard, and even the laity preached (Wooding & Yates 2011).
Welsh Nonconformism as a natural product of this school of thought was the reality in
which Dylan Thomas grew up and provides the backdrop and much of the inspiration for
the short stories in this thesis.
One of the major differences between Welsh and English Nonconformism
was the sheer numbers that made up the Calvinistic Methodists. Proportionally, the
movement in Wales makes the English contingent seem almost insignificant. Field’s
(2012) meta-analysis provides statistics confirming the discrepancy even if a significant
margin of error is recognized in the data. Jones (2014) sketches the rise of Methodism in
Wales as a dissenting tradition pushing aside a neglected Anglicanism that did not receive
enough support. Davies writes:

24

Markus Finell
Although they were not to make use of the word for decades, the Calvinistic
Methodists from 1811 onwards were Nonconformists. That fact
fundamentally changed the denominational balance in Wales, for it meant
that the vast majority of the devout among the Welsh were associated with
denominations other than the Established Church.
(A History of Wales: 342)

Taking this major push into account, the alliance of Calvinistic and Methodist remnants
requires a reading of its postulators, John Wesley and George Whitefield. Jones (2015)
assesses the situation as a declining Calvinism being adopted by Whitefield especially,
and a rift between the two main reformists. It needs to be mentioned that the personal
antagonism between them was not just down to theological disputes, but also
temperament and attitude (Maddock 2012).
As the foundation of Nonconformist expression started to take place, the
secular realities of religious life became increasingly relevant to address by preachers and
theologians. For instance, Wesley’s life and realizations of religious truth were moulded
by the political realities of the time. As Lodahl (2010: 23) points out, Wesley talked of
the political image and saw man as the steward of nature, a concept that becomes apparent
in Thomas’s “The Tree”. According to Brown (1988: 19), other practices of Wesley’s
like lay preachers and women leaders, were subject to impassioned criticism levied
against the Methodist movement, primarily from establishment churchmen and
politicians. The prevalence of active laity participating in a stripped-down liturgy,
preaching on matters of individual responsibility is ubiquitous in Welsh Nonconformism.
Welsh Calvinistic Methodism had established itself by the late eighteenth
century, when, according to Jones, White, and Schlenther (2012: 216-217), Welsh
migrants brought the faith to major industrial cities in England. Expanding, they added to
the dozens of chapels that were already being built in Wales. This sect was dominant at
the time, deserving much credit for this shift, but there was still a diversity of opinion.
Brown mentions the thousands of pacifist Quakers, mostly consisting of families from
the middling shifts of British society (2003: 46). The disconnect with more aggressive
working-class sentiments sets it apart, but the perfection of man by the grace of God is
still resonant in the message of non-violence. Bebbington (2005) shows the history of
Nonconformist thought in Great Britain as a struggle between competing movements also
struggling against the state, which further reinforces the colonial dynamic.
25

Markus Finell
Congregationalism, fully devoted to the independent practice of the
Christian faith, allegedly bridges the gap between top and bottom in a hierarchy based on
class. Brown challenges this generalisation:

It seems simply to have been assumed that it reflected the social hierarchy
of dissent, Congregationalists drawn from the higher echelons of society,
the Wesleyans and Free Methodists a little lower, then the Baptists, with the
Primitive Methodists and Bible Christians, who recruited from furthest
down in the social scale, bringing up the rear.
(A Social History of the Nonconformist Ministry in England and Wales 1800-1930: 20)

The initial assumption is not an accurate characterization of the relationship between the
denominations, although Dylan Thomas’s father, being of higher class, married in a
Congregationalist church as mentioned above.
Larsen shows the populist pull of Congregationalism when presenting the
tradition’s substantial weight in Welsh society, drawing large crowds to the chapels on
Sundays (2017: 39). Preconceived notions of which theology is most readily available to
which group of people is not of greatest importance in understanding the theology itself,
and it is not helpful to separate Welsh Nonconformity into northern, western, and southern
sects, or to reduce it to class. Class-consciousness and political awareness did play
important parts in the movement and gave Welsh Nonconformism its antagonistic
character when seen in a British context. The short stories represent a bout stretching from
the late eighteenth century to Thomas’s own lifetime encompassing the lower and
middling strata of society in mainly rural areas and thus encompass this attitude, which is
on full display in “The Peaches”.
It would be a mistake to presume that the characterization of Welsh
Nonconformism by Thomas as an ignorant creed is historically accurate. His perception
of Welsh Nonconformism shows an interesting contradiction. He was not raised in a home
that stoked nationalistic or religious fervour and he was introduced to chapel-culture’s
more benevolent side. His disdain for the many toxic elements is clear in his superficially
English and cultured upbringing but there is still, as stated above, an affinity for the
literary and artistic components. If Thomas had grown up in a rural area and been subject
to more authoritarian forms and then made a career for himself as a poet in London and
26

Markus Finell
abroad, then the world might have seen a more energetic opposition to Welsh
Nonconformism from him. Caradoc Evans, who grew up in Cardiganshire in the late
nineteenth century, was much closer to the source of Welsh Nonconformism and
developed a far sterner approach to dealing with it (Harris 1996).
Challenging the stereotypical view of Welsh backwardness, presented by
Thomas and Evans, local diversity will have leaned towards a lack of intellectual rigour,
but disciplined thinking was still practised among the learned. Jones (2009: 104) shows
that Whitefield’s and Wesley’s American colleague, Jonathan Edwards, partly based his
theology on enlightenment epistemologies that emphasise the contingency on sense-data
when describing conversion and the ability to know God directly, indicating the potential
for empirical approaches. Two Baptist colleges were erected in early nineteenth-century
Wales as Johnson reports (1999: 19), together with a college for training ministers in
1837, adding another in 1842 according to Mann (1854: 38). Educating the clergy and
incentivising others to engage with ideas were great early accomplishments, but as with
criticism of their proselytizing from the established church, so did published criticisms of
a more political and colonial nature gain traction.
McCarthy (1912), in his stinging indictment, warned of the strain that
British Nonconformism together with Roman loyalism in Ireland would have on the
union. This reflects the nationalistic tendencies of localized applications. Expressing
nationalism was a streak in Dylan Thomas incomparable to the aspirations of McCarthy.
Fitzgibbon relays Robert Pocock’s account of Thomas’s stance on Welsh nationalism: “I
only once heard Dylan express an opinion on Welsh Nationalism. He used three words.
Two of them were Welsh Nationalism.” (1965: 10). Brown correctly identifies the
nationalistic Nonconformity that was substantially more active in Wales and whose
preachers stood in positions of tremendous power within their respective communities
(1988: 2-11). The ideology drew effectively from reactionary nativism.
If Welsh Nonconformism is against the rule of Anglicanism, then the
negative attitude towards Catholicism expressed by Thomas would surely be reflected in
the Welsh people. Having displaced the Church of Wales, Welsh Nonconformism
enjoyed a long period of pre-eminence. Hughes (2002: 318) details anti-Catholicism in
Wales and ties its brief ascendancy in the early twentieth century to the Catholic church’s
strengthening. He unveils hateful rhetoric from media and demonstrations against the
aims of the Catholic community, a regrettable part of Welsh history. Later, the Welsh
27

Markus Finell
Church was officially disestablished after the first world war (Protestant Nonconformist
Texts Volume 4: 5), and in 1928 the Welsh Calvinistic Methodists rebranded themselves
as The Presbyterian Church in Wales (Holmes 2017).
Due to the weaknesses of Welsh Nonconformism, Thomas got to witness
the beginning of the end, especially during his short time in life during the post-war era.
Chambers and Thompson (2005a) charter the downfall of Nonconformism as it loosened
its grip on Welsh life. The constant fluctuation and, downfall, are connected to the
movement’s shortcomings. Morgan presents its final stages:

Whereas chapel religion was seen to be oppressive and puritanical,
Anglicanism, with its Prayer Book liturgy, sacramentalism and rounded
doctrines of creation and incarnation, provided a very appealing version of
Christian faith. Unencumbered by the negativities of sabbatarianism and
teetotalism, it presented a viable spiritual alternative for those who were
offended by nonconformity but chose not to succumb to secularism and
irreligion.
(“Christianity and National Identity in Twentieth-Century Wales”: 337)

It was a natural end and one probably foreseen by those who looked at chapel with a touch
of nostalgia, inspecting a problematic by-product of Welsh struggle and religious inquiry.
Thomas and others attacked an ideology that ran its course in the history of Wales. It is a
part of Welsh identity that preyed on the masses, but which also gave rise to new ways of
viewing God and life. Thomas’s subversive nature motivated a love-hate relationship with
Welsh Nonconformism that would come to shape Welsh writing in English.

28

Markus Finell
5. Religion, Welshness and Literature
The Christianity and Welshness present in Dylan Thomas’s short stories legitimize the
literature both as expressed lived experience and sophisticated critique. Nation and faith
in their impact on the wider culture naturally provoke a response from the artist. Such
responses are to be read and interpreted through an understanding of the references,
symbols, archetypes, and narrative structures that allow the style of the author to manifest
on the pages with confidence. Dawson writes: “Therefore from the beginning the social
way of life which is culture has been deliberately ordered and directed in accordance with
the higher laws of life which are religion.” (2013: 37). When reading any text, the
experience is often enhanced if the reader possesses information that can be gained from
classic literature, allowing the reader to recognize the references in the pieces as well as
the context out of which they arose. Thomas could be read, enjoyed, and to a certain
extent understood, by anyone. To fully appreciate the nature of his work it is necessary
to understand religion and Welsh identity from a historical, philosophical and theological
perspective in both the social and literary strata.

5.1 Religion in Literature
Modern man’s understanding of religion has changed over millennia with scientific
discoveries leading to technological innovation. More recent developments have
improved the standard of living by most measures and increased the material wealth of
the average person manifold since the time in which Thomas’s stories would have taken
place (Easterlin 2000). The folktales, mythologies and religions of old have in part been
supplanted by new idols and ideologies which shape our thinking, behaviour, and creative
output. New genres and styles in the arts are emerging, challenging old conceptions of
beauty, meaning, and truth which used to reign supreme. As organized religion and belief
in the supernatural are questioned in new ways, the established churches of world
religions face challenges that may threaten their existence.
Christian factions that preach and practice with global reach have managed
to maintain their social and cultural relevance even though rising numbers of people in
the western world identify as non-religious. According to the latest NatCen (2019) study
on British social attitudes, over half of Britons do not identify with any religion or hold
the belief that religion brings more conflict than peace; another stark contrast to draw
29

Markus Finell
between today and the Nonconformist worlds created by Thomas. Most are still positively
inclined towards members of faith communities. Even though the religious landscape is
changing, these institutions and their claims remain relevant. Reading the classical texts
of the British literary canon reveals a world where religion and mythology influenced
creative writing to an extent that would not be recognized in contemporary literature.
Modern sensibilities aside, Thomas experimented broadly with religious themes and
handled the subject matter in a myriad of ways (Kidder 1973). Identifying established
forms of representation gives the close reading a level of specificity that avoids
reductionism.
The relationship between literature and religion is inescapable even though
there are areas where movements within the academic community might fail to appreciate
what religion adds. Supernatural faith and eucharistic devotion are of course not
requirements for scholarly contributions or a legitimate understanding of the kinds of
texts that were so heavily influenced by the Christian tradition. To be acquainted with the
schools of thought that paved the way for great artistic advances is a requirement. Artists
and critics must remain vigilant and acknowledge the Christian presence if they want to
fully realize the inherent value of countless literary creations. This is not to disparage or
ignore criticisms or the lampooning of religion which can be seen in works long before
Thomas’s lifetime. Including literature that seeks to elevate itself through religion and
texts which clearly set out an attack against it, is crucial.
Wilder, in his lectures on theology and modern literature, shows a side of
literary criticism, speaking to the essence of texts, that might have received less attention
throughout twentieth-century trends: “We might suppose, for example, that the work of
Rabelais would only be topically related to Christianity. The fact is that we miss the point
about his mixed style unless we relate it to late mediaeval preaching and to the author’s
Franciscan youth.” (1958: 29). Again, it is a matter of advancing our understanding that
warrants a nosedive into texts of a historical and philosophical nature in, for instance, the
realm of theology and exegetics. More knowledge and information can only help to
increase the production of erudite criticism no matter the era or genre. Without
comprehension of Thomas’s social environment or work, the analysis would lack this
vital contextualization.
As far as the artist is concerned, the cross seems to be just as effective as
the pen when it comes to wielding the proverbial weapon of the auteur. Sometimes the
30

Markus Finell
pen is wielded to protect, or make apparent, the cross in its beauty and sublimity, and as
Jasper says: “[…] in literature and art we are always in the business of bringing religion
to life, making it more difficult, but also providing spaces for the revisiting of things of
deepest importance, at once fearful and sacred.” (2011: 15). Opinions are split on the
aesthetics of religious symbolism and references but there have been many traditions
which have sought to incorporate religious and biblical imagery into poetry, short stories,
and novels for various effect. Personal tastes and biases obviously play a role in the
individual’s perception of quality and cultural value in the case of controversial topics
like religion. This renders some literature limited in terms of reach and influence, their
audiences becoming constricted and exposed through defining criticisms of the work.
Thus, some authors and parts of their bibliography are isolated, with writers
lacking the appeal of Thomas being labelled according to current discourse around
politics and spirituality when venturing away from the mainstream. For example, the
ornate attributes of Catholicism and its offspring, high church Anglicanism, in their
liturgy and effervescent ritualism are strikingly reflected in Victorian literature, which
sometimes overflows with the appearance of Christian drama and pageantry. Fraser
(2008: 232) speaks of the “Victorian religio-aesthetic tradition” and in using the phrase,
connects it to what the Anglo-Catholic, modernist author T.S. Eliot, a contemporary and
observer of Dylan Thomas (Faber & Faber 1942), brought to the fore. The form and
appearance of something can provide both a profound and a shallow take on exterior
religious objects as they transcend dogma and enter new spheres of spiritual and artistic
re-enactment.
Critical voices have unsurprisingly been raised against the Victorians in
their use of a tired form of Christianity which was central to Britain at the time. Many
authors have relied on their childhood, much like Thomas, in showing as vividly as
possible, a realistic and simultaneously fantastical world of tradition. Among the
negatively inclined critics is Douglas (1977: 5-6), who shows admiration for how English
authors such as Charles Dickens and George Eliot chose to deal with Victorian ideals.
She scolds some of their obscure American contemporaries who solicited Victorian
Christianity for the value extracted from cheap emotional responses to nostalgia, rather
than saying anything interesting about the culture. Allowing flawed characters to properly
engage with their environment would show some of the hypocrisy and corruption present.
This would be a sign of maturity and honesty in dealing with these subjects, rather than
31

Markus Finell
exploiting them for commercial gain or seeking critical praise for half-hearted
proselytizing. Eliot, and especially Dickens, are also major names that enjoy a
comfortable position atop the hierarchy of historical literary achievement. Their influence
on popular culture and literary fiction allows them to be separated in the long term from
the adverse effects of representing certain social conditions. Thomas is a powerful
example of incorporating ideology for both commentary and atmosphere but has not
received enough attention for doing so in his short stories.
George Eliot, mentioned by Douglas (1977), was an innovator in
incorporating religious themes with realism, an intuition about what it means to be human,
and a powerful literary vision. A distinction can here be made between theology and
religion as wholly separate entities, defining religion according to the worldviews and
systematic approaches to living life well that change over time, and theology as part of
religion and relevant in its connection to secular ways of thinking. This is front and centre
in the spiritually and psychologically intricate stories of Eliot. Where the Methodist
tendencies of Welsh Nonconformism faced an attack by Dylan Thomas, the Wesleyan
Methodist tradition was humanized by Eliot, as is asserted by Gaston (2017: 321) in his
analysis of Adam Bede. Theology, reconciled with ideas separate from religious thought
in the larger narrative function, is one effective way of addressing religion in literature
and making a broader point about humanity and society.
When the secular or even profane is ignored, we enter the abode of
evangelism, the spread of God’s word, and divine truth. Appeals can be made to both the
heart and the head, and literature allows the skilful writer to reach both. When literary
gusto fails or shines with its absence, ingenious attempts at converting readers or
reaffirming them in their faith produce texts that help to navigate away from less
intelligent or respectful plays on biblical stories or teachings. There are many examples
of literary manifestos that serve the role of instruction and which are spread with the state
of readers’ souls in mind. Knowledge of the author’s background grouped with historical
and theoretical contextualization is, again, key in being able to distinguish propaganda
from satire, or seeing the subtleties and hints that inevitably lead to a more nuanced
reading than crude, but technical, surface-level analyses could derive.
Knight and Mason (2006: 120) mention how Eliot in an 1855 essay
abandoned some of the logic of the Evangelical movement that she had been a part of,
showing how some of the more respected artists from that time refrained from more
32

Markus Finell
pedestrian approaches to religious instruction. They also bring up two books, The
Moonstone and The Serpent at Home, warnings of the devil’s presence and the conscious
endeavour on the part of English evangelicals to influence the culture by literary means
(2006: 129). Religion can thus not only be a component of literature, but the main driver
behind it. Many popular writers have promoted ideas and ideologies through their work.
Tolstoy famously incorporated his Christian anarchism into some of his works and,
according to Wenzer (1997), weaved the socio-economic philosophy of Georgism into
his novel Resurrection. At the time, it was a nonconformist stance, for which he was
excommunicated by the Russian Orthodox Church; echoing the oppression of Thomas’s
short stories.
There have been many authors who, much like Dylan Thomas, chose to
depict faith to criticise organized religions, also tagging the established social order. In
explaining Mark Twain’s “Countertheology”, Berkove and Csicsila (2010: 2) touch on
the religiosity and closemindedness of small communities in middle America during the
nineteenth century, a direct parallel to rural Nonconformist Wales, and stands as a great
example of belief being used to ridicule religion or show its insufficiencies. They further
lay out how hypocrisy is touched upon by Twain, who channels the inconsistencies of
puritanical Protestantism in The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Twain shows the titular
character in a process of maturation whereby he accepts the holy standards of his
community in joining a religious group and engaging in a fervent performance of
recognized duties without further introspection (2010: 76). Intellectual liberation is just
one goal of writers who challenge the status quo and force the reader to consider their
preconceived notions.
Straying away from the path seems to be commonly admired in literary
circles, where bohemians and contrarians walk hand in hand against the stream. It is also
worth pondering whether Thomas and others are fully aligned antitheist authors doing
their job or lapsed Christian writers in touch with their fallen nature. Structurally and
topically, this useful inverse is echoed by Erickson who claims that: “If Christian thought
is often a hidden subconscious presence in modern secular thought, then heretical ideas
are the hidden subconsciousness of Christian thought.” (2017: 24). This speaks to deeper
psychological questions which often go unanswered in failing to address the socialisation
which drives much of religious thinking and cultural re-enactment, a prerequisite for
understanding Welsh Nonconformism.
33

Markus Finell
So it becomes apparent, that religion can be used to poignantly express
dissent and in the case of Thomas, we find a nonconforming Nonconformist who is
perfectly capable of wistfully reliving his past through the formulaic events of village and
chapel, all the while piling on the horror that has been seen and lived by so many others.
Nonconformist and marginal societies are not just subject to critique, but also curiosity
and even fetishization. Gardner (2014) analyses the writings of John Betjeman,
discovering an asymmetrical body of work with the author’s incorporated Anglican
theology and fascination for Nonconformist Protestantism. Religion can apart from its
emotive, beautifying, and educational uses be the subject of intense scrutiny as well as
acting metaphorically to subtly showcase the state of mankind and the inherent flaws of
our everlasting predicament, all of which are critical possibilities in Thomas’s short
stories.

5.2 Welshness in Literature
One of the main processes by which nations establish their own identity is othering (Sharp
2011). By recognizing the differences between your own group and others, in some cases
groups that are closer and share more similarities than differences, a distinguishing takes
place which is further grounded through reimagining and re-enacting the narrative and
traditions that have brought the group into the present. Kevin Williams gives a lucid
synopsis of attempts to refurbish Welshness since 1997:

Some have sought to promote historic Welsh values by wrapping
themselves in the past. Some have attempted to brand Wales with a new
identity such as the short-lived ‘Cool Cymru’, which celebrated the work of
certain cultural producers in the Welsh creative industries. Some
particularly have attempted to promote a ‘new progressive civic national
identity’.
(“The Dragon Finds a Tongue: Devolution and Government in Wales Since
1997”: 665)

These modalities have not only been applied recently but have also generated results in
various forms over the past few centuries, feeding into established literary theories and
conceptualizations of nationhood which have come to represent Wales on the public
stage.
34

Markus Finell
Without variety and discrimination, no separate category can exist, and
Welshness has an especially fractious relationship with the latter. The postcolonial
understanding of Wales in English-language literature realizes the position of Wales and
Welshness as both other than, and similar to, England and Englishness (Bohata 2004).
The similarities are a result of a stream of immigration from England to Wales with an
increase in monoglot English-speakers largely ignoring Welsh traditions. Martin and
Wiliam (2019: 491) explain how in 1955, Cardiff was officially recognized as the capital
of Wales and what came to be known as “British Wales”. British Wales is the very
concept that speaks to a major conflict in national identity which Bohata (2004: 156)
describes as consisting of a Wales belonging to the great English kingdom, versus the
essentialist Welshness which stands as a postcolonial retort to imperialist notions of
identity.
Pennar talks of a dichotomy at work where anticolonialism and
postcolonialism are both at play, postcolonialism being naturally tied to Anglophone
writing and anticolonialism falling in line with more nativist Welsh-language literature
(2015: 106). The anxieties of disaffection are universal among oppressed peoples across
the globe and Pennar finds the connection in the poetry of Iwan Llywd: “This dislocation
of Welsh culture not only seems to hold a mirror and draw parallels between Welsh
marginalisation and that of others, but also forges a sense of cultural solidarity that
undermines notions of intrinsic cultural difference.” (2015: 109). To think that the Welsh
do not partake in empire would be a mistake, as Schiavone (2015) points out with regard
to Welsh children’s literature, with the pirate Black Bart’s rampage on the seas, a colonial
tale to stir the imagination of children and parents alike, connecting them with a powerdriven nationalism in postcolonial text.
Imperialism and romanticism are undoubted aspects of the literature that
appeared when primarily the English wrote about Wales. Gramich (2019: 339) tells of
Anna Beale, an Englishwoman and proud Briton loyal to the empire who moved to Wales
for what was to be a long career as a novelist. She wrote sympathetic stories of the
villagers and townspeople, admiring the awe-inspiring countryside, with works such as
Traits and Stories of the Welsh Peasantry. Idealizing the rural areas and speaking to the
spirit of the people that live off the land is an easy way of meandering into frivolous
exoticism. Gramich (2019: 339) notes this in the case of the Welsh novelist Anna Maria
Bennet, who also wrote in English. For Beale, it seems to be more about having identified
35

Markus Finell
a decent and morally upright vision for the British people than patronizingly expressing
some form of interaction with noble savages.
Outsiders may look at an otherwise ignored or even maligned community,
eventually realizing that they have stumbled upon a group of simple people. They then
start to idealize them, leading to familial and benign tales which perpetuate stereotypes
that influence native expressions. Tomos writes of the Welsh short story: “There is a
particular homely atmosphere to these stories and a warm sense of belonging to a closeknit community. They often centred on a colourful personality, a cymeriad, or an
extraordinary event.” (1998: 205). Stories like these carry with them a sense of childlike
wonder and magic, as seen in “The Tree”. They still tend to be realistic, not resorting to
fantastical elements and differentiating them from Thomas’s short story. The quirks of
quaint townsfolk will make for light and enjoyable reading. Suh uses of Welshness see
something positive, albeit vaguely satirical in a past of scarcity.
The idea of an isolated and backward people has been reproduced by Welsh
authors in different genres, using Welshness in thought-provoking and upsetting ways.
Niall Griffith’s Sheepshagger (2001), is the tragic story of a Welsh boy whose life is
forever tarnished and set upon the wrong path when he is raped by an English hiker in the
countryside. Our unfortunate protagonist is a repulsive and incompetent mess, illiterate
and socially awkward. The boy, named Ianto, stands as the embodiment of Wales,
ravaged by the imperialist invader and left incapable of properly realizing himself as a
dignified human being, ultimately being driven to madness and violent crime. The sexual
assault and how it ties in with Welshness is but one of many aspects of the novel which
have been analysed by Bednarski (2012). These are the uncomfortable truths that
Welshness in literature might entail and which is so clearly at display in the barbarism of
the already mentioned My People by Caradoc Evans.
When touching on Evans’s handling of the Welsh populace in his stories,
Roberts says: “By lambasting the gwerin in this way, Evans provoked outrage from Welsh
Nonconformists who regarded him as a mouthpiece for English prejudice and racial
superiority and saw My People as a repetition by one of their own of the lies and
calumnies of 1847.” (2009: 48). 1847 refers to the Blue Books Report which was
commissioned as an educational report and declared the Welsh as unfit and of poor stock
(Williams 2012). This invariably ties back to the racialized image of Ianto as the
irredeemable beast that has no place in civilized society. Welsh literature does not just do
36

Markus Finell
the job of othering the other, it also others itself from the perspective of the imperial forces
that have oppressed and marginalized them, relegating the very idea of Welshness to
regressive nativism.
Tragedy is of course not all that there is to Welshness. The hope of bringing
back the past and regaining a national conscience is strong in the Welsh literary tradition.
One of the great English narratives belongs to the disputed and fought over figure King
Arthur, and a Welsh poem about the mystical character shows a symbolism inherent to
the seeking for home that is so prevalent in Welsh literature. Johnston expertly points this
out:

The prophecy was clearly written with an awareness of the national revival
of which this very poem was a significant manifestation, and in that sense
it is self-fulfilling. It is on this point that the Welsh poem differs more
substantially from its English model, since Tennyson’s Arthur prophesied
no national revival, Victorian England being in no need of one.
(A Guide to Welsh Literature: 13)

The sense of retrieving something that was lost to history, without knowing if it ever was
there in the first place, belongs to the Welsh spirit. Time and timelessness are aspects of
literary texts that catch the eye of astute critics. Cultures across the world are sure to
struggle with the existential dread that such metaphysical displacement might provoke.
Again, we can extract the Welshness from what is left after the othering
process. With King Arthur, Welshness in literature shows a positive. It is something to
strive after and that moves towards something rather than receding or fleeing into
obscurity. Spreading Welsh culture is another part of Welshness in literature as addressed
by Pennar (2015) who identifies three types of motion: travel over borders, settlement in
the margins, and migration. An identity and culture that can move from place to place and
still maintain core properties is self-affirming. It grounds the Welsh experience in
something that can be identified by outsiders and insiders who wish to enter into cultural
exchanges, eventually coming across the residue of past sojourners. Here, Welsh
Nonconformism sets itself apart from Nonconformity, harbouring an ideology that can be
relived in distant spaces and potentially return home.

37

Markus Finell
This sense of return has been revisited frequently in many different
narratives. Geraint Evans succinctly describes it: “For writers who explored the idea of
Welshness from a metropolitan base, the motif of a return journey is a constant theme,
particularly so in English, where the narratives of social and geographic mobility are most
numerous.” (2019: 455). This relates directly to Thomas, who had moved to London in
1934 to start his courting of the cultural elite (Davies 2014), as well as travelling to New
York (Brinnin 1955). As Evans (2019: 455) points out, Thomas himself wrote and
performed an autobiographical play for radio, called Return Journey, an exemplary case
of Welsh writing in English when it yearns for its roots.
Something which made Thomas’s relationship with home so complicated,
was his thorny relationship with the Welsh language. Roberts (2009: 91) notes that
Thomas used the auditive effects of Welsh without much regard for the semantic
properties. This shows a conflict between the English and Welsh language strands of
writing in Wales that would be difficult to reconcile. R. S. Thomas was, according to
Jones (2018: 43-44), masterful at representing that divide, and Jones himself wishes that
the gap could be bridged at some point in the future. What is so startling is how Welshness
in literature almost always shows itself to be derivative or sinks into a problematic
quagmire without having the necessary dialectic to solve the problems at hand. What we
can see, is how literature has shaped and given a voice to unapologetic Welshness.
Voices vary in strength but the Welsh one has inspired writers to make
obscure geographical references and use linguistic markers. In some cases, it is even
expected from Welsh writers in English to include as many idiosyncrasies as possible.
Jenkins (2017: 13-14) explains how Welsh authors may find themselves in a position
where they are incentivized to cater to the English establishment. In doing so, they
sacrifice some part of their artistic integrity due to a demand for more Welshness for its
own sake. Seeing names like Aeron or Bronwen, will immediately transport the reader to
the Welsh mountainside or Tolkien’s Middle-earth. The influence of Celtic languages and
mythology on denotation in certain genres has built up certain expectations. Evans (2019:
461-462) claims that the Welsh language was vital to a fuller expression of identity and
names the modernist author David Jones as an example. This need for signalling affirms
the problematic nature of identity as it crosses over into the creative process.
The revered literary critic, poet, and politician Saunders Lewis contested
the very idea of Welsh writing in English with his 1938 lecture Is There an Anglo-Welsh
38

Markus Finell
Literature?. He laid out the fuzzy border between Anglo-Welsh and strictly English
literature as well as addressing the pandering to a primarily English market (Chapman
2017, Collins 1989). Hallam (2019) notes that Lewis championed a brand of culturebound nationalism that celebrated the distinctly Welsh in his persistent efforts to revitalize
or invent a Welsh literary tradition. If Dylan Thomas ever wanted to be seen as distinctly
Welsh while writing in English, he would have been disappointed. Lewis, who held
Thomas in high regard as a poet, proclaimed that Thomas was on the side of the English
(see Lewis 1938 as cited in Hallam 2015: 235). Thomas himself was never interested in
setting up an Anglo-Welsh literature (Christie 2019: 468).
Davies’s (1995) detailed essay on allusions and references to Welsh
literature in R. S. Thomas’s work unearths the detailed use of Welsh in English-language
texts. This shows that a cultural monopoly was, at least in part, established, providing
new generations of poets, novelists, and storytellers with many tools. R. S. Thomas has
already been mentioned in this chapter as one of the more adept writers when it comes to
bridging the gap between the two linguistic groups. Foibles in the Welsh literary
community are perhaps what makes the genre so enticing in the first place. The plight of
the Anglo-Welsh writer navigating the landscape of identity (Lloyd 1992), ends up
establishing a relevant discipline. They constantly push forward and pull back, trying to
gain independence on basic principles of togetherness and inclusion.
A conversation about identity must also include class and as is the case with
so many other nationalistic movements around the globe, Wales’ relationship with
economic disadvantage and exploitation would come to manifest itself politically as well
as artistically. Buckland (2018) pinpoints the relevance of working-class novels in her
piece on mining communities before the Great War. She disproves the idea of Welsh
literature missing the worker’s plight as part of the tradition’s identity. Noticeable aspects
of the mining-communities’ importance to Welsh national identity are the misery of the
child workers (Thompson 2014), the Gresford disaster of 1934 where 265 men were killed
in an explosion (Williamson 1999), and the final blow to the industry with the year-long
miner’s strike of 1984-85 under Conservative rule (Curtis 2013). Gresford was not the
only mining disaster in recent history. The immense damage inflicted in 1966 in Aberfan,
resulting in the tragic death of 111 children (Curtis 2013: 69), further solidified the place
that coal mining inhabits in the national consciousness. Just as with Welsh
Nonconformism, class struggle is important, but not central.
39

Markus Finell
M. Wynn Thomas (2019) notices the many societal and political shifts in
industrialized Wales with a rise in a new national liberalism that wished to mobilize the
Nonconformist working classes against the Anglican church in Wales and parliament in
London. This critique misses some of the points that Dylan Thomas would have wanted
to emphasize, due to their political and materialistic nature. Deininger (2019) gives a great
example of Welsh class-consciousness at work with Kate Roberts and her short story
“The Quilt”, where the small things in life manage to lift spirits amidst hopeless poverty.
The struggles are not of a Marxist revolutionary sort nor do they hint at Anarchism with
its renunciation of gods and masters but is instead a contemplative and conservative
perspective on life. Roberts had a great impact on Welsh literature and the short story
medium. Gramich (2011: 51) shows how she explored Welshness as a straining
responsibility that the individual citizen must grapple with, fighting their own genealogy
without ever embodying a fully realized identity.
Left-wing politics and self-flagellation aside, the attack on reactionaries
would come from other directions and would be directed in full vigour against more
troglodytic aspects of Welsh Nonconformism. M. Wynn Thomas (2019) highlights the
synthesis between Welshness and the religious crisis in a Wales facing major societal
shifts with Daniel Owen’s Rhys Lewis, where the faithful are faced with the heresies of
modernism with all its metaphysical and epistemological implications. Modernist and
empirical infusions in literature can be seen in the poetry and other writings of Anne
Cluysenaar, who approached religion like an enlightenment-type sceptic (Bowen 2018).
This is a revolution whereby Welshness is enrolled in a multifront war, fighting poverty,
occupation, and authoritarianism. M. Wynn Thomas (2010: 142-143) also maps out how
escaping Nonconformism has inspired and influenced generations of Welsh writers in
English with Dylan Thomas drawing from Caradoc Evans, and Thomas in turn, being an
object of admiration. Writers such as Gwyn Thomas, a champion of the working class,
and the poet T. Harri Jones continued the interpreted collectivist spirit in their
predecessors.
There is still an imbalance to the concept of Welshness in literature with its
uncomfortable truths imposing on readers an enlightening but burdening array of ideas
which have imprinted themselves on the minds of an entire people. What the people have
in the end is the physical, and specifically, the land. The Welsh mountainsides and hills
covered with sheep is the kind of picture that many might have of Wales and will confirm
40

Markus Finell
upon arrival. These are notions of place as existing outside of time that are impervious to
historical revisionism. Davies (2012) shows the literary mapping of Wales and how a
topographical view of Welshness in literature creates a specific geographic dynamic.
Here, the movement is between values and meaning, not just rocks, trees, and rivers.
Place as representative of meaning and purpose does not only come from a
sense of national identity and the blood-and-soil nationalism that is so pervasive in
movements based on racial grounds. The drive to find a place representing the nation
without arbitrariness is often challenged, and it is not impossible to construct a space that
denotes ideas rather than immutable characteristics. One mythical symbol of place in
Welsh literature is Abercuawg, which is listed as:

Abercuawg, presumed to be an early name for the mouth of the river Dulas
which flows into the Dyfi some two miles east of Machynlleth, Mont. The
earliest reference to it occurs in ‘Claf Abercuawg’, a sequence of englynion
in ‘Canu Llywarch Hen’, where a lame man, complaining that he cannot go
to war, speaks of a cuckoo calling at Abercuawg. Edward Thomas (18781917) used a translation of the verses in his book, Beautiful Wales (1905),
in order to articulate his response to ‘the magic of Wales’, and R. S. Thomas
invoked the place in his lecture, Abercuawg (1977), which attempts an
imaginative realization of a quintessential Wales.
(The New Companion to the Literature of Wales, s.v. Abercuawg)

The place is a symbol, signifying a deeper meaning and inextricable set of values to be
explored through the expressive medium of poetry and any other form or style that does
justice to the meditative mysticism of the Welsh pastoral. Travelling across the country
is a journey undertaken in the heart and concentrating these dimensions is a form of
literary magic. Without such dynamism in Welsh writing, place would be relegated to the
temporal domain. Primitivistic and ecological spiritualism is thus replaced with serene
introspection.
The Welsh pastoral is riddled with the same issues as any other national
version of the form but is likely to suffer from material shortage. Trying to find some
diversity in the field is difficult but a striking example can be found in the work of John
Milton, with his poem Lycidas, an elegy to his late friend Edward King, who drowned off
the coast of Wales (Campbell 2007: 17-18). Alpers (1997: 97) highlights Milton’s
references to the druidical tradition and craggy vistas that make this part of the poem a
41

Markus Finell
specifically Welsh pastoral. This is distinct from the religious escapism of R. S. Thomas
presented by Gifford (1999: 40), which went from a gloomy depiction to a God-filled
haven that has set the tone for Welsh writing in English (1999: 76). Apart from Milton,
the Welsh pastoral has been read into Shakespeare’s Cymbeline with the Welsh setting
Milford Haven, but the connection has been downplayed and opinion is split (Boling
2000: 33). Gifford (1999: 82) diverts attention from R. S. Thomas and gives credence to
the work of Edward Thomas who recognized the changes in rural life depicted by Caradoc
Evans and Dylan Thomas.
A more recent take on Wales and place can be found in popular music.
Singer Fflur Dafydd released the Welsh language music album Byd Bach (2009) ‘Small
World’, which is filled with movement throughout a Wales in full splendour. The ninth
track Abercuawg is a relevant example among songs titled as place names that hearken
back to the englynion, which were shorter Welsh poems (The New Companion to the
Literature of Wales: 219-220). The chorus, translated into Welsh on a YouTube video
featuring the song reads: “Abercuawg, is it you / That extends your light along the
borders? / And are you telling me / That I have to cross that boundary within myself?”
(Dafydd 2011). All-encompassing nature and spirit merge and become crystallized in the
words of Dafydd, hearkening back to Greenway’s (2015) suggestion of pantheism in
Thomas’s work.
She might not be at the centre of Welsh literature, but Dafydd, who is an
award-winning novelist and nominated film director, signifies the importance of place in
Welsh writing. A recent entry on a growing list of writers, she brings Welshness into a
space of complex, thoughtful, and emotive output showcasing nature, language, and
spirituality. She has translated her own Welsh-language work into English and admitted
the ubiquitous language politics of Wales (Lewis 2019: 683). Authors like her are
bringing back the self-reliant mode of cognition espoused by the anti-intellectual Thomas
in his deriding ridicule of the powers that be, a Welshness of its own in a world of
restrictive discourse as Foucault (2015) sees it. The noble attempt at challenging identity
through the identity itself is difficult, but these Welsh writers do more than most to stretch
the boundaries.

42

Markus Finell
6. “The Tree”
Thomas’s representation of Welsh Nonconformism in “The Tree” is constructed mainly
by three points of inquiry. The most obvious religious element is the array of thematic
imagery that is strewn throughout the story and efficiently conveys the spiritual and
sometimes superstitious performance of ideology. Secondly, he creates an interesting
dynamic whereby the gardener in the story acts as God the Father, setting up the events
with his tales and guiding the other characters while maintaining a sense of free will. The
idiot beggar is made into Christ and is ultimately crucified by the boy who acts out the
Holy Ghost of an infantile Welsh Nonconformism. Thirdly, Thomas grounds the events
by retelling the story of the crucifixion in tandem with the gardener’s words. The first and
third points are obvious enough, but Thomas’s establishing of a new trinity and crafting
of its role in tying together the text have been overlooked as distinct Welsh
Nonconformist creations.
Mayer (1995) focuses on the gardener as representative of authorship and
boy as readership, the boy misinterpreting the simplified and localised Christian stories,
leading to a mock crucifixion. This suggests that mythology itself is dangerous.
Irresponsibly spreading literal interpretations of scripture and mapping fantasy onto
objective reality will lead to ignorant, uneducated, and naïve individuals like the boy
acting out violently. Mayer (1995: 16) insists on such equivocation as revealing the
dangers of a re-enacted and self-serving Welsh Nonconformism. Her epistemological
certainty, seeing religious stories as mainly metaphor, unfortunately disregards any
potential supernatural take. Allowing for possible transcendental truths as relevant to the
analysis is important, while maintaining the focus on ideology.
Early on, the boy points out the tree in the garden to the old man who calls
it an “elder”. This excites the boy who screams of the first tree that shot up in the
beginning (2014: 8). Pratt works Welsh mythology into her analysis instead of
Nonconformity and identifies the elder as signifying “the tree of doom” (1970: 99). She
admits that Thomas, who was more inculcated in Anglophone literature, might not have
known of the implications and it is probably so, even though it fits perfectly into the pagan
aspects of Welsh Nonconformism. Detailed characterization is central to the gardener,
showcasing his power and wisdom; a symbol for the mystic traditions in Celtic history.
Mortuza (2013: 65) provides similar context with his study of shamanism by uncovering
the gogynfeirdd of twelfth century Wales who immersed themselves in a mesh of
43

Markus Finell
Christianity and local tradition that supported the domestic political influencers by
reciting poetry and acting as resident historians. Thomas bestows this role upon the
gardener who speaks into reality the invigoration of rural Wales in accordance with
Christian themes.
The barbaric act of nailing the beggar to the tree is interpreted by M. Wynn
Thomas as the boy acting out the wild and animalistic revenge of a believer that has been
stripped of their faith. The boy persists and reasserts the story of the crucifixion with
ultimate fervour, as can be seen in Calvinistic readings of the story (2010: 232-233).
Thomas claims that the discovery of the empty room in the tower, symbolizing the
replacement of chapel and priest with story and writer, thereby changing the function of
religion and stripping away the divine, is the motivation. Pratt (1970: 98-100) only goes
so far as to say that the boy simply re-enacts the story that he had been told earlier. She
goes on to point out that Thomas in an earlier version incorporated the boy’s dead mother,
making grief and emotional pain part of the killing. In the end, he settled for three
characters, but Pratt fails to explicitly tie it to either the trinity or Welsh Nonconformism.
Exemplifying the irrational and aggressive nature of Nonconformism in a
letter to a friend, George Whitefield wrote that he, in one of his sermons, was reported to
have driven fifteen people mad (1976: 19), a true testament to the preacher’s power and
influence over believers. M. Wynn Thomas (2010) is perfectly right in his description of
Welsh Nonconformism in its faults, which are central in this analysis, but he misses the
point with his reductionistic and secular take on the crucifixion. Moynihan’s flawed
interpretation shows Thomas attacking religion in general, but he does apprehend what
inevitably follows: “Revolt is perhaps not the perfect term, for something like Camus’s
idea of a ‘nostalgia for order’ eventually builds a new religion out of the ashes of the old.
In the very instant of rebellion against the establishment, the seeds of a new establishment
are planted.” (1968: 164). Understanding the connection between the beggar receiving
sinister offerings from the villagers early on and the ritualistic killing of him by the boy
on behalf of the same people is key to the dynamic at play.

6.1 Genesis of Ideology
Fittingly, the first instance of allusive imagery in “The Tree” refers to the opening verse
of the Bible as the gardener tells the boy: “‘In the beginning,’ he would say, ‘there was a
44

Markus Finell
tree.’” (2014: 5). Of the many religious phrases in this story, “In the beginning” has also
been utilized by Thomas in a poem by the same name (2000: 22-23). The line in scripture
reads: “In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.” (Genesis: 1:1). It could
be the case that the old gardener is telling a story like any other folktale, but the context
is different since Thomas (2014: 5) explains how the old man “loved the Bible” and would
read “of the first love and the legends of apples and serpents”. Apples and serpents refer
to the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Eve was deceived by the serpent and ate of the
forbidden fruit, then shared it with Adam, leading to them both being cast out of the
Garden. The first love can be found in the New Testament (henceforth NT) with the
testimony of Jesus Christ who said to the Ephesians: “Nevertheless I have somewhat
against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.” (Revelation 2:4). This can be traced
back to the following passage: “We love him, because he first loved us.” (John 4:19).
Christ’s love is the first love and the description of these stories in the text
shows a pleasant side of scripture. To the gardener, the Bible presents a collection of
legendary stories and not God’s word, a personal love affair with sublime writing rather
than instructions for how to live a good life and understand the world as a Christian.
Thomas continues: “But the death of Christ on a tree he loved the most.” (2014: 5).
Thomas shows the gardener’s love for trees, they who show him the changing seasons
and act as a grounding force in his life. They fence off his surroundings and provide him
with his own Abercuawg where he can contemplate the life and death of Jesus. The tree
is a recurring shape in the Biblical stories, and the gardener’s affection is motivated on
several planes, ranging from the physical to the divine.
Many would react to the use of ‘tree’ instead of ‘cross’, but the title of
Thomas’s story does not directly dictate the terms used in the text without reason. As it
reads in the NT: “Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we,
being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness: by whose stripes ye were healed.” (1
Peter 2:24). Donelson points out that the Greek word xylon which means ‘wood’ or ‘tree’
is sometimes used in the NT instead of stauros which means ‘stake’ or ‘cross’ (2010: 80).
Jesus was crucified on a cross and not hung from a tree, but the cross was made from
wood and used as an instrument for executing criminals. The use of ‘tree’ that can be
found in Peter’s letters is thematically poignant and prevalent in the gardener’s semantic
perception of the crucifixion as more than a specific object or eternal symbol.

45

Markus Finell
As Rutledge notes, the second sentence in the passage from 1 Peter above,
points to the substitution of Christ’s life for our sins (2015: 404). The strong
Nonconformist ideals of man’s relationship with our fallen nature, and redemption
through Jesus remain connected to this pragmatic choice. A Nonconformist
understanding of the crucifixion can be found in the sermons of George Whitefield who
said: “It was his dying that brought you life; it was his crucifixion that paid the satisfaction
for your sins; his death, burial, and resurrection that completed the work […]” (2009:
160). Liberation is delivered through this Protestant transaction and is countered by the
Catholic Church which glorifies the sacrifice but highlights Christ’s suffering during the
Passion. According to The Catechism of the Council of Trent, Christ’s descent into hell
was God’s way of laying bare his supreme power (1829: 61). The suffering is not
currently present in Thomas’s story. Stressing the crucifixion and dressing up the fall as
a mere legend sees a clash between the Catholic specificity of doctrinal supremacy and
the scriptural laxity of Nonconformity, instead focusing on what it means for mankind’s
moral dignity.
What stands out more than anything is the naturalistic imagining of God in
nature, which could be read as a plea by Thomas, whose religiosity as discussed above
focused less on scripture and more on connecting your mind and soul to the fullness of
human experience. Telling your own story by filtering the world around you and distilling
it in writing is the deeply religious experience of the author. Paying lip service to personal
authorship, Thomas continues to hammer home the mindset of the old gardener: “[…] his
God grew up like a tree from the apple-shaped earth, giving bud to His children and letting
His children be blown from their places by the breezes of winter; winter and death moved
in one wind.” (2014: 5-6). God emerges root to stem and creates the world in an
automated process, but the metaphysical implications of this biological divinity are solely
situated in the foundations of the earth.
It is a remythologizing of Christian truth in the creation of the world through
Welsh Nonconformism, the fate of man blowing away with the cold winds, and a
crucifixion on the tree: God himself. As the gardener reads the accounts of Christ on the
cross: “He would think that love fails on such nights, and that many of its children are cut
down.” (2014: 6). While commemorating the horrors of the Passion he realizes the
vulnerability of creation and even though the divine essence is present, especially in Jesus,
the children of God still pass away. The trees contain meaning hearkening back to the
46

Markus Finell
geography established by Davies (2012), Thomas infusing the land with a godly essence
and mapping a new Calvary apart from the rest of this new Welsh nation of Israel. This
practice is confirmed by Donahaye (2012) who mentions both the Hebrew influences and
Israelite-Palestinian topography in Protestant Wales which makes inroads with the work
of Davies (2012). An exotic ethno-religious layer is added to the Nonconformist
cartography of the story.
The old man calls the boy over to tell yet another tale, this time of Christ’s
nativity, setting the stage in Bethlehem. The boy asks where Bethlehem is, and the
gardener informs him that it lies in the east. Thomas narrates: “To the east stood the Jarvis
hills, hiding the sun, their trees drawing up the moon out of the grass.” (2014: 6).
Bethlehem is transformed from a mythical middle eastern city into a landmark of rural
Wales. The Nonconformist imagination and appropriation of Christian truth are manifest
in the soil of their land. M. Wynn Thomas comments on the soil and the peasantry by
providing an example from the works of Caradoc Evans, where man gives up his flesh
and blood, and working off the land itself becomes a sacrificial rite (2010: 160).
Offering the sweat of your brow is partly analogous to the eucharist, where
bread and wine are turned into Christ’s flesh and blood, an image that Thomas has played
with in his poems (Christie 2014: 93). It is merged with the punishment of demoralizing
toil put upon Adam, which Thomas has also alluded to in his poetry (Greenway 2015: 79)
and shows the importance of land connecting with religion. It is especially so, considering
the comparison by Mark Williams (2019: 64) of accident and substance in the
transubstantiation of Christianity with the Welsh terms rhith and anian, aspects of magic
seen in the Four Branches of the Mabinogi, a category of medieval supernatural prose.
The gardener tells the boy of Jerusalem and these awe-inspiring words
continue to move the boy towards the holy land. Thomas justifies his use of Jerusalem
with its Jewish connotations and focuses on the chosen people not as the later rabbinic
tradition, but as its old covenant continuation in the mystical body of Christ which still
belongs, as many religions do, to the fastidious mapping out of the landscape. Donahaye
(2012) speaks at length of the Welsh Nonconformist call to conversion and its relationship
with historical Judaism, its imagery, its vocabulary, and its subjugated position.
This is a prime opportunity to establish a religious connection and bring
over to God those who reject Christ. Thomas continues the mythical discourse by making
47

Markus Finell
a startling move to Islamic imagery. When the boy is back in bed looking around his
room, he takes notice of a toy: “He watched the rocking-horse and wished that it would
grow wings so that he could mount it and ride into the Arabian sky.” (2014: 6).
Conversion is not just related to Judaism, but also Islam, and the flying horse is Buraq,
on which Muhammad flew from Mecca to Jerusalem (Leaman 2006: 72).
The Muslim paradigm falters when the child re-enters the material world:
“But the winds of Wales blew at the curtains, […] His toys were dead. He started to cry
and then stopped, knowing no reason for tears.” (2014: 6). Islam is extinguished by Welsh
Nonconformism and the right path is laid out for the child thanks to this spiritual crusade.
The narrative of conversion to Nonconformist Christianity from Islam has been relayed
before, for instance by Greenwood and Harris (2011) who look at the life of a Muslim
servant from India who in Great Britain became a Unitarian due to its individualistic and
liberal tendencies. The Welsh winds serve as a nationalized Christianity swooping in and
settling the religious debate, and even though the boy’s reaction is emotional, he realizes
that everything is all right; a success story for rural evangelism.
Emotion and revelation are characteristic of Nonconformity and White’s
(2015) reading of the early Nonconformist leaders Howell Harris, Daniel Rowland, and
William Williams of Pantycelyn paints the picture of passionate men who swayed the
people with their larger-than-life personalities and inspiring sermons. Harris himself
wrote in a letter:

O my dear Brother; in a teacher, that is not receiving from the Spirit of God,
nothing is more dangerous than letter-learning, and head, or bookknowledge. It would be well, if we knew, and preached, no more than we
felt, and were willing, to be fools, till Christ makes us wise; then we should
be wise indeed.
(A Brief Account of the Life of Howell Harris: 120-121)

Williams praised the resolve of Harris who in his youth rejected a university education at
Oxford because of the licentiousness he witnessed there (1872: 4). It is of course not
expected that a young child will be able to succinctly rationalise a product of their
imagination, but in Thomas’s story, the child functions as a vessel for the anti-intellectual
Nonconformist spirit which will be seen later in full force as Thomas turns from
48

Markus Finell
innocence to insidiousness. The irrationalism and superstition echo the racism of the Blue
Books Report chartered by Williams (2012) and implicitly expressed by Caradoc Evans’s
short stories; a fitting tribute and powerful take on what Welsh Nonconformism has done
to the people as a part of their genome.
The boy closes his eyes but still sees the tree burning on the inside of his
eyelids. The emotion that he felt seeing the inanimate object in his room be possessed
suddenly comes back: “The tears ran back under his lids as he thought of the first tree that
was planted so near him, like a friend in the garden.” (2014: 6). He goes outside to the
tree and performs a pagan ritual, the tree shining just as brightly as when he had closed
his eyes. In the starlight, he shows his never-ending devotion to God: “The child had not
doubted the tree. He said his prayers to it, with knees bent on the blackened twigs the
night wind fetched to the ground. Then, trembling with love and cold, he ran back over
the lawns towards the house.” (2014: 7). He is filled with the first love, the love of Christ
justified by faith alone. A rebirth has occurred with good graces under the auspices of
Welsh Nonconformism.
The faith of his fathers is at play here and can be tied back to the chosen
people of Jerusalem, as only God’s mercy allows us to be His chosen people. Wesley, in
a letter to his brother, writes: “I hope you are with Billy Evans. If there is an Israelite
indeed, I think he is one. O insist everywhere on full redemption, receivable by faith
alone; consequently, to be looked for now.” (1980: 82). The Christian ritual is paganized
through the boy’s prayers, reaffirming the religion of the land rather than the faith directed
up towards the kingdom of heaven. The personal perception of God in the physical is a
bastardized and idolatrous Welsh Nonconformism that completely misses the mark in
setting up its own treebound nation. It shows the efficiency of Thomas as a writer of short
stories in portraying the faith traditions of his countrymen, unmasking the rotten core.

6.2 A New Trinity and Conception
This is where our third and final character comes into play with the idiot beggar. One
initial clue points to the idiot as being Christ himself. First, he is asked where he comes
from and he answers that he has arrived from the east. We have already established that
the east in the geography of this story is Bethlehem, the birthplace of Christ, but we are
also told that the answer confirms to the villagers that the man is an idiot. Much like
49

Markus Finell
Christ, he is an outsider not to be believed by the close-minded, who still do the good
thing and feed him, in the land where he does not belong and from which he did not come.
He is wandering around begging for bread and is even given a suit to wear in the winter
cold. Thomas writes: “But his eyes were so wide and his neck so clear of the country dirt
that no one refused him what he asked. And asking for water, he was given milk.” (2014:
6).
The image is reminiscent of a scene in the aforementioned Sheepshagger
(2001), where Ianto, also cognitively deficient, wanders the hills and comes upon his dead
grandmother’s old cottage. Ianto reacts angrily when he is greeted by Englishmen
spending their vacation on the estate; our beggar will be greeted by his own kind, not
understanding that he will be cannibalized even though he is given milk. Bednarski
highlights how Ianto does not agree with established conventions of private property and
shares an irrational Welsh connection with the land and childhood home which runs deep
in his sense of identity and personal history (2012: 112). The beggar does not share that
history but gains the identity, not through mere Welshness, but Welsh Nonconformism.
To the people in the countryside, the dirt of the land which should have covered him
would have been off-putting, suggesting a cultural contradiction. There is something
divine about this pure figure who has appeared at their doorsteps.
In much of the Old Testament (henceforth OT) God promises the land of
milk and honey to Moses suggesting that the beggar is free and has finally reached the
promised land, but there is an even stronger correlation in the OT: “He asked water, and
she gave him milk; she brought forth butter in a lordly dish.” (Judges 5:25). Niditch reads
between the lines of this passage and explains: “The language is of eroticism and death
and describes motherly or loverlike nurturing that masks murderous intentions.” (2011:
81). The offering functions smoothly in Thomas’s sexually loaded style, he manages to
bring over the reference and masks the upcoming murder with allusive imagery. In the
Book of Judges, the woman Jael drives a stake through the head of a general asking for
water, having lured him in with treats. M. Wynn Thomas (2010) remarks on how Gwyn
Jones and Gwyn Thomas have used the motifs of this story in their work. In Thomas’s
story, the beggar is facing much the same fate as the general did; only instead, the deed
will be done beneath the Jarvis hills.
Thomas switches vistas from the beggar wandering about to the boy
observing the gardener as he tries to construct a rake. The boy pinpoints the details in the
50

Markus Finell
man’s appearance: filth, a fat belly, and tobacco-stained fingers to boot. He is reassured
though as he notices the white beard: “The beard was of an apostle.” (2014: 8). The child,
like his pious countrymen, is constantly exposed to the harshness of life and desperately
seeks out any authority or hope for equilibrium that he can find, even if it is in the
unreliable actions and illegitimate credentials of Nonconformist preachers. The gardener
might not have an unabridged knowledge of holy scripture, as a man of God should have,
but he loves the stories and looks the part. All the boy desires, is to recognize a paternal
figure in his community, thereby receiving the empowering effects of ideology.
There is no biological father present, and earlier in the story the gardener
calls the boy by his mother’s name. The title should be read as more than a tree, also
signifying the trinity. Conversely enough, the beggar is son, gardener father, and boy
spirit. This makes more sense later in the story for the boy’s part and we need to keep in
mind that the gardener creates the narrative by contextualizing and foreshadowing every
interaction and event with his words, much like God spoke the world into being. Words
are important and the word is greatest of them all in this context as Hillar writes:
“Prolation of the Logos took place for the creation of the world as a necessary mediator
to perform the work that God could not perform. Moreover, this Logos was the light
generated in Genesis and interpreted in a metaphysical and ontological sense.” (2012:
221). The gardener claims that Bethlehem is in the east and there, the story of the
Godchild unravels, ergo the beggar’s transformation.
These three characters are part of the one unified deity and make up the
Godhead in its entirety, everyone and everything revolving around the tree. The
Unitarians, as established above, disavow the idea of three persons in one deity, a doctrine
which is still at the very heart of God as an idea in the sermons of Whitefield (2009).
Williams articulated and provided evidence for some of the views on the Trinity in his
time and saw a Modal Trinity of characters or relations, and the following take by a
Reverend Peter Williams who: “[…] regarded the Trinity of Persons in the Godhead, not
as the necessary mode of the divine existence, but as the result of the Divine will, as much
so as the incarnation of the second Person,— that He is the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost
not in his own nature, but because He has willed to be so, that man might be saved.”
(1872: 146). Thomas upsets the balance by scrambling the roles of our three characters,
assigning certain attributes which serve both narrative and theme.

51

Markus Finell
The disputes on the Trinity were never decisively cleared up in
Nonconformist circles and in this story, the traditional Catholic doctrine of the fourth
Lateran council dominates with its razor-sharp logic in the translation by H. J. Schroeder:
“[…] it is the Father who begets, the Son who is begotten, and the Holy Ghost proceeds,
in order that there may be distinctions in the Persons who unity in the nature.” (1937:
240). It does not seem like a conscious choice by Thomas, but it makes perfect sense in
the roles that he assigns to the characters, allowing a synthesis of Protestant individualism,
rigid Catholic dogma, and Orthodox mystery with the defects and hypocrisy of Welsh
Nonconformism.
Furthermore, there is a lack of nuance in some Protestant Biblical readings.
The Bible is ultimately a collection of historical documents that can be arbitrarily divided
by age or authorship. Calvin shows his distinction between OT and NT: “Another
distinction between the Old and New Testaments is in the types, the former exhibiting
only the image of truth, while the reality was absent, the shadow instead of the substance,
the latter exhibiting both the full truth and the entire body.” (1846: 390). What certain
Welsh Nonconformists who hail from the Calvinistic and other traditions fail to do as the
gardener in Thomas’s text, is to heed Calvin’s advice and properly situate the stories. This
would convey them in ways that aid the community instead of potentially misleading
them, having both actuality and transcendence as part of the equation in the spiritual
instruction of the laity.
This is where the lack of intellectual rigour and tendency to let the faith
coagulate and turn into a mere outgrowth of the predominant culture become so
dangerous. For comparison, the Catholic Church has developed a system which is
discursively characterized in an encyclical by Pope Paul VI (1965):

To search out the intention of the sacred writers, attention should be given,
among other things, to “literary forms”. For truth is set forth and expressed
differently in texts which are variously historical, prophetic, poetic, or of
other forms of discourse. The interpreter must investigate what meaning the
sacred writer intended to express and actually expressed in particular
circumstances by using contemporary literary forms in accordance with the
situation of his own time and culture.
(Dei Verbum)

52

Markus Finell
It is not to say that Thomas ever expected readers to investigate the complete annals of
Christian thought. His handling of religious narratives and symbols in the realm of Welsh
naturalism and pagan eccentricity, still require more involved extrapolations. Otherwise,
we cannot uncover the latent mysteries that made Thomas, in a sense, a religious poet.
Thomas has an authoritative feel for the many human conceptions of the
divine and comically allows himself to play with an antiquated image, depicting God as
a bearded old patriarch in the sky reclining on a cloud and listening to the tones of angelic
harps. The gardener does not just have a pristine white beard but as he makes the rake, he
ties iron strings to the end, much like the strings of a harp, his labour acting as music in
the paradise of Welsh cosmology. This caricature of God is frivolous, but the harp-playing
angels can be found in the NT (Revelation 5:8). When the boy tells him of his recent
prayer service in the garden the old man reaffirms the boy: “‘Always pray to a tree,’ said
the gardener, thinking of Calvary and Eden.” (2014: 8). Calvary, where Jesus was
crucified, is now part of the divine mentalization in the gardener’s head, willing what is
to come and moving from apples and serpents to wood, rock, and blood. Eden will be
reserved for Welsh Nonconformism as its paradise while also representing its fall.
The gardener continues their familial exchange by exclaiming: “‘God grows
in strange trees,’ […] ‘His trees come to rest in strange places.’” (2014: 9). The melodic
tone of these lines with the emphasis on strange reminds of the saying “God moves in
mysterious ways”, which, according to Wilkinson (2015: 75) might have seen its origin
in the English poet William Cowper’s hymn God Moves in a Mysterious Way. Cowper,
who was mentally unstable and suffered from suicidal thoughts, was institutionalised
when his obsession for sin from reading the Bible took its toll on him (Quinlan 1970: 3334). After his conversion in an asylum, he would align with the Calvinistic Methodism
that spread over Wales and America and inspired many in the established church (Quinlan
1970: 50-51). His conversion was shaped in part by his friendship with the evangelical
Reverend John Newton (Free 1970: 53-54, Nicholson 1960: 13).
Thomas continues by switching back to the idiot beggar as he looks at the
valley beneath the Jarvis hills. He describes the valley as immaculate and the idiot
proceeds to reproduce Welsh Nonconformism, tying it to the land and its parallel
etymology: “Bethlehem, said the idiot to the valley, turning over the sounds of the word
and giving it all the glory of the Welsh morning.” (2014: 9). With this passage, Thomas
turns on its head the trope of using Welsh for the sake of it by simply mentioning the use
53

Markus Finell
of Welsh and avoiding the fetishization of the language for expediency as discussed by
Jenkins (2017). It not only shows his ability to be subtle but also hints at a willingness
not to allow that subtlety to be the only legitimizing factor in his prose. Where he
sometimes wrestles with identity and linguistic prowess, he willingly gives in to the
English-language tradition in his commentary on what is undeniably Welsh.
The valley is now embroidered in Welshness by the literal and figurative
tongue of the people and acts as the birthplace of a new Welsh Christ, both as motherland
and Mother Mary as seen in the use of “immaculate valley” (2014: 9). The conception
itself is at the heart here, the beggar being reborn as Christ upon arrival, contrasted with
the boy as a born-again Christian after praying to the tree. Baptist preacher Matthew
Caffyn is clear on the issue and describes Mary’s birthing: “We confess and believe that
the Son of God, or the eternal word, is very and true God, having his personal subsistence
of the father alone, […] being conceived in the fulness of time by the holy ghost, and born
of the virgin Mary, and became very true and man.” (Protestant Nonconformist Texts
Volume 2, s.v. Document II.6). The trinity as laid out in the characters of the story are
again affirmed by the gardener’s word, the boy’s involvement, and the beggar becoming
Christ. It occurs like the liturgical offering in mass, by the grace bestowed upon the
archetypical Welsh valley; a Nonconformist blessed virgin.
Thomas shows how Welsh Nonconformism is a stale and ever-present
ideology which refuses to adapt. The immaculate valley keeps its essence after the birth
of Christ the Beggar as Wesley writes: “[…] and born of the Blessed Virgin Mary, who,
as well after as she brought him forth, continued a pure and unspotted virgin.” (1980:
495). Welsh Nonconformism holds a deep pride in its traditions and supposedly liberating
machinations and never fails to reflect the purity that the beggar continues to possess.
Pratt insists on the mythological by describing Thomas’s passage with the idiot
fraternising with nature like a Celtic bard (1970: 100). It is elucidating to point out the
mystical and pagan relationship between the characters and nature as Thomas showcases
a man tending to his plants, a boy playing in the fields and praying to a tree, and the idiot
becoming one with nature. These markers and images are still only vague allusions to a
dead Welsh mythology that does not play any greater role in the story. It is the underlying
Christianity in its nationalistic, orthographic, and agrestic nature that remains dominant.
Another example of Jesus-imagery emerges, when the beggar puts blades
of grass that he has ripped from the earth into his mouth (2014: 9). Thomas paints a vivid
54

Markus Finell
picture, writing how light fills the beggar’s mouth and calls out to his ears, casting a divine
light onto the scene. As Jesus says in the NT: “[…] I am the light of the world: he that
followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.” (John 8:12). The
Welsh soil rewards the beggar with a godly essence, thereby completing the
transformation and producing a Welsh Nonconformist Jesus who has received the
workers’ toil. William Howells, a Welsh preacher of the Church of England active in the
early nineteenth century, shows how the eccentricities of the Welsh spirit lends itself to
Nonconformist thought. Roberts (2013: 298) pinpoints Howells’s perception of God as
present everywhere. This view of God in all things is felt with the divinity directly
entering the beggar from nature.
Interestingly enough, Whitefield emphasises the handing over of Jesus’s
light to the weak in his sermons when he says of chapter ten, verse fifty-two in Mark:
“With the word there went a power; and he that spoke light out of darkness, saying, “‘Let
there be light,’ and there was light,”, commanded light into this poor beggar’s eyes, and
behold, there was light.” (2009: 121). The God-man who by historical accounts made the
blind man see is here giving sight by true illumination to the beggar in Thomas’s story.
God acts, not as an external force, but as an inner power gained from the Welsh
Nonconformism that puts great weight behind the personal, emotional, and organic
relationship between the believer and his maker.

6.3 Crucifixion
Leading up to the climax, a truth is revealed to the boy who does not take it well. On
Christmas Eve, the gardener and the boy enter the top of the tower, a promise made to the
child by the old man. Here, the boy discovers that it is void of the fantastical which has
been inculcated in him by the Father. This renunciation of mysticism shows the emptiness
of Welsh Nonconformism, which reads new meaning into religious truths. The
socialisation process is upset when the literal truth, rather than the metaphorical,
eventually comes to light. Peach (1988: 34) claims that a pattern in the early stories
suggests that this moment symbolizes the misleading of youth by their elders. His critique
is correct in its assertion about the contradictory conceptions of the tower, and the tree,
supported by Moynihan (1968: 166). It still lacks theological and cultural specificity, with
an obsession over the evil and violence of religion. The boy is Welsh Nonconformism
55

Markus Finell
itself, the anointed child of God, but does not understand the symbols’ nuance as it is
taught by influencers in the community.
When the boy asks where the secrets are, the response is stoic: “‘It is enough
that I have given you the key,’ said the gardener, who believed the key of the universe to
be hidden in his pocket along with the feathers of birds and the seeds of flowers.” (2014:
10). The key, as other objects and sentiments in the story, is constantly connected to
nature and refers to one of two verses. Instinctually, upon hearing of keys in Biblical
terms, the mind is moved to Jesus settling his church and allocating the keys to the
kingdom of heaven (Matthew 16:18-19). These verses are often referred to in the Catholic
Catechism (1829) and general magisterial teachings as the establishment of Holy Mother
Church through the mystical body of Christ and the original de facto pontiff Simon Peter.
A more fitting explanation can be found in the OT and reads: “And the key
of the house of David will I lay upon his shoulder; so he shall open, and none shall shut;
and he shall shut, and none shall open.” (Isaiah 22:22). Goldingay gives some context by
laying out the structure of Isaiah and asserting that chapter twenty-two deals with the
nation of Jerusalem (2014: 37). Another connection to the referential Jewish imagery that
has appeared earlier in the text can also be found at the end where Thomas writes of a
“Jewish voice” emanating from the tree (2014: 11). Placing Jewishness within the proper
historical context as has been done in this analysis could garner a thesis on its own as the
use of Jewish imagery could refer to other things. The link between Protestantism and its
OT Jewish heritage in the western mindset is also relevant to political discourse.
The final ten verses of Isaiah come together in a grand narrative which,
according to Eusebius of Caesarea, signifies the passion of Christ, further prophesising
that the subject Eliakim, who receives the key, indicates: “[…] the resurrection of God to
a new and fresh priesthood, which the resurrection of our Savior established in his church
throughout the whole world.” (2013: 113). This ancient interpretation serves the grander
narrative of Thomas’s writing and reveals the frequently highlighted connection between
the first two characters that we encounter in the text and the outcome for the idiot beggar.
The new Welsh priesthood will be embodied in the actions that flow from the holy spirit
which is localized in the boy and is actualized through his behaviour.
After hearing that the key is enough, the boy starts to cry and rummages
around the room, searching for a secret passage that might take him to the promised land
56

Markus Finell
of his dreams, but he cannot find one. The pair finally leaves the room, locking the door
behind them, and the child manages to find some solace while laying in his bed. Finding
nothing behind the curtain might be a less subtle critique from Thomas, showing the folly
and untruth in Nonconformist teaching, renouncing the blustering rhetoric of his
childhood’s prelates. As the child sleeps, Thomas creates a calm before the storm and
writes: “And Bethlehem had been nearer than expected.” (2014: 10). This is true in the
sense that the beggar has only wandered in from the east, but also because the eve of
Christmas is the eve of the Nativity when the beggar’s rebirth and the violent tendencies
of Welsh Nonconformism will crash together.
The ending is quick but highly effective in its execution. As the beggar nears
the tree on Christmas morning, he is wet and dirty from his long walk in the hills. He rests
for a while, but his hands are closed in prayer and the fear grows in his heart as he looks
around. Thomas writes: “[…] the shrubs were his enemies, and the trees that made an
avenue down to the gate lifted their arms in horror.” (2014: 10). The menacing vegetative
figures observing him are a direct representation of Jesus’s march through Calvary,
another foreshadowed moment weaved into the procession of events. A powerful moment
occurs when: “[…] he heard a voice in him cry out: ‘Why did you bring me here?’” (2014:
11). The idiot turned prophet communicates with God just as Jesus in the intimate moment
on the cross when he asks why his father has forsaken him (Matthew 27:46). A sacrifice
will be made in due time, but the Welsh Nonconformist Jesus wandering in over the Jarvis
Hills does not have the lucidity and wisdom of Christ the Redeemer as he is limited by
his ineptitude and ignorance.
The boy finds the beggar under the tree and asks him where he comes from:
the beggar tells him the truth. After learning of the idiot’s eastward origins, the child
realises what must be done and makes the beggar stretch out his arms along the branches
of the tree. In the striking final lines, the child ties the beggar’s wrists to the tree with the
iron string from the gardener’s rake, cutting the beggar’s flesh and drawing blood which
spills onto the bark. Moynihan (1968: 164) apprehends the connection between boy and
gardener through the dirty string that the old man failed to attach. This shows how God
has failed, not as the eternal realized actuality of classical theism, but the omnipotent and
anthropomorphized deity of Welsh Nonconformism, possessing maximized human
faculties. Thomas ends dramatically with: “‘Brother,’ he said. He saw that the child held
silver nails in the palm of his hand.” (2014: 11).
57

Markus Finell
What cuts to the core of the story is the perceived divinity in the characters’
archaic expressions of religion. The beggar as Jesus is described as patient, even smiling
when the boy cuts him with the string in a manner just as when Jesus declared: “[…]
Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.” (Luke 23:24). Thomas goes so
far as letting the beggar act as a kind of meta narrator, his dispassionate reactions
symbolizing the actual human weakness and transcendental endurance of Jesus on the
cross. The boy is only consoled by the localism and tribalism of his upbringing which
shows itself as pathological insecurity manifested in emotional outbursts, and ultimately,
violence. Failing to see the humanity in the other is exactly what R. S. Thomas showed
in his version of the crucifixion. According to Munday (2018), this is part of a body of
work that gives voice to Calvinistic Methodism, yet another connection showing the
tendency of the storytellers of Welsh Romanticism to portray their country’s
Nonconformism.
Having seen the child scouring the empty tower, we see how he leaves with
the old man and is suddenly found in bed again, content as after all his previous outbursts.
It is the embodiment of unstable Christianity that is at play, not a direct backlash
following a loss of spirituality. The passionate and presumptuous belief that gives license
to its followers to act out their personal relationship with God in an emotional and
ecologically connected way is expressed in the kind of dangerous rhetoric that leads to
violent action. The structure of the short story establishes the trinity as a religious
necessity, serving as the driving power behind all events. The trinity in the world of Welsh
Nonconformism as constructed by Dylan Thomas mixes paganistic ritual and folktale
with revealed truth and drives a child to murder. Thomas manages to build the narrative
on a foundation of spiritual corruption, retelling the story of the crucifixion in the most
powerful of terms.

58

Markus Finell
7. “The Burning Baby”
A problematic trio is also in focus in this story, but without the divine essence flowing
through it. Thomas reimagines the old case of William Price by showcasing the
destructive and monstrous corruption of a religious soul. Consumed with lust and tempted
by the darkest of scriptural interpretations, the preacher Rhys Rhys destroys his family,
raising his daughter with obedience to him only. He makes himself God and dictates to
all, from the auspices of his pulpit, what is right and good for the village and its
inhabitants. His every whim and delusion about flesh and ripeness, create the environment
in which the daughter and overlooked son are debased and discarded. Thomas’s imagery
is clearly more pagan, with glaring instances of bending any semblance of Christianity to
fit into the worldview of a closed community that cannot escape its own decay. Even
supernatural occurrences are part of the story, denoting a pagan Welsh Nonconformism
that has sold its soul to the devil.
Thomas turns the cymeriad of the Welsh short story that Tomos (1998) sets
up as characteristic, by turning the format on its head with elements of horror and sex,
along with psychological terror and hopelessness. The extraordinary event is liberally
retold as the doings of a freakish villain rather than an eccentric local figure, which M.
Wynn Thomas interprets as personalized authorship:

That the fate of the renegade Unitarian William Price in the guise of Vicar
Rhys Rhys is a version of young Thomas’s view of his own fate, as a poet
‘monstered’ by his own society, is clear enough. And as has already been
noted, the identification of oneself, as suspect, ostracized writer, with the
legendary Price was a commonplace of Thomas’s anti-chapel Anglo-Welsh
generation.
(In the Shadow of the Pulpit: Literature and Nonconformist Wales: 248-249)

This reading is perfectly logical but does, again, not tell the whole story. Dylan Thomas
is pretty much a walking contradiction, providing an inconspicuous satire on Welsh
Nonconformism. The point is not to present the writer as victim, but to acquiesce to the
artist’s plight in a ubiquitous paradigm that pits a benign form of religious expression
against genuine lawlessness.

59

Markus Finell
After Rhys Rhys’s son is born and dies, he burns the small body on a pyre
under the moonlight. He smiles in relief as the corpse disintegrates, because as Peach
(1988: 21) rightly points out, his obsession with flesh still disgusts him. Rhys can now
continue his alternative lifestyle, by appealing to the stifled customs that have corrupted
this community. He can simply call upon the forces that nourish and sustain evil,
fermenting it, and infecting everything in proximity. As Moynihan (1968) states, this
dualism is legitimized by Thomas, as God keeps on coexisting with evil. Rhys’s case is a
milestone in the history of this fictionalized community that finally pushes back in the
second-hand account of the events as it reads in the narrative voice. Welsh
Nonconformism is here a particularly sinister ideology that attaches itself to those prone
to sin, and this point, the power of ideology bound to more liberal expressions of religion
and conservative or isolationist sentiment, needs to be highlighted.
M. Wynn Thomas takes special note of the final lines which read of the
child on the pyre: “A flame touched its tongue. Eeeeeh, cried the burning baby, and the
illuminated hill replied.” (2014: 41) Thomas relates the harrowing ending to the implicit
theme of John Milton’s Ode on the Morning of Christ’s Nativity and Robert Southwell’s
The Burning Babe, giving credence to a victimized Christ-child that suffers at the hands
of humanity in having to endure unimaginable pain (2010: 249). The subversive nativity
is a sound argument along with the monstered author-theory but the chain of events most
clearly lead to the terrors of hypocritical and power-hungry Puritanism rather than
insanity. The illuminated hills answer the child’s cry and together they sing in unison like
later generations of the Welsh. Thomas was one of them, together with Wales itself, blood
and soil: a pained repudiation of their appropriation by the Welsh Nonconformism of their
fathers.

7.1 Forbidden Love
Authors do not have much time to make a lasting first impression on their readers when
working with the short story format. Thomas makes a roaring start, with a narrative voice
from the perspective of the townspeople going directly to the burning of the baby. As this
ungodly act is put into motion, a nearby gorse bush bursts into flames like the appearance
in front of Moses (Exodus 3:2). This strange occurrence has already shown its guise to
the tragic villain on a previous Sunday, Thomas switching quickly to the beginning of the
60

Markus Finell
tale in an effective juxtaposition: “[…] Rhys Rhys, in clerical black, had seen the flames
shoot up to the sky, and the bush on the hill burn red as God among the paler burning of
the grass.” (2014: 36).
There is a significance to Thomas including gorse. Ulex europaeus was seen
by many in Britain to be foreboding as well as a symbol for everlasting love, both
meanings coming clearly to the fore in this text. The specific Welsh traditions around the
bushes are highly relevant as furze, a more colloquial term, was said to block the passage
of fairies, and when they burned down, livestock would move to the new offshoot. Special
tools and mills were built for cultivating the highly valuable plant, and children collected
the seeds for sale at a high price in the market (Dictionary of Plant Lore, s.v. Gorse). As
the plot will show, the gorse bushes are a stark warning to the preacher Rhys Rhys, for
the demons will move in and do the devil’s work by lighting the fire of forbidden love in
his heart. Ironically, seeing God in the red flames shows the misconceptions of Welsh
Nonconformist ministry which is blind to naturalistic interpretations of natural
phenomena.
Thomas also describes how the family members are buried: the ashes of the
father and baby being consigned to a stone jar and the dusty remains of the ravaged
daughter lying in a white coffin. In this opening paragraph with the thematic burning bush
and burial of the remains, Rhys Rhys is shown as destroyed by the true religious order.
The following NT verses show the relationship between the family and Christ: “And he
said unto another, Follow me. But he said, Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father.
Jesus said unto him, Let the dead bury their dead: but go thou and preach the kingdom of
God.” (Luke 9:59-60). The harsh command is given to those who choose their blood over
their maker and the dogma shines through in the Catholic catechism which says: “Should,
however, the injunctions of parents be at any time opposed to the commandments of God,
children, are, of course, to prefer the will of God to the desires of their parents, […]”
(1829: 387).
Nonconformist thought differs in this regard with its Puritanical and rigid
approach to family life and its impact on morality. Pastor William Gadsby says of
childrearing: “Children should also be taught their duty to their parents and the various
branches of the family, and to their superiors in every station of life, […] The evil nature
of disobedience should be taught them, together with the awful nature and consequence
of sin in all its bearing; […]” (Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 3, s.v. Document
61

Markus Finell
VI.20). What does a daughter do when she sinfully submits to the sins of her father? She
engages in awful behaviour but cannot escape the evils of this binary choice, doing wrong
whatever she chooses. It is of course not an endorsement of Catholicism by Thomas, who
constructs the scenario where the daughter and the baby who is both her little brother and
son fall victim, but a repudiation of the father’s predatory exploitation. There is a grave
injustice where narcissistic and lustful corruption leads others into sin, as the father turns
his daughter away from her eternal father and into death without beatification.
For men of the cloth, it is especially important to provide a strong and stable
example to the laity, but Rhys fails abundantly in this regard. Fourth of the
commandments is to remember the sabbath and keep it holy per Calvin’s (1846) reading
of the Septuagint but as Thomas writes: “It was, they said, on a fine sabbath morning in
the middle of the summer that Rhys Rhys fell in love with his daughter.” (2014: 36). The
preacher fantasises about her and tells her that she is more beautiful than her mother ever
was, turning to incestual lust, a masturbatory form of sexual expression that breaks apart
the family and moves the lovers-to-be away from God. On this day of rest, the proper
Nonconformist would focus his attention on elevating his personal relationship with God
and avoid immersing himself in the sins of the flesh. Pratt (1970) supports the imagery of
the gorse bushes as symbolizing the demise of our characters and this progression starts
with love, making it even more sinister, love being concerned with giving all of yourself
to the other rather than claiming them for yourself.
M. Wynn Thomas chooses to pinpoint the narrative voice and seeing the
second-hand account which is laid out as the mythologizing of the disaster that ensues.
Disastrous if anything, is, according to Whitefield, the abovementioned abandonment of
spiritual purity in pursuing the holy life (2009: 289). This reality will haunt the villagers
who bare this secret and bring it to light with the kind of shallow gossip that feeds into
the narrative. Peter M’Owan condemns the gossiping and discussing of politics and
worldly things on the sabbath: “This is a soul-destroying and a God-dishonouring custom.
It has indeed an air of friendship to man, but it betokens enmity to God.” (Protestant
Nonconformist Texts Volume 3, s.v. Document IX.16). Among the sins that fallen
creatures may choose to pursue by their own volition, incest is egregious in the least.
Whitefield, in one of his sermons, tells of a man who takes his father’s wife to be his own
(2009: 251). The punishment for this deed: excommunication. What the Nonconformists

62

Markus Finell
who rebel in their ignorance proceed to do upends the whole project, especially when the
clergy are in error.
It is of course not in Thomas’s mind to replace Welsh Methodists of
differing stripes with the Thomists and their impenetrable theological schemata, but to
point out the inherent flaw in the chapel-going culture. M. Wynn Thomas makes the
salient point that even Rhys’s name is incestuous by its repetition (2010: 248), adding
another layer unto the multitude of criticisms which cover each page. In the opening, we
are introduced to the neglected son, who like the idiot beggar in “The Tree”, is wandering
the hills. The young boy makes animalistic noises and holds up a small dead creature to
the sky, coughs up some blood in a basin and starts stirring it around with his finger, eerily
echoed by Griffith (2001) with Ianto. The injection of paganistic rituals with animal and
blood sacrifice is a reminder of what transpires in rural Wales, but this time the
desperation and loneliness of the boy ought to be understood from a psychological
perspective of socialisation without drawing any further conclusions about religious
meaning.
The use of animals and blood is merely thematic as it is contingent upon the
intertextuality of Thomas’s stories and in how they are shaped according to their specific
content. Nonconformists, in general, refrained from naturalistic takes on religious
experience which can be discerned in Thomas’s work. John Wesley engaged in
conversations with Philipp Heinrich Molther of the Moravian Church of England, who
according to Podmore (1998: 65) professed that he would knowingly deceive worshippers
to bring them closer to God. In the conversations with Wesley, it emerges that he believed
in a relationship between nature and grace (1980: 356-357). The disavowal of such beliefs
by Wesley shows that some of the Nonconformist traditions could still be placed within
a legitimate Overton Window, not belonging to the most radical interpretations as
represented by Thomas.
Perversely, Rhys sees the inner beauty of his daughter, indicating a love that
goes beyond the material and recognizes the soul and essence of the other person. Thomas
writes: “Her hair smelt of mice, her teeth came over her lip, and the lids of her eyes were
red and wet. He saw her beauty come out of her like a stream of sap.” (2014: 36). The
thematic imagery of organic material symbolizes a love by the corrupted Nonconformist
clergy of nature and God as beauty in the physical, a sexual instinct for sin justified by
the minister. Rhys almost manages to scurry around the pitfalls that stand before all men
63

Markus Finell
of God as Wesley says: “[…] matches of the devil’s making (as all such are, which are
contracted only on account of outward beauty, or for filthy lucre’s sake) prove most
miserable, and grievous to be borne.” (2009: 186). Many interpretations can be adduced
from Rhys’s viewpoint, but Thomas’s description of beauty coming out of her indicates
a love of the inner substance that can only be felt for a person of such an untamed exterior.
The next scene takes place in the chapel and shows Rhys in front of his
congregation preaching of the harvest and seeing images of crops in the physical structure
of the building containing the laity. Foreshadowing the crime that is about to be
committed, Thomas writes:

The world is ripe for the second coming of the son of man, he said aloud.
But it was not the ripeness of God that glistened from the hill. It was the
promise and the ripeness of the flesh, the good flesh, the mean flesh, flesh
of his daughter, flesh, flesh, the flesh of the voice of thunder howling before
the death of man.
(Collected Stories: 37)

Rhys understands his predicament but embraces the emotions flowing over him, arousing
an obsession with bearing fruit, juxtaposed with a barren love, and justifying it by
reinventing himself as the father of his community. He sees the potential for bringing into
the world the next Messiah.
Whitefield (2009) and Calvin (1846) repeatedly use the harvest to
symbolize the conversion of all people in bringing them closer to their maker. Using the
language of fields is a clear pragmatic choice that will have proven to be effective in
convincing the peasantry of divine truth and filling them with the spirit necessary for
living a good life. It also works, particularly in the case of Calvin, as a strategy for priests
to brandish their rhetoric with themes that speak to peasants. Their texts function as
poignant guides that reinstate the clergy’s authority in relation to worshippers in a
liberalized ideal that seeks to be defined and codified by its founders. Imbuing the pew
with power subsequently places expectations of responsibility and exemplary behaviour
according to a puritanical lifestyle on preachers. Maddock (2012: 163-164) states that
both Wesley and Whitefield drew heavily from Puritanical literature and this points to the
hypocrisy in the ultimately doomed clergy as we see in this extreme example.
64

Markus Finell
Exceptionalising the position that ministers had in the Nonconformist
communities of the time is, according to Brown (1988: 220), not indicative of reality.
When seeing the data he presents with accompanying commentary, it grounds the
discussion in an understanding of ministers as limited in their education and engagement
with churchgoers. The silent majority is often represented by the eccentricities of more
intellectually curious and politically ambitious preachers who took the line of almost
hysterical evangelism rather than thoughtful herding of their flocks. It is already
ascertained that Thomas drew from his childhood and Welsh culture and did not actively
seek out cult-like behaviour to chastise in his writing. Prevalent narratives have arisen
which characterize the movement in less flattering terms and that come together with
personal experience. What is seen mainly through implication is a possibly subconscious
critique of organized religion that stems from the socialised puritanical religious
tendencies in Thomas.
Transitioning back to Rhys’s son, Thomas brings back the image of dead
animals with a shot rabbit that the boy sticks inside his jacket (2014: 37). Sacrifice is
primarily in the domain of Christ, but it is also incumbent upon the individual believer to
self-sacrifice. The frequent appearances of dead animals reveal an outdated mode of
worship that hearkens back to the Bible, placing the children of Welsh Nonconformism
in an obsolete set of beliefs and practices that follow the Welsh spirit almost as the racebased genetic defect of socialisation through re-enactment. Thomas shows that no matter
what the Welsh believe or however much they fail to enquire about the nature of their
existence, the sins of their forebearers invariably flow through their veins. Self-loathing,
or at the very least, questioning one’s heritage, is a part of the process that runs along with
the progress of history and materializes in the literature of the already mentioned Caradoc
Evans and R. S. Thomas.
The boy takes the rabbit to the church steps where he is met by the
congregants who make their way out of God’s house. They smile at the boy and Thomas
writes: “He was always the poor boy to them.” (2014: 37). Just before, he writes that the
boy had “death buttoned under his jacket”, carrying the sacrifice of Welsh
Nonconformism. The pious townspeople fail to see what is beneath the surface of their
carefully curated lives with an ignorance that might be wilful. An inability to break the
chain of spiritual and cultural bondage is impossible even though death is staring them
right in the face. They could all be good Samaritans, helping themselves from the evil
65

Markus Finell
that they sustain. Before going out and meeting the boy, their eyes are fastened at the
daughter who is positioned at the front, feeling an urge to touch the spot which Rhys has
violated. It does not read as the unbearable moment of a traumatized victim, but like a
mistress feeling the burden of shame for having been sexually involved with a man of
God. This is the evil that the boy inadvertently carries to the door, but which falls on blind
eyes.
Rhys’s obsession with the ripe flesh slowly builds in the next paragraph to
an initial eruption that is sure to anger God more than anything. He sits in his study,
bolstering a pipe and keeping a closed copy of the Bible in his lap. He remembers the
sabbath but fails to keep it holy as the day passes into night and his innermost desires
arise. Finally, his instincts take over: “Merry with desire, Rhys Rhys cast the bible on the
floor. He reached for another book, and read, in the lamplit darkness, of the old woman
who had deceived the devil. The devil is poor flesh said Rhys Rhys.” (2014: 38). The
uncapitalized bible is here one literary object of countless others and he instinctively goes
for the ultimate deceiver. Whitefield is strict on this point:

But perhaps you have no taste for this despised Book; perhaps plays,
romances, and books of polite entertainment suit your taste better; if this be
your case, give me leave to tell you, your taste is vitiated, and unless
corrected by the spirit and Word of God, you shall never enter into his
heavenly kingdom: for unless you delight in God here, how will you be
made meet to dwell with him hereafter? Is it a sin then, you will say, to read
useless impertinent books? I answer, yes.
(Sermons of George Whitefield: 204)

Rhys is overcome by lust, one of the seven deadly sins, but Thomas shows that he
perceives it as love (2014: 38). This deliberate misunderstanding of the Christian view of
love can be clarified by reading the NT where it says: “Love worketh no ill to his
neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.” (Romans 13:10), and “Beloved, let
us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and
knoweth God.” (1 John 4:7). If being aligned with God’s nature, thereby following the
dictates of revealed truth, is necessary for authentic love, then Rhys has appropriated love
in the name of lust to justify his sin.

66

Markus Finell
Part of the arousal that leads to Rhys throwing away holy scripture is a
distinctly Welsh sexual thought that invades his mind. This is the instant when love of
flesh is brought up as Thomas writes: “He had not felt love like this since the woman who
scratched him, seeing the woman witch in his male eyes, had fallen into his arms and
kissed him, and whispered Welsh words as he took her.” (2014: 38). Highlighting Rhys
hearing the word in his native tongue is akin to the idiot beggar savouring the Welsh
language in “The Tree”. Thomas fetishizes the language as a distinctly sexual discourse
that makes up the culture of hypocritical Welsh Nonconformism. Avoidance of direct use
hints at an unwillingness in Thomas to attempt production of lines that would best
represent the sexual memory. He puts it to the reader to imagine an exotic exchange,
Thomas leading with “the woman who scratched him”.
Burning gorse bushes is not the only omen following Rhys; his boy follows
him with death underneath. When the son comes to his father, holding the rabbit lovingly
in his arms, Rhys reacts strongly. He tells the boy to go away, knowing deep down what
the ugliness that the boy has unearthed says about him: “Who was this green stranger to
carry in death and rock it, like a baby under a warm shawl of fur before him? For a minute
the flesh of the world lay still; the old terror set in; the waters of the breast dried up, the
nipples grew through the sand.” (2014: 38). On some level, he realizes that the second
coming will be dead and covered in heat, just like the rabbit is covered in fur, and wishes
its exodus.
The sexual imagery turns stale and fades away as he is brought back to the
stark reality of his home, away from fantasy and desire, like the dreaming boy in “The
Tree”. He grabs the carcass and puts it in his pocket just before his daughter enters the
room: “When his daughter came in, dressed and ready for bed, with a candle in her hand,
Rhys Rhys had death in his pocket.” (2014: 38). Confronting his hypocrisy dead on and
making the sins his own, he creates the reality of a Welsh Nonconformism that through
pure desperation has acknowledged its new position in the world.
He has rendered the boy powerless and turned the ominous calling into an
aspect of his person. Calling his own son “Changeling” and seeing him as a ghost of his
late mother positions the child as a bearer of death, the devil himself. As it says in the
NT: “Forasmuch then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself
likewise took part of the same; that through death he might destroy him that had the power
of death, that is, the devil;” (Hebrews 2:14). This is especially important for Rhys as he
67

Markus Finell
is trying to gain legitimacy in his own eyes but fails to do so because of the subject of his
fantasy: the witch who he “ravaged” (2014: 38). In the legalistic structure of the OT, the
law reads as with bestiality, sodomy, or adultery: “A man also or woman that hath a
familiar spirit, or that is a wizard, shall surely be put to death: they shall stone them with
stones: their blood shall be upon them.” (Leviticus 20:27). The witch was the mother of
his daughter and he sees the boy as standing in for his real son who never came to be.
One of the more confusing aspects of the relationship between father and
daughter is the daughter’s behaviour. Thomas uses imperfect human love and sexuality
to provoke his readers. Without a doubt, the actions taking place in the story are sure to
shock and disgust anyone who comes across it, but his depiction of the female character
is disconcerting and forces the reader to consider a more complex psychological
interpretation. When the daughter enters the room, we see a relationship akin to that of
two lovers at the inception of a lustful relationship: “She was timid, for his touch still
ached on her arm and breast but she bent unblushing over him. Saying good-night, she
kissed him, and he blew her candle out. She was smiling as he lowered the wick of the
lamp.” (2014: 38). This passage, wick and all, is sexually suggestive and sends mixed
messages as to the daughter’s true feelings.
Aching is naturally connected to pain but has a history of being used in a
sexual context, sex and pain being tied together in more recent creative expressions both
as intercourse and longing (Evans & Griffiths 2008, Kwast-Greff 2013, Valovirta 2014).
Love and despair, but also the pains of the flesh are interconnected in a web of
biochemical, psychological, and spiritual ways that have been studied by natural scientists
and psychoanalysts alike. The kiss that we are privy to is followed by a seductive blowing
out of the candle and lowering of the wick, accompanied by a smile from the daughter. Is
she servicing her father as is her duty, obeying the parent according to Nonconformist
morality, or has she been possessed by madness? What can be determined is that she is at
the mercy of a powerful man, the sole ruler of chapel and household.
Her brother looks as she strides up the hill by their home. The very act of
walking up from the house prepares her like a fertility ritual. Before the father follows
her to the top, the brother is privy to an exceptional sight:

68

Markus Finell
Death took hold of his sister’s legs as she walked through the calf-deep
heather up the hill. He saw the high grass at her thighs. And the blades of
the upgrowing wind, out of the four windsmells of the manuring dead, might
drive through the soles of her feet, up the veins of the legs and stomach, into
her womb and her pulsing heart.
(Collected Stories: 39)

An inversion is taking place, where her fertility is secured for immoral purposes as a dead
power that will put a stop to the degeneracy of her and Rhys’s bond. She relishes the fact
that she is wanted and calls over her father for yet another encounter.
In the OT, God says to Moses: “Thou shalt not covet […]” (Exodus 20:17).
A literal reading relegates the sin of covetousness as only applying to those things that
belong to your neighbour and is listed as the tenth and final commandment according to
Calvin’s reading (1846). In Nonconformist circles, the penalty for breaking the
commandment leaves potential theological loopholes:

But, though this lust and all worldly lusts are exceeding sinful in the sight
of God when they lurk unseen in the heart, they are not amenable to church
discipline except in so far as they manifest themselves in men’s lives in the
form of deceit, violence, oppression, cruelty, or excessive and unseemly
parsimony.
(Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 3, s.v. Document VI.8)

These forms can be difficult to pin down and Rhys exemplifies the kind of evil and corrupt
clergy that does not even hold supernatural faith and uses religion to exercise power over
others. He already has power over his daughter qua her father but also needs personal
justification and sway in the community to keep his cover.

7.2 Life and Death
The boy, who brings death with him everywhere, and sees death clasping his sister’s
ankles, inadvertently acts as the moral centre in the story. He is instinctually appalled by
his sister and compares her to a woman who tried to seduce him: “She was to him as ugly
as the sowfaced woman Llareggub who had taught him the terrors of the flesh. He
69

Markus Finell
remembered the advances of that unlovely woman.” (2014: 39). Where Llareggub has
been used as a place name, the moniker stands as an explicit comment, realizing what the
name spells out backwards. The promiscuity and enticement that the boy remembers from
his sexual experience trigger his disgust reflex and he even invokes religious language,
speaking of terrors which also haunted Job: “Terrors are turned upon me: they pursue my
soul as the wind: and my welfare passeth away as a cloud.” (Job 30:15).
Job’s anxiety is directed at something different, and the terrors of the flesh
speak to a focal point in Wesley’s (1980) writings, wherein he decries the state of bodily
desires in the utmost Puritan fashion. The boy represents the idealized positive aspects of
Welsh Nonconformism, albeit with a pagan element as seen earlier, to counter the
corruption manifest in Rhys Rhys. This corresponds fittingly with the early dissent of
men like Vavasor Powell in the seventeenth century who failed to gain traction. They
failed, just like the worshippers, who reject the new informed and radical liberalism,
looking upon the boy as a harmless distraction. He is inescapably marked by the bloodand-soil tendencies passed on by the thinkers of old who pass him by and abuse the
theology to rouse isolationist sentiment among the working class.
One of the unusual aspects of this dark adaptation is the blurring of time
that can be experienced throughout the story. It becomes especially congested when the
daughter walks up the hill to be joined by, and ultimately conjoined with, her father. The
boy’s mentalization cuts in as a cross-section of moralizing and then, suddenly, the
daughter reappears in a new shape: “She who was his sister walked with a swollen belly
over the hill.” (2014: 40). It is as though she has become pregnant by the same swift
supernatural mechanism that led to the immaculate conception as she walked up the hill
at dawn and can be seen, pregnant and frolicking with her father: “In the first dew of light
[…]” (2014: 40). The second coming of Christ is already poised to make an appearance
on the stage of rural Wales amid the union of his fallen parents, being more antichrist
than redeemer.
Llareggubb, or the buggering of all, is the devil on the shoulder of Welsh
Nonconformism in constant conflict with the boy, who embodies the good instincts in
Christian morality. Through his birth, the witch dies, and he instinctively brings death in
the form of animal carcasses as a showing of bad tidings. Llareggub is the temptress that
tried to convert the boy but failed. Nonetheless, she continues to live on in the women of
these villages, drawing the attention of easily corruptible men. Llareggub has been
70

Markus Finell
featured in other pieces by Thomas, mainly as the setting for Under Milk Wood (2015)
and the beforementioned, “The Holy Six”. The name, as pointed out above, can be read
backwards and thus spell out what Thomas envisioned the place to be like, but was
changed after his passing into the less conspicuous Llaregyb (The New Companion to the
Literature of Wales, s.v. Under Milk Wood).
This demon of sex materializes in the most outrageous acts and follows the
succumbing of Welsh Nonconformism to pure emotion and spiritual possession. In a
letter on the Quakers, the French enlightenment philosopher Voltaire, who was inspired
by the deism of Lord Bolingbroke, writes of churchgoing in England and his accomplice’s
comments on the service: “In this doubt and uncertainty we listen patiently to every one,
we even allow our women to hold fourth; two or three of these are often inspired at one
and the same time, and ‘tis then that a most charming noise is heard in the Lord’s house.”
(Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 2, s.v. Document II.5). The difference between
strict High Church Anglicanism and the ardour of dissent is vast and the boy shows that
the Welsh could do without the latter.
After a repetition of bodily terrors, the child is delivered by Rhys Rhys on
a sabbath morning in springtime. Thomas’s use of “a fine sabbath morning” appears both
when Rhys falls in love with his daughter and when he delivers his son. The child initially
spits but quickly dies. At that moment a shadow enters the room:

[…] his daughter’s breast cried out and ran into the mouth of the
surrounding shadow. The shadow pouted for the milk and the binding
cottons. […] Rhys Rhys, with the dead child held against him, stepped into
the night, hearing the mother moan in her sleep and the deadly shadow,
filled with sick milk, flowing around the house.
(Collected Stories: 40)

Just as the changeling took the place of Rhys’s son, this shadow has filled the void left
by the baby. The son of the demon has prevailed, and humanity has been lost to the evil
of its creation.
The child is dead, showing that Welsh Nonconformism is barren and leads
to evil. This ideological inevitability is cemented when even the changeling, supposedly
a caring and humane symbol of Welsh Nonconformism, helps to paper over the cracks by
71

Markus Finell
pointing the father to a cleansing ritual: “A shadow walked close to him and, silent in the
shadow of a full tree, the changeling waited. He made an image for the moon, and the
flesh of the moon fell away, leaving a star-eyed skull. Then with a smile he ran back over
the lawns and into the crying house.” (2014: 40). Finally, the boy’s obsession with skulls
and dead animals shows that although he brings them along as a warning it is not by his
own volition. What he sees in the stripped-down structure of the innards, is a pure reality
that shows the boy for what he is, a puritanism that has always worked in tandem with
the violence and excess of Welsh Nonconformism embodied in Llareggub and Rhys
Rhys.
In a letter addressing the paranoid tendencies of Christian existence in a
fallen world, Whitefield writes: “Need therefore, great need have you my brethren, at this
time to take the apostle’s advice, and try the spirits whether they be of God. For the devil
is beginning to mimic God’s work, and because terrors will not do, he is now transforming
himself into an angel of light in order more effectually to gain his point.” (1976: 50). The
mantra of the flesh is imprinted onto the preacher’s mind and devolves to excessive sin
which results in the death of two children. In order to purify himself and get rid of the
sins that taint his legacy, the changeling points him to the hill under the moon where he
burns the child. Thomas writes, repeating the mantra: “Rhys Rhys, before the red eye of
the creeping fire, stretched out his arms and beckoned the shadow from the stones.
Surrounded by shadows, he prayed before the flaming stack, and the sparks of the heather
blew past his smile. Burn, child, poor flesh, mean flesh, flesh, flesh, sick sorry flesh, flesh
of the foul womb, burn back to dust, he prayed.” (2014: 41).
As a holy father can absolve a sinner in his church through the sacrament of
confession, so does this preacher lift his burden thanks to a personal relationship with the
supernatural. The supernatural is emphasised as the spirits deceive him, much like the
devil imitating God in Whitefield’s letter. Rhys’s smile points out a central problem in
the doctrine of faith alone, as championed by Wesley (1980: 107-108), whereby any act
is ultimately forgiven Methodists by justification of their state as they reach salvation by
means of sanctification through a pure love of God. Many readings would simply
conclude that Rhys Rhys is characterized by Thomas as an insane character that spirals
out of control. The critique that has not yet been made, is that the underlying ideology of
Welsh Nonconformism upholds it and allows it to grow and corrupt everyone. Without
this yoke, insanity, nor the evil it provokes, would be justifiable.
72

Markus Finell
8. “The Peaches”
In this piece of autofiction, Thomas presents his most balanced take on Welsh
Nonconformism, naturally sympathizing with his family’s hypocrisy and difficulty of
dealing with a sense of inferiority in the light of inequality. Uncle Jim’s drinking and
adultery stands as the most clear-cut case of open sinfulness and normalized ill behaviour
within the culture, living in a Nonconformist world that is out of touch with its own
beliefs. Dylan’s cousin Gwilym acts as a more balanced character who is led astray by
the allure of power tempting clergymen, like Rhys Rhys in “The Burning Baby”, to take
advantage of their position. Aunt Annie on the other hand, symbolises a kind but dying
Protestantism that still holds on to remnants of the culture and strives to be good and keep
up appearances. A young Dylan is stuck in the middle and observes the many
idiosyncrasies without being able to fully understand or contextualise them. The story
contains several thematic strands, like sex and gender roles, but they are ultimately tied
to the culture which moves attitudes and sets the patterns of behaviour and justification.
Gwilym, aspiring to be a minister, is based on Thomas’s actual cousin Idris,
Aunt Annie also being based on his aunt Ann Jones (Pratt 1970: 69). The older boy looks
like a spade, and Thomas writes: “He had a deep voice that cracked in half when he was
excited, and he sang songs to himself, treble and bass, with the same sad hymn tune, and
wrote hymns in the barn. He told me stories about girls who died for love.” (2014: 131).
A hopeless romantic and writer, Gwilym wags his finger at his cousin and lectures him
on lessons of life drawn from his fables which in turn are shrouded in a Christian veneer.
M. Wynn Thomas (2010: 231) is correct in ascribing a lampooning of the preacher in this
story. The Nonconformist liberalism regarding church administration is under some
critique, as lone ministers in the remote corners of Wales can pontificate to their
congregation by teaching them a personalized and flawed catechesis according to their
personal tastes.
M. Wynn Thomas (2010: 232) believes that as a part of mocking Gwilym,
the archetypal Nonconformist preacher, Dylan Thomas goes a step further in upsetting
his eventual sermon by reaffirming the position of the author when he plays with his
friend Jack. Mayer (1996: 106) also focuses on the embodiment of meaning in the author
through a metanarrative that establishes self-awareness in the central character. Hallam
(2015: 228) suspects that the sermon is a memory reworked by Thomas and that it would
have been bilingual, providing a singing translation that shows an ecstatic Welsh
73

Markus Finell
linguistic dress that suits the clerical. The Welsh language adds another dimension to the
lengthy monologue as a reminder of what it might have sounded like and adds the local
flavour that pervades in the Welsh Nonconformism of Thomas’s short stories.
These points are important, but critiques have generally missed the
connection between Welsh Nonconformism and the behaviour of Uncle Jim and Aunt
Annie. For Annie’s sake, commentary has focused on materialism without incorporating
the ideological lens utilized in this thesis. When Thomas describes the objects in one of
the rooms on the farm, he sees a Bible, an heirloom much like the brooches that precede
them on a long list of trinkets. Pratt (1970: 151) is correct in pointing out that Annie
defines herself by the objects at display inside the home. Peach (1988: 35) accurately
identifies the division between the bible and the more sexual objects that follow: a vase
with an image of a woman about to undress for a bath, and a picture of Annie with her
bosom coming out of her top. Thomas plays with sexual taboos which contrast clearly
against the backdrop of Welsh Nonconformism as if to taunt its decrees. A fluent creative
process is contingent on all manner of influences, but Thomas is able to bring them all
together in a broader narrative which displays the ideology he examines in this personal
setting.

8.1 Hypocrisy and Loneliness
This endearing yet mournful boyhood story starts in darkness when Jim Jones pulls up at
the pub with the young Dylan. The pubs are named The Hare’s Foot and The Pure Drop,
showing instantly how this small community treats vice (2014: 127). Superstition and
alcohol are indicative of the nightlife in villages like these, older gentlemen gathering in
these establishments to exchange the stories of the day. J. Watson, in his address to
teachers on abstinence, makes the case for alcohol as an evil to be wary of: “Ought you
not then to abstain? But the Scriptures come closer still, and command us to ‘abstain from
every appearance of evil’. This, in our opinion, settles the case, and renders ‘total
abstinence’ properly scriptural.” (Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 3, s.v.
Document IX.15). As the story proceeds, we become privy to Jim’s drinking problem,
standing in stark contrast to the scriptural Puritanism of Watson.
Jim is wearing a suit and new boots as he grabs a basket containing a piglet
and heads into the bar. At the door, he is met by two stocky women wearing bright dresses,
74

Markus Finell
one with a child in her lap. They greet him and make room on the bench. Thomas
exquisitely shows the reader how Uncle Jim knows deep down that leaving his nephew
outside in the cart to have some fun on his family’s expense is wrong: “‘I’ll be out straight
away,’ he said fiercely, as though I had contradicted him, ‘you stay there quiet.’” (2014:
127). He is acting nervously, being aggressive and overly defensive, having brought the
young lad who is staying with them over the summer. The ladies inside are surely
involved in questionable behaviour; enough to facilitate the cognitive dissonance that
leads to this paranoid and biting outburst.
The imaginative Dylan is a keen observer and peeks through the window
which does not just reflect The Pure Drop’s activities, but also acts as a portal into the
hearts and minds of the townspeople. Thomas’s description of these human shells
signifies a stifled and joyless lifestyle stuck in its tracks:

They all drank out of brown pint tankards and never spoke, laying the cards
down with a smack, scraping at their matchboxes, puffing at their pipes,
swallowing unhappily, ringing the brass bell, ordering more, by a sign of
their fingers, from a sour woman with a flowered blouse and a man’s cap.
(Collected Stories: 127)

The people move like automatons in this confined space without the ability to experience
the joy that they, except for the miserable barmaid, are all there for. Every attempt at
engagement seems painful and forced, a bread-for-the-people scenario wherein breaking
the monotony has become a repetitive and bland ritual. The only escape from work and
dullness in Welsh Nonconformism has itself turned into a half-dead tradition, a release
which cannot allow itself to aim any higher than at the pervading culture.
As dull and dirty as it might be inside, the boy is surrounded by darkness,
sitting on the cart in an alleyway with only the old and serene mare to keep him company.
He is a scared and sensitive boy, completely at the mercy of an irresponsible and selfish
adult who chooses to neglect him. Failing at setting an example and even terrorizing the
boy with his recklessness, the distance and sense of abandonment creep in. Like the
repressed and trapped individuals inside, the boy tries to speak up: “I called, ‘Uncle Jim,
Uncle Jim,’ softly so that he should not hear. I began to whistle between my teeth, but
when I stopped I thought the sound went on hissing behind me.” (2014: 128). He is
75

Markus Finell
apprehensive about raising any noise and calling attention to himself, lest he be attacked
in some way or other. The failure to speak out in cannibalistic communities weighs down
the already oppressed individual that due to some natural grace, sees the world in a
different light and longs to express their visions.
Dylan can only express himself through his imagination and way with
words, writing stories in his mind that somehow express the inner demons he constantly
wrestles with. One of those stories is a direct interpretation of Wales as he sees it: “I
remembered the demon in the story, with his wings and hooks, who clung like a bat to
my hair as I battled up and down Wales after a tall, wise, golden, royal girl from Swansea
convent.” (2014: 128). Mayer (1996: 102-103) pinpoints the format of the stories, on
which Dylan can set his experiences and deal with his issues outside of himself. His
anxiety and lack of self-confidence are nagging companions that follow him into the
alleyway. The reference to a pretty girl in the convent of his home speaks to an eternal
truth at the core of his inherited faith, but the terrifying grip of his past and the rural
collective inheritance of the Welsh people still haunt him.
Uncle Jim’s voracious appetite for drink and women has at this point been
temporarily filled and he kisses the two women goodnight. Defiling the sacrament of holy
matrimony is a transgression of the highest order but it is not always apparent to this
sinner that he is steeping himself in evil by his actions and the effects that they will have
on the mistresses. The potentially consoling reality of a final judgement looms large in
the distance as it was proclaimed in the OT: “I will not punish your daughters when they
commit whoredom, nor your spouses when they commit adultery: for themselves are
separated with whores, and they sacrifice with harlots: therefore the people that doth not
understand shall fall.” (Hosea 4:14). Prophets like Hosea have warned the masses of
wrongdoing, their words often falling on deaf ears. The temptations and pitfalls of a long
and hard life become invisible to men like Uncle Jim, who falter without end, knowing at
a subconscious level that their souls are imperilled.
One of the defence mechanisms that play out when someone’s hypocrisy is
pointed out, is to pass blame. Deflecting is easy and might work for a while, but the
bitterness eventually builds up and causes emotional and mental problems at a later stage.
Phobia and bigotry are release valves that enable some individuals to vent, saying
something about the human condition. Frustrations are channelled into a racialized or
misanthropic worldview that filters any input and perpetuates the pathologies of closed
76

Markus Finell
and frigid communities. Jim makes a blunt statement as he and Dylan start their journey
back home: “‘There are too many drunken gipsies,’ he said as we rolled and rattled
through the flickering lamp-lit town.” (2014: 129). The hypocritical pronouncement does
not cause any reaction in the boy. Mayer (1996: 100-101) points out how the author Dylan
can use the all-seeing quality of the narrator to highlight moments like this to make a
statement which would otherwise slip through the cracks.
Race issues had of course been present for a long time and would take
continuously sinister forms during Thomas’s lifetime. The kind of derisive language that
a young Dylan will have heard in the homogeneous world of Welsh Nonconformism
eventually mixed with his Puritanical sensibilities for adverse effect. In another letter to
Pamela Hansford Johnson, he writes of the current state of young men: “I saw one with a
drunken nigger last night. It is the only vice, I think, that revolts me and makes me
misanthropic. I can — theoretically — tolerate even incest […] and other domestic sins.
But the sin of the boy with the nigger goes up like a rocketed scab to heaven.” (1966: 73).
Here is an instance where Thomas derides the ignorant ruins of Wales but fails to see, as
did most of his generation, the psychological scars of a Welsh Nonconformism, that itself
suffered racism at the hands of the English. He castigates a racially enclosed and colonial
western world in his stories that he himself channelled, just as he facetiously condones
incest, the defining sin of “The Burning Baby”.
Localised and xenophobic modes of behaviour easily etch themselves into
the minds of unthinking people and this is the case for both Jim and Dylan. The true
evangelising nature of dissenting religious traditions was enclosed by the purveyors of
Welsh Nonconformism, who felt that the good word served them alone. Among other
dissenters, the pacifist Quakers loudly spoke out against the slave trade and mistreatment
of Africans by imperialist powers, showing a liberating and humanistic outlook
(Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 3, s.v. Document IX.13). For the Credobaptist
David Bogue, missionary work was of the essence in spreading the truth of eternal life
and inner joy to peoples who had never heard of Jesus and his sacrifice (Protestant
Nonconformist Texts Volume 2, s.v. Document IV.13). The universal and ultimately
humanistic theologies that flourished during this time and informed many of its great
thinkers and influencers, were mostly gentle, but failed where it served as a blunt tool for
socialisation in a carefully ordered hierarchy.

77

Markus Finell
Preachers like Whitefield (2009) frequently encouraged the laity to sing
hymns and Christian songs, filling their hearts with the spirit of the Lord. Drunk and
lighting his pipe, Uncle Jim heeds to this call and breaks out in song. He fills the dead air
with the holy words of hymns all the way from the town to the farm at Gorsehill,
hearkening back to the gorse bushes in “The Burning Baby” (2014: 129). This is the kind
of sacrilegious trick that Nonconformist culture is prone to, and Calvin warned on several
instances of disingenuous praise, still acknowledging the importance of singing:

Hence it is perfectly clear that neither words nor singing (if used in prayer)
are of the least consequence, or avail one iota with God, unless they proceed
from deep feeling in the heart. Nay, rather they provoke his anger against
us, if they come from the lips and throat only, since this is to abuse his
sacred name, and hold his majesty in derision.
(Institutes of the Christian Religion: 180)

Jim’s singing is innocent enough to the boy, having lost his inhibitions and doing what
inebriated individuals tend to do in such moments. It is the singing of hymns rather than
rhythmic and infectious folksongs that stands out, as Jim’s sinfulness fluctuates from
mortal to venial.
They pass a white house along the road, and Jim tells Dylan that a hangman
lives there. One of the windows are lit up and as they go on in the biting wind, he makes
a revealing comment: “‘I wish he’d have hung Mrs Jesus,’ uncle said.” (2014: 129). The
utterance is charged and Goodby (2013: 248) connects it to a bitter old man complaining
about his wife. Jim, who seeks female company at the local pub, justifies his dalliances
by criticising his wife for being too close to Christ, or not performing her wifely duties.
Mary Magdalene, an ardent follower of Christ, was very close to Jesus and this has been
relayed in the medieval Welsh-language texts of her legends (Cartwright 2013). Even
here, Jim dears to refer to his wife, using religion to mock her and making a rather careless
statement about Christ’s role in their lives; a blatant attack on the culture from within.
The controversial question of whether Mary Magdalene was romantically
involved with Jesus or was wedded to him has raised the ire of Christians since the days
of the early church and it has been disputed by most scholars (Ehrman 2006, de Boer &
Bowden 2006, Meyer & de Boer 2004). A strange love triangle is formed with Jim, his
78

Markus Finell
wife as Mary Magdalene, and Christ. The shape is significant in all three stories, in “The
Tree” with its odd trinity, and the family of three in “The Burning Baby”. As seen above,
Thomas (1966: 121) had triangles and God appearing to him in dreams. This shape and
the number three solidify the presence of a critique, but does not seem to attack
Christianity, instead using the symbols of his faith to order his attack on an ideology that
poisoned Wales and its people. Moving the triangle across the clusters of relationships in
this story, allows Thomas to pinpoint the hypocrisies of all, and here lands on both a
spiritual and a romantic relationship in the story.
Paul the apostle gives some credence to the idea that wives should do their
conjugal duties, but without ignoring God: “Let the husband render unto the wife due
benevolence: and likewise also the wife unto the husband. The wife hath not power of her
own body, but the husband: and likewise also the husband hath not power of his own
body, but the wife.” (1 Corinthians 7:3-4). The ability to pass blame on your spouse for
your own sins is probably tempting to a man in Uncle Jim’s position but to imply such a
thing is irresponsible. The trope of a hardworking husband growing frustrated under the
dictatorship of a pedantic and talkative wife has been played out for a long time. The
phenomenon even gave cause for academic debate before Thomas was even born (Edson
1895, Somerset, Spofford & Harland 1895). Here it comes to the fore in a religious
context, which is innovative on Thomas’s part and extends Welsh Nonconformism into
the comedic. The declining Welsh Nonconformism of his youth is breaking down, with
coarser language and open sinfulness.
When the pair arrives, they are met with an uninspiring emptiness which
disappoints even though the hour is late:

We drove into the farm-yard of Gorsehill, where the cobbles rang and the
black, empty stables took up the ringing and hollowed it so that we drew up
in a hollow circle of darkness and the mare was a hollow animal and nothing
lived in the hollow house at the end of the yard but two sticks with faces
scooped out of turnips.
(Collected Stories: 129; my italics)

The feeling of abandonment has followed Dylan from his lonesome existence in the dark
and cold alleyway, down the trodden path sitting next to his uncle, and up to the
79

Markus Finell
farmhouse, an emptiness that echoes throughout the whole paragraph with the crackling
of stone and gravel beneath them. There is a certain hopelessness to the trip downtown
that becomes apparent as a scolding awaits Jim. Dylan will have to go to bed, not having
experienced too much of a good night.
Uncle Jim tells Dylan to go inside and see Annie, who will have prepared
some food for their return. He leads the horse to the stable and Dylan is met by his aunt.
The religious theme quickly flashes by when his vision of the interior is spelt out:

Then a door at the end of the passage opened; I saw the plates on the shelves,
the lighted lamp on the long, oil-clothed table, ‘Prepare to Meet Thy God’
knitted over the fire-place, the smiling china dogs, the brown-stained settle,
the grandmother clock, and I ran into the kitchen and into Annie’s arms.
(Collected Stories: 130)

Simple descriptions of shelves and a table are interrupted by the ominous “Prepare to
Meet Thy God” and then goes immediately over to a set of random objects that fill out
the nostalgic space of Thomas’s autobiographical short story. There is a mildly comedic
element to the contrast in panning over what is mostly a set of inanimate objects that no
one would take notice of, and the Christian admonition hanging on the wall becoming an
indistinguishable part of this inconspicuous background.
There is an irony to letting something so apocalyptic stand as an almost
facetiously reassuring embroidery. It verifies the home as properly Christian and
alleviates the family of any burden to prove themselves as adherents to the faith; a cheap
indulgence. The line comes from one of the explicitly prophetic OT books: “Therefore
thus will I do unto thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy
God, O Israel.” (Amos 4:12). Amos has been read as an old covenant tract on social justice
and Barton’s (2012: 175-176) reading of Calvin’s commentary reveals an insistence on
the people of Israel as divinely anointed with a responsibility to recognise their fallen
nature through more venial sins and to repent for their imperfections. Welsh
Nonconformism has, as seen above, taken on the mantle of Israel through the new
covenant. Glenny (2013: 83) shows how the words of Amos are a forceful omen but as
we can see, this family is one of presumably many who fail to perceive the urgency of the
quote.
80

Markus Finell
Dylan likes Annie, at least compared to his uncle, and he feels much more
at home in the warmth of the house, leaning on the hefty bosom of his aunt who welcomes
him and relieves his anxiety; he is no longer abandoned. She draws him a bath, prepares
a warm drink and some food, and lays out some clean clothes. We first get to hear the
name Gwilym, Dylan having to wear a pair of his cousin’s socks. Annie goes on about
the latest news from the region. At this point, Uncle Jim enters, and he reminds the boy
of a devil (2014: 130). He dwarfs his wife and the power relation is established as a
physical mismatch, but Annie dares to berate him. Her attempt is feeble, and Jim does not
answer her: “He sat down in his special chair, which was the broken throne of a bankrupt
bard, and lit his pipe and stretched his legs and puffed clouds at the ceiling.” (2014: 130).
The patriarchal framing of the Christian household is yet another crutch for Jim to lean
on when he is being attacked. A bard is meant to sing of truth and light, but he is broken
by sin and remains in silence.
The multitude of problems for women in the church was naturally hard to
overcome as a theology of woman has been lacking in most churches throughout. It would
be mistaken to expect modernist notions of egalitarianism and gender equality to cohere
with the doctrines and principles of many denominations. Still, Nonconformist churches
were at the forefront of increasing involvement of women in the spiritual life, and
Congregationalist and Baptist churches saw a female majority in their membership. The
reality of patriarchal structures influenced both by Christian history and local custom still
kept attendance by women down at lower levels than the Anglicans and Catholics.
Women would only come to their right in specific lay leadership roles, like teaching in
the Sunday Schools (Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 3: 2). Some aspects of
church life were still exclusively male, but this would slowly change during Thomas’s
lifetime with the ordination of women on the agenda (Protestant Nonconformist Texts
Volume 4: 77). Although Annie manages to make her voice audible, a greater effort than
Dylan’s outside the pub, she is still not heard. She realises the effect of an ideology that
has taken on a life of its own, without resemblance to the vision set out by its originators.
Thomas starts a transition with a goodnight ritual that mirrors the recent
encounter at The Pure Drop: “So I said good night to Uncle Jim, who turned and smiled
at me and winked through the smoke, and I kissed Annie and lit my candle. ‘Good night.’
‘Good night.’ ‘Good night.’” (2014: 131). There are a kiss and three goodnights forming
a second, homely love triangle which is foregrounded by Jim’s grin, hearkening back to
81

Markus Finell
his more gratifying goodnight: “Uncle Jim kissed the two women on the lips. ‘Good
night.’ ‘Good night.’ ‘Good night.’” (2014: 128). The innocence of the ritual is partly
restored but still tainted by Uncle Jim’s presence and the playful wink to Dylan settles
the issue with the contested and unspoken adage boys will be boys. Men being able to
justify their behaviour by relating to each other and normalizing the patterns that are reenacted across generations helps to facilitate a Welsh Nonconformism grounded in a
worldly Protestantism.
Authority is key for the minister and Gwilym is bright enough to realize this
even though he has not yet reached his twentieth birthday. He takes Dylan to see the pigs
and authorizes his discourse with a performative wearing of clerical garments on this
weekday. His ecclesiastical pompousness is upset by the rickety farm whose failing
structures crumbling around them contain yet another triangular shape that Thomas
obsesses over: “[…] the lean cat of the night before sat snugly between the splintered
jaws of bottles cleaning its face, on the tip of the rubbish pile that rose triangular and
smelling sweet and strong to the level of the riddled cart-house roof.” (2014: 132). They
move past the trinity symbol and go up to the pigsty where piglets are suckling on a sow.
They realize that the little pink creature seen in the basket that Uncle Jim took to The Pure
Drop is missing. Gwilym recollects the previous Christmas when Jim sold a sheep for
drink.
Christmas from a purely Christian perspective has devolved into a secular
feast that relies more on the traditions and symbols of old folktales. The idea of Christ’s
mass is dear to the Catholic church, and the Catechism (1829: 242) chastises the piety of
the faithful who increasingly failed to show up to holy communion on the designated days
of communication: Christmas, Easter and Pentecost. This led to an executive decision to
only reserve Easter as a must for those who come with God’s grace in their hearts.
Congregationalists unionized and established a distress fund when Thomas
was in his early teens, for relief around Christmas for the material needs of poor families
and children. The happiness of the poor was a priority, making Christmas a light in the
dark of the cold British winter (Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 4, s.v. Document
VII.3). At a time when the Nonconformist powers surge to help and chip in with
contributions and donations that uplift the community, Uncle Jim chooses to spend all on
himself. This Dickensian archetype speaks to another corrupt and selfish reality in the
82

Markus Finell
paradoxically individualistic countryside where Welsh Nonconformism ought to inspire
charity rather than selfishness.
After inspecting the pigs, the boys head up to Gwilym’s personal little
chapel in an old barn up on a hill away from the farm. On their way there, he tells of the
religious tour that he embarked on and the actresses he met on the way. His adventurous
image is complete and a part of him is surely drawn from Thomas, who met plenty of
actresses on his tours of America (Brinnin 1955). When they arrive, the doors are locked
but there are holes on the side that make for easy entry. Still, Gwilym wants to display
the stacked keyring that he bought for his place of worship. The ruins of an outdated
Welsh Nonconformism are still being used by those clinging on to the power that was to
be gained from their calling, and Gwilym puts on a magnificent performance for his
younger cousin that screams of a bygone era when large crowds were swept off their feet
by charismatic preachers like Whitefield and Harris. Before he starts, he shows off his
pulpit and asks Dylan to sit down in the hay: “Then he brought out his deepest voice
again, and cried to the heavens and the bat-lined rafters and the hanging webs. ‘Bless us
this holy day, O Lord, bless me and Dylan and this Thy little chapel for ever and ever,
Amen. I’ve done a lot of improvements to this place.’” (2014: 133). He cannot even focus
on God for more than a couple of sentences and is unable to abstain from boasting about
his congregation on the hill of the family farm.
He saves the religious devotion for the bombastic sermon that he has
prepared for his guest and he does not disappoint:

‘O God, Thou art everywhere all the time, in the dew of the morning, in the
frost of the evening, in the field and the town, in the preacher and the sinner,
in the sparrow and the big buzzard. Thou canst see everything, right down
deep in our hearts; Thou canst see us when the sun is gone; Thou canst see
us when there aren't any stars, in the gravy blackness, in the deep, deep,
deep, deep pit; Thou canst see and spy and watch us all the time, in the little
black corners, in the big cowboys' prairies, under the blankets when we're
snoring fast, in the terrible shadows, pitch black, pitch black; Thou canst
see everything we do, in the night and the day, in the day and the night,
everything, everything; Thou canst see all the time. O God, mun, you're like
a bloody cat.’
(Collected Stories: 133-134)

83

Markus Finell
The sermon moves from the alleged pantheism of Thomas to a more common view of an
eternal and omniscient God but takes a quick turn to the humorous analogy of a nocturnal
animal, addressing the Lord like an old schoolmate. For young Dylan, he is offered the
companion in the darkness that he has craved when conjuring up stories of fear and
beauty, and his abandonment now sees a remedy in God. He fails to see the blasphemous
juxtaposition that has just happened right before him.
The roaring speech is followed by stillness for successful comedic effect:
“He let his clasped hands fall. The chapel in the barn was still and shafted with sunlight.
There was nobody to cry hallelujah or God-bless; I was too small and enamoured in the
silence. The one duck quacked outside.” (2014: 134). A great climax is met with stunned
silence and the quacking duck precedes the punchline of the service: “‘Now I take a
collection,’ Gwilym said.” (2014: 134). He has steeped himself in an innocent corruption,
managing to squeeze two pennies out of Dylan. Usually, there is an end to collection, but
he is simply parroting the procedure of congregations that need to sustain themselves.
Gwilym has amassed the full arsenal of chapel life and built a Nonconformist
incorporated in his parents’ old barn, capitalizing on a more than two centuries old
domestic tradition. Somewhere along the line, the divinely ordered line of succession has
been broken and veered off into the domain of profits.

8.2 Class Struggle
Class and consumerism come into the fray when Thomas shifts from the makeshift chapel
back to the house. The boys finish dinner before dressing up for the arrival of Dylan’s
friend Jack Williams. He is coming in from Swansea with his wealthy mother, and Dylan
falsely claims that she has multiple motorcars and houses in order to impress Gwilym.
The big surprise for the afternoon tea session that Annie plans on arranging for her guests
are the peaches gathering dust in the cupboard: “‘That old tin’s been in the cupboard since
Christmas,’ said Gwilym, ‘mother’s been keeping it for a day like this.’ ‘They’re lovely
peaches,’ Annie said. She went upstairs to dress like Sunday.” (2014: 134). Just as
Gwilym dresses up on a weekday to signal his authority as a preacher, Annie feels
compelled to put on a show akin to Sunday service for the incoming matriarch. She
mirrors the fear and anxiety that Dylan felt earlier in the story, and the pressure of coming

84

Markus Finell
across as at least somewhat cultured and well-off creates a forced atmosphere of nervous
ambition.
The anticipation builds for what would generally be a mundane occurrence,
were it not for the class disparity that separates the households. The peaches ground Annie
who clings on to this secret plan. The fruit, which she intends to serve with cream, will
legitimize her as a host. This simple gesture is going to be one of her recent highlights,
breaking the monotony of life we saw reflected in The Pure Drop. Just like in The Quilt,
the material can make a difference in tough circumstances (Deininger 2019). Critics of
capitalism speak of alienation and even, in some sense, a spiritual and moral bankruptcy.
It is also hypothesized that Protestantism is inherently linked to liberalism and free
markets, promoting discipline and hard work as essential aspects of a good life (Weber
2003). The Nonconformist communities have been struck by this ailment and the destitute
rural areas depend on servitude, hospitality, inanimate objects, and rare foods to lighten
the mood and bring some joy, momentarily avoiding a gloomy Calvinistic message.
The barely used best room, intended for big occasions like this, is dusty and
odorous. Thomas repeats the formula whereby Dylan lists the stuff covering the shelves
inside this new world of hope and potential, interjecting with a religious item that
interrupts the rhythm: “A case of china and pewter, trinkets, teeth, family brooches, stood
beyond the bandy table; there was a large oil lamp on the patchwork table-cloth, a Bible
with a clasp, […]” (2014: 135). We again see a table, a lamp, and porcelain, but this time
we are met with the kind of Bible that stays with a family for generations and accrues
some value depending on the version and condition.
This binding of holy scripture is not only offset by the suggestive
mantelpieces but says something about its owners from its very construction. Their
clasped edition shows the importance to Welsh Nonconformists who display their
religiosity or piety and prioritize good airs over reading the book for its spiritual content
and wisdom. It symbolizes Christianity as innately closed and somehow inaccessible to
the common people, revealing a paradoxical relationship with the Protestant tradition
which has generally encouraged the uninitiated to read the texts in an effort to come closer
to God and grow in their faith. Whitefield (2009: 203) was especially adamant that
everyone should read scripture as often as possible, and although many do it in bad faith
or with misled or flawed intentions, it is always better to be closer to the good word.
85

Markus Finell
Attitudes like this can lead to increased ingroup expectations, and fear of disappointing
the hierarchy can lead to varying forms of virtue signalling.
Wesley writes on the laity’s relationship with holy writ and the duties of
those that want to live a good life in the light of the Lord:

It is expected of all who desire to continue in these societies, that they
should continue to evidence their desire of salvation: thirdly, by attending
upon all the ordinances of God. Such are the public worship of God; the
ministry of the word, either read or expounded, the Supper of the Lord;
private prayer; searching the Scriptures; and fasting, or abstinence.
(John Wesley: 179)

This fractious state might lead to cognitive dissonance which manifests itself as apathy,
denial, disavowal, neglect of duties, or isolation from the rest of the community. It is
harder to break norms and go against conventions in small homogeneous social
environments, as the blowback can be brutal, and it would have been of greater
consequence at that time. Annie does own a bible, but there is a subconscious revolution
taking place on the racks with sexual hints and a subtle declaration of inner desires coming
to the surface. The bible remains closed, suggesting how the culture never served the
interests of individuals and failed to stop the natural urges of a continuously repressed
laity.
What comes next is a humiliating series of events for Annie as Mrs Williams
arrives with Jack. The focus is on Annie as she is forced to fight for everything that she
holds dear: her home, her things, and her peaches. Peach (1988: 81) highlights the
upwards struggle of the working class in relation to the patronising arrogance carried into
the Nonconformist home by the bourgeoisie, Annie tending to Mrs Williams like a meek
servant. For a moment, Thomas sides with the faith of his ancestors and shows his
eagerness to relate with the common Welsh against the British city-dwellers, Annie
representing the benign symptoms of the Protestant ethic. Her decency, kindness,
humility, and conscientiousness are on full display and endears her to the reader, whereas
the worldly Mrs Williams dusts off a chair with her lace handkerchief before sitting down
(2014: 136). The pressure keeps piling on with a series of setbacks: Dylan tells Jack that
a tea stain on the white tablecloth is blood, Jack steps all over the sofa in his dirty shoes,
86

Markus Finell
Annie has to admit that they forgot to order some cake, and Gwilym divulges the ripe old
age of the peaches (2014: 136-137).
In the middle of all this, the bible falls to the floor and Annie quickly tries
to dust it off with the sleeve of her black Sunday-best dress, that seemingly, for the first
time in quite a while, meets with anything remotely religious in what is an ultimately
secular interaction (2014: 136). The Welsh Nonconformism of a closed rural Wales
makes itself known in the chaos but is unsurprisingly discarded by those who should
protect its tenets. The final blow to Annie’s aspirations comes when she offers some
peaches, not having served any tea yet holding a tray full of cups: “‘Oh, you must, Mrs
Williams, just one. With cream.’ ‘No, no, Mrs Jones, thanks the same,’ she said. ‘I don’t
mind pears or chunks, but I can’t bear peaches.’” (2014: 137). The blunt repudiation of
Annie destroys the paradigm that sustains the household and the most precious thing
under the roof has been rejected, thereby ripping away a part of Annie’s identity and again
embodying the recurring anxiety. Their existence lacks a solid foundation and is othered
and displaced in the same vein that Wales and Welsh identity has been displaced by the
English, on top of the religious conflict of open dissent.
Dylan was abandoned and now it is Annie’s turn to be abandoned by her
family, realising that she is not even in proper footwear: “Jack and I had stopped talking.
Annie stared down at her gym-shoes. One of the clocks on the mantelpiece coughed, and
struck. Mrs Williams struggled from her chair.” (2014: 137). The scene is humorous in
the way that a farce might elicit laughter by its quick pace and slapstick, but the
undergirding realities of Annie’s experience and the national and cultural dynamic do
lend it to melancholy. After Mrs Williams leaves, the story moves away from Annie and
back to Dylan in a more upbeat and nostalgic picture of boyhood; playing outside, getting
dirty, and causing trouble.
Trouble ensues when the two boys climb up a tree and look down at Gwilym
who is pleasuring himself in the latrine: “Gwilym was sitting on the seat with his trousers
down. He looked small and black. He was reading a book and moving his hands.” (2014:
138). The boys shout at him and he quickly pulls up his trousers and puts away the book.
Innocent and naïve, the boys do not see what Thomas does. Masturbation is gravely sinful
in most Protestant circles and reference is often made to the story of Onan (Genesis 38:910), but there are questions of whether God’s ire is provoked due to a failure on Onan’s
part to fulfil his duty or him spilling his seed on the ground. Westermarck (2013: 365)
87

Markus Finell
expertly presents the very particular Christian view on masturbation by looking at the
draconian Anglo-Saxon Penitentials which influenced later Puritan Christianities in
Britain. Funny as the moment is, Gwilym being literally caught with his trousers down,
he takes it on the chin, understanding that the boys are unaware of his sin. He does not
seem to take it all that seriously either and invites them to chapel after dinner.
Back in Gwilym’s chapel, the terrifying dictatorship of Nonconformist
ministry rears its ugly head a second time, and an almost transcendental experience, which
is part of the attraction, scares Jack. The setting with a primly dressed preacher in the old
barn sets the mood: “Gwilym was no longer my cousin in a Sunday suit, but a tall stranger
shaped like a spade in a cloak, and his voice grew too deep.” (2014: 139). Gwilym carries
on and asks the boys for a confession. He singles out Dylan and implores him to confess
the worst thing he has ever done. Dylan’s reaction is humorous and relatable as he
mentalizes a litany of errors that range from hitting a dog with a stick and stealing books
from the library to Thomas’s trademark debauchery: Dylan tasted his own urine, he and
his friend Dan Jones peeped on the maid taking a bath, and he flashed Jack (2014: 139).
At this moment, the boys are seriously considering the existential dread that only a Welsh
Nonconformist upbringing can conjure in the mind of a child.
Gwilym has broken the seal of confession, and instead of confessing to
Jesus Christ, he has corrupted the sacrament. He has arbitrarily reversed the order of the
more traditional and orthodox forms of practised faith that prescribe confession before
mass. The sermon comes first for Gwilym and confession is reduced to an unnecessary
and cruel exercise of power that reasserts his elevated position. The Catholic catechism
says that cleansing of the soul through confession is a prerequisite for sharing in the
Eucharist during mass (1829: 240). Defiling this anonymous bond is worsened by the fact
that he errs from the Nonconformist tradition which looked more to introspection and
self-improvement. The most important step to take was to confess to Jesus Christ as is
seen during the last surge of Calvinistic Methodism which took place a decade before
Thomas’s birth (Protestant Nonconformist Texts Volume 4, s.v. Document I.4).
After having momentarily switched teams to support Annie against the rich,
Thomas returns to deal with Welsh Nonconformism. It is exactly this abusive and
accusatory aspect of the impassioned, cult-of-personality driven ministry that stifled the
towns and villages across the land. Dylan denies having done anything bad and when he
is ferociously pressed by Gwilym, Jack bursts into tears. The confession is ceased,
88

Markus Finell
perhaps postponed to another time, and the boys make their way back to the house. When
comfortable in bed, Jack and Dylan muster the courage to confess their sins to each other
but it turns competitive and Dylan confesses to the crime, rather than the sin, of killing a
man. When he is doubted, he ironically defends his statement: “‘Honest to Christ, I shot
him through the heart.’” (2014: 140). They fall into the trap of gossip and taking the
Lord’s name in vain, and Dylan recalls how he once found Gwilym’s love poems.
Gwilym had, at a later stage, replaced the names with God, showing further anxiety
common to embarrassed poets who adjust themselves according to their readership and
present a more lucrative side. The Nonconformist scheme is revealed as being just as
greedy and desperate to fill the void in people’s lives as any irreligious organisation. It is
just another distraction.
The boys’ adventure is about to come to an abrupt and premature end, as
Uncle Jim, once again inebriated, straggles in at midnight. He is met by Annie and the
boys listen to the ensuing argument. The Nonconformist spirit is awakened and embodied
in the devilish Jim when he finds out that Mrs Williams did not pay the thirty shillings
that she would give to the family as a token of appreciation for allowing her son to stay
at the farm for a fortnight. Jim’s anger is complete and the malevolent side of Welsh
Nonconformism shares in the humiliation of Annie: “‘I’ll give her peaches! Peaches,
peaches! Who does she think she is? Aren’t peaches good enough for her? To hell with
her bloody motor car and her bloody son! Making us small!’” (2014: 141). An
increasingly distraught Jack listens to Jim’s threats and says he will send for his mother.
He does not wish to stay for the full duration and is being chased back by a classconscious Welsh Nonconformism.
The next day, Jack writes back home and refuses to talk to Dylan as they
play outside but apart from each other. Dylan tries to build rapport but is ignored. Finally,
Mrs Williams reappears, and Annie must face another humiliation. Jack creates his own,
dubious, narrative of what happened to him on the farm. Mrs Williams remains seated in
the car and Jack joins her as the chauffeur grabs Jack’s luggage (2014: 142). As they drive
off, Dylan runs out to wave but stops and symbolically waves his handkerchief when he
realises that the world of his aunt and uncle and his own world, where he can play with
rich kids like Jack, cannot coexist. Another abandonment takes place as a part of him
leaves, the return journey of Welsh literature going in opposite directions: Dylan returns
to his roots and the roots of Welshness in rural Nonconformist Wales where part of him
89

Markus Finell
will remain forever, but the sophisticated and sensitive storyteller is driving back to the
liberating Eden of imagination, the Abercuawg of his heart’s desires.
Subtlety is perhaps the most interesting aspect of Thomas’s critique in this
story, and his use of threes constructs a fascinating dynamic that allows all characters to
perform the ideology that they have been, to some extent, steeped in. For the young Dylan,
this is a world that he only inhabits at times, and he remains ignorant of certain elements
that appear throughout. Thomas continually contradicts himself, theologically speaking,
by using various conceptions of God, but the role of religion and the culture it spawns in
a Wales shedding a dying Nonconformism almost acts as a triumphal revisiting of his
childhood. The chaos of the household echoes the uncertainty of religious belief and
confusion that accompanies our attempts at understanding God’s nature and our
relationship with Him. The earlier points, describing Thomas as an intellectually
uninteresting and conflicted individual, gives credence to a further point: There is no use
in establishing any sense of positive religious belief in Dylan Thomas. He allows certain
attitudes to come to the fore, but what is made clear in these analyses, is that he mainly
seeks to ridicule a long-gone ideology.

90

Markus Finell
9. Discussion and Conclusions
The richness of Thomas’s constructions, which does not come entirely from his own
mind, craves a close reading and the stories work off each other with varying weight on
theme, structure, and style. The challenge to not read too much into every slight hint at
religiosity is difficult to overcome due to this richness but the various connections to both
religion and Welshness in literature make the framework effective. The successful use of
Welsh Nonconformism as a technical term for an overarching ideology is especially
potent in an interpretative sense, distinguishing it from prevalent categories and being fit
for future use. It becomes increasingly clear that authorship, time, innocence, sex,
sexuality, family, home, class, and structural inconsistencies are all essential elements in
the stories. His writing can and should be scrutinized further, but the emphasis should be
on detail and reference instead of wasting valuable time to establish some sort of uniform
image of Thomas. Such narratives have their adherents and they should, of course, be
able to compete based on their legitimacy of biographical scholarship in contextualising
the literature.
Attempts to conclude that Thomas was a religious poet, an antitheist poet,
a pantheistic poet, or disinterested agnostic are vain at best and miss the mark due to the
myriad contradictions explained in the analysis. What Thomas represents is descriptive
and only prescriptive in whatever sense it might be deemed inescapable. There is no
preaching or propaganda, only a glaringly intimate, romantic exploration of the human
condition. Therefore, specificity is needed more now than ever. What does Thomas have
to say about x? How does he represent y? Depending on the topic, he might be placed in
the school of the existentialists, idealists or perhaps even nihilists, but it is safe to say that
he would not willingly stand with any of these factions. The postmodernist techniques
and oscillation between realism and surrealism both between and within his stories signify
primarily a love for the language and the art, a curiosity, and deep respect for the
profession that he was introduced to at a young age.
Specificity could have been a greater part of the analysis in showing what
kind of imagery Thomas uses at which moment of the story, drawing more heavily from
sources like Kidder (1973) and transferring a potent classification. It is clear though, that
the thematic takes by especially M. Wynn Thomas (2010), Pratt (1970), and Mayer
(1996), proved to work well in conjunction with the framework of an all-encompassing
Welsh Nonconformism as they all touched on certain aspects of the socio-culturally
91

Markus Finell
Welsh that can be directly tied to the religious elements. The scholarship of Peach (1988)
and Moynihan (1968) was occasionally poignant and aided this thesis in developing a
novel vocabulary for describing certain phenomena. Hopefully, the short stories, and
specifically the earlier ones, will receive more attention in the future, giving rise to new
and innovative readings of Thomas’s lesser-known texts.
Working with the three stories in this thesis proved to be a surprising
experience as to the depth of construction and interconnectivity of thought and essence in
the texts. These can be extrapolated further, touching on the same points using a wholly
different theoretical framework than the historical Welsh Nonconformist one, retaining
modest biographical contextualization as can be seen in the example on race and racism
in “The Peaches”. The possibility of forming narratively and stylistically cohesive
clusters of the early stories would perhaps give rise to distinctive forms of Welsh
Nonconformism that are expressed in different ways. The puzzle that the early stories
present could be laid out as a new mapping of the short stories and build on this initial
attempt to perform a more comprehensive historical and theologically bound analysis.
It is precisely the historical slant, theological diversity, and use of the Bible
that helps in uncovering the dynamic inherent in Thomas’s stories. Eventually, they
unravel and display the sources of inspiration and influences on Thomas’s thinking and
language. The stories, ethics, rituals, and customs of biblical and chapel-bound
Protestantism are not only unique among world religions in their ethics as they relate to
economics but also stand alone in their impact on social attitudes in a western context.
Due to the plurality of British and Welsh Nonconformism, it is easy to pick and choose
from the massive body of materials and multiple consequential theologians in finding
those connections that do not immediately come to mind after or during a first or even
second reading. Picking one Nonconformist tradition or theologian and reading any text
with clear correlation on values and metaphysics would be a specialised project of value.
Seeing how socialisation, Welsh culture, and Christianity tie together with
the literature, legitimizes the view that culture and religion are inextricably linked in the
process of re-enactment, and the question of what is purely cultural, or religious, or both,
and to what extent, is almost impossible to answer without conducting an interdisciplinary
study of greater magnitude. Setting up clear philosophical notions to undergird the
theology and ultimately define culture and religion in order to map out the relationship
between them is another viable research project. Welshness is manifest in the
92

Markus Finell
Protestantism of the time throughout the land, in both a physical and nationalistic sense.
It makes itself known in the plight and ambitions of the people concerning class, race,
gender, and sexuality, and in the language of home and chapel. So it is, that some of the
aspects of Thomas’s work that defined his career are inextricably linked to this
framework.
Thomas represents Welsh Nonconformism through many religious aspects
and from varying perspectives. As is seen in “The Tree” and “The Peaches” he shows the
side of organized religion that speaks to him the most, namely, authorship. He does not
agree with the narrative outside of lived experience but shows a respect for the drama
which entertains and excites in alleviating the drabness of Puritanism. He writes pieces
that allow the characters in the recently mentioned stories, and especially, the gardener in
“The Tree” to go off the reservation and remake the archetypes and wisdom of the Bible
in new and localised contexts. Even though religion can hinder artistic process it also
harnesses the potential of lyrical talent and shows the power of words; in this case, the
Word. It is this nuance that partly falsifies the initial hypothesis that predicts a wholly
negative representation and modifies the theological and cultural reading of these short
stories, which could be expanded to other stories and may present new elements.
The danger of storytelling in Welsh Nonconformism appears when the
creativity goes too far on issues of actuality. As mentioned above, that is not to say that
the texts are apprehensive about serious belief in the supernatural, but only points to what
can happen when cynical imagination paired with even more cynical sophistry turns to
reactionary modes of interpretation; a strong parallel to our current political climate. The
dictatorships of households and chapels extend to the wider community and sow the
discord that halts a genuine flow of consciousness as seen with the patrons of The Pure
Drop in “The Peaches”. Leaving aside the theology and focusing on the purely political
could yield another fascinating take.
Social conditioning of the Nonconformist kind seems to lead to cognitive
dissonance stemming from self-perceived hypocrisy. Cultures that isolate and hedge their
bets on a simplistic worldview may fall into modes of obfuscation, whereby individuals
can rise to power on a platform of illiberal attitudes. Today, this phenomenon occurs with
climate anxiety, and people’s actions not corresponding with the values of a broader
agenda stemming from ideology and communications (Clayton & Karazsia 2020, Brick
& Sherman 2014, Nail, Schemeil & Marie 2017). Isolationist thinking and stifled
93

Markus Finell
cognition could, for instance, lead to resistance against policy change and global
cooperation (Obydenkova & Salahodjaev 2017). Thomas gives us a timeless example
from the lived experiences of himself and previous generations, showcasing the
psychology of ideologized repression in characters like Rhys Rhys’s daughter or Aunt
Annie.
Nationalism and isolationism are seemingly abhorrent to Thomas and the
emphasis on trees, flesh, the harvest, and power, speak to a superstitious identitarianism
in a nominally anticolonial sectarianism. It might be initially liberating in its structures
and progressive on theological matters but fails due to a complete lack of cognitive tools
in the rural population. Like Caradoc Evans, Thomas has echoed the Blue Books Report
and unveiled the inability of the Welsh to apply the Nonconformist theologies as they
were written. They fail to adapt to a new democratized and socially inclusive principle
geared less towards dogma and more towards spiritual health and material wellbeing on
a global scale. This mirrors the perhaps insincere revolutionary politics that Thomas
acquainted himself with. It is again, not a sophisticated manifesto that Thomas presents,
but an awareness of the discontents that were growing in poorer communities at the time.
These would have been growing before, during, and after the industrial revolution. The
working-class strand that has partly defined Welsh Nonconformism and the resulting
literature fail to properly address the capitalistic Protestant ethic laid out by Weber (2003).
In viewing “The Tree” through a Welsh Nonconformist lens, an otherwise
unnoticed triangular shape from Thomas’s letters could be ascertained as linking the
characters together through the doctrine of the Trinity. The gardener speaking actuality
into reality within the confines of spacetime while existing within that continuum himself
shows a mythologized and temporal Welsh Nonconformism taking on the Christian
narrative, moving the faith into communion with ancient Roman and Greek religion, as
well as Norse mythology. The beggar as Christ is obvious on its own but the concentration
of the holy spirit in the boy, giving an outlet to the ecstasy and superstitious fears that fill
the community, provides an entirely new angle to the story. Thomas’s obsession with
groupings of three and triangles could be explored further in his other works, focusing on
Christianity’s central concepts along lines of theistic personalism.
In “The Burning Baby”, the Nonconformist elements were somewhat
obscured by what is most accurately described as occultism. The Christianity of chapel
and preacher goes through a violent transformation fuelled by lust. Connecting the land
94

Markus Finell
with human flesh and channelling these heresies through a dysfunctional and morally
reprehensible family dynamic allows Thomas to represent Welsh Nonconformism at its
absolute worst, without showing much sympathy for the involved. The deeply disturbing
relationships and psychologically complex characterizations fill the story, and more
questions than answers will eventually be raised as to what the daughter and the boy
signify by their responses and behaviour apart from the trap of socialisation and reenactment. An analysis of this story solely from the children’s perspectives would shed
even more light on the theological discussion of family, obedience, and morality.
“The Peaches” gives the most balanced take on Welsh Nonconformism with
its realism and autobiographical structure framing the story. It gives room for detailed
descriptions of the environment, a lived-in space, and allows the reader to relate to the
characters. Dylan, Annie, Jim, Gwilym, Jack, and Mrs Williams all have intimate defining
moments and all serve an important role in conveying the image of rural life and the
collision between old and new. The comedic elements and emphasis on childhood
anxieties make for an all-encompassing experience that delivers different messages
without ambient stressing of social or political issues. Without the inclusion of this text,
a large and highly relevant chunk of Thomas’s short stories could not have been included
in the overarching narrative of his works. That narrative is multifaceted, but the dissenting
Protestant tradition and the culture that stemmed from it is superimposed on all pages and
moves in and out of focus as new topics are brought into the fray.
Welsh Nonconformism is explicitly and implicitly incorporated by Thomas
in order to comment more widely on the adverse effects of its stranglehold on Wales. It
is not the main inspiration for his prose, but infuses the stories with meaning and purpose,
moving it away from purely experimental writing leaning too heavily on style over
substance. The relationship between positive and negative representations does not
establish a complete equilibrium and focuses primarily on satire and serious artistic
denunciations of his own background and the sickness in the Welsh soul at the time.
Ideologies are necessary and organic components which are influenced by active and
aware participation in the socialising process, and it is this interference which inevitably
leads to more dangerous forms taking root and starting the automated cycle of ignorance
and oppression. Thomas is clearly conscious of this phenomenon but does not take any
steps to provide solutions; Welsh Nonconformism simply being an easy target that he
understands at a personal and emotional level. Being able to point out these instinctual
95

Markus Finell
reactions has been done in this thesis without significant statements about Thomas’s
theology.
Christianity and religion are not condemned outright, but Thomas takes
every opportunity to shock readers and play to the choir on typically superstitious or
hypocritical tendencies in those proclaiming to be God-fearing. He does not shy away
from being profane and entertaining through shock, and mainly resorts to easy tricks
without being able to mount a defence for an antithetical or meaningfully different
worldview. No purpose of active ideology, as opposed to the passive and inherited
ideology initiated by conscious influences, drives the creation of these stories. There is
not enough material in these three stories to warrant any claim regarding Thomas’s stance
on organized religions themselves of any kind, such a study being of particular interest
drawing from multiple sources in going through his bibliography. The playfulness and
levity are constant, even though the themes might be dark and events disturbing. Auxiliary
assertions can thus not be vindicated, but Thomas does show with Rhys Rhys in “The
Burning Baby”, that men are made to believe in their own purpose by an environment
emanating ideology, thereby feeding their immorality or insanity.
Thomas’s religious imagery takes many shapes and the Welsh
Nonconformism of his people is utilized for both comedy and horror. More importantly,
it allows Thomas to put to the reader, with searing relatability, the corruptibility of man.
He consigns the Welsh to a historically rooted position where they are specifically at risk
of developing a barren morality. It is not a matter of self-hate, but love of self, that
motivates Thomas who brings this predicament to the surface to save the Welsh soul from
itself, a truly religious purpose on some level. As we see, he relates to even the worst of
the characters and often postulates and fantasises about the peculiarities of life from a
purely Nonconformist perspective. This is not an attack on religion as such but a diverse
set of representations that exhibit Welsh Nonconformism for what it is: a very particular
socio-cultural phenomenon that he shares many interests and ambitions with, but that is
ultimately driven into the ground by a broken people. Without defining God and morality
or making any ontological assertions, Thomas shows a deep-running spirituality that
justifies him in his critique of the unjustifiable; he might just be sane in a mad world.

96

Markus Finell
Swedish Summary / Svensk Sammanfattning

Rättfärdigad synd
Walesisk frikyrkokultur i tre av Dylan Thomas noveller

Walesaren Dylan Thomas är en av de mest uppskattade och mytomspunna författarna
inom engelskspråkig litteratur och är mest känd för sina innovativa dikter. Under sin
relativt korta karriär så lyckades han behandla kontroversiella ämnen med stor
självsäkerhet. Bland de mest framstående teman i hans samlingar så kan man läsa om
Gud, sexualitet och dödlighet vilket självklart lockar publik (Ackerman 1991). Tyvärr så
har hans noveller fallit ur minnet, eller snarare, aldrig fastnat i minnet och åtnjuter inte
samma beundran som det definierande verket ”Do not go gentle into that good night” och
skådespelet Under Milk Wood. Det är viktigt att utvidga forskningen av dessa texter då
detaljerade tematiska tolkningar av novellerna skiner med sin frånvaro. De tidigare
berättelserna påvisar en stark koppling till en annan walesisk författare, Caradoc Evans,
som orsakade stora rubriker med sin egen novellsamling My People (1915). Denna
prosavolym visade en högst kritisk bild av den nationalistiska och bakvända kultur som
uppstod i Wales efter frikyrkornas framfart i slutet av 1700-talet.
I en allt mer global och interkulturell värld där vissa populistiska och
nationalistiska rörelser talar för ett mer isolerande förhållningssätt till omvärlden så är det
särskilt relevant att analysera berättelser som innehåller likadana fenomen. För att göra
detta så har jag valt ut tre av Thomas noveller: ”The Tree”, ”The Burning Baby” och ”The
Peaches”. Dessa texter representerar variationen i stil och substans över tid och kritiserar
den walesiska frikyrkokulturen från olika perspektiv. Termen Welsh Nonconformism,
’Walesisk frikyrkokultur’, kommer etableras som en nydanande teknisk term för att
identifiera denna underliggande ideologi vars socialiserande effekter korrumperar och
förstör.
Utförandet

av

den

historiskt

kontextualiserade,

teologiska

och

sociokulturella närläsningen kommer att understödas av Oxfords standardiserade King
James-bibel från år 1769, vilket var en moderniserad version av originalet från 1611 och
som enligt Knoppers (2011: 48) fick officiell status i England och Wales år 1622. Jeffrey
(2009: 188) visar vilken enorm inverkan den hade på författare före, under och efter
97

Markus Finell
Thomas livstid. Förutom en detaljerad läsning av novellerna med hänvisning till bibeln
så kommer andra teologiska skrifter och relevanta frikyrkliga texter från 1700-talet fram
till tidigt 1900-tal att hänvisas till.
Hypotesen i denna avhandling föreslår att Thomas representerar walesisk
frikyrkokultur som en korrupt och hierarkisk realitet där synd rättfärdigas av karaktärerna
genom att förlita sig på deras tro och det religiösa etablissemanget. Forskningsfrågan
lyder: hur representerar Dylan Thomas walesisk frikyrkokultur i ”The Tree”, ”The
Burning Baby” och ”The Peaches”, och vad är dess roll i narrativet? Som sagt så har
Thomas noveller till stor del undvikits och den forskning som bidragit till en skarpare
förståelse av dem har inte tagit den djupdykning som krävs för en mera omfattande analys.
M. Wynn Thomas (2010), Pratt (1970), Peach (1988), Mayer (1996) och Moynihan
(1968) har alla skrivit utförliga undersökningar av prosatexterna som helhet, men fokus
på detaljrikedomen och användandet av en specifik metodologi som baserar sig på teologi
och kulturbundna fenomen bidrar förhoppningsvis med en nytänkande och konsekvent
prövning. Detta kastar förhoppningsvis nytt ljus över detta underskattade material.

Dylan Thomas och oliktänkande
Dylan Thomas föddes år 1914 i Swansea, södra Wales och dog i New York, USA, år
1953 (Davies 2014). Hans uppväxt var relativt bekväm och omgivningen var av högre
social klass med en far som var lärare i engelska (Ferris 2017). Redan från en tidig ålder
så kom den unge Dylan i kontakt med engelsk litteratur och hans föräldrar undvek
medvetet att överföra en walesisk accent. Enligt Lycett (2005) så var Thomas far
icketroende trots att han gifte sig med Dylans mor i en kongregationalistisk kyrka då både
släkt och vänner fortfarande hörde till Swanseas och närområdets, för regionen, ovanligt
energiska frikyrkor.
Det existerar många narrativ som konstruerats i ett försök att definiera
Thomas som poet och människa vilka oftast misslyckas med att skapa en sanningsenlig
helhetsbild. Brinnin (1955) var en god vän till Thomas och följde med honom på sina
arbetsrelaterade resor i framförallt Amerika. Dokumentationen av dessa utflykter bjuder
på en svårläst och motsägelsefull karakterisering av Thomas som visar både en
antiintellektuell, visst puritansk sida och en antiauktoritär, ansvarslös älskare av alkohol
och kvinnor. Utan att låta sig lockas av de mera fristående och romantiska
98

Markus Finell
historieskrivningarna, så konstaterar både Ackerman (1996) och Kidder (1973) att
Thomas var en religiös författare utan kyrklig tillhörighet eller seriös teologisk insikt.
Thomas unika stil och korta brinntid är bara delar av en mycket komplex personlighet
som modigt tog sig an Gud och religion med varierande resultat.

De walesiska frikyrkorna
Davies (1987) och Charles-Edwards (2013) berättar utförligt om Wales historia, en
historia som växlade mellan krig och fred i ett komplicerat förhållande med grannen
England. Den politiska aspekten påverkade nationens identitet och förhållande till
religion vilket kom att utgöra en unik del av brittisk historia. Katolicismen tog rot på
öarna efter att tron slagit rot i Irland och de keltiska influenserna tvingades till slut att
sluta samman med Canterbury i öst (Williams 1976). När England under kung Henry VIII
till slut bröt med Rom så tog den imperialistiska anglikanska kyrkan position som den
mest dominanta religiösa och till viss del politiska institutionen i landet.
Under 1700-talet så blev de protestantiska teologernas inflytande allt större
och olika former av religiöst oliktänkande växte fram då predikanterna Harris, Rowland,
William Williams, Wesley och Whitefield vidareutvecklade Calvins teologi i nya
metodistiska uttryck (Jones 2015, Maddock 2012). Mest framgångsrik blev den
kalvinistiska metodismen, men kongregationalism, unitarism, baptism, och mindre
trossamfund hade också ett visst inflytande på kulturen i Wales, främst genom
mellanklassen, då den fyllde det tomrum som lämnades av den anglikanska kyrkan vars
närvaro i Wales var allvarligt undernärd (Davies 1993, Jones 2014). Ute på landsbygden
så drevs den kyrkliga verksamheten med en nationalism, ritualism och vidskeplighet som
syns i Thomas noveller och formade landets självbild.

Religion och walesisk identitet i skönlitteratur
Religion kan tjäna många syften inom litteratur och dess roll är underskattad i moderna
litterära teorier. Wilder (1958) visar hur vissa texter kräver läsning med vetskap om till
exempel den underliggande teologiska och exegetiska bas som kan ge upphov till detaljer
och referenser vilka i sin tur kan identifiera mening och stil. Religiositet är självklart inte
ett krav för att förstå och uppskatta texter med religiösa inslag, men kunskap om till
99

Markus Finell
exempel kristendomens historia och bibeln kan vara avgörande. Jasper (2011: 5) förklarar
hur religion transformeras av litteratur till något banbrytande som svarar på livets stora
frågor. Douglas (1977) och Gaston (2017) visar hur skickliga författare kan representera
religion och religiositet på mångfacetterade och sofistikerade sätt med tyngdpunkt på
karaktärerna. Knight och Mason (2006) pekar i sin tur ut hur pedagogik kan appliceras
för att förespråka en viss trosuppfattning eller varna om ondska och synd. De vackra
sinnebilderna, dramatiska ceremonierna och djupa filosofiska frågeställningarna är del av
en rik kulturell och intellektuell tradition som ter sig effektivt i både poesi och prosa.
Denna avhandling hanterar främst kritik, och positiva liksom negativa synpunkter om
religion tar båda plats i den skönlitterära dialektiken.
Walesisk identitet å sin sida, representeras ofta i skönlitteratur som en
antikolonial eller postkolonial företeelse. Bohata (2004) specificerar förhållandet mellan
vad som är walesiskt och det som är engelskt vilket i sig kommer från naturliga
psykologiska processer. För att skapa en legitim självbild så krävs definierandet av den
andre vilket oundvikligen leder till viss konflikt. Den engelskspråkiga litteraturen om
Wales och walesarna har varit delvis imperialistisk men målar ibland upp en romantiserad
bild av ett ödmjukt, hårt arbetande folk. Gramich (2019) ger fina exempel på denna
gammalmodiga vision som kan jämföras med de självkritiska narrativ som Niall Griffiths
i Sheepshagger (2001) och den redan nämnda Caradoc Evans skapade. Exotiska och
säregna uppfattningar inkluderande det walesiska språket, bergiga landskap, ängar
kryllande av vita får och mystiska idyller hör alla till den walesiska traditionen som
påverkats både utifrån och inom de egna leden. För att förstå hur just den walesiska
frikyrkokulturen har lyckats bli så inflytelserik och historiskt betydelsefull så krävs den
kulturella kontext som inverkar på teologin och skapar en dynamisk helhet genom att
binda samman land och värderingar.

”The Tree”
I denna berättelse så experimenterar Thomas med surrealism och återberättar Jesu
korsfästning i ett walesiskt sammanhang (2014: 5–11). En trädgårdsmästare återberättar
bibliska historier åt en ung pojke i en dal omgiven av höga träd med ett ståtligt torn
positionerad vid ett gammalt skjul. Berättelserna visar karaktärernas perspektiv på en
strikt kristen betydelse som utarbetas genom folkliga sagor i en nationalistisk mytologi
100

Markus Finell
som kretsar kring marken och de träd som växer ur grunden. Hänvisningar till
gammaltestamentlig kristendom, judendom, och till och med islam, bygger den scen på
vilket karaktärerna kan framföra sin egen tolkning av walesisk frikyrkokultur.
Trädgårdsmästarens egenartade version av de gudomliga tar sig uttryck genom
karaktärerna och fungerar som en representation av de irrationella och emotionella
frikyrkliga rörelser som dominerade ute på landsbygden.
En tiggande dåre vandrar över kullarna och tar sig ner till dalen där han möts
av den unga pojken som nyligen har bett till ett träd och sett till sin stora besvikelse att
rummet uppe i tornet som trädgårdsmästaren lovade att visa honom var tomt. Pojken
korsfäster dåren på det mystiska trädet då Thomas avslutar med att visa silverspikar i
barnets hand. Där experterna väljer att fokusera på druidismen, keltisk mytologi, och
korsfästelsen som en ilsken reaktion på det uppstådda religiösa tomrummet, så ger en
biblisk och frikyrklig tolkning konturerna av ett triangulärt mönster. Treenigheten
representeras genom trädgårdsmästarens ord av vilka verklighet skapas, dårens
förvandling till en walesisk Jesus, och pojkens utbrott som den helige anden. Det
feltolkade narrativet och sanslösa våldet är en tydlig kritik av de lokala frikyrkor som
förlitade sig på enskilda agendor vilka styrde det religiösa uttrycket.

”The Burning Baby”
Den andra novellen baserar sig på en sann historia som Thomas enligt M. Wynn Thomas
(2014: 38) fick höra på en resa till Aberystwyth. Den excentriske prästen William Price
brände sin son, vid namn Iesu Grist, vars mor var årtionden yngre än Price, på bål inför
allmänheten. Thomas bestämde sig för att skriva sin egen version av sanningen med hjälp
av gotik och skräck. Den fiktiva fattningen ersätter Price med predikanten Rhys Rhys som
våldtar och befruktar sin dotter (2014: 36–41). Utan att ignorera de mystiska elementen
så förflyttar sig Thomas till en mera realistisk sfär, där de biologiska drivkrafterna och
mentala störningar leder till beteenden som är förkastliga men som fortfarande kan lindras
med frikyrkliga medel. Rhys är besatt av lust och tankarna vandrar ständigt till
människokroppen, skörden, och fruktsamhet. Dottern är förvånansvärt bekväm med
situationen vilket delvis beror på Thomas få och begränsade beskrivningar av flickans
sinnestillstånd med svaga leenden och sensuella signaler. Frikyrkokulturen socialiserande
effekt är ändå av uppenbart stor vikt i förtrycket av den unga flickan.
101

Markus Finell
Hierarkin är omöjlig att bryta igenom och byborna som samlas i kyrkan på
sabbaten märker inte av ondskan som Rhys bär på. Den försummade sonen som han kallar
changeling, ’bortbyting’, symboliserar den närvarande ondskan genom att bära runt på
döda djur och samla dödskallar i sitt rum. Sonen står som motsats för att balansera
maktförhållandet där den onda häxan Llareggub, som vid ett tidigare tillfälle försökt
förföra den oskyldige pojken, för tillfället regerar. De onda krafterna segrar till slut då
dottern föder en son, en walesisk frikyrklig antikrist som kort efter födseln dör och vars
liv tar formen av demoner som kretsar kring Rhys och den döende flickan. I en närmast
ockult ceremoni så bränner fadern barnet med ett leende på läpparna och lämnar över sin
synd till de frikyrkliga religiösa krafterna i Wales vilka ger upphov till och fortsätter att
bibehålla en ondskefull och diktatorisk hierarki rotad i ett obestridligt ämbete.

”The Peaches”
Denna novell från samlingen Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog är en självbiografisk
text om Thomas somrar på hans mosters gård Fernhill (Davies 2014: 9).
Barndomsminnena är detaljerade och fyllda med både hopp och en ängslighet som
förföljer den unge Dylan genom texten. Mosterns man Jim är en alkoholist som slösar
bort familjens resurser i den lokala puben och stapplar vanligtvis hem vid midnatt efter
aktiviteter som torde ifrågasättas i ett normalt kristet hushåll. Thomas utforskar komedi
med god utväxling och lyckas peka ut frikyrkliga attityder och hyckleri på ett nyanserat
och fräscht sätt (2014: 127–142). Moster Annie är här utsatt i ett patriarkalt hem där
mannens sociala position i familjen är cementerad men där hans otillräcklighet och
inkompetens väger ner den välmenande och flitiga kvinnan.
Pratt (1970: 151) är korrekt i sin slutsats om att Annies identitet är bunden
till hennes ägodelar. Ett av dessa föremål är en dammig låsbesatt bibel som betecknar den
troendes villighet att visa sin religiositet utan att undersöka innehållet. Peach (1988: 35)
identifierar med precision hur några av de andra objekten i huset är av en tydligt sexuell
natur vilket visar en ännu mera motsägelsefull realitet. Då Dylans gode vän Jack, som är
uppväxt i en välbärgad familj med bil och betjänter, kommer på besök, så byter Thomas
sida och står tillsammans med den frikyrkliga underklassen emot den arroganta
överklassen. I kaoset som följer så får pojkarna lyssna på Dylans moraliskt och etiskt
tvetydiga kusin Gwilym som självsäkert predikar för barnen och försöker pressa fram en
102

Markus Finell
bekännelse från Dylan i hans provisoriska kapell, ett gammalt skjul längst bort på gården.
När Jim kommer hem, tydligt berusad, och får reda på att Jacks mor Mrs. Williams inte
gett pengar för de två veckorna som pojken ska spendera på gården så får han ett utbrott
som skrämmer bort Jack. När modern hämtar sin upprörda son så inser Dylan och
författaren Thomas att dessa två världar inte kan existera tillsammans och en splittring
mellan nytt och gammalt uppstår.

Slutsatser
Den ursprungliga hypotesen blir delvis falsifierad av denna analys som tyder på att
Thomas representerar den walesiska frikyrkokulturen på ett relativt balanserat sätt genom
att lyfta fram de godhjärtade aspekterna av en kreativ sociokulturell sammanhållning.
Balansen är ändå inte fullständig, då de ännu mer framstående korrumperande krafter vars
källa kan hittas i de personifierade och irrationella teologierna som växte ut ur det
akademiska regelverket definierar den walesiska frikyrkokulturens sanna manifestation.
Termen walesisk frikyrkokultur tjänar sin funktion genom att inte bara ta hänsyn till de
legalistiska och teologiska aspekterna, utan fäster tyngdpunkten vid den ideologi som
fängslade de lantliga trossamfunden.
De bibliska referenserna och tematiska strukturerna skulle även kunna
dekonstrueras ur ett enskilt teologiskt perspektiv, till exempel Wesleys antikalvinistiska
metodism eller Whitefields motsatta teologi. Likaså kan de uttydas genom andra specifika
teorier, då könsroller, sexualitet och klassrelationer är allmänt förekommande i
berättelserna. Mångsidiga källor från tre århundranden och senare tolkningar av helig
skrift och kristen filosofi har alla bidragit till en analys som innehåller nya tolkningar av
den idérikedom som utan tvekan är resultatet av en andlighet vilket kanske inte är religiöst
inspirerad i det mest strikta anseendet men som rättfärdigar Thomas i hans kritik av det
oacceptabla i sin barndoms och sina förfäders tro.

103

Markus Finell
References

Ackerman, John. 1991. A Dylan Thomas Companion. London: Palgrave Macmillan.

Ackerman, John. 1996. Dylan Thomas: His Life and Work. London: Macmillan.

Alpers, Paul. 1997. What is Pastoral?. Chicago: Chicago University Press.

Barton, John. 2012. The Theology of the Book of Amos. Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press.

Bebbington, David W. 2005. Evangelicalism in Modern Britain: A History from the
1730s to the 1980s. London: Routledge.

Bebbington, David W. 2012. The Nonconformist Conscience: Chapel and Politics,
1870–1914. 1st ed. London: Routledge.

Bebbington, David W. 2011. Victorian Nonconformity. Eugene: Cascade Books.

Bebbington, David, Kenneth Dix & Alan Ruston. 2015. Protestant Nonconformist Texts
Volume 3: The Nineteenth Century. Eugene: Wipf and Stock Publishers.

Bednarski, Alexander, Paweł Tomasz Czerniak & Maciej Czerniakowski (eds.). 2015.
New Perspectives in Celtic Studies. Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing.

Bednarski, Aleksander. 2012. “Wales in a Mirror: Welsh Social and Cultural Issues in
Niall Griffith’s Sheepshagger”. In Regina Rudaitytė (ed.). Literature in Society.
Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing: 111-124.

Bell, Colin. 2000. Middle Class Families: Social and Geographical Mobility. London:
Routledge.

Berkove, Lawrence I. & Joseph Csicsila. 2010. Heretical Fictions: Religion in the
Literature of Mark Twain. Iowa City: Iowa University Press.

104

Markus Finell
Bloom, Harold. 2011. The Shadow of a Great Rock: A Literary Appreciation of the King
James Bible. New Haven: Yale University Press.

Bohata, Kirsti. 2004. Postcolonialism Revisited: Writing Wales in English. Cardiff:
University of Wales Press.

Boling, Roland J. 2000. “Anglo-Welsh Relations in Cymbeline”. Shakespeare
Quarterly 51(1): 33-66.

Bowen, W. Richard. 2018. “‘And Here We Are!’: Science and Meaning in the Poetry of
Anne Cluysenaar”. International Journal of Welsh Writing in English 5(1). DOI:
10.16995/ijwwe.5.1 [21 March, 2020]

Bradshaw, Brendan. 1996. “The Tudor Reformation and Revolution in Wales and
Ireland: the Origins of the British Problem”. In Brendan Bradshaw & John Morrill. The
British Problem, c. 1534–1707: State Formation in the Atlantic Archipelago. New
York: St. Martin’s Press: 39-65.

Bremer, Francis J. & Tom Webster (eds.). 2006. Puritans and Puritanism in Europe
and America: A Comprehensive Encyclopedia. Santa Barbara: ABC-CLIO.

Brinnin, John Malcolm. 1955. Dylan Thomas in America. Boston: Little, Brown and
Company.

Brown, Heloise. 2003. ‘The Truest Form of Patriotism’: Pacifist Feminism in Britain,
1870–1902. Manchester: Manchester University Press.

Brown, Kenneth Douglas. 1988. A Social History of the Nonconformist Ministry in
England and Wales 1800-1930. Oxford: Clarendon Press.

Brown, Raymond. 2012. Spirituality in Adversity: English Nonconformity in a Period of
Repression, 1660-1689. Milton Keynes: Paternoster.

Buckland, Rosalynd. 2018. “Pain, Piety and Politics: Welsh Mining Communities in
Pre-First World War Fiction”. International Journal of Welsh Writing in English 5(1).
DOI: 10.16995/ijwwe.5.2 [21 March, 2020]

105

Markus Finell
Calvin, John. 1846. Institutes of the Christian Religion. Edinburgh: Calvin Translation
Society. [Translated from Latin by Henry Beveridge]

Campbell, Gordon. 2007. John Milton. Oxford: Oxford University Press.

Cartwright, Jane. 2013. Mary Magdalene and Her Sister Martha: An Edition and
Translation of the Medieval Welsh Lives. Washington D. C.: The Catholic University of
America Press.

Chambers, Paul. 2003. “Social Networks and Personal Identity: An Historical Example
from Wales”. In Grace Davie, Paul Heelas & Linda Woodhead (eds.). Predicting
Religion: Christian, Secular and Alternative Futures. London: Routledge: 74-85.

Chambers, Paul & Andrew Thompson. 2005a. “Coming to Terms with the Past:
Religion and Identity in Wales”. Social Compass 52(3): 337–352.

Chambers, Paul & Andrew Thompson. 2005b. “Public Religion and Political Change in
Wales”. Sociology 39(1): 29-46.

Chapman, T. Robin. 2017. “‘For those who do not know’: The Translation,
Transmission and Reception of Saunders Lewis in English”. International Journal of
Welsh Writing in English 4(1). DOI: 10.16995/ijwwe.4.1 [21 March, 2020]

Charles-Edwards, T. M. 2013. Wales and the Britons, 350-1064. Oxford: Oxford
University Press.

Christie, William. 2014. Dylan Thomas: A Literary Life. New York: Palgrave
Macmillan.

Christie, William. 2019. “The Poetry Revolution: Dylan Thomas and His Circle”. In
Evans & Fulton (eds.): 468-488.

Christoyannopolus, Alexandre. 2010. Christian Anarchism: A Political Commentary on
the Gospel. Exeter: Imprint Academic.

Clayton, Susan & Bryan T.Karazsia. 2020. “Development and validation of a measure
of climate change anxiety”. Journal of Environmental Psychology 69: 101434.
106

Markus Finell
Coleman, Heather J. (ed.). 2014. Orthodox Christianity in Imperial Russia: A Source
Book on Lived Religion. Bloomington & Indianapolis: Indiana University Press.

Collins, Michael J. 1989. “Recovering a Tradition: Anglo-Welsh Poetry 1480-1980”.
World Literature Today 63(1): 55-59.

Curtice, John, Elizabeth Clery, Jane Perry, Miranda Phillips & Nilufer Rahim. 2019.
British Social Attitudes: The 36th Report. London: The National Centre for Social
Research. Available: https://www.bsa.natcen.ac.uk/ [11 February, 2020]

Curtis, Ben. 2013. The South Wales Miners: 1964-1985. Cardiff: University of Wales
Press.

Daffydd, Fflur. 2009. Byd Bach. Caernarfon: Rasal. [Recorded by Fflur Dafydd a'r
Barf]

Davies, Damian Walford. 2012. Cartographies of Culture: New Geographies of Welsh
Writing in English. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Davies, Jason Walford. 1995. “‘Thick Ambush of Shadows’: Allusions to Welsh
literature in the work of R.S. Thomas”. Welsh Writing in English: A Yearbook of
Critical Essays 1: 75-127.

Davies, John. 1993. A History of Wales. London: Allen Lane The Penguin Press.

Davies, R. R. 1987. Conquest, Coexistence, and Change: Wales 1063-1415. Oxford:
The Clarendon Press and University of Wales Press.

Davies, Walford. 2014. Dylan Thomas. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Dawson, Christopher. 2013. Religion and Culture. Washington, D.C.: The Catholic
University of America Press.

de Boer, Esther & John Bowden. 2006. The Mary Magdalene Cover-up: The Sources
Behind the Myth. London: T&T Clark.

107

Markus Finell
Deininger, Michelle. 2019. “The Short Story in the Twentieth Century”. In Evans &
Fulton (eds.): 428-445.

Dillenberger, John (ed.). 1975. John Calvin: Selections from His Writings. Scholars
Press.

DistantDreamer93. (2011, September 8). Abercuawg - Fflur Dafydd (geiriau / lyrics)
[Video]. YouTube. Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbuMEWaSOGM
[5 February, 2020]

Donahaye, Jasmine. 2012. Whose People?: Wales, Israel, Palestine. Cardiff: University
of Wales Press.

Donelson, Lewis R. 2010. I & II Peter and Jude: A Commentary. Louisville:
Westminster John Knox Press.

Douglas, Ann. 1998. The Feminization of American Culture. New York: Farrar, Straus
and Giroux.

Easterlin, Richard. A. 2000. “The Worldwide Standard of Living Since 1800”.
Sociology 14(1): 7-26.

Edson, Cyrus. 1895. “Concerning Nagging Women”. The North American Review
160(458): 29-37.

Ehrman, Bart D. 2006. Peter, Paul, and Mary Magdalene: The Followers of Jesus in
History and Legend. Oxford: Oxford University Press.

Ellis, Hannah (ed.). 2014. Dylan Thomas: A Centenary Celebration. London:
Bloomsbury.

Eusebius of Caesarea. 2013. Commentary on Isaiah. Elowsky, Joel. C. (ed.). Downers
Grove: InterVarsity Press. [Translated from Greek by Jonathan J. Armstrong]

Evans, Caradoc. 1915. My People. London: A. Melrose Ltd.

108

Markus Finell
Evans, David & Kate Griffiths (eds.). 2008. Pleasure and Pain in Nineteenth-Century
French Literature and Culture. Amsterdam: Rodopi.

Evans, Geraint & Helen Fulton (eds.). 2019. The Cambridge History of Welsh
Literature. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

Evans, Geraint. 2019. “Welsh Modernist Writing in Wales and London”. In Evans &
Fulton (eds.): 446-467.

Erickson, Gregory. 2017. “Heresy and the Modern Imagination”. In Gregory Erickson
& Bernard Schweizer (eds.). Reading Heresy: Religion and Dissent in Literature and
Art. Berlin: De Gruyter: 21-34.

Ferris, Paul. 1977. Dylan Thomas: A Biography. New York: The Dial Press.

Ferris, Paul. 2017. “Thomas, Dylan Marlais”. Oxford Dictionary of National Biography.
DOI: https://doi.org/10.1093/ref:odnb/36471 [23 March, 2020]

Field, Clive D. 2012. “Counting Religion in England and Wales: The Long Eighteenth
Century, c. 1680–c. 1840”. The Journal of Ecclesiastical History 63(4): 693-720.

Fisher, Deborah. 2010. Royal Wales. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Fitzgibbon, Constantine. 1965. The Life of Dylan Thomas. London: J. M. Dent & Sons
LTD.

Foucault, Michel. 2015. Language, Madness, and Desire: On Literature. Artières,
Philippe, Jean-François Bert, Mathieu Potte-Bonneville & Judith Revel (eds.).
Minneapolis: University of Minneapolis Press. [Translated from French by Robert
Bononno]

Fraser, Hillary. 2008. Beauty and Belief: Aesthetics and Religion in Victorian
Literature. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

Free, William N. 1970. William Cowper. New York: Twayne Publishers, Inc.

109

Markus Finell
Gardner, Kevin J. 2014. “Strange Deliberations: John Betjeman and Protestant
Nonconformity”. Christianity and Literature 63(2): 225-256.

Gaston, Sean. 2017. “George Eliot and the Anglican Reader”. Literature & Theology
31(3): 318-337.

Gerring, John. 1997. “Ideology: A Definitional Analysis”. Political Research Quarterly
50(4): 957-944.

Gifford, Terry. 1999. Pastoral. London: Routledge.

Gillan, Maria Mazziotti & Jennifer Gillan (eds.). 1999. Growing Up Ethnic in America:
Contemporary Fiction About Learning to Be American. New York: Penguin Books.

Gillan, Maria Mazziotti & Jennifer Gillan (eds.). 1994. Unsettling America: An
Anthology of Contemporary Multicultural Poetry. New York: Penguin.

Glaser, John F. 1960. “Parnell's fall and the nonconformist conscience”. Irish Historical
Studies 12(46): 119-138.

Glenny, W. Edward. 2013. Amos: A Commentary Based on Amos in Codex Vaticanus.
Leiden: Brill.

Goldingay, John. 2014. The Theology of the Book Called Isaiah. Downers Grove:
InterVarsity Press.

Goodby, John. 2013. The Poetry of Dylan Thomas: Under the Spelling Wall. Liverpool:
Liverpool University Press.

Gordon, Bruce. 2009. Calvin. New Haven: Yale University Press.

Gramich, Katie. 2011. Kate Roberts. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Gramich, Katie. 2019. “Travel, Translation, and Temperance: The Origins of the Welsh
Novel”. In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 335-352.

110

Markus Finell
Greenway, William. 2015. The Poetry of Personality: The Poetic Diction of Dylan
Thomas. Lanham: Lexington Books.

Greenwood, Andrea & Mark W. Harris. 2011. An Introduction to the Unitarian and
Universalist Traditions. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

Gribben, Crawford. 2008. “Puritanism in Ireland and Wales”. In John Coffey & Paul C.
H. Lim (eds.). The Cambridge Companion to Puritanism. Cambridge: Cambridge
University Press.

Griffiths, Niall. 2001. Sheepshagger. London: Jonathan Cape.

Griffiths, Richard (ed.). 2001. The Bible in the Renaissance. London: Routledge.

Grimshawe, T. S. 1849. The Works of William Cowper. London: William Tegg and Co.,
Cheapside.

Haakonsen, Knud (ed.). 1996. Enlightenment and Religion: Rational Dissent in
Eighteenth-Century Britain. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

Hallam, Tudur. 2015. “‘Curse, bless, me now’: Dylan Thomas and Saunders Lewis”.
Journal of the British Academy 3: 211-253.

Hallam, Tudur. 2019. “The Legacy of Saunders Lewis”. In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 507528.

Hardy, Barbara. 2000. Dylan Thomas: An Original Language. Athens: Georgia
University Press.

Harris, Howell. 1791. A Brief Account of the Life of Howell Harris, Esq; Extracted from
Papers Written by Himself. to Which Is Added a Concise Collection of His Letters from
the Year 1738, to 1772. Trevecka.

Harris, John. 1996. “Caradoc Evans: My People Right or Wrong”. Transactions of the
Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion 2: 141-155. Available:
https://journals.library.wales/view/1386666/1424716/0#?xywh=-1795%2C203%2C6019%2C3913 [15 July, 2020]
111

Markus Finell
Hillar, Marian. 2012. From Logos to Trinity: The Evolution of Religious Beliefs from
Pythagoras to Tertullian. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

Holmes, Janice. 2017. “Methodists and Holiness”. In Larsen & Ledger-Thomas (eds.):
124-149.

Hopkins, Chris. 2008. “‘James Joyce is an Irish edition of Mr Caradoc Evans’: Two
Celtic Naturalists”. Irish Studies Review 3(12): 23-26.

Hopkins, Chris. 1996. “Translating Caradoc Evans's Welsh English”. Style 30(3): 433444.

Hughes, Trystan Owain. 2002. “Anti-Catholicism in Wales, 1900-1960”. Journal of
Ecclesiastical History 53(2): 312-325.

Jasper, David. 2011. “Interdisciplinarity in Impossible Times: Studying Religion
through Literature and the Arts”. In Heather Walton (ed.). Literature and Theology:
New Interdisciplinary Spaces. London: Routledge: 5-18.

Jeffrey, David Lyle. 2009. “Habitual Music: The King James Bible and English
Literature”. In David G. Burke (ed.). Translation That Openeth the Window: Reflections
on the History and Legacy of the King James Bible. Atlanta: Society of Biblical
Literature: 181-198.

Jenkins, Bethan. 2017. Between Wales and England: Anglophone Welsh Writing of the
Eighteenth Century. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Johnson, Dale A. 1999. Changing Shape of English Nonconformity, 1825-1925. New
York: Oxford University Press.

Johnston, Dafydd (ed.). 1998. A Guide to Welsh Literature c. 1900-1996. Cardiff:
University of Wales Press.

Johnston, Dafydd. 1998. “The Literary Revival”. In Johnston (ed.): 1-21.

Jones, David Ceri. 2015. “George Whitefield and the Revival of Calvinism in
Eighteenth-Century Britain”. International Congregational Journal 14(1): 97-115.
112

Markus Finell
Jones, David Ceri, Boyd Stanley Schlenther & Eryn Mant White. 2012. The Elect
Methodists: Calvinistic Methodism in England and Wales, 1735-1811. Cardiff:
University of Wales Press.

Jones, David Ceri. 2009. “‘Transcripts of my Heart’: Welsh Methodists, Popular Piety
and the International Evangelical Revival, 1738– 1750”. In Joan Allen & Richard C.
Allen (eds.). Faith of Our Fathers: Popular Culture and Belief in Post-Reformation
England, Ireland and Wales. Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing: 95-117.

Jones, Glyn. 2018. The Dragon Has Two Tongues: Essays on Anglo-Welsh Writers and
Writing. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Jones, J. Graham. 2014. The History of Wales. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Jones, Lindsay (ed.). 2005. Encyclopedia of Religion. Detroit: Macmillan Reference
USA.

Kidder, Rushworth M. 1973. Dylan Thomas: The Country of the Spirit. Princeton:
Princeton University Press.

Knoppers, Laura L. 2011. “Translating Majesty: The King James Bible, John Milton,
and the English Revolution”. In David Lyle Jeffrey (ed.). The King James Bible and the
World It Made. Waco: Baylor University Press: 29-48.

Knight, Mark & Emma Mason. 2006. Nineteenth-Century Religion and Literature: An
Introduction. Oxford: Oxford University Press.

Kwast-Greff, Chantal. 2013. Distorted Bodies and Suffering Souls: Women in
Australian Fiction, 1984-1994. Amsterdam: Rodopi.

Lady Henry Somerset, Harriett Prescott Spofford & Marion Harland. 1895. “Nagging
Women. A Reply to Dr. Edson.”. The North American Review 160(460): 311-317.

Larsen, Timothy. 2017. “Congregationalists”. In Larsen & Ledger-Lomas (eds.): 39-56.

113

Markus Finell
Larsen, Timothy & Michael Ledger-Lomas. 2017. The Oxford History of Protestant
Dissenting Traditions, Volume III: The Nineteenth Century. Oxford: Oxford University
Press.

Leaman, Oliver (ed.). 2006. The Qur'an: an Encyclopedia. London: Routledge.

Leo XIII. 1891. “Rerum Novarum”. The Holy See. Available:
http://www.vatican.va/content/leo-xiii/en/encyclicals/documents/hf_lxiii_enc_15051891_rerum-novarum.html [10 February, 2020]

Lewis, Llŷr Gwyn. 2019. “‘Amlhau Lleisiau’n Llên’: Birth and Rebirth in WelshLanguage Literature, 1990-2014”. In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 669-695.

Lewis, Saunders. 1939. Is There an Anglo-Welsh Literature?. Cardiff: Guild of
Graduates of the University of Wales.

Lloyd, David. 1992. “Welsh Writing in English”. World Literature Today 66(3): 435438.

Lodahl, Michael. 2010. “Wesley And Nature”. In Armistead, Kathryn M., Brad D.
Strawn & Ronald W. Wright (eds.). Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing: 21-32.

Lycett, Andrew. 2004. Dylan Thomas: A New Life. Woodstock: The Overlook Press.

Maddock, Ian J. 2012. Men of One Book: A Comparison of Two Methodist Preachers,
John Wesley and George Whitefield. Cambridge: The Lutterworth Press.

Mann, Horace. 1854. Census of Great Britain, 1851: Religious Worship in England and
Wales. London: George Routledge & co.

Martin, Seán Aeron & Mari Elin Wiliam. 2019. “Debating Nationhood, c. 1945-2000”.
In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 491-506.

Mayer, Elizabeth. 1995. Artists in Dylan Thomas's Prose Works: Adam Naming and
Aesop Fabling. Montreal: McGill-Queen’s University Press.

114

Markus Finell
McCarthy, Michael J. F. 1912. The Nonconformist Treason. Edinburgh: William
Blackwood and Sons.

McManus, Matthew. 2020. The Rise of Post-Modern Conservatism: Neoliberalism,
Post-Modern Culture, and Reactionary Politics. Palgrave MacMillan. DOI:
10.1007/978-3-030-24682-2 [08 July, 2020]

Methenitis, Dimitrios. 2019. Globalization, Modernity and the Rise of Religious
Fundamentalism: The Challenge of Religious Resurgence against the “End of History”
(A Dialectical Kaleidoscopic Analysis). New York: Routledge.

Meyer, Marvin & Esther de Boer. 2004. The Gospels of Mary: The Secret Tradition of
Mary Magdalene, the Companion of Jesus. San Francisco: HarperOne.

Morgan, Barry. 2013. “The Church in Wales”. In Markham, Ian S., J. Barney Hawkins
IV, Justyn Terry & Leslie Nuñez Steffensen (eds.). The Wiley-Blackwell Companion to
the Anglican Communion. Wiley-Blackwell: 452-463.

Morgan, D. Densil. 1999. “Christianity and National Identity in Twentieth-Century
Wales”. Religion, State & Society 27(3-4): 327-342.

Morgan, D. Densil. 2013. “Nonconformity in Wales”. In Pope (ed.): 27-46.

Morris, Warren Frederick. 2010. Understanding Ideology. Lanham: University Press of
America.

Mortuza, Shamsad. 2013. The Figure of the Shaman in Contemporary British Poetry.
Newcastle: Cambridge Scholars Publishing.

Moynihan, William T. 1968. The Craft and Art of Dylan Thomas. Ithaca: Cornell
University Press.

Mullett, Michael. 1989. Calvin. London: Routledge.

Munday, Nathan Llywellyn. 2018. “‘Ann heard Him speak, and Pantycelyn’: The
Unexpected Relationship between R. S. Thomas and the Calvinistic Methodists”.

115

Markus Finell
International Journal of Welsh Writing in English. 5(1). DOI: 10.16995/ijwwe.5.3 [21
March, 2020]

Murdy, Louise Baughan. 1966. Sound and Sense in Dylan Thomas's Poetry. The Hague:
Mouton & Co.

Nail, Alessandro, Yves Schemeil & Jean‐Louis Marie. 2017. “Anxiety, Sophistication,
and Resistance to Persuasion: Evidence from a Quasi-Experimental Survey on Global
Climate Change”. Political Psychology 38(1): 137-156.

Nicholson, Norman. 1960. William Cowper. London: Longmans, Green & Co.

Niditch, Susan. 2011. Judges: A Commentary. Louisville: Westminster John Knox
Press.

Norton, David. 2011. The King James Bible: A Short History from Tyndale to Today.
Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

Obydenkov, Anastassia V. & Raufhon Salahodjaev. 2017. “Climate change policies:
The role of democracy and social cognitive capital”. Environmental Research 157: 182189.

OED: Oxford English Dictionary. 2020. Oxford University Press. Available:
https://www.oed.com/ [09 July, 2020]

Paul VI. 1965. “Dei Verbum”. The Holy See. Available:
http://www.vatican.va/archive/hist_councils/ii_vatican_council/documents/vatii_const_19651118_dei-verbum_en.html [22 March, 2020]

Paul VI. 1968. “Humanae Vitae”. The Holy See. Available:
http://www.vatican.va/content/paul-vi/en/encyclicals/documents/hf_pvi_enc_25071968_humanae-vitae.html [10 February, 2020]

Peach, Linden. 1988. The Prose Writing of Dylan Thomas. London: Macmillan Press.

Pennar, Siôn. 2015. “A Postcolonial Traveller?: A Take on the Poetry of Iwan Llywd”.
In Bednarski, Czerniak & Czerniakowski (eds.): 105-112.
116

Markus Finell
Podmore, Colin. 1998. The Moravian Church in England, 1728-1760. Oxford:
Clarendon Press

Pope, Robert (ed.). 2013. T&T Clark Companion to Nonconformity. London:
Bloomsbury.

Pratt, Annis. 1970. Dylan Thomas’ Early Prose: A Study in Creative Mythology.
Pittsburgh: Pittsburgh University Press.

Quinlan, Maurice J. 1970. William Cowper: A Critical Life. Westport: Greenwood Press
Publishers.

Richter, Donald. 1984. “Welsh Police, The Home Office and the Welsh Tithe War of
1886-1891”. Welsh History Review 12: 50-75.

Robbins, Keith. 2013. “Nonconformity and the State, ca 1750-2012”. In Pope (ed.): 7588.

Roberts, Harri Garrod. 2009. Embodying Identity: Representations of the Body in Welsh
Literature. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Roberts, Stephen K. 2013. “The Revd William Howels (1778– 1832) of Cowbridge and
London: the making of an anti-radical”. In Mary-Ann Constantine & Dafydd Johnston
(eds.). Footsteps of ‘Liberty and Revolt’: Essays on Wales and the French Revolution.
Cardiff: University of Wales Press: 291-307.

Rutledge, Fleming. 2015. The Crucifixion: Understanding the Death of Jesus Christ.
Grand Rapids: William B. Eerdmans Publishing Company. Available:
https://ebookcentral-proquest-com.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/lib/aboebooks/detail.action?docID=4859689 [19 February, 2020]

Schiavone, Awen. 2015. “Barti Ddu: A Welsh Colonial Hero in a Post-colonial Text”.
In Bednarski, Czerniak & Czerniakowski (eds.): 113-122.

Schroeder, H. J. 1937. Disciplinary Decrees of the General Councils: Text, Translation,
and Commentary. St. Louis: B. Herder Book Co.

117

Markus Finell
Seed, John. 1996. “‘A set of Men Powerful Enough in Many Things’: Rational Dissent
and Political Opposition in England 1770-1790”. In Haakonssen (ed.): 140-168.

Sell, Alan P. F., David J. Hall & Ian Sellers (eds.). 2015. Protestant Nonconformist
Texts Volume 2: The Eighteenth Century. Eugene: Wipf and Stock Publishers.

Sharp, Joanne. 2011. “Othering”. In Dale Southerton (ed.). Encyclopedia of Consumer
Culture. Los Angeles: Sage: 1071-1072.

Smith, Karen E. 2013. “Nonconformists, the Home and Family Life”. In Pope (ed.):
285-304.

Stephens, Meic (ed.). 1998. The New Companion to the Literature of Wales. Cardiff:
University of Wales Press.

The Catechism of the Council of Trent. 1829. Dublin: Richard Coyne. [Translated from
Latin by Rev. J. Donovan]

The Holy Bible, King James Version, Cambridge Edition. 2020. King James Bible
Online. Available: www.kingjamesbibleonline.org [8 April, 2020]

Thomas, David N. 2014. “A True Childhood: Dylan’s Peninsularity”. In Ellis (ed.): 729.

Thomas, Dylan. 2000. Collected Poems 1934-1953. Davies, Walford & Ralph Maud
(eds.). London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson.

Thomas, Dylan. 2014. Collected Stories. Davies, Walford (ed.). London: Weidenfeld &
Nicolson.

Thomas, Dylan. 1966. Selected Letters of Dylan Thomas. Fitzgibbon, Constantine (ed.).
New York: New Directions.

Thomas, Dylan. 1985. The Collected Letters. Ferris, Paul (ed.). London: J. M. Dent &
Sons LTD.

118

Markus Finell
Thomas, Dylan. 2015. Under Milk Wood. Davies, Walford & Ralph Maud (eds.).
London: Weidenfeld & Nicolson.

Thomas, M. Wynn. 2017. All That Is Wales: The Collected Essays of M. Wynn Thomas.
Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Thomas, M. Wynn. 2019. “From Nonconformist Nation to Proletarian Nation: Writing
Wales, 1885–1930”. In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 405-427.

Thomas, M. Wynn. 2010. In the Shadow of the Pulpit: Literature and Nonconformist
Wales. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Thomas, M. Wynn. 2014. “Marlais”. In Ellis (ed.): 30-41.

“Thomas Sterns Eliot: letters from T. S. Eliot (b 1888, d 1965), poet, publisher and
critic, to Robert Ferns Waller (b 1913, d 2005), poet, writer and radio producer; 19331952”. 1942. Faber & Faber. Estate of T. S. Eliot. Available:
https://www.bl.uk/collection-items/letters-from-t-s-eliot-to-robert-waller-discussingpoetry-1942 [2 February, 2020]

Thompson, Ceri. 2014. From the Cradle to the Coalmine: The Story of Children in
Welsh Mines. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Thompson, David M., J. H. Y. Briggs & John Munsey Turner (eds.). 2015. Protestant
Nonconformist Texts Volume 4: The twentieth century. Eugene: Wipf and Stock
Publishers.

Tindall, William York. 1996. A Reader's Guide to Dylan Thomas. Syracuse: Syracuse
University Press.

Tomos, Megan. 1998. “The Short Story”. In Johnston (ed.): 204-232.

Tritschler, Donald. 1971. “The Stories in Dylan Thomas' Red Notebook”. Journal of
Modern Literature 2(1): 33-56.

Valovirta, Elina. 2014. Sexual Feelings: Reading Anglophone Caribbean Women's
Writing Through Affect. Amsterdam: Rodopi.
119

Markus Finell
Watts, D. C. 2007. Dictionary of Plant Lore. Academic Press: San Diego.

Webb, R. K. 1996. “The emergence of Rational Dissent”. In Haakonssen (ed.): 12-41.

Weber, Max. 2003. The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism. New York: Dover
Publications. [Translated from German by Talcott Parsons]

Wenzer, Kenneth C. 1997. “Tolstoy’s Georgist Spiritual Political Economy (18971910): Anarchism and Land Reform”. The American Journal of Economics and
Sociology 56(4): 639-667.

Wesley, John. 1980. John Wesley. Outler, Albert C. (ed.) New York: Oxford University
Press.

Westermarck, Edward. 2013. Christianity and Morals. London: Routledge.

White, Eryn Mant. 2015. “Religious Revivals in the Eighteenth, Nineteenth and
Twentieth Centuries”. In William Gibson & John-Morgan Guy (eds.). Religion and
Society in the Diocese of St Davids 1485–2011. Farnham: Ashgate: 129-156.

Whitefield, George. 1976. Letters of George Whitefield: For the Period 1734-1742.
Edinburgh: The Banner of Truth Trust.

Whitefield, George. 2009. Sermons of George Whitefield. Peabody: Hendrickson
Publishers.

Wilder, Amos N. 1958. Theology and Modern Literature. Cambridge: Harvard
University Press.

Wilkinson, David. 2015. When I Pray What Does God Do?. Oxford: Monarch Books.

Williams, Colin H. 1990. “The Anglicisation of Wales”. In Nikolas Coupland & Alan
R. Thomas (eds.). English in Wales: Diversity, Conflict, and Change. Clevedon:
Multilingual Matters Ltd: 19-47.

120

Markus Finell
Williams, Daniel G. 2012. Black Skin, Blue Books: African Americans and Wales,
1845-1945. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Williams, Glanmor. 2002. Renewal and Reformation: Wales c. 1415-1642. New York:
Oxford University Press.

Williams, Glanmor. 1976. The Welsh Church from Conquest to Reformation. Cardiff:
University of Wales Press.

Williams, Kevin. 2019. “The Dragon Finds a Tongue: Devolution and Government in
Wales Since 1997”. In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 655-668.

Williams, Mark. 2019. “Magic and Marvels”. In Evans & Fulton (eds.): 52-72.

Williams, William. 1872. Welsh Calvinistic Methodism: A Historical Sketch. London:
James Nesbit & co.

Williamson, Stanley. 1999. Gresford: The Anatomy of a Disaster. Liverpool: Liverpool
University Press.

Wooding, Jonathan M. & Nigel Yates (eds.). 2011. A Guide to the Churches and
Chapels of Wales. Cardiff: University of Wales Press.

Wuthnow, Robert (ed.). 2007. Encyclopedia of Politics and Religion. Washington D.C.:
CQ Press. DOI: http://dx.doi.org.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/10.4135/9781483300535 [12
February, 2020]

121

