MASTER'S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Laila Nayely Martínez de Santiago

The Applicability of International Humanitarian Law to Organised Criminal Organisations:
an Analysis of Mexico and the Zetas Cartel

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
Master’s Degree Programme in
International Law and HumanRights
Supervisor: Viljam Engström
Åbo Akademi University
2020

Laila Martínez de Santiago

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights
Law
Author: Laila Nayely Martínez de Santiago
Title of the Thesis: The Applicability of International Humanitarian Law to Organised
Criminal Organisations: an Analysis of Mexico and the Zetas Cartel
Supevisor: Viljam Engström
Supevisor:
Abstract:
The definition of ‘organised crime’ has evolved during the last decades to adapt to this everchanging phenomenon. As a consequence of globalisation, criminal organisations expanded
their reach by transporting illicit goods from one border to another. With the ratification of the
Convention Against Transnational Organised Crime, stated established a suitable definition of
organised crime to eradicate this phenomenon. However, there are situations in which the level
of violence exerted by criminal organisations is not suitable for what is described in the
Palermo Convention.
The aim of this thesis is to analyse if international humanitarian law can be applicable in
situations involving organised criminal groups. Since the determination of existence of a non
international armed conflict has to be done on a case-by-case basis, the violence in Mexico is
used as a case study, specifically the ’Zetas’ criminal organisation. After the declaration of the
‘war on drugs’ by former President Felipe Calderón, state armed forces were deployed to
dismantle criminal organisations. The so called ‘war' was not regulated by the rules and
customs of war and armed conflict, causing systematic human rights violations by army
officials and the sophistication of criminal organisations to perpetrate counter-attacks of higher
intensity.
This research reviews the definition of non-international armed conflicts and the elements that
need to be fulfilled to determine the existence of this type of conflict. According to common
article 3, Additional Protocol II to the Geneva Conventions, and international case law, two
specific must be considered: the organisation of the group and the intensity of the attacks. The
findings show that the ‘Zetas' organisation has a strong horizontal structure that provides
special training for new recruits, and has exerted protracted armed violence with techniques
similar to the ones used by state armed forces. It is concluded that this criminal organisation
fulfils the requirements to be considered party to a non-international armed conflict. The
declaration of existence of a conflict of this nature make possible the regulation of the conflict
based on the rules of war and armed conflicts. The last chapter reviews the regulation made
through international humanitarian law and international human rights law in the protection of
civilians, so as the accountability for violations committed by members of armed forces
through international criminal law.

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Key words:
Criminal groups, non-international, international humanitarian law, Palermo Convention,
Zetas, Mexico.
Date: 23.11.2020
Number of pages: 74 +7
Number of words (excl. bibliography
and annexes: 28,409
The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Table of Contents.
1. Introduction.........................................................................................................................1
1.1 Background. ..............................................................................................................1
1.2 Aim and Research Question. .....................................................................................3
1.3 Methodology and Limitations. ..................................................................................4
2. Transnational Organised Crime ........................................................................................6
2.1 Defining Organised Crime. .......................................................................................6
2.2 Transnational Organised Crime in Mexico..............................................................11
3. International Humanitarian Law: Non-international Armed Conflicts......................17
3.1 Defining Non-International Armed Conflicts. ........................................................17
3.2 Common Article 3. ..................................................................................................21
3.3 Additional Protocol II. .............................................................................................23
4. Elements of Non-International Armed Conflicts ...........................................................31
4.1 The Tadić Jurisprudence. .........................................................................................31
4.2. Intensity of the Conflict..........................................................................................32
5. Organised Crime in Mexico: Los Zetas ..........................................................................41
5.1. Origin. ....................................................................................................................41
5.2. The Zeta’s Structure. ..............................................................................................44
5.3 Intensity of the attacks.............................................................................................48
6. Principles of International Law .......................................................................................51
6.1 Obligations of Armed Groups .................................................................................51
6.1.1 Armed Groups Bound as Third parties to the Geneva Convention. ................52
6.1.2 Substantive Rules Applicable in non-international Armed Conflicts. .............54
6.2 International Human Rights Law. ...........................................................................60
6.2.1 Applicability of human rights law ...................................................................60
6.2.2 Normative content. ..........................................................................................62
6.2.3 Interpretation ...................................................................................................63
6.2.4 Direct Regulation.............................................................................................65
6.3 International Criminal Law .....................................................................................67
6.3.1.International Criminal Court ...........................................................................67

Laila Martínez de Santiago

6.3.2 War crimes in internal armed conflicts ............................................................68
6.3.3 Crimes against humanity .................................................................................70
7. Conclusion .........................................................................................................................73

Laila Martínez de Santiago

1. Introduction
1.1 Background.
Organised crime is not a new phenomenon. Policy makers and government officials in every
state of the world have developed techniques to combat organised criminal groups. However,
globalisation changed the way these groups operate, allowing easy transit of illicit goods from
one border to another. The use of violence is a relatively common feature of organised criminal
organisations, posing no real danger to the rule of law in the states in which they operate.1

In their beginnings, Mexican criminal organisations limited their activities to transport illicit
goods from their country of origin into the United States through the nearly 2,000 miles of
shared border between these two countries.2 Juan Nepomuceno Guerra, the founder of one of the
first transnational criminal organisations in Mexico, started his illegal business smuggling
whiskey into the United States during the years of the Prohibition. It became one of the strongest
and most profitable criminal organisations in Mexico.3 The increase in marijuana and cocaine
consumption during the 1960s and the1970s in the United States caused the creation and
expansion of the Felix Gallardo Organisation. This organisation came to an end after the arrest of
its founder, Felix Gallardo, due to the murder of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)
agent, Enrique Camarena.4

Without a leader, the organisation divided into small groups that soon recruited more members
and grew in size and power. After an arrangement made between Mexican and Colombian
criminal organisations, the southern border of the country became the entrance door for the
transport of cocaine on its way to the United States. Taking control over these routes became the
central goal of criminal organisations. What started as clashes between members of these groups,
Congressional Research Service (CRS), 'Mexico: Organised Crime and Drug Trafficking Organisations’ (R41576
July 18 2020) Introduction.
2 Anoopa Ballal and others, ‘The Drug Cartel Cluster in Mexico’ Ecole de Management & Lab Centre for
C o m p e t i t i v e n e s s e c c h 2 11 - 0 4 8 1 < h t t p s : / / w w w. r e s e a r c h g a t e . n e t / p u b l i c a t i o n /
237009773_The_Drug_Cartel_Cluster_in_Mexico/link/0046351ae1b692e5a0000000/download> accessed 15
November 2020.
3 Guadalupe Correa-Cabrera, Los Zetas Inc. (Temas de hoy, 2018) 36-7.
4 Christopher Woody, 'The “godfather" of Mexico’s cartels has been sentenced for killing of a DEA Agent’ Business
Insider (30 Aug 2017) <https://www.businessinsider.com/miguel-angel-felix-gallardo-godfather-of-mexicos-cartelsentenced-2017-8?r=MX&IR=T> accessed 21 Nov 2020.
1

1

Laila Martínez de Santiago

rapidly evolved to what has been considered ‘brutal drug-trafficking-related violence’.5 This
takes place in a context where government officials are offered bribes in exchange for impunity.6
The widespread corruption has allowed organised criminal organisations to perpetrate attacks
against civilian population without being held accountable. Therefore, the rule of law in Mexico
has been undermined to such an extent that it is nearly impossible to enforce domestic law.7 The
level of violence related to criminal organisations is now considered different from the one
commonly used by traditional criminal organisations: targeting civilians, journalists, political
candidates, activists, and any person that criminal groups consider a threat to their organisation.8

Due to the seriousness of the situation, in 2006, former President Felipe Calderón decided to
launch the so-called ‘war on drugs’. This ‘war’ was by no means regulated by international
humanitarian law, and only represented 'the use of armed forces in law enforcement duties,
which include a policy of confronting organised crime and the deployment of joint operations
between the armed forces and state and municipal security agencies’.9 This action only increased
the level of violence caused by organised criminal groups and the number of human rights
violations perpetrated by state armed forces. It is estimated that 102,696 homicides were
committed in the country between December 2006 and November 2012.10 The government’s
inability to control the extreme violence provoked by organised criminal groups also resulted in
the displacement of more than 1.6 million people from their homes.11 Despite the failed strategy
on the ‘war on drugs’, state armed forces have not returned to their quarter. Organised criminal
organisations implemented sophisticated techniques to defend themselves from the attacks of
state armed forces and to expand their businesses over other criminal organisations.

CRS (n 1) Introduction.
Ibid 9,10.
7 In 2016, it was estimated that only 9 out of every 100 crimes resulted in convictions. Jose Luengo-Cabrera and
Tessa Butler, 'Impunity in Mexico: A Rising Concern’ (Justice in Mexico, 22 Nov 2017) <https://
justiceinmexico.org/category/collaborations/> accessed 21 Nov 2020.
8 CRS (n 1) Introduction.
9 Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, ‘The Human Rights Situation in Mexico’ (44/15, 31 December
2015) 8.
10 Ibid 8, 9. That period corresponds to the time former President Calderón held the presidency.
11 José Reveles, ‘Mexico’, in Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung and Regine Schönenberg (eds) Transnational Organised Crime
(Bielefeld, 2013) 150.
5
6

2

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Numerous efforts have been made to combat extremely violent criminal organisations besides
the use of state armed forces: extraditions, eradication of marijuana crops, the merging of federal
security forces, and profound public security and judicial reforms.12 The US government and
Mexican officials have collaborated to extradite members of criminal organisations to be tried in
the United States since corruption and impunity have hampered the efforts to bring them to
justice in Mexico. Despite the damage that criminal organisations have caused to people not
belonging to these organisations, most of their members are tried for crimes related to money
laundering, affording total impunity for crimes they committed, such as murder, kidnapping,
rape, and extortion.13

1.2 Aim and Research Question.
This thesis aims to analyse the context of violence caused by organised criminal organisations
through the lenses of international humanitarian law. The main question to be answered is: can
international humanitarian law be applicable in the case of organised criminal groups? The
determination of existence of an armed conflict cannot be made under fix parameters and can
only be made on a case by case basis. Therefore, to answer this question, the situation of
violence in Mexico involving organised criminal groups and state armed forces is taken as a case
study.
If the situation were to meet the requirements to be considered a non-international armed
conflict, then the following questions would be: how are the hostilities regulated by international
law? This would bring two important benefits to the situation used as case study. The first one is
the protection of civilians afforded by international humanitarian law through the regulation of
hostilities. Civilians need to be protected from the acts of extreme violence perpetrated by
members of criminal organisations, and from the human rights violations committed by state
armed forces. The second one is the possibility to held members of organised criminal groups
accountable of their actions in international instances, such as the International Criminal Court.

12
13

Ballal (n 2) 7, 8.
Ibid 8, 9.

3

Laila Martínez de Santiago

1.3 Methodology and Limitations.
The first part of this research comprehends a brief study on the definition of transnational
organised crime under the Palermo Convention and a study on the development of transnational
organised crime in Mexico. It cannot be argued that the situation in Mexico fulfil the
requirements to be considered a non-international armed conflict if it is not understood why it
should not be considered an organised criminal phenomenon in the first place.

The second substantive chapter corresponds to chapter three. There is explained the definition of
non-international armed conflicts. In order to do so, common article 3 (CA3) and Additional
Protocol II (APII) to the Geneva Conventions will be at the core of the research. The fourth
chapter complements chapter three by analysing case law regarding the elements that should be
considered for the declaration of existence of a non-international armed conflicts, specifically the
judgments and decisions of the ICTY. The elements are two: the organisation or the armed
groups and the intensity of attacks.

Chapter five focuses on the Mexican criminal organisation ‘Zetas’. This criminal group was
chosen to exemplify the current status of organised criminal organisations in Mexico. According
to the elements established in international humanitarian law, the organisation of the group and
the intensity of the attacks are studied in order to determine if this group fulfil them.

The last chapter before concluding this research aims to explain the consequences of the
declaration of existence of a non-international armed conflict. It is divided into three subsections: international humanitarian law, international human rights law and international
criminal law. While it is evident that the existence of an armed conflict will be regulated by
international humanitarian law, it is less evident the reason to address international human rights
law and international criminal law. The first one provides protection to individuals at all times, in
peace and war alike. In times of conflict, international humanitarian law rules coexist with those
codified in international human rights law instruments. It will be studied how these two branches
of law complement each other in times of conflict. Lastly, international criminal law provides the

4

Laila Martínez de Santiago

necessary tools enforce the rules of war and to hold accountable those who do not comply with
them.

What is out of the scope of this study is to assess the effectiveness of the applicability of the
rules of war in states with an uprising of violence due to organised crime, so the analysis will be
strictly limited to the legal aspect of the application of such branch of law in that particular
context.

5

Laila Martínez de Santiago

2. Transnational Organised Crime
2.1 Defining Organised Crime.
In recent years, the study of organised crime has obtained more relevance due to the social,
political, and economic impact that this phenomenon has on every state of the world.14 Since it
became a recurring component of the political discourse in the past decades, the definition has
remained vague and unclear. This has posed a challenge for lawmakers to develop suitable ways
of enforcement.15 The approach taken to address organised crime will influence the measures
taken intending to eradicate illegal practices related to the existence of organised criminal
organisations.
In order to understand the current conceptualisation of organised crime, in this chapter is
reviewed the development of the concept, starting in the 1960s in the United States with the
ideas of the criminologist Donald Cressey.16 In 1967, the US President’s Commission on Law
Enforcement and the Administration of Justice attempted to find a suitable definition of
organised crime. Donald Cressey, who served as an advisor for the Commission proposed that
'the organised criminal, by definition, occupies a position in a social system, an "organisation"
which has been rationally designed to maximise profits by performing illegal services and
providing legally forbidden products demanded by the broader society’.17 The structure of the
criminal organisations was central to his argument, in which he stressed the importance to
distinguish between formal and informal organisations18. When explaining this distinction he
suggested that ‘the structures of formal organisations are rational. They allocate certain tasks to
certain members, limit entrance, and influence the rules established for their own maintenance
and survival’.19 Despite the influence of Cressey's work in the United States’ government

14 Alan

Wright, Organised Crime (1st edn, William Pub 2006) 1.
Pierre Hauck and Sven Peterke, ‘Organised crime and gang violence in national and international law’ (2010) 92
IRRC 407, 408.
16 Wright (n 14) 3.
17 Donald R. Cressey, Theft of the Nation: the Structure and Operations of Organized Crime in America (1st edn,
Harper & Row, 1969) 72 as cited in Wright, (n14) 4.
18 Wright (n 14) 5.
19 Donald R. Cressey, Criminal Organizations: Its Elementary Forms (Heinemann Educational, 1972) 11 in
Wright, (n14) 5.
15

6

Laila Martínez de Santiago

policies, numerous scholars contested the definition he provided. After a study conducted in
Detroit, the criminologist Joseph Albini suggested that 'a criminal syndicate consists of a system
of loosely structured relationships functioning primarily because each participant is interested in
furthering his own welfare'.20 Opposing to Cressey’s idea, who viewed criminal organisations as
rational hierarchies, Albini proposed the existence of simpler, dynamic networks of patrons and
clients.21 Within this system, ‘patrons' are defined as 'criminal entrepreneurs' whose function is to
provide of information to their ‘clients' in exchange for support. In this context, ‘clients’ are
people occupying strategic positions that serve to the interests of the criminal group.22

Francis Ianni and Elizabeth Reuss-Ianni, also opposed to Cressey’s argument of rational
hierarchies. After carrying out extensive fieldwork, these researchers concluded that 'traditional
kinship groups are the basis of organised crime'.23 In this sense, ‘kinship’ is a broader concept
that comprehends not only blood relations but also fictive god-parental and affinitive ties. They
argued that criminal organisations in the United States, such as the italian Mafia:
are not really formal organisations… They are not rationally designed and consciously
constructed; they are responsive to culture and are patterned by tradition. They are not
hierarchies of organisational positions which can be diagrammed and then changed by
recasting the organisational chart; they are patterns of relationship among individuals which
have the force of kinship and so they can only be changed by drastic, often fatal action. 24

Organised crime was not a problem within the United States solely. Acknowledging the
proliferation of organised crime as a side-effect of globalisation in the form of transnational
crime,25 the international community and international bodies recognised the need to provide for
a comprehensive definition of this phenomenon. In 1975, during a Conference in Toronto, the
United Nations (UN) established that organised crime:
[I]s understood to be the large scale and complex criminal activity carried on by groups of

persons, however loosely or tightly organised, for the enrichment of those participating and
at the expense of the community and its members. It is frequently accomplished through

20

Joseph L. Albini, The Americas Mafia: Genesis of a Legend (Appleton Century Crofts, 1971) 288 in Wright, (n14)

5.
21

Wright (n 14) 6.
Ibid.
23 Ianni, Francis A.J. and Elizabeth Reuss-Ianni, Family Business: Kinship and Social Control in Organized
Crime (Russell Sage Foundation, 1972) 153 in Wright (n 14) 6,7.
24 Ibid.
25 Hauck and Peterke (n 15) 416-7.
22

7

Laila Martínez de Santiago

ruthless disregard of any law, including offences against the person, and frequently in
connexion with political corruption.26

As a consequence of the impact of organised crime in state members of the European Union
(EU), in 1998 the Justice and Home Affairs (JHA) Council set out a definition in order to achieve
'a more efficient and faster judicial cooperation in criminal matters'27 based on mutual legal
assistance between state members. According to Article 1 of a Joint Action of the JHA Council of
the EU:
A criminal organisation shall mean a lasting, structured association of two or more persons,
acting in concert with a view to committing crimes or other offences which are punishable by
deprivation of liberty or a detention order of a maximum of at least four years or a more
serious penalty, whether such crimes or offences are an end in themselves or a means of
obtaining material benefits and, if necessary, of improperly influencing the operation of public
authorities.28

There are two main characteristics that can be identified when analysing transnational organised
crime. The first one is the cross-border nature of this type of crime. This comprehends both, a
cross-border criminal and the cross-border transfer of illegal commodities. There are two reasons
to cross borders for the commitment of a crime. The first one is because it allows for exploitation
of the structures that differ from one country to another. The second one is closely related to a
market economy principle: supply and demand are usually located in different regions.29 The
second characteristic of transnational organised crime is that it is referred to networks of
criminals or organised crime groups. However, the organisational factor of organised crime is a
topic of difficult access through conventional instruments or criminological research. This
phenomenon is so complex that comprehends the convergence of social, cultural and economic
systems.30

The attempt to define organised crime during the 1960s, exposed the difficulty this represented.
Finally, the efforts to lay the normative groundwork for control of transnational organised crime
ECOSOC 'Fifth UN Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders: Report’ (1976)
A/CONF.169/15/Add.1
27 Joint Action of the Justice and Home Affairs Council to Create a Criminal Offence to Participate in a Criminal
Organisation [1998] 2075th Council Meeting Press/98/73.
28 Ibid art 1.
29 Vicenzo Militello, ‘Participation as an International Offence’ in Hans-Jörg Albrecht and Cyrill Fijnaut (eds) The
Containment of Transnational Organised Crime (Freiburg im Breisgau: Ed. iuscrim Max-Planck-Inst, 2002) 5.
30 Ibid 6
26

8

Laila Martínez de Santiago

were materialised in the UN Convention Against Transnational Organised Crime on the 12th of
December of 2000.31 The international community acknowledged the necessity of agreements
that would allow for effective cooperation among state members. Therefore, it was established
that the purpose of the Convention was 'to promote cooperation to prevent and combat
transnational organised crime more effectively’.32 To achieve this aim, the international
community agreed on common definitions for organised criminal groups and the activities that
would constitute a crime.
Article 2 of the Convention establishes the following:
For the purposes of the Convention:
a) ‘Organised criminal group’ shall mean a structured group of three or more persons, existing for a
period of time and acting in concert with the aim of committing one or more serious crimes or
offences established in accordance with this Convention, in order to obtain, directly or indirectly,
a financial or other material benefit.
b) ‘Serious Crime’ shall mean conduct constituting an offence punishable by a maximum
deprivation of liberty of at least four years or a more serious penalty.
c) ‘Structured group’ shall mean a group that is not randomly formed for the immediate commission
of an offence and that does not need to have formally defined roles for its members, continuity of
its membership or a developed structure.33

While the international community agreed on the necessity to reach a consensus regarding
transnational organised crime, the definitions offered in article 2 of the Palermo Convention have
been subject of criticism for being ‘over-inclusive and vague’.34 Opposed to Cressey’s ideas of
criminal organisations as well-defined structures, the definition provided in the Convention
establishes that a criminal group 'does not need to have formally defined roles for its members,
continuity of its membership or a developed structured’. On the other hand, the Convention
establishes that a structured group is not ‘randomly formed for the immediate commission of an
offence’. In this sense, the threshold needed for a group to be considered an organised criminal
group is lower than the one proposed by Cressey, but high enough to exclude gang criminality
from the reach of the Convention. Nevertheless, gangs are not the only group that can be
excluded from the definition. Terrorist and insurgent groups are also ruled out from the definition
Wright (n 14) 10.
UNGA United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime (adopted 15 Nov 2000) 2225 UNTS
209 (UNCTOC) art 1.
33 UNCTOC art 2.
34 Alexandra Orlova and James Moore, ‘"Umbrellas" or “building blocks”: defining international terrorism and
transnational organised crime in international law’ (2005) 27 Houston International Law in Hauck and Peterke (n 15)
421.
31
32

9

Laila Martínez de Santiago

provided by the Convention, since the aim of criminal groups should be ‘to obtain, directly or
indirectly, a financial or other material benefit'.35 Therefore, groups with political motives are not
considered to be covered by the Convention.36

Another important aspect to take into account is the commitment of what is considered a ‘serious
crime’. The Palermo Convention adopted a fixed parameter that includes all offences 'punishable
by a maximum deprivation of liberty of at least four years.37 The broad interpretation that can be
given to the four years' parameter provided by the Convention allowed states to determine the
activities that are considered to be serious crimes within their territory. Nevertheless, this fixed
parameter of four years overlooked the differences amongst the criminal systems and sanctions
of the more than 190 UN Member states.38 While these differences are indeed problematic,
another solution would not have met with the approval of states39 and the success of the
Convention relies on the international capacity to work towards greater effectiveness in the fight
against organised crime.40 In fact, most of the articles in the Convention addressed the ways of
co-operation among states. This co-operation is reflected in the 'confiscation of proceeds of
crime, extradition and transfer of criminals, mutual legal assistance, and joint investigations.41
The international efforts to combat organised crime can only be successful through the
applicability of common legal standards.42 Despite the widespread application of the Convention
by state parties and the existence of the Conference of the Parties to UNCTOC,43 there is no
mechanism promoting and reviewing the effective implementation of the Convention. As long as
this mechanism is not created, the Convention will not be fully applied and the co-operation
among states will be insufficient.

UNCTOC art 2.
Hauck and Peterke (n 15) 422.
37 Militello (n 29) 102.
38 Ibid 106.
39 Hauck and Peterke (n 15) 422.
40 Hans-Jörg, (n 29) 106.
41 UNCTOC arts 11-21 in Hauck and Peterke (n 15) 423.
42 Hauck and Peterke (n 15) 420.
43 UNCTOC, Art. 32(1).
35
36

10

Laila Martínez de Santiago

2.2 Transnational Organised Crime in Mexico.
Transnational organised crime is regulated by demand and supply of illegal commodities, illegal
risks, various types of investment, fraud and illicit services.44 Scholars and legislators have solely
addressed this phenomenon through the lens of market economy, limiting their understanding of
TOC as an exchange of goods that are transported and trade illegally. While this has proven to be
useful for the understanding of transnational organised crime and the strengthening of cooperation among states, it is inadequate when assessing the situation in Mexico.

In order to understand the evolution of transnational organised crime in Mexico, it is necessary to
understand the geographic location of the country and the impact this have had in the trade of
illicit goods. Sharing almost 2,000 miles of border with the United States, this region counts with
two rivers, the Colorado and the Rio Grande, so as deserts and mountains. This have facilitated
the smuggling of drugs and migrants into the United States.45 The drugs manufactured outside
Mexican territory are obtained from Central and South American countries. An important amount
of drugs enter the country from the southern border on its way to the northern border with the
United States. Once the illicit goods are there, various techniques are employed in order to
smuggle the product that will be later sold within the US territory. These techniques include
‘floating narcotics across isolated stretches of the river, flying small aircrafts near the ground to
avoid radar, bribing order officials in order to pass through checkpoints and utilising human
“mules” to smuggle narcotics aboard commercial aircraft in their luggage or bodies’.46

Mexican criminal organisations have evolved rapidly, going from traditional criminal structures
to hierarchical organisations with highly sophisticated machinery. In the early 20th century, the
trafficking business was limited to marijuana and heroin. It was not until the end of the 1980s
and the beginning of 1990s that traffickers gained notoriety, after Mexican traffickers filled up
the void left by Colombian criminal organisations. During the early years, Mexican criminal

Hans-Jörg (n 29) 5.
Ballal (n 1).
46 F Burton, ‘Mexico: The Price of Peace in the Cartel Wars’ (Stratfor, 2 May 2007) <https://www.stratfor.com/
mexico_price_peace_cartel_wars> accessed 15 November 2020.
44
45

11

Laila Martínez de Santiago

organisations tended to be 'hierarchical, mostly bound by familial ties and led by local
kingpins'.47

After gaining notoriety in the 1980s, the businesses of criminal organisations diversified to
include activities such as 'money laundering, bribery, gun trafficking, and corruption.'48 With the
inclusion of these activities, the levels of violence related to organised criminal groups resulted
in an increment, changing the pattern of violence these groups followed during the first years of
the business. In the beginning, acts of violence only took place in the border between Mexico
and the United States, but in recent decades spread to Mexico’s interior, specifically to the states
in the Pacific and those right at the border. The diversification of the business, combined with the
presence of violence in more states, has shown to have a direct increment in crimes such as
kidnapping, extortion, oil theft, and human smuggling.49 In general terms, violence is a common
feature in the trade of illicit goods. It is exercised by traffickers to settle disputes and to maintain
discipline among their employees in an attempt to appear organised to creditors, buyers, and
suppliers. At the same time, it is used to intimidate competitors.50

While high rates of homicides associated to organised crime are not only present in Mexico, the
violence associated with Mexican crime organisations has proven to be of a different scale.51
Organised crime organisations’ acts of violence are not only associated with intimidation,
discipline and resolution of conflicts, they have also targeted journalists, government officials
and political candidates.52 Some observers have pointed out Mexico’s excess of violence as an

Patrick Corcoran, 'Mexico Government Report Points to Ongoing Criminal Fragmentation' InSight Crime (14
April 2015) <https://www.insightcrime.org/news/analysis/mexico-government-report-points-to-ongoing-criminalfragmentation/> accessed 22 Nov 2020.
48 CRS (n 1) Summary.
49 Ibid 1.
50 Robert MacCoun and Peter Reuter Drug War Heresies: Learning from Other Times, Vices and Places (Cambridge
University Press, 2001); Kevin Riley, Snow Job? The War Against International Cocaine Trafficking (Transactional
Publishers, 1996) in CRS (n 1) 3.
51 Homicide levels in Latin America are one of the highest in the world. According to the UN Global Study on
Homicide, Latin America concentrates 37% of the world’s intentional homicides. United Nations Office on Drugs
and Crime (UNODC), ‘Global Study on Homicide’ (2019).
52 CRS (n 1) 2.
47

12

Laila Martínez de Santiago

exception to the 'typical standards of organised crime'.53 This claim seems to be founded on the
violence perpetrated by criminal groups with car bombs, rocket-propelled grenade launchers, and
grenades.54

Another form of violence derived from the illicit businesses of organised criminal organisations
is the forced disappearance in Mexico. The Mexican government does not have update data of
the missing or forcibly disappeared people. This can be explained by the underreporting caused
by fear of reprisal and the lack of trust in the authorities. Also, biological databases are not
available in the country, when these are needed to identify the unclaimed bodies found in mass
graves. Even though every mass grave is different, each one can have over 250 skulls and
remains, some of which are several years old, making the identification process nearly
impossible.55

The displacement of people is another consequence of the widespread violence caused by
organised crime. According to the Swiss-based Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre,
between 2009 and 2018, approximately 380,000 people were displaced in Mexico as a result of
the violence exerted by organised criminal organisations. Some authorities claim that the number
of displaced people can exceed 1 million, depending on the definition given to 'displacement'.
The reasons people cite as to why they moved from one place to another are 'violence among
members of organised crime, clashes between armed groups with Mexican security forces, and
fear of future violence.'56

Vanda Felbab-Brown, Peña Nieto’s Piñata: The Promise and Pitfalls of Mexico’s New Security Policy Against
Organized Crime (Brookings Institution, 2013) in CRS (n 1) 2.
54 CRS (n 1) 7.
55 Patrick J. McDonnell and Cecilia Sanchez, 'A Mother Who Dug in a Mexican Mass Grave to Find the
‘Disappeared’ Finally Learns Her Son’s Fate,' Los Angeles Times (20 March 2017) <https://www.latimes.com/world/
mexico-americas/la-fg-mexico-disappeared-20170320-story.html> accessed 22 Nov 2020; BBC 'Mexico Violence:
Skulls Found in a New Veracruz Mass Grave, BBC News (20 March 2017) <https://www.bbc.com/news/world-latinamerica-39326415> accessed 22 Nov 2020.
56 Juan Arvizu, 'Crimen Displazó en México a 380 Mil Personas’ El Universal (24 July 2019) <https://
www.eluniversal.com.mx/nacion/seguridad/crimen-desplazo-en-mexico-380-mil-personas> accessed 22 Nov 2020.
53

13

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Traffickers also have a vast territorial influence in parts of the country that are key points for
production or for trafficking routes. This is a consequence not only of the violence they exert, but
of the involvement of government officials with such groups. Corruption is present in every level
of the government. Only in 2018, twenty former state governors were under investigation or in
jail, including the former Secretary of Public Security, Genaro Garcia Luna. He was arrested in
Texas at the end of 2019, facing charges of having taken multimillion-dollar bribes from the
Sinaloa Cartel.57

When organised criminal organisations that carry out demonstrations of extreme violence are
assessed under the lens of international humanitarian law, two main arguments question the
desirability of characterising a given situation as a non-international armed conflict. The first
argument is that criminal groups lack political goals or ideology, therefore, these groups do not
have an interest in ‘confronting the government and assuming its powers and responsibility’.58
The second argument relates to the application of international humanitarian law above the
‘constitutional state’s “law enforcement model”’.59 This way, criminals can be targeted as
combatants, with no presumption of innocence, while impunity in state’s armed forces might
encourage the use of more violence.60 While the law of war and armed conflict does not
contemplate ideology as an element to determine the existence of an armed group in a noninternational armed conflict, it is worth analyse the applicability of these arguments to the
situation in Mexico.

Despite the transnational character of the Mexican trafficking organisations, the acts of extreme
violence take place only in Mexican territory. The corruption present in all levels of the
government has impeded the application of a successful strategy to eradicate organised crime.
Bribes and corruption have guaranteed impunity and protection for members of organised
criminal groups. This has been essential for their growth and expansion.61 In an attempt to
CRS (n 1) 9.
Hauck and Peterke (n 15) 433.
59 Ibid 431.
60 Ibid.
61 CRS (n 1) 9, 10.
57
58

14

Laila Martínez de Santiago

weaken organised criminal organisations, former President Felipe Calderón launched a ‘war'
against them in 2006. Nevertheless, this so-called ‘war' did not follow the rules and principles of
international humanitarian law, resembling more to a militarisation of the state than to an actual
war. As mentioned in the above paragraph, criminal organisations lack ideology and have no
interest in assuming state’s powers. Even though the case of Mexican criminal organisations is
very similar, there is an important distinction: in their search for expansion, these organisations
have assumed certain functions of the state.62 In the words of former President Calderon:
In traditional theories of state and law, the state is defined by its monopolistic characteristics: it
has the monopoly of law, the monopoly of levying taxes and the monopoly of power […]
Nowadays, the misters (drug barons) have come to a position where they contest the monopoly of
state power, establish their own power, come to a place and impose their own law there, and
finally, levy their duties which are like taxes the state does not levy: we are talking about a
parallel state.
We must ask ourselves: Who rules, the mayor of a place or the drug baron? Who rules, the
governor of this state, or the boss of the group, or the boss of the Mafia established in that state?
Who rules in a country, the President and Congress or the laws of the drug barons?63

Criminal organisations not only assumed the state’s powers, as mentioned by former President
Calderón. They have also taken responsibilities in the communities they exercise some form of
control. These communities have benefited from the creation of jobs, the social services provided
in communities where the government has failed to do so, and the money given to local
churches.64 Within this context, despite a lack of ideology, Mexican criminal organisations have
successfully performed activities that should only be performed by the state.

The second argument questioning the desirability to determine the existence of a noninternational armed conflict emphasises human rights’ violations by the state armed forces while
increasing the levels of violence and impunity. After former President Calderón launched the socalled ‘war' against organised criminal organisations, were deployed 70,000 soldiers and marines
to collaborate with 30,000 federal police officers trained to combat organised criminal
organisations.65 The deployment of soldiers and marines was not the only measure taken by
The former National Secretary of Defence, General Guillermo Galván Galván, has confirmed that ‘criminal
organisations have taken over state institutions in some regions where "public security has been completely
overrun”’ in Reveles (n 11) 158.
63 Ibid 158-9.
64 Ballal (n 1) 24.
65 Reveles (n 11) 159.
62

15

Laila Martínez de Santiago

former President Calderón. After an agreement made between Mexico and the United States,
there was a significant increment in the number of extraditions between these two countries.66 At
the same time, the number of raids to methamphetamine labs and the destruction of marijuana
crops increased. These measures alone proved ineffective, and in 2008 judicial reforms were
implemented.67

Without the declaration of a state of emergency derived from a non-international armed conflict,
army officials have not complied with the rules of war and armed conflicts allowing for impunity
of army officials in human right’s violations. Citizens of the country find themselves as collateral
damage in a conflict that it is not properly regulated.

The extradition of criminals to the United States would guarantee a fair trial. Members of criminal organisations
continued to operate from detention centres. After being extradited to the US, members of these groups lose the
power and impunity they have obtained through bribes and extortion.
67 The measures included the broaden understanding of the term ‘organised crime’; the inadmissibility of
confessions obtained under torture; the inclusion of alternatives to jail for minor offences; the participation of judges
in every step of the trials; a new, oral system for trials, among other measures. In Ballal (n 1) 7-8.
66

16

Laila Martínez de Santiago

3. International Humanitarian Law: Non-international Armed Conflicts
3.1 Defining Non-International Armed Conflicts.
Identifying an armed conflict not of an international character is crucial for the application of the
law of non-international armed conflict. International Humanitarian Law (IHL) is the branch of
law that regulates the conduct of participants in an armed conflict. According to the situation, it
is necessary to assess if the level of violence amounts to what can be considered an ‘armed
conflict’.68 Nonetheless, the literature on the law of armed conflict has focused disproportionally
on international armed conflicts69. It was not until recent times that more authors focus on
particular aspects of the law applicable to non-international armed conflicts.70

The differences in treaty law between these types of conflicts are vast. Starting with the Geneva
Conventions of 1949, the Hague Conventions that preceded them, and Additional Protocol I of
1977, these focus solely on armed conflicts of international character. These treaties contained a
detailed body of rules relating to the conduct of hostilities and the protection of those who do not
take part, or no longer take part in hostilities.71 In comparison, the rules regulating noninternational armed conflicts are restricted to common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions and
Additional Protocol II of 1977. At the same time, it was stated by the Appeals Chamber of the
ICTY in the Tadic (Appeal on Jurisdiction)72 that customary international law fills the gaps left
by treaty law regarding non-international armed conflicts.

While the extensive law regulating international armed conflicts makes possible to easily identify
hostilities of this nature, it can not be said the same about NIAC. Article 2 common to the
Geneva Conventions states that such Convention ‘shall apply to all cases of declared war or of
any other armed conflict which may arise between two or more High Contracting Parties, even if

Dapo Akande, ‘Classification of Armed Conflicts: Relevant Legal Concepts’ in Elizabeth Wilmshurst (ed)
International Law and the Classification of Conflicts (Oxford University Press 2012) 32.
69 Sandesh Sivakumaran, The Law of Non-International Armed Conflict (1st ed, Oxford University Press, 2002) 1
70 For instance, Anthony Cullen The Concept of Non-International Armed Conflicts in International Humanitarian
Law (Cambridge University Press, 2010); Lindsay Moir, The Law of Internal Armed Conflict (Cambridge University
Press, 2002); Liesbeth Zegveld, Accountability of Armed Opposition Groups in International Law (Cambridge
University Press, 2002).
71 Akande (n 68) 34, 35.
72 Prosecutor v. Tadić, (Appeal on Jurisdiction) IT-94-1-AR72 (2 October 1995) [127].
68

17

Laila Martínez de Santiago

the state of war is not recognised by one of them’. It can be said then that an international armed
conflict is an inter-state conflict, with the exception of self-determination conflicts of national
liberation. Despite being an internal armed conflict, wars of national liberation are contemplated
in article 1(4) of the Additional Protocol I of 1977, stating that also applies to armed conflicts ‘in
which peoples are fighting against colonial domination and alien occupation and against racist
regimes in the exercise of their right of self-determination’.73

Determining whether or not a situation of violence within a State could be classified as a noninternational armed conflict is not as simple as determining the existence of an international
armed conflict.74 A situation of violence within a state could be labelled as a riot, internal
tensions or disturbances, disregarding the application of the law of non-international armed
conflict. The difficulty to identify an armed conflict of this nature arises from the lack of an
authoritative definition. This has caused a shift in the debate, centring the efforts in finding facts
that will aid to the identification of an armed conflict, rather than trying to find a definition for
this kind of conflict itself.75

The absence of definition is by no means an accident, and the reason to it can be found in the
differences of opinion between delegates, in the Diplomatic Conference that took place in 1949.
During the Conference, numerous attempts were made to define a non-international conflict, and
the original text that would become common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions was
developed. It provided that:
[i]n all cases of armed conflict not of an international character which may occur in the territory
of one or more of the High Contracting Parties, each of the adversaries shall be bound to
implement the provisions of the present Convention. The Convention shall be applicable in these
circumstances, whatever the legal status of the Parties to the conflict and without prejudice
thereto.76

The opinion among delegates was divided in two. One group was conformed by those who
believed the Conventions should apply to all cases of armed conflict not of an international
73 Akande,

(n 68) 49.
Ibid 50.
75 Sivakumaran, (n 69) 156.
76 Final Record of the Diplomatic Conference of Geneva of 1949 (Federal Political Department, Berne), Vol I, 47.
74

18

Laila Martínez de Santiago

character. The other group of delegates opposed to the idea, arguing that the Conventions should
'not apply to conflicts of this nature'.77 After numerous modifications, what is now common
Article 3 was adopted by 34 votes to 12, with one abstention.78 Nevertheless, the disagreement
throughout the drafting process is reflected in the ambiguity of definition of non-international
armed conflicts and the uncertain scope of application of such article.

The lack of a clear definition of this type of conflicts and the uncertain applicability of common
Article 3 has been subject of study. The ‘no-definition’ school of thought believes that no
definition can be ‘precise enough to cover all possible manifestations of a particular concept’.79
In this sense, an overly strict definition would restrict the application of common Article 3 to
very specific situations, while a broad interpretation of common Article 3 would grant
humanitarian protection in as many situations as possible. The International Committee of the
Red Cross has used this ambiguity to 'push the threshold of application as low as possible',80 to
provide aid in all situations of civil unrest.81

The absence of an accepted definition of ‘armed conflict’ has not posed a challenge in the sphere
of international armed conflicts. It is relatively easy to determine the existence of an international
armed conflict due to the involvement of troops of different states engaged in combat.82 This is
not the case of internal armed conflicts, mostly due to the common use of force of states within
their territories. While it is rare for states to employ force in its relations with other states, this
practice is frequently used within the state’s territory, ranging from everyday enforcement
actions, to large-scale operations aiming to suppress civil disturbances. As a result, it posses a big
challenge to determine when a situation of law enforcement or civil unrest has reached the
threshold to be considered an armed conflict.83
Sivakumaran (n 69) 157.
Final Record (n85) 339.
79 Lindsay Moir, The Law of Internal Armed Conflict (Cambridge University Press, 2002) 32.
80 Georges Abi-Saab , ‘Non-International Armed Conflicts’ in UNESCO, International Dimensions of Humanitarian
Law (Dordrecht, 1988) 224-225.
81 Ibid 225.
82 Sylvain Vité, ‘Typology of Armed Conflicts in International Humanitarian Law: Legal Concepts and Actual
Situations’ (2009) 91 Int Rev Red Cross, 69, 71.
83 Moir (n 79) 34.
77
78

19

Laila Martínez de Santiago

There are also political factors that can influence the determination of existence of an armed
conflict not of an international character. The State in which the conflict is taking place should be
the that will determine the kind of conflict in its own territory. If another State were to determine
it, this action could be perceived as an intervention of the State’s internal affairs.84 This allow the
labelling of situations in accordance with political interests of the actors concerned, even if the
facts on the ground say otherwise, preventing the application of humanitarian law.

The formula proposed by common Article 3 ‘armed conflict not of an international character’
was the closest to a definition for internal armed conflicts during 1949 to 1995. Additional
Protocol II concluded in 1977 also played an important role in the attempt to define this type of
conflicts, proposing additional criteria to the concept in order for the Protocol to apply.85 It
wasn’t until 1995 that the Appeals Chamber of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
Former Yugoslavia (ICTY) provided a more precise definition in the Tadić Decision on
Interlocutory Appeal on Jurisdiction. The Appeals Chamber concluded that ‘an armed conflict
exists whenever there is a resort to armed force between states or protracted armed violence
between governmental authorities and organised armed groups or between such groups within a
State’.86 This definition has been adopted by a variety of actors,87 since it combines the elements
proposed by common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II. It can be said then, that an armed
conflict not of an international character is ‘protracted armed violence between governmental
authorities and organised armed groups or between such groups’.88

Uncertainty continues surrounding the identification of a non-international armed conflict despite
the definition provided by the Appeals Chamber of the ICTY. Debate continues to exist as to
whether or not a given a situation reached the threshold to be considered a non-international
armed conflict. Nevertheless, the debate moved on from seeking a precise definition of ‘nonIbid.
Sivakumaran, (n 69) 164.
86 Prosecutor v. Tadić (n 72) [70].
87 Sivakumaran (n 69) 155.
88 Ibid.
84
85

20

Laila Martínez de Santiago

international armed conflict’, to the facts that aided in the identification of this type of conflicts.
Also, to the actual application of the law of war in non-international armed conflicts. The next
section of this chapter will describe the facts enshrined in common Article 3, Additional Protocol
II and the Tadic Jurisprudence that aided on the identification of this internal conflicts.

3.2 Common Article 3.
Frequently referred to as a ‘Convention in miniature’ or as a ‘microcosm' of the Geneva
Conventions as a whole,89 common Article 3 is an attempt to 'impose the underlying
humanitarian principles of all four Conventions upon the parties to internal armed conflicts'.90
After numerous debates between the delegates, participants of the Diplomatic Conference held in
1949, the outcome was the adoption of the proposal that would become common Article 3,
reading as follows:
In the case of an armed conflict not of an international character occurring in the territory of one
of the High Contracting Parties, each Party to the conflict shall apply as a minimum, the
following provisions: 1. Persons taking no active part in the hostilities, including members of the
armed forces who have laid down their arms and those placed hors de combat by sickness,
wounds, detention, or any other cause, shall in all circumstances be treated humanely, without any
adverse distinction founded on race, colour, religion or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other
similar criteria. To this end the following acts are and shall remain prohibited at any time and in
any place whatsoever with respect to the above-mentioned persons: a. violence to life and person,
in particular murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture; b. taking of hostages; c.
outrages upon personal dignity, in particular humiliating and degrading treatment; d. the passing
of sentences and the carrying out of executions without previous judgement pronounced by a
regularly constituted court, affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as
indispensable by civilized peoples. 2. The wounded and sick shall be collected and cared for.91

The International Court of Justice states that 'the rules in such article reflect elementary
considerations of humanity applicable under customary international law to any armed
conflict’,92 but it does not define exactly what is meant by a non-international armed conflict.
Instead, the text of the article provides that it is applicable: ‘in case of armed conflict not of an
international character occurring in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties’. There
are two separate criteria in this provision. First, the requirement regarding the geographical

89 Abi-Saab

(n 80) 31.
Moir (n 79) 31.
91 Article 3 common to the four Geneva Conventions.
92 Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua (Nicaragua v. United States of America)
(Judgement, Merits) [1986] ICJ Rep 14 [218].
90

21

Laila Martínez de Santiago

location of the conflict taking place ‘in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties’.93
This requirement has lost importance in practice since the four Geneva Conventions have
universally been ratified now meaning that any armed conflict between governmental armed
forces and armed groups, or between these groups, can only take place on the territory of one of
the parties to the Convention.94 However, this has not always been the case. An example of this
is the armed conflict taking place in Yemen in the 1960s.

This State was not part of the

Convention at that time, therefore, common Article 3 was inapplicable and the conduct of
hostilities must had been regulated by customary law. With the wide acceptance of common
Article 3 this could be considered as customary international law.95

The second criteria provided by CA3 is the existence of an ‘armed conflict’. The absence of a
universally accepted definition of the term was discussed in the first part of this chapter, but it
could be said that common Article 3 only defines those conflicts to which applies in a negative
way ‘not of an international character’ without offering further guidance as to their exact
identification.96 In order to determine the existence of a non-international armed conflict, it is
necessary to identify the parties to the conflict. In the case of a conflict governed by common
Article 3, at least one of the parties must be a non-state group. This could be between a State and
non-state armed group or between non-state groups. International humanitarian law provides the
elements to take into account when determining that a group can be regarded as a party to an
armed conflict. In order to do so, a group must have certain level of organisation with a
command structure97 and the level of violence must reach certain level of intensity.98 This
elements will be further discussed in the next chapter.

Moir (n 79) 31.
ICRC ‘How is the Term “Armed Conflict” defined in International Humanitarian Law?’ (2008) Opinion Paper, 3.
95 Nicaragua v. United States of America (n 92), reaffirmed by the the Yugoslav Tribunal Appeals Chamber in
Prosecutor v Tadic (n 72) [98].
96 Moir (n 79) 31.
97 Jelena Pejic, ‘Status in Armed Conflicts’, in Elizabeth Wilmshurst and Susan Breau (eds), Perspectives on the
ICRC Study on Customary International Humanitarian Law (Cambridge University Press, 2007) 85, 86.
98 Prosecutor v Tadić (n 72) [70].
93
94

22

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Besides the level of organisation and structure of the non-state armed group, some scholars add a
further condition, affirming that the motives of the group must be taken into account. This
suggests that purely criminal groups acting for private, instead of non-political motives, such as
‘mafia’ groups and territorial gangs, would not have the possibility to be part of a noninternational armed conflict.99 Nevertheless, this additional condition does not has legal basis
under international humanitarian law. International criminal tribunals have not made reference to
the purposes or motivation of the groups in question to determine whether these can be party to
a conflict, with the exception of the ICTY. In the Limaj case, the defence contested the argument
that the fighting in 1988 between Serbian forces and the Kosovo Liberation Army could
constitute an armed conflict. Their argument was based on the notion that Serbian forces were
not intended to defeat the enemy army, but to carry out "ethnic cleansing" in Kosovo'.100 The
Tribunal argued that ‘the determination of the existence of an armed conflict is based solely on
two criteria: the intensity of the conflict and organisation of the parties, the purpose of the armed
forces to engage in acts of violence or also achieve some further objective is, therefore,
irrelevant’.101

In a general aspect, the motives behind criminal groups’ actions are difficult to identify. Some of
these groups 'carry out criminal activities such as extortion or drug-trafficking',102 while pursuing
political objectives. Some others doe not have have political objectives, but exercise a power
pertaining to the political sphere.103
3.3 Additional Protocol II.
On the years after the adoption of common Article 3 in 1949, there was a clear need to further
develop the law regulating non-international armed conflicts. During the Diplomatic Conference
on the Reaffirmation and Development of International Humanitarian Law in 1974, members of

Vité (n 82) 78.
Ibid.
101 Prosecutor v. Limaj, (Judgement) IT-03-66-T (30 November 2005) [84].
102 Vité (n 82) 78.
103 Ibid.
99

100

23

Laila Martínez de Santiago

the government and Red Cross experts expressed an urgent need to amend or clarify the rules
governing internal armed conflicts:
When put to the test… The rules of protection in [common] Article 3 had been shown to require
elaboration and completion. Government and Red Cross experts consulted by the ICRC since
1971 had confirmed the urgent need to strengthen the protection of victims of non-international
armed conflicts by developing international humanitarian law applicable in such situations.104

A draft of the Protocol was made by the ICRC and it was put before the Diplomatic
Conference,105 providing that it would apply ‘to all armed conflicts not Covered by Article 2 to
the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, taking place between armed forces or other
organised armed groups under responsible command’.106 The scope of application was intended
to be the same as CA3, however, this draft did not obtain a widespread acceptance among states.
Some argued that the scope of application needed further elaboration, pushing for the addition of
elements that would aid with the identification of existence of a non-international armed
conflict.107 Other states appealed for more clarity on the terms used by the ICRC, ‘responsible
command’ and ‘armed forces or other organised armed groups under responsible command’.108
At the end of numerous debates of this nature, two protocols were adopted: one dealing with
international armed conflicts, Additional Protocol I,109 and the other one dealing with noninternational armed conflicts, Additional Protocol II.110

While Additional Protocol II addresses non-international armed conflicts, it is important to
discuss the exclusion of wars of national liberation to Additional Protocol II. Before the
Diplomatic Conference in 1974, there was no consensus on the status of wars of national

Bujard (ICRC) 'Official Records of the Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and Development of
International Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts’ Geneva (1974-1977), (1978) CDDH/I/SR/22 VIII,
201
105 Sivakumaran (n 69) 182.
106 Draft Protocol Additional to Geneva Conventions of August 12 1949, Article 1(1), in Official Records (n 104) Vol
I, Part Three, 33.
107 Official Records (n 104) Vol VIII, 209 [40] and 212 [57]. France and Vietnam respectively.
108 Ibid 209 [37] and 231 [11]. Spain and Argentina respectively.
109 Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection of Victims of
International Armed Conflicts (Geneva, 1977) 1125 UNTS 3.
110 Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating to the Protection of Victims of
Non-International Armed Conflicts, (Geneva, 1977) 1125 UNTS 609.
104

24

Laila Martínez de Santiago

liberation under international humanitarian law. The international character of these conflicts was
recognised in resolutions adopted by the UN General Assembly.111

The scope of application of international armed conflicts was defined in common Article 2 of the
Geneva Conventions and only after the Diplomatic Conference of 1974, the scope of application
was broadened in article 1, providing the following:
1. The High Contracting Parties undertake to respect and to ensure respect for this Protocol in all
circumstances.
2. In cases not covered by this Protocol or by other international agreements, civilians and
combatants remain under the protections and authority of the principles of international law
derived from established custom, from the principles of humanity and from dictates of public
conscience.
3. This Protocol, which supplements the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949for the
Protection of war victims, shall apply in the situations referred to in Article 2 common to
those Conventions.
4. The situations referred to in the preceding paragraph include armed conflicts which peoples
are fighting against colonial domination and alien occupation and against regimes in the exercise
of their right to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and the
Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Co-operation
among states in accordance with the Charter of the Unites Nations.112

This way, the concept of armed conflicts of international character provided by common Article
2, is expanded in the last paragraph of the first article of the Additional Protocol I. The debate to
the characterisation of wars of national liberation was lead by members of Third World
Countries, despite the widespread belief among delegates that this kind of conflicts should be
considered of non-international character. The argument behind the attempt to internationalised
this type of conflicts was briefly explained by the President of the Islamic Republic of
Mauritana, Ould Dada, stating that 'the countries of the Third World were asking very little: only
that the Conference should not exclude freedom fighters from protection. Such fighters would
never renounce their rights.’113

The most detailed explanation for the internationalisation of wars of national liberation was
provided by the Professor Georges Abi-Saab of the Egyptian Delegation. He argued that
Anthony Cullen The Concept of Non-International Armed Conflicts in International Humanitarian Law
(Cambridge University Press, 2010) 64.
112 Additional Protocol I, Article 1(4).
113 Official Records (n 104) vol V, CDDH/SR.1, 13-14.
111

25

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Wars of national liberation had formed a very important category of armed struggle in the
post-1945 period and a number of them were still continuing,\. Contemporary international law
recognised such wars as international armed conflicts. United Nations General Assembly
Resolution 3103 (XXVIII) was the latest in a stream of resolutions of important international
bodies proclaiming that principle. The General Assembly had, indeed, gone further by
recommending sanctions against colonial, alien and racist régimes and the provision of assistance
to specific liberation movements, and the Security Council in one case had ordered mandatory
sanctions. It would be difficult to explain all such international action if wars of national
liberation were to be considered merely as armed conflicts of a non-international character.
Existing practice provided abundant proof of the international nature of such conflicts.114

While most of the delegations belonging to Third World states and socialist states supported the
internationalisation of wars of national liberation, the majority of Western states representatives
opposed to the idea.115 The representatives of the governments of Canada, United Kingdom, the
Netherlands and the United States, among others, protested against what the saw as a
‘politicisation' of international humanitarian law.116 They argued that ‘the introduction of a
distinction into international humanitarian law based on the cause for which a particular group
was fighting, would not improve the implementation of this body of law’.117 Despite the
arguments presented by the delegates of Western states, the final version of Article 1 of
Additional Protocol I was approved with 70 votes in favour,118 21 against119 and 13
abstentions.120 This represented a victory to the ‘Third World’ countries, even though none of the
conflicts taking place after the adoption of such Protocol have fallen under the scope of Article
1(4).121

After the adoption of wars of national liberation as international armed conflicts, there was less
interest in the formulation of a Protocol relating to non-international armed conflicts. M. AbdulMalik expressed the view of the delegates by stating that 'his delegation… wondered whether
draft Protocol II was necessary, since draft Protocol I, article 1 covered the three possible

Ibid vol VIII, CDDH/SR.2, 8.
Lysaght, ‘The Attitude of Western Countries’, in Cassese (ed), New Humanitarian Law, (Naples: Editoriale
Scientifica s.r.l., 1979), 349-356.
116 Cullen (n 111) 73-77.
117 Ibid 78.
118 Official Records, (n 104), vol V, CDDH/SR.11, 102, in Cullen (n 111) 79.
119 Ibid.
120 Ibid.
121 Cullen (n 111) 85.
114
115

26

Laila Martínez de Santiago

situations, namely those in which peoples were fighting against colonial domination, alien
domination or racist regimes’.122 In fact, developing countries were in favour of restricting as
much as possible the scope of application of APII, so that their situation would be covered by
API.123

During the Diplomatic Conference some delegates favoured the idea of adopting only one
protocol that would be applicable to all situations of armed conflict. This suggestion was made in
an attempt to avoid the problems of classification of conflicts depending on their international
and non-international nature. During his participation, the representative of the Swedish
delegation explained the reasons behind this position:
All armed conflicts, whatever their magnitude, should be subject to the same humanitarian rules.
Since the existing conventions were limited to international armed conflicts, non-international
conflicts were sometimes claimed to be international so that the humanitarian law in force might
apply. One set of legal rules for all conflicts would obviate allegations of foreign countries. The
most appropriate solution would be to define rules relating to non-international armed conflicts
which would closely resemble the rules applicable in international conflicts. It was absolutely
vital for combatants in the field to be protected by clear and uncomplicated rules.124

This was not the first attempt of this nature to modify the law regulating armed conflicts. During
the Diplomatic Conference in which the Conventions of 1949 were drafted, this idea was also
discussed, however, it did not get enough support, raising concerns regarding its impact on state
sovereignty. Although the main concern was not about sovereignty when this proposition was put
forward during the Diplomatic Conference of 1974, the majority of delegates did not support the
idea of 'international humanitarian law relating to situations of non-international armed conflict
being equivalent to that of international armed conflict’.125
On the other hand, the idea of formulating two protocols instead of only one instrument
regulating all kinds of armed conflicts, was strongly supported by the ICRC representatives at
the Diplomatic Conference. This approach was intended to achieve ‘a delicate balance between
the needs of humanity and the security requirements of the State intending to take the requisite
Official Records (n 104) vol VIII, CDDH/I/SR.24, 232.
Cullen (n 111) 86.
124 Official Records (n 104) vol V, CDDH/SR.14, 142.
125 Cullen (n 111) 89, 90.
122
123

27

Laila Martínez de Santiago

steps to maintain and re-establish order on its territory’.126 After deliberation and despite the
view of some delegates of ADII as ‘unnecessary’, a consensus was finally achieved. In an effort
to obtain the support needed for the adoption of Additional Protocol II, the original draft
conformed by four preambular paragraphs and forty-seven articles, was reduced considerably,
while the threshold of application was raised above the originally proposed by the ICRC.

During the Diplomatic Conference was decided that Additional Protocol II would apply to armed
conflicts ‘which take place in the territory of a High Contracting Party between its armed forces
and dissident armed forces or other organised armed groups which, under responsible command,
exercise such control over a part of its territory as to enable them to carry out sustained and
concerted military operations and to implement this Protocol’.127 This way, the threshold of
application of APII to non-international armed conflicts is higher than the one in CA3 in
numerous ways. First, unlike common Article 3, applicable to all non-international armed
conflicts, the Protocol is not applicable to conflicts arising between two or more organised armed
groups. This means that the Protocol applies only if governmental forces are part to the armed
conflict.128 This way in which the threshold of application is higher than the one in common
Article 3, proves to be inconvenient, since there could be situations in which the government has
collapsed or it is too weak to intervene, leaving the development of the conflict in the hands of
only armed groups.129 Moreover, some of the conflicts taking place in the last few decades ‘have
occurred between factions none of which could plausibly be regarded as the government of a
State.’130 Another issue arising from Article 1(1) is the lack of determination of what exactly can
be considered an ‘organised armed group’. While some delegates implied the need of an
organisation similar to the one in state armed forces, an explanatory note inserted into the Report
of Committee I intended to explain this concept as follows: 'all the armed forces -including those
which under some national systems might not be called regular forces- constituted in accordance

Official Records (n 104) vol VIII, CDDH/I/SR.22, 202 in Cullen (n 111) 91.
Protocol II, Article 1(1)
128 Akande (n 68) 54.
129 Abi-Saab (n 80) 228-229 in Moir (n 79) 104.
130 Christopher Greenwood, 'International Humanitarian Law and United Nations Military Operations’ (1998) 1
Yearbook of IHL 3 [138] in Moir (n 79) 104.
126

127 Additional

28

Laila Martínez de Santiago

with national legislation under some national systems’.131 However, some scholars have labelled
this explanation as ‘inadequate' for the correct application of the Protocol.132

Second, it is required that the armed group exerts control over territory. This requirement is
linked to two different elements: the ability to carry out sustained and concerted military
operations and the ability to implement the Protocol. The first element is explained in the
Commentary on the Additional Protocols by the ICRC.133 ‘Sustained' makes reference to the
operations that keep going or are made continuously, making emphasis on the continuity and
persistence. On the other hand, ‘concerted’ means 'agreed upon, planned and contrived, done in
agreement according to a plan'.134 This means that the military operations must be conceived and
planned by the organised armed groups, ruling out the criteria of duration and intensity of the
attacks. If these criteria were to be considered, then there would be a subjective element when
the applicability of the Protocol should not depend on the subjective judgement of the parties,
whereas continuity and intensity represent an objective assessment of the situation. To fulfil the
control over territory requirement, it is also necessary that the armed group has the ability to
implement the Protocol. The ICRC manifested that:
In many conflicts there is considerable movement in the theatre of hostilities; it often happens
that territorial control changes rapidly. Sometimes domination of a territory will be relative, for
example, when urban centres remain in government hands while rural areas escape their
authority. In practical terms, if the insurgent armed groups are organised in accordance with the
requirements of the Protocol, the extent of territory they can claim to control will be that which
escapes the control of the government armed forces. However, here must be some degree of
stability in the control of even a modest area of land for them to be capable of effectively
applying the rules of the Protocol.135

The third difference between the application of APII and common Article 3 is that the Protocol
applies to ‘non-international armed conflicts taking place in the territory of a party between its
armed forces and and organised armed groups’. This statement combines two different
requirements: the first one is that the conflict must take place in the territory of a party and the

Y Sandoz, C Swinarski and B Zimmermann, Commentary on the Additional Protocols of 8 June 1977 to the
Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 (ICRC, 1987) 626 in Moir (n 79) 105.
132 Moir (n 79)105.
133 Commentary on the Additional Protocols (n 131) 1352 [4463] in Moir (n 79) 104.
134 Moir (n 79) 104.
135 Commentary on the Additional Protocols (n 131) 1352-3 [4463].
131

29

Laila Martínez de Santiago

second one is that it must be solely between the forces of that party and armed groups.136 In a
situation in which a foreign State intervenes in an internal armed conflict with prior consent of
the State where the armed conflict is taking place, the conflict will remain non-international. In
this case, even when both states are parties to the Protocol, this will not apply to the acts of the
intervening State because 'the conflict is not between the armed forces of that party and armed
groups’.137
In some cases, internal armed conflicts 'meet the standards for the application of common Article
3, but fall below the threshold of Protocol II'.138 This is a direct consequence of the higher
threshold for the application of the Protocol. In these situations, conflicts are governed by
common Article 3. This is possible due to the stipulation that common Article 3 was developed
and supplemented by the Additional Protocol II ‘without modifying its existing conditions of
application’,139 ensuring the protection afforded by Article 3 regardless of the type of internal
conflict.

136 Akande

(n 68) 55.
Ibid.
138 Moir (n 79) 101.
139 Ibid.
137

30

Laila Martínez de Santiago

4. Elements of Non-International Armed Conflicts
4.1 The Tadić Jurisprudence.
The ICTY Appeals Chamber in the Tadić Decision on Interlocutory Appeal on Jurisdiction.
provided the most innovative development of a precise definition of non-international armed
conflicts.140 The chamber stated that ‘an armed conflict exists whenever there is a resort to armed
force between states or protracted armed violence between governmental authorities and
organised armed groups or between such groups within a State’.141 This definition synthesised
the core elements in the definition set out in common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II,
providing a 'neat' and 'concise' definition.142 The legal adviser at the Office of the Prosecutor in
this case, Sonja Boelaert-Suominen, stated the following:
The seemingly innocuous description by the Appeals Chamber of what constitutes an armed
conflict was innovative in various respects. First, it covers a variety of hypotheses and caters
explicitly for conflicts between non-state entities. Second, whilst it sets a low threshold for the
application of humanitarian law in general, it is particularly important for its consequences in
relation to internal armed conflicts. The definition of armed conflict suggested by the Appeals
Chamber covers not only the classic examples of (a) an armed conflict between two or more
states and (b) a civil war between a state on the one hand, and a non-state entity on the other. It
clearly encompasses third situation, (c) an armed conflict in which no government party is
involved because two or more non-state entities are fighting each other.143

In this definition, a clear distinction is made between armed conflicts not of an international
character and internal disturbances, setting out a lower threshold than the one required in article
1(1) of Additional Protocol II. It also contemplates the conflicts between organised groups within
the state, situation that is not contemplated in APII.144

The Tadić Appeals Chamber applied this definition when considered the grounds to determine
the existence of a ‘legally cognizable armed conflict’145 for the application of international
humanitarian law:

Sivakumaran (n 69) 164.
Prosecutor v Tadić (n 72) [70].
142 Sivakumaran (n 69) 164.
143 Sonjia Boelaert-Suominen, ‘Commentary: The Yugoslavia Tribunal and the Common Core of Humanitarian Law
Applicable to all Armed Conflicts’ (2000) 13 Cambridge University Press 632-3 in Cullen (n 111) 119.
144 Cullen (n 111) 119.
145 Prosecutor v Tadić (n 72), para 66.
140
141

31

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Applying the foregoing concept of armed conflicts to this case, we hold that the alleged crimes
were committed in the context of an armed conflict… There has been protracted, large-scale
violence between the armed forces of different states and between governmental forces and
organised insurgent groups. Even if substantial clashes were not occurring in the Prijedor region
at the time and place the crimes allegedly were committed - a factual issue on which the Appeals
Chamber does not pronounce - international humanitarian law applies. It is sufficient that the
alleged crimes were closely related to the hostilities occurring in other parts of the territories
controlled by the parties to the conflict.146

The Tadić Trial Chamber interpreted this definition as a ‘test' to determine the existence of a noninternational armed conflict. In the facts of the case, the Trial Chamber noted that ‘the test
applied by the Appeals Chamber… focuses on two aspects of a conflict: the intensity of the
conflict and the organisation of the parties’.147 These two characteristics have since then been a
constant refrain in the ad hoc international criminal tribunals' jurisprudence.148
4.2. Intensity of the Conflict.
The two components of the concept of non-international armed conflicts mentioned in the
section above cannot be described in abstract terms and must be evaluated on a case-by-case
basis.149 In the Rutaganda case, the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda stated that: 'the
definition of an armed conflict per se is termed in the abstract, and whether or not a situation can
be described as an “armed conflict", meeting the criteria of common Article 3, is to be decided
upon a case-by-case basis’.150 In the Tablada case, the Inter-American Commission on Human
Rights also highlighted the need to consider each situation on its merits:
The most difficult problem regarding the application of Common Article 3 is not at the upper end
of the spectrum of domestic violence, but rather at the lower end. The line separating an
especially violent situation of internal disturbances from the ‘lowest' level Article 3 armed
conflict may sometimes be blurred and, thus, not easily determined. When faced with making
such a determination, what is required in the final analysis is a good faith and objective analysis f
the facts in each particular case.151

The requirement of intensity of the conflict can be interpreted in multiple ways through different
data. This data could include 'the collective nature of the fighting or the fact that the State is
obliged to resort to its army as its police forces are not able to deal with the situation on its

Ibid [70].
Prosecutor v Tadić (Opinion and Judgement) IT-94-1-T (7 May 1997) [562].
148 Sivakumaran, (n 69) 165.
149 Cullen (n 111) 123.
150 Prosecutor v Rutaganda (Judgement) ICTR-96-3-A (26 May 2003).
151 Abella v Argentina Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, report No.55/97, case 11.137.
146
147

32

Laila Martínez de Santiago

own’.152 Also, 'the duration of the conflict, the frequency of the acts of violence and military
operations, the nature of the weapons used, displacement of civilians, territorial control by
opposition forces and the number of victims’.153 The determination of existence of a noninternational armed conflict must be made based on objective criteria, avoiding subjective
judgements of either party of the conflict. As noted by the ICTR Trial Chamber in Akayesu:
It should be stressed that the ascertainment of the intensity of a non-international conflict does
not depend on the subjective judgement of the parties to the conflict. It should be recalled that
the four Geneva Conventions, as well as the two Protocols, were adopted primarily to protect the
victims, as well as potential victims, of armed conflicts. If the application of international
humanitarian law depended solely on the discretionary judgement of the parties to the conflict, in
most cases there would be a tendency for the conflict to be minimised by the parties thereto.
Thus, on the basis of objective criteria, both Common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II will
apply once it has been established there exists an internal armed conflict which fulfils their
respective pre-determined criteria.154

The Tadić definition is useful when determining the threshold for the application of international
humanitarian law, making clear that the intensity required should be higher than the one in
internal disturbances and tensions.155 Nevertheless, this does not mean that the hostilities should
be ‘sustained and concerted military operations’ as required in Additional Protocol II. This way,
the degree of intensity can be determined by the interpretation of the word ‘protracted’.156 Sonja
Boelaert-Suominen attempted to explain the meaning of the term ‘protracted' in the following
statement:
the decision of the Appeals Chamber seems to indicate that this implies a time element. The CaseLaw of the Tribunal indicates that the terms ‘protracted armed violence’ should be interpreted in a
flexible manner and that ‘protracted' does not carry the same meaning as ‘sustained’.
Accordingly, there is no requirement that military operations be carried out in a sustained or
continuous manner.157

On the same note, Bahia Thahzib-lie and Olivia Swaak-Goldman mentioned:

[T]he protracted requirement is met when the hostilities are extended over time and include
events attributable to the conflict. Whether or not hostilities are ‘protracted' is assessed by
reference to the entire period from the initiation of hostilities to the cessation of hostilities. While
an examination of the ‘protracted' nature of hostilities might be fairly straightforward in a more
classic non-international armed conflict, it is more problematic if several non-State parties are
involved. The extent to which hostilities originating from several different non-State parties can

Vité (n 82) 76.
Roger Pinto ‘Report of the Commission of experts for the study of the question of aid to the victims of internal
conflicts’ (1963) 23 International Review of the Red Cross 59, 82-83.
154 Prosecutor v Jean-Paul Akayesu ICTR-96-4-A 23 (November 2001) [603].
155 Cullen (n 111) 127.
156 Ibid.
157 Boelaert-Suominen (n 143) 634, in Cullen (n 111) 128.
152
153

33

Laila Martínez de Santiago

be aggregated in considering whether hostilities are protracted will depend on the relationship
between the non-State parties.158

The protracted element should not be measured based on hostilities carried out in a sustained or
continuous manner; instead, it should be judged the entire period of hostilities as reference. The
Milošević Rule 98bis Decision assessed the level of intensity required to determine the existence
of a non-international armed conflict. This was based on the following criteria: ‘lenght or
protracted nature of the conflict and the seriousness of armed clashes,159 spread of clashes over
the territory,160 the increase in number of governmental forces sent to Kosovo161 and the type of
weaponry used’.162 The Trial Chamber made other two significant points when clarifying the
threshold for the application of international humanitarian law. It determined that neither the
existence of a civilian authority163 nor control over territory are requirements for determining the
existence of a non-international armed conflict.164

In another assessment of the intensity of the conflict in Kosovo but in a different period of time,
the Limaj Trial Chamber employed a similar approach to the one used by the Milošević Trial
Chamber.165 The conditions that the Limaj Trial Chamber took into consideration as indicative of
the intensity of hostilities were the following: ‘the seriousness of armed clashes,166 mobilisation
of troops by the government,167 the kind of weaponry utilised,168 the destruction of property,169
the displacement of local population170 and the existence of casualties’.171 The Trial Chamber
also emphasised that the purpose of the fighting is ‘irrelevant' since the determination of
existence of an armed conflict must be based solely on two criteria: 'the intensity of the conflict
Thahzib-lie and Swaak-Goldman ‘Determining the Threshold’ in Lijnzaad et al. Making the Voice of Humanity
Heard (Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2004) 248, in Cullen (n 111) 128.
159 Prosecutor v. Milošević (Decision on Motion for Judgement of Acquittal) ICTY IT-02-54-T (16 June 2004) [28]
in Cullen (n79) 128.
160 Ibid [29].
161 Ibid [30].
162 Ibid [31] in Cullen (n 111) 128-129.
163 Ibid [34].
164 Ibid [36].
165 Cullen (n 1111) 129
166 Prosecutor v Limaj et al. (n 101) [135]-[43].
167 Ibid [150].
168 Ibid [166].
169 Ibid [142].
170 Ibid [142], [167].
171 Ibid [134].
158

34

Laila Martínez de Santiago

and the organisation of the parties'.172 Some studies have suggested determining the existence of
an armed conflict based on a numerical threshold of deaths. For example, the Uppsala
Department of Peace and Conflict Research suggests a threshold of twenty five battle-related
deaths,173 while the Yearbook of the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute sets a
threshold of 1,000.174 The setting up of numerical thresholds is inappropriate for different
reasons. The first reason is that the criterion of organisation of non-state actors is ignored,
focusing only on the intensity of the conflict based on the number of deaths. The second reason
is that the number of deaths occurring in a conflict is only a subset of the total number of victims.
Lastly, it would establish a higher threshold than the one established in common Article 3,
limiting the application of international humanitarian law.175

A different approach to determining the intensity of the violence is the factor of the duration of
hostilities. Since the Appeals Chamber utilised the term ‘protracted’ instead of referring to a
certain level of violence, it can be understood that the period of time is the most critical factor to
assess the intensity of hostilities. Nevertheless, if duration were the only element to consider
when assessing the intensity of the conflict, a short period of fighting, such as the one in La
Tablada case, would not be considered a non-international armed conflict.176 The Appeals
Chamber 'added the words large-scale to the requirement of protraction to convey a sense of
magnitude’.177 Also, the Boškoski Trial Chamber mentioned that ‘care is needed not to lose sight
of the requirement for protracted armed violence in the case of an internal armed conflict, when
assessing the intensity of the conflict’.178 This way, if there were acts of violence of relatively
brief duration, the situation can still be considered an armed conflict. Likewise, acts of violence
of moderate intensity over a an extended period of time may amount to the determination of an
internal armed conflict.179
Cullen (n 111) 130.
Peter Wallensteen, Margareta Sollenberg ‘Armed Conflict, 1989-2000’ (2001) 38 Journal of Peace Research 629
174 The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), ’SIPRI Yearbook 2006: Armaments, Disarmament
and International Security 27
175 Cullen (n 111) 131.
176Juan Carlos Abella v Argentina OEA/Ser.L/V/II.98 Doc. 6 rev. (13 April 1998) Case 11.137 [152].
177 Sivakumaran (n 69) 167.
178 Prosecutor v Boškoski and Tarčulovski (Judgement) IT-04-82-T (10 July 2008) [175].
179 Sivakumaran (n 69) 168.
172
173

35

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Some other factors can be used to assess the existence of a non-international armed conflict.
These can include the geographical spread of the violence,180 the number of deaths, injuries, and
damage caused by the violence;181 the level, length, and duration of violence,182 weapons used by
the parties,183 mobilisation of individuals and distribution of weapons to them,184 the
involvement of third parties,185 the conclusion of ceasefire and peace agreements,186 prosecution
of offences applicable only in armed conflicts187, amnesties188 and the use of armed forces on the
part of the state, instead of the use of police forces.189

Several indicia need to be considered to determine if the intensity of the violence meets or
surpasses the threshold for an internal armed conflict. This should be decided on a case-by-case
basis, since the lack of one or two of them would not mean that the threshold has not been met.
These factors need to be weighed against one other in a particular situation.190

4.3. Organisation of the Armed Group.
In an attempt to aid in the analysis of situations with an unclear status, the International
Committee of the Red Cross has mentioned, in reference to the parties to a non-international
armed conflict:
Prosecutor v. Milošević (159) [29]; Prosecutor v Boškoski (n 179) [216]-[234], [243].
Prosecutor v Tadić (Opinion and Judgement) (n 147) [565]-[566]; Prosecutor v Limaj (n 101) [135]-[167];
Prosecutor v Thomas Lubanga Dyilo (Decision on the Confirmation of Charges) ICC-01/04-01/06 (29 January
2007) [235]
182 Prosecutor v Tadić (Opinion and Judgement) (n 147) [565]-[566]; Prosecutor v Delalić, Mucić, Delić and
Landzo, (Judgement) IT-96-21-T (16 November 1998) [189]; Prosecutor v Milošević (n 159) [28]; Prosecutor v
Limaj (n 101) [135]-[167]
183 Prosecutor v Milošević (n 159) [31]; Prosecutor v Limaj (n 101) [135]-[167]; Prosecutor v Haradinaj, Balaj and
Brahimaj (Judgement) IT-04-84-T (3 April 2008) [49]; Prosecutor v Boškoski (n 178) [213]-[222].
184 Prosecutor v Delalić et al, (n 182) [188]; Prosecutor v Milošević (n 159) [30]; Prosecutor v Limaj (n 101) [135][167].
185 Prosecutor v Tadić (Opinion and Judgement) (n151) [567]; Prosecutor v Delalić (n 182) [190]; Prosecutor v
Haradinaj (n 183) [49]; Prosecutor v Boškoski (n 178) [220]-[224], [232]-[234], [243]; Prosecutor v Lubanga (n
181) [235].
186 Prosecutor v Boškoski (n 178) [232]-[234], [243].
187 Ibid [243], [247]
188 Ibid.
189 Ibid [243], [245]-[246]; ICRC ‘Armed Conflicts Linked to the Disintegration of State Structures, Preparatory
Document Drafted by the International Committee of the Red Cross for the First Periodical Meeting on International
Humanitarian Law’ [1998] 19-23
190 Sivakumaran (n 69) 168-9.
180
181

36

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Common Article 3 does not define the term ‘party to the conflict’. In the case of an international
armed conflict, the parties thereto in principle can only be states, but the situation in noninternational armed conflicts is less clear, as in such cases at least one party to the conflict is not a
State. The general consensus of expert opinion is that armed groups opposing a government must
have a minimum degree of organisation and discipline - enough to enable them to respect
international humanitarian law - in order to be recognised as a party to the conflict.191

In the commentary Elements of War Crimes under the Rome Statute of the International
Criminal Court, is mentioned that the parties ‘should be organised to a greater or lesser
extent.’192 This shows that the existence of the organisational requirement is not controversial
itself. The difficulty arises in determining the necessary level.193 For instance, the Limaj Trial
Chamber noted that ‘some degree of organisation by the parties will suffice’,194 while the
Akayesu Trial Chamber referred to armed forces ‘organised to a greater or lesser extent’.195
Commentators also refer to a ‘minimum’ level of organisation,196 a ‘modicum of organisation’197
and a level of organisation that 'must not be exaggerated’.198

While the Tadić decision fails to provide a definition or explanation of what constitutes and
‘organised armed group’,199 international Jurisprudence has developed a series of indicative
factors to assess the organisation of armed groups. Since these indicia are taken from instances of
high-intensity non-international armed conflicts, 'the lack of existence of one or many of them,
does not mean that a low-level non-international armed conflict is not taking place’.200

The Decision on Motion for Judgement of Acquittal in the case of Prosecutor v. Milošević
(Milošević Rule 98bis Decision) provided clear conditions for the level of organisation required
Ibid 442.
Knut Dörmann, Elements of War Crimes under the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court - sources
and commentary Cambridge University Press (2003) 442.
193 Moir (n 79) 36.
194 Prosecutor v Limaj (n 101) [89].
195 Prosecutor v Jean-Paul Akayesu, (n 154) [620].
196 Dietrich Schindler The Different Types of Armed Conflicts According to the Geneva Conventions and Protocols
[1979] Hague Academy of International Law 119, 163.
197 G.I.a.D Draper, The Geneva Conventions of 1949 (1965) 90.
198 Claus Kress, 'The 1999 Crisis in East Timor and the Threshold of the Law on War Crimes’ (2002) 416.
199 Boelaert-Suominen (n 143) 635 in Cullen (n 111) 124.
200 Sivakumaran, (n 69) 170.
191
192

37

Laila Martínez de Santiago

for an armed group to be considered as ‘organised’ under the Tadić definition.201 The Milošević
Trial Chamber determined that the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) was an organised armed
group based on the following criteria: the existence of ‘an official joint command structure,
headquarters, designated zones of operation, and the ability to procure, transport, and distribute
arms’.202

In the Prosecutor v. Limaj was used the same reasoning behind by the Milošević Rule 98bis
Decision to assess the level of organisation of the KLA in an earlier stage of hostilities than the
one assessed by the Milošević Trial Chamber.203 There was a special focus on the role of the
General Staff acting as the main governing body of the KLA.204 The characteristics of this group
included the ‘appointment of zone commanders,205 the supply of weapons,206 the issuance of
political statements and comuniqués,207 the distribution of KLA regulations to units,208 the
authorisation of military action209 and the assignment of tasks to individuals within the
organisation.’210 Another indicia of organisation shown by the KLA was the engagement of the
General Staff members in negotiations with representatives of missions based in Belgrade and
representatives of the European Community.211 This diplomatic exchange developed in the
following way:
[B]y July 1998 the KLA had become accepted by international representatives, and
within Kosovo, as a key party involved in political negotiations to resolve the Kosovo
crisis. This discloses and confirms that by that time the KLA had achieved a level of
organisational stability and effectiveness. In particular this gave it the recognised ability to speak
with one voice and with a level of persuasive authority on behalf of its members. Both the KLA’s
need for secrecy and the existence of an established hierarchy in its ranks is apparent from the
circumstance that individuals involved in negotiations with foreign missions were referred to by a
number, apparently corresponding to their level in the KLA hierarchy. Further, from the course of
these discussions it appears that the KLA was able to formulate and declare a change of military
tactics and also conditions for refraining from further military action. This is indicative that at the

Cullen (n111) 124.
Prosecutor v. Milošević (n 159) para 23 in Cullen (n 111) 125.
203 Cullen (n 111) 125
204 Prosecutor v Limaj (n 101) para 94.
205 Ibid [96].
206 Ibid [100].
207 Ibid [101].
208 Ibid [98].
209 Ibid [46].
210 Ibid. These characteristics were summarised by Cullen (n 111) 125.
211 Ibid [125].
201
202

38

Laila Martínez de Santiago

time the KLA had the ability to coordinate military planning and activities and to determine a
unified military strategy, as well as the ability to conduct military operations of a larger scale.212

The chain command proved to be another important criteria to take into account when trying to
establish the existence of a non-international armed conflict.
[T]he KLA had a General Staff, which appointed zone commanders, gave directions to the
various units formed or in the process of being formed, and issued public statements on behalf of
the organisation. Unit commanders gave combat orders and subordinate units and soldiers
generally acted in accordance with these orders. Steps have been established to introduce
disciplinary riles and military police.213

The command structure is what allows to have a coordinate and unified military strategy, which
is a very useful indicia in order to determine the level of organisation of an armed group. Another
criteria cited as evidence of the latter by the Trial Chamber, is the ability to recruit, train and
equip new members. This goes hand in hand with the possession of weapons by the group
members and the intensity of hostilities utilising these weapons.
By the end of May 1998 KLA units were constantly in armed clashes with substantial
Serbian forces in areas from the Kosovo-Albanian border in the west, to near Prishtina/
Pristina in the east, to Prizren/Prizren and the Kosovo-Macedonian border in the south
and the municipality of Mitrovice/Kosovka Mitrovica in the north. The ability of the
KLA to engage in such varied operations is a further indicator of its level of
organisation.214

The Boškoski Trial Chamber also proposed useful indicia regarding the level of organisation.
They focused on the command structure, the capacity to carry out military operations, logistical
ability, the capacity to comply with international humanitarian law obligations, and the ability to
reach agreements within the same group and establish diplomatic dialogues.215

In an early stage of violence, armed groups frequently fail to meet the requisite degree of
organisation, and it is only with time that there is a development on coordination, cohesion, and
structure of the group. Armed groups tend to be organised in one of the following structures:
pyramidal or horizontal.216 The pyramidal structure counts with clearly defined chains of
Ibid [129].
Ibid [171].
214 Ibid [172].
215 Prosecutor v Boškoski (n 178) [199]-[203] in Sivakumaran (n 69) 170.
216 Sivakumaran (n 69) 172.
212
213

39

Laila Martínez de Santiago

command. For example, the Armée de Libération National (ALN) of Algeria was 'highly
structured with a strict chain of command, designated zones of operation, uniforms and insignia,
and military regulations.217 The horizontally structured groups are decentralised, with less clarity
in the different roles and responsibilities, and the power is distributed among various units. For
example, the forces of the Taliban of Afghanistan, are considered to have ‘no organised,
uniformed military, no strategic military plans, and no formal command and control structure
characteristic of a regular military’.218

The decentralisation of a group does not automatically mean that it is not meeting the
requirement of organisation under the scope of international humanitarian law. Even
decentralised structures may be organised in a way they can carry out military operations. This
misunderstanding results from comparing the organisation of armed groups to states' armed
forces with highly structured lines of command as the only form of organisation. Regarding
‘some degree of organisation’ on Additional Protocol II, the ICRC has expressed that ‘this not
necessarily mean that there is a hierarchical system of military organisation similar to that of
regular armed forces’.219 This must be borne in mind at all times, when assessing the requirement
of organisation of non-state armed groups.

Bedjaoui M, Law and the Algerian Revolution (International Association of Democratic Lawyers, 1961) 46-55 in
Sivakumaran (n 69) 173.
218 Parks W, ‘Combatants’, in MN Schmitt (ed), The War in Afghanistan: A Legal Analysis (Volume 85, International
Law Studies, Naval War College, 2009) 247, 258 in Sivakumaran (n 69) 170.
219 Commentary on the Additional Protocols (n 131) 1352.
217

40

Laila Martínez de Santiago

5. Organised Crime in Mexico: Los Zetas
5.1. Origin.
To understand the current context in which organised criminal organisations carry out their
operations in Mexico, is to understand the origin itself of the criminal groups and the importance
of their geographical location within the border with the United States. The present chapter will
explain the origin of the Zetas criminal organisation, starting with their origins as the armed wing
of the Gulf Cartel (CDG), following by the formation of ‘the Company’, only to finish with the
creation of one of the most powerful criminal organisations in the country. It will be reviewed
then, the organisation of the group and the intensity of the attacks they have perpetrated since
their consolidation as an organised criminal organisation.

Before addressing the origin of the Zetas as a criminal organisation, the importance of the state
of Tamaulipas as a strategic point for transnational criminal organisations needs to be explained.
This Mexican state shares a long boundary with Texas and the coastline. Its customs receive
approximately 40 percent of the trade between Mexico and the United States. It also
accommodates 'more than half of the ships destined for the European market'.220 Given this
location, it has played a pivotal role in the drug trafficking business, but the shared border with
the United States is not the only reason why Tamaulipas is a strategic point. The border cities
surrounding the state of Tamaulipas are the main points of entry for traffickers importing illicit
cargo from the south of the country. Therefore, Tamaulipas ‘has more border crossing into the
United States than any other Mexican state’.221 Eduardo Guerrero, a security consultant, and
former intelligence official stated that ‘the shape and size of [the Tamaulipas] border encouraged
smuggling activities, and thus there initially appeared a strong and cohesive organisation with a
strong leadership, the genesis of the Gulf Cartel’.222

Ignacio Alvarado, ‘Una historia de narco política’ El Universal (Mexico, 17 June 2012) <https://
archivo.eluniversal.com.mx/notas/853903.html> accessed 31 Oct 2020.
221 Guadalupe Correa-Cabrera, Los Zetas Inc. (Temas de hoy, 2018) 33-4.
222 Eduardo Guerrero, ‘Epidemias de violencia’ Nexos (Mexico, 1 July 2012) <https://archivo.eluniversal.com.mx/
notas/853903.html> accessed 31 Oct 2020.
220

41

Laila Martínez de Santiago

The origins of the Gulf Cartel can be traced back to 1930, when Juan Nepomuceno Guerra, a
Mexican citizen, smuggled whiskey into the United States during the years of the ‘prohibition'.
He extended his operations in the following decades, adding gambling, prostitution, and car
thefts.223 Despite this diversification of businesses, he was still considered a smuggler instead of
a drug lord. His organisation resembled more to the definition of organised crime provided by
criminologists in the United States in the 1960s than to the current Mexican criminal
organisations. It was only after Juan Nepomuceno Guerra built relationships with officials and
politicians224 that he was seen as the leader of a ‘profitable, criminal enterprise’.225 During the
1980s and because of the influence exerted by the United States, the Gulf Cartel organisation
grew exponentially. ‘Due to US interdiction successes in the Caribbean during the [late 1980s]
and 1990s, Mexico [became] the single most important way-station for cocaine and heroin
produced in the Andes, and [remained] a major producer of marijuana and
methamphetamines’.226 The easy transit into the United States made possible the exponential
growth of the drug trade. After Juan García Ábrego, Juan Nepomuceno Guerra’s nephew took the
leadership of the organisation he allied with the Cali Cartel to transport the product of the
Colombian organisation in exchange for half of each load.227 To fulfil the agreement, García
Ábrego acquired airplanes and warehouses; built airstrips, and made arrangements with law
enforcement authorities that included bribes in exchange for protection and impunity.228 During
the late 1980s and 1990s, the Gulf Cartel introduced cocaine, marijuana, heroin, and
methamphetamines into the United States.229 Even after the arrangements made between the Cali
Cartel and the Gulf Cartel, the activities and organisation of the latter would still fit into the
description of ‘organised criminal organisation’ in Article 2 of the Palermo Convention reviewed
Correa-Cabrea (n 210) 36-7.
Carlos Flores, ‘Political Protection and the Origins of the Gulf Cartel’ (2014) 61 Crime, Law and Social Science
517 in Correa-Cabrera (n223) 37.
225 Damon Tabor, 'Radio Tecnico: How The Zetas Cartel Took Over Mexico With Walkie-Talkies’ Popular Science
(25 March 2014) <https://www.popsci.com/article/technology/radio-tecnico-how-zetas-cartel-took-over-mexicowalkie-talkies/?src=SOC&dom=tw > accessed 31 Oct 2020.
226 Hal Brands, ‘Los Zetas: Inside Mexico’s Most Dangerous Gang’ Air and Space Power Journal (2009) <http://
www.airpower.maxwell.af.mil/apjinternational/apj-s/2009/3tri09/brandseng.htm> accessed 23 Nov 2020 in CorreaCabrera (n 210) 37.
227 Tabor (n 214).
228 Eduardo Guerrero, ‘El Dominio del Miedo’ Nexos (1 July 2014) <https://www.nexos.com.mx/?p=21671>
Accessed 31 Oct 2020.
229 Correa-Cabrera (n 210) 38.
223
224

42

Laila Martínez de Santiago

in Chapter 2. The aim of the organisation was still to obtain a financial benefit from drug
trafficking. It is estimated that between 1985 and 1995, the CDG obtained $20 billion from this
activity.230 The criminal organisation grew and strengthen its ties with government officials,
journalists, migrants, business owners, and gangs.231

After the extradition of García Ábrego to the United States, Osiel Cárdenas became the successor
of the leadership of the criminal organisation.232 It was the first time in the history of the
organisation that a person not belonging to the family of the founder Juan Nepomuseno, became
the leader. While Juan Ábrego relied on the extensive network he built to ensure the permanence
of the organisation,233 Cárdenas resorted to violence as means to consolidate his position as
leader of the Gulf Cartel.234 He formed a group of ‘enforcers’ to seize territory and to be
protected from his enemies. The group’s name was 'Zetas' and its members were ‘highly trained
and brutally efficient’.235 In its beginnings, the group was formed by the leader, Arturo Guzmán
Decena, and thirty deserters of the Mexican army who belonged to elite forces.236 They received
special training from the United States and Israel.237 However, because of the precarious working
conditions and low salaries they received in the military, they decided to make a change, going
from combating criminals to working for them.238 Robert Bunker, a visiting professor at the U.S.
Army War College’s Strategic Studies Institute, stated the following: ‘before the Zetas, it was
basically low-quality foot soldiers and enforcer types… What the Zetas brought to the table was
that [military] operational capability. The other cartels did not know anything about this. It
revolutionised the whole landscape’.239 It has been observed that ‘the appearance of the Zetas
represented a paradigmatic change in the operation of drug-trafficking groups, since it
Juan Munoz, ‘México detiene y entrega a Estados Unidos a su principal narcotraficante’ El Pais (Mexico, 16
January 1996) <https://elpais.com/diario/1996/01/16/internacional/821746813_850215.html> accessed 31 Oct 2020.
231 Guerrero (n230).
232 Correa-Cabrera (n223) 39.
233 Carlos Flores, ‘Political Protection and the Origins of the Gulf Cartel’ in Tony Payán, Kathleen Staudt, and
Anthony Kruszewski (eds), A War That Can’t Be Won: Binational Perspectives on the War on Drugs (Arizona
University Press, 2013) in Correa-Cabrera (n223) 39.
234 Correa-Cabrera (n223) 39.
235 Tabor (n203).
236 Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 39.
237 Ibid.
238 Marco Rodríguez, ‘El poder de los Zetas’ (2006) <https://www.monografias.com/trabajos28/poder-zetas/poderzetas.shtmlin> accessed 23 Nov 2020 in Correa-Cabrera (n223) 39.
239 Tabor (n203) in Correa-Cabrera (n223) 40.
230

43

Laila Martínez de Santiago

inaugurated a social phase in the construction of professional criminal armies’.240 The other
criminal groups in Mexico in those years observed how the Zetas helped Osiel Cárdenas to
consolidate his power not only in Tamaulipas but also in other parts of the Gulf of Mexico.241
The role and the importance of the Zetas in the Gulf Cartel are better explained by professor Hal
Brands:
Cárdenas initially employed the Zetas as hired guns and maintained a firm hold on the
group and its activities. He charged the Zetas with protecting his territory in Nuevo
Laredo, murdering or intimidating competitors, and accompanying drug shipments to the
U.S. border. He also apparently relied on the Zests as his personal protection detail,
making the group an immensely valuable commodity at a time when drug lords such as
Cárdenas were increasingly falling victim to the violence they themselves had
spawned.242

As the Zetas obtained more power and recruited more members, they decided to act as an
independent group with an alliance with the Gulf Cartel. They expanded their business to include
not only drug trafficking but also smuggling of migrants, extortion and kidnapping, selling
black-market oil, among other activities. The close relationship the founders of the Gulf Cartel
made with the community disappeared with the increasing display of violence and the corruption
of law enforcement agencies.243

5.2. The Zeta’s Structure.
An element to consider when assessing a situation to determine the existence of a noninternational armed conflict is the level of organisation of the armed group. Due to the everchanging nature of criminal organisations, it is very difficult to determine if these can be
considered party to a non-international armed conflict in a given situation. The case of the Zetas
is not very different. Despite all the information currently available, the exact organisation of this
criminal group remains uncertain. There are two main theories regarding their organisation. The
first one is the so-called ‘official structure’.244 According to this theory, there is a hierarchy based

Guerrero (n230).
The criminal organisations trying to obtain control over the state of Tamaulipas were the Juárez Cartel and the
Sinaloa Cartel.
242 Brands (n205) in Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 42.
243 Guerrero (n230)
244 Protected witnesses collaborating with law enforcement agencies provided the necessary information to develop
a theory regarding the Zetas’ training and operating methods.
240
241

44

Laila Martínez de Santiago

on military discipline.245 The highest-ranking of the hierarchy is for the so-called ‘old Zetas’.
These were once members of the Mexican army’s special forces. After they made the transition
from members of the army to members of the Zetas, they were in control of the principal routes
of drug-trafficking. The next people in the hierarchy are supposed to control the points of
distribution of illegal products. Known as the ‘new Zetas’, they received special training and
were also allowed to use high-caliber weapons since one of their main tasks included to protect
the ‘old Zetas’.246 Some of them received previous training when they were members of the
Guatemalan army or members of the elite corps of the Secretariat of National Defence
(SEDENA).247 Lastly, the new Zetas were the ones in charge of executing the people designated
by the old Zetas and carrying out essential operations.

The next level is the one formed by a group known as Los Cobras. These members have no
special training, but they can perform essential tasks due to their loyalty towards the
organisation.248 The next level is formed by the halcones or watchers. They were in charge of
collecting information about enemies or police forces, with the aim to protect the organisation.249
This hierarchy is used to form cells that operate like military squadrons to ‘perpetrate
kidnappings and executions of enemies to assure the control of the different trafficking
plazas’.250

Scholars and journalists251 have contested this theory despite it is provided by official sources.
Because of the complex structure of the Zetas organisation, researchers have found that ‘even
though Mexico’s security forces arrest hundreds of suspects every year, these arrests do not
produce much useful intelligence on the organisation of these criminal groups.’252
Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 74.
Ibid 76.
247 Ibid.
248 Ibid.
249 Ibid.
250 Silvia Otero, ‘“Las Estacas”, escoltas de los “Capos" del Golfo’ El Universal (17 December 2007) <https://
archivo.eluniversal.com.mx/nacion/156552.html> accessed 19 Nov 2020.
251 Journalists are the ones providing accurate information regarding organised criminal organisations in Mexico.
Government officials are often bribed by members of these groups and provide misleading information to the public.
252 John Bailey, ‘Los Zetas y McDonald’s’ El Universal (5 Nov 2011) <http://www.eluniversalmas.com.mx/
editoriales/2011/11/55520.php> accessed 19 Nov 2020.
245
246

45

Laila Martínez de Santiago

The second theory compares the structure of the Zetas with a business structure. This theory
proposes a horizontal structure operating through transnational networks with a military
strategy.253 In this theory, the group should be divided into various cells, which take direction
from the central command but have little knowledge of the activities of other cells’.254 This
would explain why even after the detention of several members, the structure of the group
remains unknown. According to this theory, at the top of the structure would be those known for
academics as 'regional managers’ in charge of trafficking illegal goods. As it was mentioned at
the beginning of this chapter, the Zetas did not limit their activities to drug trade only, so the
higher ranking in the hierarchy would be conformed by a board of directors in charge of illegal
businesses in a particular region.255 According to this theory, the next level should be conformed
by members in charge of different activities divided into 'departments': ‘marketing; research,
development, and technology; human resources; and finance’.256 This theory emphasises the
Zetas' 'marketing and branding', meaning that this criminal organisation would resort to the
media to exhibit extreme violence257 to create a sensation of insecurity among the population and
promote their reputation as a violent organisation. After they built the image of their organisation
as extremely violent, they expanded their businesses to include kidnappings and extortions. They
also expanded their control over territory by recruiting new members who would join their
organisation to earn prestige or because the fear of reprisals.258 At the same time, the Zetas would
offer ‘protection' in exchange of money. They would act as both, perpetrators of violence and
peacekeepers.

As for ‘research, development, and technology’, scholars have used this term to emphasise the
development of new technologies and tactics, including complex communications technologies

Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 84.
Brands (n 221) in Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 84.
255 Correa-Cabrea (n 223) 84.
256 Ibid.
257 Mass assassinations, decapitations, narco-blockades, and narco-messages.
258 Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 86.
253
254

46

Laila Martínez de Santiago

and a broad transportation network. According to Damon Tabor, the Zetas operated in the
following way:
At the height of its power, the group developed a Stasi-like army of spies and integrated
technology and social media into their operations. They reportedly employed a team of
computer hackers to track authorities with mapping software, and, according to one
paper, 20 communication specialists to intercept phone calls.259

The use of advanced technologies and communications, allowed them to consolidate their power
in the territories they controlled, and to expand their businesses through the interconnectedness
of their members in a command-and-control capacity. This large number of members belonging
to the organisation was controlled through what scholars have called the ‘human resources’
department. This is very similar to the structure explained in the first theory: the recruitment of
former military personnel, police, gang members, street vendors, taxi drivers, among others,
performing different activities related to the organisation.260 Rodrigo Canales attempted to
attempt the recruitment process to become member of the Zetas:
[The Zetas] focus most of their recruitment on the army, and they very openly advertise
for better salaries, better benefits, better promotion paths, not to mention much better
food, than what the army can deliver. The way they operate is that when hey arrive in a
locality, they let people now that they are there, and they go to the most powerful local
gang and they say "I offer you to be the local representative of the Zeta brand”. If they
agree, they train them and they supervise them on how to run the most efficient criminal
operation for that town, in exchange for royalties.261

With this strategy, the Zetas avoided unnecessary clashes between them and smaller
organisations, expanding their territory of operations. A paramount difference between the Zetas
and some other traditional criminal organisations is the military training they give to their new
recruits. These ‘paramilitary training camps’ were located in remote areas in the states of
Tamaulipas, Nuevo León, and Coahuila. The training is similar to the one given to the special
forces of the Mexican army.262 After this training, members of the Zetas are able to carry out
operations as armed forces instead of traditional criminal organisations. Lastly, scholars have
used the term ‘finance department’ to explain the relevance of the role played by the people
Tabor (n 220) in Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 88.
Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 88.
261 Rodrigo Canales, ‘The deadly genius of drug cartels’ TedSalon (2013) video (17:56) in Correa-Cabrera (n 223)
89.
262 Humberto Padgett, ‘Yo maté con el Z-40: La historia de Karen”' (17 July 2013) <https://play.google.com/books/
reader?id=3HEpDwAAQBAJ&hl=es&pg=GBS.PA332> accessed 20 Nov 2020.
259
260

47

Laila Martínez de Santiago

responsible for making payments to the active members of the organisation, including bribe
payments and the expenses the organisation may have.

While these theories are useful when trying to understand this criminal group's structure, it does
not offer any guidance as to how this group could be controlled or defeated, meaning that these
theories are still linked to transnational organised crime Clashes between the Zetas and state
armed-forces occurred daily. These clashes resulted in civilian casualties and the displacement of
people due to the inability of government officials to control the situation. According to the
indicative factors developed by international jurisprudence, the level of organisation of armed
groups under the Tadić definition must count with the existence of ‘an official joint command
structure, headquarters, designated zones of operation, and the ability to procure, transport, and
distribute arms’.263 A similar reasoning was reached in the Prosecutor v. Limaj when the
Chamber determined that the characteristics of an armed group include the ‘appointment of zone
commanders,264 the supply of weapons,265 the issuance of political statements and
comuniqués,266 the distribution of KLA regulations to units,267 the authorisation of military
action.268 Independently of the theory chosen to analyse the Zeta’s structure, the level of
organisation suffice the level determined by international jurisprudence to be considered nonstate armed forces.

5.3 Intensity of the attacks.
The second element to determine the existence of a non-international armed conflict is the
intensity of the attacks. The Zetas were the first group to adopt military techniques to perpetrate
attacks and to defend their territories. As reviewed in chapter 4, the intensity of the attacks must
be determined on a 'case-by-case basis’.269 The Tadić definition made clear that the intensity in a
given situation must be higher than the one in internal disturbances and tensions. As it was

Prosecutor v. Milošević (n 159) [23] in Cullen (n 111) 125.
Ibid [96].
265 Ibid [100].
266 Ibid [101].
267 Ibid [98].
268 Ibid [46].
269 Prosecutor v Rutaganda (n 150).
263
264

48

Laila Martínez de Santiago

reviewed in the 'organisation of the group' section, the Zetas adopted tactics and techniques
inspired in the elite forces of the Mexican army. The advanced training and skills of this
organised group is better explained by Brands:
The initial group of the Zetas came from an elite army unit created specifically for
counter-narcotics and counter-insurgency purposes. This group received training from
French and Israeli instructors, and possessed a wealth of specialised knowledge regarding
advanced military tactics. When they defected, the original Zetas thus brought with them
considerable expertise in ‘rapid deployment, aerial assaults, marksmanship, ambushes,
intelligence collection, counter-surveillance techniques, prisoner rescues, sophisticated
communications, and the art of intimidation,’ skills they subsequently put to good use in
their new profession.270

The level of organisation of the Zeta’s group, the training of its members, and the weaponry they
had access to, made it possible for them to perpetrate attacks of a higher level than the ones
established in the Tadić definition. After their first appearances in the media, the group was
described as follows:
The Zetas are capable of organising deployments by earth, sea, and air and of making
ambush operations and incursions, and of organising patrols. They are specialised
snipers. They can assault building, perform airborne and hostage search and release
operations, they possess arms reserved for the exclusive use of the armed special forces.
The Zetas are dressed in black, drive armoured cars, and shoot using German submachine
guns hat are more difficult to find n the black market than AK-47s. The Zetas have
rocket-propelled grenade launchers, 12.7 mm/50 caliber machine guns, land-air missiles,
and have even utilised helicopters in some of their most successful operations.

There are two examples of the Zetas’ ability to perpetrate attacks. The first one is known as the
‘San Fernando Massacre’.San Fernando is a small town located near to the border with the
United States. This has been a strategic point to the trafficking of illicit goods into the United
States. In an attempt to control the small town of San Fernando, members of the Zetas
perpetrated an attack that lasted for several days and took many lives. Approximately 70 vehicles
transporting men and weapons arrived to the town of san Fernando, provoking clashes between
them and the group that controlled that town by that time. The Zetas obtained control over that
territory, imposing an organisation formed by deserters of the armed forces at the head of the
structure, followed by enforcers and halcones. Part of their activities consisted of wearing
military-style uniforms to form raids at the town’s entrance and search for members of other
criminal organisations. They soon regained full control over that territory but the acts of violence
270

Brands (n 221) in Correa-Cabrera (n 223) 108.

49

Laila Martínez de Santiago

were not limited to members of other organisations. Intimidation, murders, kidnappings and
extortion occurred on a daily basis against inhabitants to that region. It is estimated that 10 per
cent of the total population fleed San Fernando in an attempt to escape the violence of this group.
After the halcones mistook a vehicle transporting migrants on their way to the United States for
members of another criminal organisation, the Zetas kidnapped the entire group of people and
took them to a deserted area. When they realised their mistake, they proposed that they work for
them, murdering those who denied the request. In sum, they murdered 72 people. This action
attracted the international community's attention, and only then, the Mexican government
deployed state army forces to regain control over that territory.271
Another example of this group’s capability to perpetrate attacks is the ‘Allende's Massacre’. Due
to betrayals among members of the organisation, the ‘Zetas' decided to attack some people
within their own organisation and their families. The attacks were perpetrated by members of the
criminal group aided by local police officers. The officers who decided not to collaborate in the
attack were forbidden to respond to emergency calls, and during three days, approximately 50
houses were under attack. In these attacks, children, women, and innocent people were tortured
and murdered.272 Due to the brutality of these attacks, neither the federal police nor the army
provided help to those in danger.

271
272

Juan Alberto Cedillo, Las Guerras Ocultas del Narco (1st edn, Mexico city, 2018) 77-99.
Ibid 143-163.

50

Laila Martínez de Santiago

6. Principles of International Law
6.1 Obligations of Armed Groups
The majority of armed conflicts that have occurred in the last few years have been of internal
character. The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute reported in its 1998 Yearbook
that twenty four out of twenty five major armed conflicts in 1997 were internal.273 Only during
mid-1997 to mid-1998 there were approximately 5 million deaths related to internal conflicts, in
which most of the casualties were civilians.274 In the present chapter is examined the
international accountability for acts committed by armed groups and their members during
internal armed conflicts.

When talking about accountability of armed groups, the first question to be answered is if and
how these groups can be held accountable of their actions. There is no explicit prohibition on the
use of force by armed opposition groups within a State, neither in the Charter of the United
Nations nor in any other rule of international law.275 The way in which these groups can be held
accountable for their actions is through specific rules and mechanisms focused on the prevention,
regulation and punishment of the violence committed against civilians. The applicable law can
be found in three different branches of international law: international humanitarian law,
international human rights law and international criminal law.276 In the present chapter is briefly
described how non-state armed groups are bound by international humanitarian law. The
substantive rules applicable in non-international armed conflicts are reviewed in a more detailed
way, focusing on the ones related to the protection of civilians.

The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), ’SIPRI Yearbook 1998: Armaments, Disarmament
and International Security’ (Oxford University Press, 1998) in Avril McDonald, ‘The Year in Review’ (1998) 1
Yearbook of International Humanitarian Law 113, 121.
274 Interdisciplinary Research Program on Causes of Human Rights Violations ‘World Conflict and Human Rights
Map’ (The Netherlands, 1998) in Zegveld (n 70) 2.
275 Ibid
276 Ibid.
273

51

Laila Martínez de Santiago

It is generally accepted by states and scholars, that non-state armed groups are bound by the rules
of international humanitarian law.277 However, the question of how these groups are bound, has
divided academics’ opinion since the drafting of common Article 3. Since the drafting of the
Geneva Conventions, numerous theories have attempted to explain how non-state armed groups
are bound by the laws of war. It is possible to identify five main theories: 'i) by being third
parties to the Geneva Conventions and APII; ii) by domestic legislation; iii) through their
members being bound directly by international law; iv) by having effective control over part of
the territory; and v) through customary international law’.278 The first theory will be further
explained in the next part of the present chapter.

6.1.1 Armed Groups Bound as Third parties to the Geneva Convention.
One of the first explanations on how non-state armed groups are bound by international
humanitarian law was offered by the jurist Antonio Cassese. He suggested in an article published
in 1981 that armed groups are bound to CA3 and APII as ‘third parties’.279 He recognised that the
rules in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties would not apply strictu sensu since armed
groups are non-state actors. Therefore, customary international law on third parties should apply
based on articles 35 to 38 to the Vienna Convention.280 Article 35 establishes that ‘third states
can be bound by obligations contained in a treaty in instances where it is clear that: i) the
contracting parties intended the treaty to confer such duties on those third parties; and ii) the
third party has accepted that obligation in writing’.281 If this article is applied to non-state armed
groups, then these groups are bound by treaties in which the contracting parties intended to
create obligations for such groups. In the case of common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II,
Cassese observed that the travaux preparatoires and the texts of the treaties provides enough
evidence that the intention of the contracting parties was to bind armed groups. Common Article
3 clearly imposes obligation ‘on each Party to the [armed] conflict [not of an international

Katharine Fortin, The Accountability of Armed Groups under Human Rights Law (1st edn Oxford University
Press 2017) 177; Moir (n 79) 52.
278 Fortin (n 277) 178.
279 Antonio Cassese, ‘The Status of Rebels under the 1977 Geneva Protocol on Non-International Armed
Conflicts’ (1981) 30 The International and Comparative Law Quarterly 416.
280 Christine Chinkin, Third Parties in International Law (Clarendon Press, Oxford 1993) 39.
281 Fortin (n228) 180.
277

52

Laila Martínez de Santiago

character]’. This means that not only the state, but also armed groups must comply with what it
is established there. It was not until the 1970s that this question got more attention, during the
drafting of Additional Protocol II.282 In the travaux preparatoires the different views among
delegations are clearly shown. Some delegations, including the Italian, Colombian and Nigerian,
completely opposed to the idea that armed groups should be bound by the Protocol’s
provisions.283 Nevertheless, most of the delegations agreed upon the fact that armed groups
should indeed be bound by Additional Protocol II.284 Since the beginning of the Protocol's
drafting process, the ICRC expressed that it should be binding for both parties in a noninternational armed conflict. During the 1971 Conference of Government Experts, the ICRC
stated:
In order to dispel any doubts or misgivings on the part of experts about the obligations which
rebels should assume and the means of compelling them to do so, the ICRC representative
wished to state that the ICRC had always held the view that Article 3 was binding not only on
the governments of Contracting states but also on the population as a whole and, hence, on
rebel forces. The obligation dated from 1949. This would not be changed if Article 3 were
expanded by means of an additional protocol.285

Based on article 1 of APII in which is stated that the Protocol ‘develops and supplements’
common Article 3, it can be concluded that Additional Protocol II also binds both parties of a
conflict, states and armed groups.286

Ibid 181.
The Italian delegation stated ‘In ratifying this instrument, the High Contracting Parties will assume obligations,
not towards rebel forces (which are neither subjects of international law not Parties to Protocol II) but towards the
other Contracting Parties, the international community and world opinion’. Geneva Conference, ‘Official Records of
the Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and Development of International Humanitarian Law Applicable in
Armed Conflicts’ (1974-1977) VII CDDH/SR.5.1/Annex 122. Also, the Colombian delegation expressed that ‘the
Protocol would bind only the signatory states since there is no practical way of imposing obligations on dissident
armed forces or organised armed groups’. Geneva Conference 1974-1977 VII CDDH/SR.49, 79 [2].
284 An example of this is the United Kingdom delegation, ‘The obligations imposed on states and dissidents should
not be so vague as to be nugatory or so high as to set an impossible standard’ Geneva Conference, 1974-1977 VIII
CDDH/I/SR.24 236 [37]. On a similar note, the Soviet delegate stated that in case of accepting the article, ‘it would
impose an obligation not only on Governments but on those who, for various reasons, were engaged in movements
against governments’. Geneva Conference 1974-1977 XIV CDDH/III/SR.32 314 [22].
285 Conference on Government Experts on the Reaffirmation and Development of International Humanitarian Law
Applicable in Armed Conflicts, ‘Report on the Work of the Conference’ (24 May-12 June 1971) 22 [223] in Fortin
(n 277) 183.
286 Fortin (n 277) 183.
282
283

53

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Not only in the travaux preparatoires and the text in common Article 3 and Additional Protocol
II is evident that it was intended to bind non-state armed groups, international practice has also
widely confirmed it.287 In the Tablada case, the Inter-American Commission stated:
Common Article 3’s mandatory provisions expressly bind and apply equally to both parties to
internal conflicts, i.e., government and dissident forces. Moreover, the obligation to apply
Common Article 3 is absolute for both parties and independent of the obligation of the other.
Therefore, both the MTP attackers [the armed opposition group fighting in the conflict under
consideration] and the Argentine armed forces had the same duties under humanitarian law.288

It can also be observed in 'Military and Paramilitary Activities In and Against Nicaragua’ that the
International Court of Justice determined the applicability of common Article 3 to both parties of
the conflict, the Contras and the Nicaraguan government. Also, in the context of internal armed
conflicts, the UN Security Council and the UN Commission on Human Rights have called upon
both parties to the conflict to respect the provisions of international humanitarian law and
common Article 3.289

Regarding Additional Protocol II, and in accordance to the acts occurred in El Salvador, the UN
Commission on Human Rights observed:
The Republic of El Salvador is a party to the Four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and the
Additional Protocols of 1977 on the protection of victims of war. Since the current conflict in
El Salvador is and ‘armed conflict not of an international character’ within the meaning of the
Conventions and Protocols, the relevant rules apply, particularly those contained in Article 3
of each of the Conventions and in Protocol II, and must be observed by each of the parties to
the conflict - in other words, by the Salvadorian regular armed forces and the opposition
guerrilla forces.290

This demonstrates that international bodies have assumed competence to determine the
applicability of common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II in cases where it is required.291
6.1.2 Substantive Rules Applicable in non-international Armed Conflicts.
After the legal status of armed opposition groups was examined in the previous section, the
substantive rules in internal armed conflicts are to be explored. The applicable law in nonZegveld (n 70) 10.
Juan Carlos Abella v Argentina (n 151).
289 UN Security Council (UNSC), Res. 1193 12 August 1998 on Afghanistan 12; UNSC, Res. 812 12 March 1993 on
Rwanda 8; UNSC, Res 794 3 December 1992 on Somalia 4; UN Commission on Human Rights (UNCHR), Res
1999/18 23 April 1999 17; UNCHR, Res 1997/59 15 April 1997 on Sudan 6.
290 UNCHR, E/CN.4/1985/18 Report of the Special Representative, 1 February 1985.
291 Zegveld (n 70) 12.
287
288

54

Laila Martínez de Santiago

international armed conflicts focuses on the protection of civilians and persons hors de combat.
This rules can be divided into three different categories: the principle of humane treatment, the
protection of particular categories of persons, and the rules on humanitarian assistance.292

The present chapter focus on the first of these three categories: the principle of humane
treatment. This is because of the applicability of such principle to the context of violent acts
carried out by criminal groups in Mexico. Common Article 3 provides that persons not taking
active part in hostilities ‘shall in all circumstances be treated humanely’.293 At the same time,
Additional Protocol II sets out fundamental guarantees, dedicating an entire part to the principle
of ‘humane treatment’.294 Derived from this principle are concrete obligations that have been
included in the text of the instruments. These obligations are: 'prohibition on violence to life and
person, the taking of hostages, outrages upon personal dignity, sentence or execution without fair
trial, collective punishments, acts of terrorism, slavery and pillage’.295 Since these obligations are
enshrined in CA3 and APII, they have all reached the customary international law status.296

The persons entitled to humane treatment are, according to common Article 3 ‘persons taking no
active part in the hostilities, including members of the armed forces who have laid down their
arms and those placed hors de combat by sickness, wounds, detention or any other cause’.
Article 2 of Additional Protocol II also stipulates that it applies ‘to all persons affected by an
armed conflict as defined in Article 1’.297 The Yugoslavia Tribunal confirmed that armed
opposition groups must comply with the humane treatment principle:
to ask whether, at the time of the alleged offence, the alleged victim of the proscribed acts
was directly taking part in hostilities, being those hostilities in the context of which the
alleged offences are said to have been committed. If the answer to that question is negative,
the victim will enjoy the protection of the proscriptions contained in Common Article 3.298

Sivakumaran (n 69) 255.
Common Article 3 (1).
294 Additional Protocol II, part II.
295 Common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II article 4(1) in Sivakumaran (n 69) 257.
296 Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua (n 92) [218-20]; Prosecutor v Tadic (appeal on
jurisdiction) (n 72) [98]; Customary International Humanitarian Law, rule 87.
297 Zegveld (n 70) 60.
298 Prosecutor v Tadic (Merits) IT-94-1-T (7 May 1997) (615).
292
293

55

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Even though the term ‘civilians' is not employed neither in CA3 nor in APII, international bodies
have used it due to its applicability in the context of hostilities, when referring to people that are
'not in power of armed opposition groups.299 One important aspect of the principle of humane
treatment is that it is applicable ‘without any adverse distinction founded on race, colour, religion
or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other similar criteria’.300 Additional Protocol II also contains
provisions to the non-discrimination applicability of the humane treatment principle on the
grounds of language, national or social origin and political opinion.301

There are specific prohibitions derived from the principle of humane treatment.The first one to
be addressed is the one relating to violence to life and person against persons in the power of the
adversary. This prohibition is contained in conventional302 and customary international
humanitarian law.303 According to this prohibition, the acts of murder, mutilation, cruel
treatment, torture and corporal punishment are prohibited.304 Some of these acts have deserved
special mention in international humanitarian law instruments, for example, the crime of murder.
This crime is defined as ‘the death of the victim resulting from an act or mission of the accused
committed with the intention to kill or cause serious bodily harm which he/she should reasonably
have known might lead to death’.305 The prohibition on murder can be found in numerous codes
of conduct, instructions and bilateral agreements.306

The next prohibition to be addressed is the one relating to torture. According to international
humanitarian law and international criminal law, based of the Convention against Torture, this
can be defined as ‘the intentional infliction of severe pain or suffering for a particular listed

Zegveld (n 70) 61.
Common Article 3.
301 Additional Protocol II, Articles 2(1) and 4(1).
302 Common Article 3; Additional Protocol II (4); Rome Statute, Article 8(2)(c)(i).
303 Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua, (n 92) 114 [2189-29]; Report of the SecretaryGeneral on the establishment of a Special Court for Sierra Leone, S/2000/915 (4 October 2000) [14].
304 Common Article 3; Rome Statute Article 8; Additional Protocol II Article 4(2).
305 Prosecutor v Krstic, (Judgement) IT-98-33-T (2 August 2001) [485] in Sivakumaran (n 69) 260.
306 The CPLA’s manifesto stating that members of the army were not to ‘kill or humiliate any of Chiang Kaishek’s
army officers and men who lay down their arms’. Manifesto of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army; the Code of
Conduct of the NRA ‘never kill any member of the public or captured prisoners, as the guns should only be reserved
for armed enemies or opponents’, the National Resistance Army Code of Conduct, both in Sivakumaran (n 69) 260.
299
300

56

Laila Martínez de Santiago

purpose’.307 Specifically, the individual committing the act must not be a ‘public official or other
person acting in an official capacity’.308 Torture can be differentiate from other forms of
mistreatment, based on the purpose in which is it carried out. The prohibited purposes include
obtaining a confession or information, coercion of the victim or of a third person, intimidating
and punishing.309 Torture is also a common practice among criminal organisations in Mexico.
Torturing people and the disposal of bodies are regular activities intended to optimise time and
resources. This means, instead of paying somebody to torture a person for an extended period of
time, members or criminal groups torture individuals ‘to a point at which they remain alive but
are unable to move’.310

Cruel and inhuman treatment is the last act to be described, derived from the prohibition of
violence to life and person. The ICTY defined cruel treatment as ‘an intentional act or
omission… which causes serious mental or physical suffering or injury or constitutes a serious
attack on human dignity.311 The Elements of Crimes of the International Criminal Court (ICC)
defines cruel or inhumane treatment as ‘the infliction of severe physical or mental pain or
suffering upon one or more persons’.312 The assessment of seriousness must take into account the
factual circumstances in which the act is taking place, ‘including the nature of the act or
omission, the context in which occurs, its duration and/or repetition, the physical, mental and
moral effects of the act on the victim and the personal circumstances of the victim, including age,
sex and health’.313 One important aspect to be noted is its temporal element, since there is no
specification as to whether it has to last as long as it is ‘real and serious’. In the context of
Mexico, cruel and inhumane treatment is a common feature of the violence perpetrated by

Prosecutor v Kunarac et al, (Appeal Judgement) IT-96-23-A and IT-96-23/1A (12 June 2001) [142].
Ibid (148); Convention against torture UNTS 1465, Article 1.
309 Prosecutor v Kunarac et al, (Trial Judgement) IT-96-23-T and IT-96-23/1-T (23 February 2001) [485];
Prosecutor v Limaj (n 101) [239].
310 Karina García, ‘Violence within: Understanding the Use of Violent Practices Among Mexican Drug
Traffickers’ (2019) Justice in Mexico Working Paper Series 16 2 <https://justiceinmexico.org/wp-content/uploads/
2019/11/GARCIA_Violence-Within.pdf> accessed 14 October 2020.
311 Prosecutor v Delalić et al, (n 182) [422]; Prosecutor v Kordić and Čerkez (Judgement) IT-95-14/2-T (26
February 2001) [265]; Prosecutor v Naletilić and Martinović (Judgement) IT-98-34-T (31 March 2003) [246].
312 ICC Elements of Crimes, Article 8(2)(c)(i) [3].
313 Prosecutor v Krnojelac (Judgement) IT-97-25-T (15 March 2002) [131].
307
308

57

Laila Martínez de Santiago

criminal groups. The use of violence is considered as something addictive by some members of
these groups.314

Sexual violence is the next prohibition derived from the principle of human treatment. Rape,
enforced prostitution, indecent assault and threats are all prohibited in Additional Protocol II.315
According to the Rome Statute, the acts of rape, sexual slavery, enforced prostitution, forced
pregnancy, enforced sterilisation and other forms of sexual violence are considered war crimes
on their own.316 International jurisprudence have attempted to define rape and consent in
numerous occasions,317 derived from this, the ICC have established some requirements:
1. The perpetrator invades the body of a person by conduct resulting in penetration, however
slight, of any part of the body of the victim or of the perpetrator with a sexual organ, or of the
anal or genital opening of the victim with any object or any other part of the body.
2. The invasion was committed by force, or by threat of force or coercion, such a that caused
by fear of violence, duress, detention, psychological oppression or abuse of power, against
such person or another person, or by taking advantage of a coercive environment, or the
invasion was committed against a person incapable of giving genuine consent.318

Sexual violence is not an uncommon practice among criminal groups and state armed forces in
Mexico. According to an Amnesty International investigation of 100 women arrested in Mexico,
it was found that these women are ‘routinely sexually abused by the security forces who want to
secure confession and boost figures in an attempt to show that they are tackling rampant
organised crime’.319 The findings reveal that 'women from marginalised backgrounds are the
most vulnerable in Mexico’s so called “war on drugs”’.320 This is a consequence of the
deployment of armed forces to public security tasks, using the so-called “war on drugs” as the
reason behind it, even though state forces receive no training on these tasks and there is no legal
mechanism to hold them accountable for their actions.
García (n 310) 17.
Protocol II, Article 4(2)(e) and (h) in Sivakumaran (n 69) 264.
316 Rome Statute, Article 8(2)(e)(vi), in Sivakumaran (n 69) 265.
317 The Akayesu Trial Chamber defined rape as ‘a physical invasion of a sexual nature, committed on a person under
circumstances which are coercive’, Prosecutor v Akayesu, (Judgement) ICTR-96-4-T (2 September 1998) [598]
[688] in Sivakumaran (n 69) 265; ‘sexual penetration, however slight (s) of the vagina or anus of the victim by the
penis of the perpetrator or any other object used by the perpetrator; or (b) of the mouth o the victim by the penis of
the perpetrator’ Prosecutor v Furundžija (n273) [185].
318 ICC Elements of Crimes, Article 8(2)(e)(vi)-1 in Sivakumaran (n 69) 265-6.
319 Amnesty International, ‘Mexico: Sexual violence routinely used as torture to secure “confessions” from
women’ (28 June 2016).
320 Ibid.
314

315 Additional

58

Laila Martínez de Santiago

The prohibition on taking of hostages is the next one to be reviewed. This prohibition was an
innovative inclusion in common Article 3 as it prohibited a practice that was common in 1949.321
The definition of this act can be found on the 1979 Convention against the Taking of Hostages:
Any person who seizes or detains and threatens to kill, to injure or to continue to detain
another person (hereinafter referred to as the ‘hostage’) in order to compel a third party,
namely, a State, an international intergovernmental organisation, a natural or juridical person,
or a group of persons, to do or abstain from doing any act as an explicit or implicit condition
for the release of the hostage commits the offence of takin of hostages (‘hostage-taking’)
within the meaning of this Convention.322

The Convention was not drafted intending to be applicable to armed conflicts. Nevertheless, this
definition has proven to be appropriate in times of war.323 Slavery and slave trade is also a
prohibition derived from the principle of human treatment. These actions, so as the threats to
enslave,324 are prohibited in conventional and customary law.325 International jurisprudence has
defined slavery as ‘the exercise of any or all of the powers attaching to the right of ownership
over a person’.326 The last prohibition to be revised is the one relating to collective punishments.
This used to be a common practice among parties to non-international armed conflicts, an
example of this is the Algerian war of independence, in which ‘if an attack took place, the
nearest village was considered collectively responsible’.327 The rule of collective punishments
cannot be found neither in common Article 3 nor in the Rome Statute, nevertheless, it is
considered a rule of customary international law.328

The Trial Judgement in Wilhelm List and Others observed that hostages could be taken and executed as a ‘last
resort’. The Hostages Trial, Trial of Wilhelm List and Others, VIII Law Reports of Trials of War Criminals 34, 61.
322 International Convention Against the Taking of Hostages, Article 1(1).
323 Prosecutor v Sesay, Kallon and Gbao, (Judgement) SCSL-04-15-A (26 October 2009) [579].
324 Additional Protocol II, Article 4(2)(h).
325 Additional Protocol II, Artile 4(2)(f); Customary International Humanitarian Law, Rule 94. Prosecutor v
Krnojelac (n 313) [353].
326 Prosecutor v Kunarac Trial Judgement (n 309) [539]; Prosecutor v Kunarac Appeal Judgement (n 307) [117] in
Sivakumaran (n 69) 268.
327 R Branche, ‘The French in Algeria: Can There be Prisoners of War in a “Domestic” Operation?’ in Sivakumaran
(n78) 271.
328 Customary International Humanitarian Law, Rule 103; Hague Regulations Article 50; ICTR Statute, Article 4(b).
321

59

Laila Martínez de Santiago

6.2 International Human Rights Law.
6.2.1 Applicability of human rights law
It is widely accepted in present times that international human rights law is also applicable in
situations of armed conflict.329 This can be found in the principal instruments of international
humanitarian law, for example, in Additional Protocol II. In the Preamble is mentioned that
‘international instruments relating to human rights offer a basic protection to the human
person’.330 At the same time, human rights law treaties also make reference to international
humanitarian law. The main example is in the International Covenant for Civil and Political
Rights, in which it is stated that ‘a state party to the Covenant may derogate from certain of its
obligations (…) in time of public emergency which threatens the life of the nation’. Implicitly,
this phrase makes reference to armed conflicts.331 The ICJ has pronounced in this respect: ‘the
protection offered by human rights conventions does not cease in case of armed conflict, save
through the effect of provisions for derogation of the kind to be found in Article 4 of the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights’.332 The majority of states, so as
international courts and tribunals have also accepted that international human rights law
continues to apply in times of armed conflicts.333 Nevertheless, this was not always accepted due
to the differences in these branches of law.334

The first difference between international human rights law and international humanitarian law is
the circumstances in which each one was created. The adoption of the Universal Declaration of
Human Rights took place after Second World War, while international humanitarian law dates
back to 'the 1860s with the inclusion of the Lieber Code (1863), the 1864 Geneva Convention,
and the St Petersburg Declaration on Explosive Projectiles (1868).335 The second difference
Sivakumaran (n 69) 83.
Protocol II, Preamble.
331 International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 16 December 1966, 999 UNTS 171 Article 4.
332 ICJ Rep 168 ‘Case Concerning Armed Activities on the Territory of the Congo (Democratic Republic of the
Congo v Uganda' (2005) [216]; ICJ Rep 136 (Advisory Opinion) ‘Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall
in the Occupied Palestinian Territory’ (2004) [106].
333 Report of the Study Group of the International Law Commission, 'Fragmentation of International Law:
Difficulties arising from the Diversification and Expansion of International Law’ A/CN.4/L.682 (13 April 2006) [4];
ICJ Rep 226 (Advisory Opinion) ‘Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons’ (1996) [25]; Human Rights
Committee, General Comment 31’Nature of the General Legal Obligation Imposed on States Parties to the
Covenant’ CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add.13 (2004) [11].
334 Sivakumaran (n 69) 84.
335 Ibid 85.
329

330 Additional

60

Laila Martínez de Santiago

relies on the fact that human rights law has been developed within the UN system, contrary to
international humanitarian law, that was developed mainly through the ICRC.336 The third
difference and perhaps the most relevant is that international humanitarian law applies in
hostilities between states and armed groups or between armed groups, while international human
rights law regulates the relationship between the state and individuals. This means that
international humanitarian law is based on the equality of obligation among the parties to the
conflict, contrary to international human rights law, that is based on the unequal relationship
between the governor and the governed.337 The last difference is the approach of the two bodies
of law. The differences in certain norms exist because of the realities for which the norms were
supposed to regulate. A clear example of this can be found on the right to life. International
humanitarian law not only accepts the killing of combatants, it also accepts the killing of
civilians in certain circumstances, opposing to the premise of international human rights law, that
views the right to life as the supreme right on which all the other ones are built.338 As a
consequence of these differences, there was no close relationship between the two bodies of law.
It was not until 1968, at the International Conference on Human Rights in Tehran, that these two
bodies of law came into close contact.339 The resolutions derived from the conference
‘underscored the close relations between human rights law and international humanitarian law;
and they gave formal expression to the concern of the United Nations (UN) for international
humanitarian law and its obligation to work for respect for international humanitarian law by
parties to an armed conflict’.340

Once established the applicability of international human rights law in situations of internal
conflict, it is necessary to explain the actual application. Nevertheless, the exact way in which
international human rights law and international humanitarian law must be applied, is still

T Meron, ‘Convrgence of International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights Law’ in D Warner (ed), Human
Rights and Humanitarian Law (Martinus Nijhoff, 1997) 97, 98.
337 Sivakumaran (n 69) 85.
338 McCann and Others v UK App no 18984/91 (ECtHR, 27 September 1995) [147]; Human Rights Committee,
Communication No R.11/45 (27 September 1995) UN Doc A/37/40 137 [13.1].
339 H-P Gasser, International Humanitarian Law and Human Rights Law in Non-international Armed Conflict: Join
Venture or Mutual Exclusion? (2002) 152-3.
340 Ibid 154.
336

61

Laila Martínez de Santiago

undefined. Below will be explained the three main ways in which the two bodies of law have
been applied.
6.2.2 Normative content.
International human rights law has aided on the development of the normative content of
international humanitarian law.341 This is evident on the drafting process of Additional Protocol
II, where the Federal Republic of Germany stated that ‘drat Protocol II was designed to establish,
in all cases, a minimum standard of humanitarian protection in order to safeguard, in time of
armed conflict, fundamental human rights on a level in accordance with the international
covenants on human rights’.342 On the same note, the delegation of Italy mentioned that ‘draft
Protocol II was closely linked to all the international rules relating to human rights and could
contribute to the application of certain ideas which had received increasing support since the
adoption of the Universal Declaration’.343 It can be said then, that the clause on fundamental
guarantees found on APII, is based on international human rights law.

International humanitarian law has also influenced international human rights law. The non
derogable provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights resemble the
fundamental guarantees in humanitarian law treaties.344 The Convention for the Protection of All
Persons from Enforced Disappearance makes reference to international humanitarian law,345
while the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, expressively mentions that
international humanitarian law must be respected.346 Perhaps the most concrete example is the
provision to ‘respect and to ensure respect for rules of international humanitarian law applicable
to them in armed conflicts which are relevant to the child’, contained in the Convention on the
Rights of the Child.347 On the other hand, the Optional Protocol on the Involvement of Children

Sivakumaran (n 69) 87.
Records (n104) Vol V 132 [26].
343 Ibid Vol 8 223 [46].
344 Gasser (n299) 157.
345 Convention for the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, Articles 18, 24(2) in Sivakumaran (n
69) 87.
346 Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, Article 11, in Sivakumaran (n 69) 87.
347 Convention on the rights of the Child, Article 38(1) in Sivakumaran (n 69) 87.
341

342Official

62

Laila Martínez de Santiago

in Armed Conflict states that non-state armed groups ‘should not, under any circumstances,
recruit or use in hostilities persons under the age of 18 years’.348

Perhaps the strongest argument against referring to humanitarian law ideas in human rights
instruments is the difference of the context in which each instrument is applicable, impeding the
utility of the norm.349 Taking again the example of the aforementioned Optional Protocol to the
Convention on the Rights of the Child, this contains a prohibition on ‘using children under the
age of 18 years to take a direct part in hostilities and compulsorily recruiting them into their
armed forces’.350 This means that children 'under the age of 18 years can attend schools operated
by or under the control or armed forces’.351 On the other hand, there is a strongest prohibition
regarding non-state armed groups and the recruiting of children. As mentioned in the paragraph
above, there is a prohibition for non-state armed groups on any form of recruitment for children
under the age of 18 years.352 This is contrary to the principle of equality of obligation of the
parties to the conflict contained in international humanitarian law, in which all parties to the
armed conflict must be treated alike regarding their substantive obligations.353 This creates
inequality on the standards imposed on non-state armed groups compared to those imposed to the
state. This has been questioned by armed groups in various occasions, the most notorious being
in 2008, with a letter sent to the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon by the National
Democratic Front of the Philippines (NDFP). In this letter, the NDFP expressed concern
regarding the higher standards imposed on non-state armed forces, standards ‘that are not even
made absolutely applicable to States’.354

6.2.3 Interpretation
International human rights law has been used as an interpretational tool to interpret provisions of
international humanitarian law. Similar concepts in both bodies of law have been defined by
Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the Involvement of Children in Armed
Conflict, Article 4(1).
349 Sivakumaran (n 69), 88.
350 Ibid.
351 Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, Article 3.
352 Ibid, Article 4.
353 Sivakumaran (n 69) 88.
354 NDFP, Letter to UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon (24 November 2008).
348

63

Laila Martínez de Santiago

international human rights law, as it is with the case of torture. Under international humanitarian
law, the use of torture is prohibited, however, there is no definition provided. Instead, torture is
defined in international human rights law in the Convention against Torture.355 The ICTY Trial
Chambers have stated that this definition can be used in a context where international
humanitarian law is applicable.356 Although this has proven helpful, it has also raised questions
about the suitability of this practice. While the use of international human rights law may
complement the norms contained in international humanitarian law, some modification of the
norm may be needed to make it appropriate depending on the context.357 The ICTY has shared its
views in this respect, stating that ‘notions developed in the field of human rights can be
transposed in international humanitarian law only if they take into consideration the specificities
of the latter body of law’.358 In the specific case of torture, the ICTY Trial Chambers manifested
that ‘the definition of an offence is largely a function of the environment in which it develops’,
therefore, the Convention against Torture can only be used as an ‘interpretational aid’.359 There
are some cases in which a specific norm will exist in both bodies of law. Under those
circumstances, the precise relationship between the two norms will have to be ascertained on the
basis of the lex specialis rule.360 For the applicability of the rule, two principles must be
observed.361 The first one is applied when there is a conflict of norms. In this situation, ‘the
specific rule modifies the general rule to the extent of the inconsistency between them’.362 The
general rule remains in the background and it is only applicable to the extent that it does not
conflict with the specific rule.363 The second principle is applied when both norms are 'consistent
with one another but one norm is of greater specificity than the other or is more tailored to the
particular circumstances at hand.’364 In this case, the more specific rule is seen as an application
of the general rule, meaning that there is no conflict between the two rules.
Sivakumaran (n 69) 88.
Prosecutor v Tadić (n 72) [459].
357 N Lubell, ‘Challenges in Applying Human Rights Law to Armed Conflict’ (2005) 745-6 in Sivakumaran (n 69)
89.
358 Prosecutor v Kunarac (n 307) [471].
359 Ibid [469-70], [482].
360 Sivakumaran (n 69), 89.
361 Report of the Study Group of the International Law Commission (n 333) [56-8].
362 Sivakumaran (n 69), 89.
363 Ibid.
364 Ibid.
355
356

64

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Although these two principles have proven helpful in the past, it is important to mention that the
absence of a norm in international humanitarian law should not always be filled by a norm in a
another body of law. This is because ‘silence cannot always be equated with a gap in
protection’.365

6.2.4 Direct Regulation
The last way in which international human rights law and international humanitarian law have
been applied is through the direct regulation. In this case, international human rights law is used
to regulate directly non-international armed conflicts, instead of relying on international
humanitarian law.366

The ‘human rights law of non-international armed conflict’ approach can be divided into two
schools of thought. The first one is the ‘unification' school. The proponents of this school of
thought argue that there should be a ‘unified body of law applicable in situations of peace and
non-international armed conflict, regardless of the intensity of the conflict’.367 The second one is
the ‘threshold’ school, in which it is argued that the law of non-international armed conflict
should be applied according to the intensity of the violence. Under this premise, noninternational armed conflicts would be regulated by international human rights law, while high
intensity armed conflicts would be regulated by international humanitarian law.368 Under the
direct regulation approach, human rights law is ‘being posited as a means of directly regulating
non-international armed conflict’.369 Nonetheless, there is one important difference between
international humanitarian law and international human rights law that makes nearly impossible

Ibid.
Isayeva, Yusupova and Bazayeva v Russia, App nos 57947/00 57948/00 and 57949/00 (ECtHR 24 February
2005). Although it is unclear if the European Court considered the situation to be a non-international armed conflict
or internal tensions and disturbances, the predominant view is that the European Court was directly applying human
rights law in a case that should have been regulated by international humanitarian law, in Sivakumaran (n 69) 93-4.
367 FF Martin, ‘Using International Human Rights Law for establishing a Unified Use of Force Rule in the Law of
Armed Conflict’ Saskatchewan Law Review, (2001) 347 in Sivakumaran (n 69) 94.
368 Sivakumaran (n 69) 94.
369 Ibid.
365
366

65

Laila Martínez de Santiago

the fully adoption of this approach. That difference is the principle of equality of obligation of
belligerents.370

In international humanitarian law, the principle of equality holds that all the parties to the conflict
'must have the same rights and obligations’. Under international human rights law, there is not
such norm. Since the basis of international human rights law is to regulate the relationship
between the state and the individual, so the idea of equality of belligerents contravenes the ideas
on which human rights law is founded. The Kunarac Trial Chamber expressed in this regard
‘international humanitarian law purports to apply equally to and expressly bind all parties to the
armed conflict whereas, in contract, human rights law generally applies to only one party,
namely the state involved, and its agents’.371 Under this premise, international human rights law
results inappropriate, since it would not bind one or both parties to the conflict during a noninternational armed conflict.

In recent years, the traditional view of human rights law binding state forces alone has been
challenged by the argument that non-state armed groups may have certain human rights
obligations.372 Beyond the scope of this chapter is to analyse and discuss the theories
surrounding this statement, however, the predominant theories will be mentioned. The first one is
the equality of obligation in which if one of the parties is bound by an obligation, so is the other
party.373 The second one is the idea of intrinsic principles, viewed as a ‘demand on the
international community’.374 The next one is to understand obligations as the correlative of
rights, meaning that if a non-state armed group benefit from human rights, they should also have
obligation.375 The last one is the one with broadest acceptance regarding the effective control
over territory.376
H Lauterpacht, ‘The limits of the Operation of the Law of War’ (1953) 30 BYIL 206 in Sivakumaran (n 69) 95.
Prosecutor v Kunarac (n 307), [470].
372 A Clapham, Human Rights Obligations of Non-State Actors (Oxford University Press, 2006) Chapter 7.
373 C Tomuschat, ‘The Applicability of Human Rights Law to Insurgent Movements’, in Sivakumaran (n 69) 95.
374 Report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, Mission to Sri Lanka, E/CN.
4/2006/53/Add.5 (27 March 2006) [25].
375 D Fleck, ‘Humanitarian Protection Against Non-State Actors’ in Sivakumaran (n 69) 96.
376 Report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial. summary or arbitrary executions, E/CN.4/2005/7 22 December
2004 [76].
370
371

66

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Not only scholars have developed the idea of non-state armed groups having human rights
obligations, also UN bodies and truth commissions have taken this approach. One example is the
argument formulated by Guatemala before the Guatemalan Commission for Historical
Clarification, in which it was mentioned that ‘it was unacceptable to appraise the conduct of their
security forces by stricter standards than the conduct of the guerrilla forces’.377 It cannot be said
then, that the lack of equality of obligation is completely inappropriate in the regulation of noninternational armed conflicts through international human rights law. In accordance with the last
theory regarding the exercise of effective control over a territory, non-state armed groups would
have to comply with human rights law. Below that threshold, armed groups may not be obliged
to comply with human rights obligations.378

6.3 International Criminal Law
6.3.1.International Criminal Court
Most of the norms of international humanitarian law were created for the protection of civilians,
however, the enforcement of these rules has proven to be problematic. The body of law
governing non-international armed conflicts, common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II, do
not contain provisions regarding their enforcement. As Yves Sandoz expressed: ‘the system as a
whole has been devised for international conflicts; it cannot simply be switched over to noninternational conflicts, whose basic data are completely different’.379 International criminal law is
one mechanism of enforcement of international humanitarian law, sanctioning the ones
committing serious violations of it.380 The most important development in this regard in recent
years, has been the establishment of the International Criminal Court (ICC). The Rome Statute,
which is the treaty establishing the Court and its operation, was adopted in 1998, entering into
force in 2002 after meeting the threshold of ratifications required in Article 120. The ICC has a
jurisdiction applicable only to offences committed after it entered into force, limiting the number
of cases that can be tried.381 At the same time, it can only hear cases where the accused is a
Tomuschat (n 373), 576.
Sivakumaran (n 69) 97.
379 Yves Sandoz, ‘Implementing Humanitarian Law’ (1988) International Dimensions of Humanitarian Law, 259.
380 Sivakumaran (n 69) 77.
381 Rome Statute, Article 11.
377
378

67

Laila Martínez de Santiago

national of a state that has ratified the Rome Statute. Nationals of a state that is not party to the
Statute, may be prosecuted only if the crime is committed in the territory of a state party.382

The crimes over the ICC has jurisdiction are enshrined in Article 5 of the Rome Statute. In the
case of non-international armed conflicts, these crimes can be divided into three areas: war
crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide. The last part of the present chapter examines the
role international criminal law has played in the enforcement of international humanitarian law.
It also explains crimes against humanity and war crimes under the context of non-international
armed conflicts.

6.3.2 War crimes in internal armed conflicts
The establishment of individual criminal responsibility is clearly established for serious
violations to the rules of war in international armed conflicts. Until recently, there was a common
belief that war crimes could not be committed by non-state armed groups.383 War crimes are
defined as a 'serious violation of international humanitarian law, which entails the individual
criminal responsibility of the violator’.384 While common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II
address non-international armed conflicts, they do not specifically refer to the role of the
individuals members of a non-state armed group, referring only to the parties to the conflict.385
According to international practice, it can be said that serious violations to CA3 and APII can
lead to the individual criminal responsibility of leaders of armed opposition groups. In this
regard, the Yugoslavia Tribunal expressed:
The treaty and customary rules referred to above [inter alia Common Article 3 and Protocol
II] impose obligations upon States and other entities in an armed conflict, but first and
foremost address themselves to the acts of individuals, in particular to State officials or more
generally, to officials of a party to the conflict or else to individuals acting at the instigation or
with the consent or acquiescence of a party to the conflict. Both customary rules and treaty
provisions applicable in time of armed conflict prohibit any act of torture. Those who engage
in torture are personally accountable at the criminal level for such acts.386

Rome Statute, Article 12.
Eve La Haye, War Crimes in Internal Armed Conflicts (Cambridge University Press, 2008) 107-110.
384 Rome Statute, Article 12.
385 Zegveld (n 70) 99-100.
386 Prosecutor v Furundžija, (n273) [134].
382
383

68

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Article 22 of the Rome Statute establishes that ‘persons can only be held criminally responsible
when the conduct concerned at the time it took place constituted a crime within the jurisdiction
of the Court’.387 The null crimen sine lege indicates that the norms contained in the Rome Statute
are a source of substantive criminal law.388 The Yugoslavia Tribunal supported this argument
when referred to the penal law content of the Statute, as opposed to the idea of it only having
jurisdictional character.389 This Tribunal also set the grounds for the prosecution of leaders of
non-state armed groups for violations of humanitarian norms other than those contained in
common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II.390 The Appeals Chamber in the Tadić appeal case
stated that ‘customary international law imposes criminal responsibility for serious violations of
Common Article 3, as supplemented by other general principles and rules on the protection of
victims of internal armed conflict, and for breaching certain fundamental principles and rules
regarding means and methods of combat in civil strife’.391 While the Tribunal did not elaborate
any further, the Rome Statute gave clarity regarding the laws and customs of war that can impose
obligations on individuals. Article 8(2)(e) of the Statute lists the crimes falling in the category of
war crimes. These include directing attacks against civilian population;392 buildings, material,
medical units and transport;393 personnel, installations, material, units or vehicles involved in a
humanitarian assistance or peacekeeping mission;394 committing rape, sexual slavery, and
enforced prostitution,395 among others.

One important point to mention is that the Rwanda Tribunal determined that a person needs to
have a ‘demonstrable link with a party to the conflict namely state armed forces or an armed
opposition group’ in order to be convicted of war crimes.396 Accordingly, only members of state
and non-state armed forces can be held individually responsible for war crimes. In the
Zegveld (n 70) 101.
H Fischer, ‘The International Criminal Court: a Critical Review of the Results of the Rome Conference’ (1998)
3-5 in Zegveld (n 70) 101.
389 Prosecutor v Zejnil Delalic, Zdravko Mucic, Hazim Delic, Esad Landzo (Judgement) IT-96-21-T (16 November
1998), [309].
390 Zegveld, (n 70) 102.
391 Prosecutor v Tadić (n 72).
392 Rome Statute, Article 8(2)(e)(i).
393 Ibid Article 8(2)(e)(ii).
394 Ibid Article 8(2)(e)(iii).
395 Ibid Article 8(2)(e)(vi).
396 Zegveld (n 70), 105.
387
388

69

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Kayishema case, the Tribunal stated: ‘individuals of all ranks belonging to the armed forces
under the military command of either of the belligerent Parties fall within the class of
perpetrators. If individuals do not belong to the armed forces, they could only bear the criminal
responsibility only when there is a link between them and the armed forces’.397 In this particular
case, since there was no apparent link between Kayishema and the armed forces, he could not be
held accountable for war crimes. Opposite to this decision, the Yugoslavia Tribunal expressed
that war crimes should be committed during an armed conflict, while the concept of party to a
conflict is not relevant when assessing individual criminal responsibility. Judge Rodrigues stated
that ‘international humanitarian law has, to a large extent, grown beyond its state-centred
beginnings… The principle is to prosecute natural persons individually responsible for serious
violations of international humanitarian law irrespective of their membership in groups’.398

6.3.3 Crimes against humanity
Until recently, the predominant view was that only states could be held responsible of
committing crimes against humanity. This belief came after the prosecutions that followed the
Second World War.399 The understanding of these type of crimes was that only states or
individuals supported by the sate could commit them because of the necessity to have access to
state institutions, personnel and resources.400 The main difference between war crimes and
crimes against humanity is that war crimes are isolated acts, while crimes against humanity are
‘attacks committed against any civilian population pursuant to or in furtherance of a state or
organisational policy to commit such attack’.401 Non-state actors have proved to be able to
perpetrate widespread and systematic acts. In 1991, the International Law Commission in the
Draft Code of Crimes acknowledged this situation when stated:
It is important to point out that the draft article does not confine possible perpetrators of the
crimes to public officials or representatives alone… the article does not rule out the
possibility that private individuals with the facto power or organised in criminal gangs or

Prosecutor v Clément Kayishema and Obed Ruzindana (Judgement) ICTR-95-I-T (21May 1999), [175].
Prosecutor v Alekovski (Judgement) IT-95-14/1-T (25 June 1999), Dissenting opinion of Judge Rodrigues [31] in
Zegveld, (n 70), 106
399 Fortin (n 277), 296.
400 Cherif Bassiouni, International Criminal Law Vol I Sources, Subjects and Contents (3rd edn, Martinus Nijhoff,
2008), 248-9 in Fortin (n 277), 296.
401 Zegveld (n 70) 105.
397
398

70

Laila Martínez de Santiago

groups might also commit the kind of systematic or mass violations of human rights covered
by the article.402

Later in 1997, the Tadic Trial Chamber ruled that the ‘policy behind crimes against humanity,
need not be the policy of a State’. 403 Today, there is no doubt that members of a non-state armed
group can commit crimes against humanity. Ten members of armed groups out of the thirty-four
individuals against the ICC has issued arrest warrants, are facing charges of crimes agains
humanity.404 At the same time, the Special Court for Sierra Leone convicted three leaders of the
Revolutionary United Front for crimes against humanity.405
While individuals can commit crimes against humanity, it is difficult to argue the same about
armed groups. The main reason is that the international legal personality of a state is better
understood than the legal personality of an armed group.406 Despite this difficulty, the Rome
Statute implicitly recognises the possibility that a non-state armed group can commit crimes
under international law:
In accordance with this Statute, a person shall be criminally responsible and liable for
punishment for a crime within the jurisdiction of the Court if that person:
(d) In any other way contributes to the commission or attempted commission of such a crime
by a group of persons acting with a common purpose. Such contributions shall be intentional
and shall either:(i) Be made with the aim of furthering the criminal activity or criminal purpose
of the group where such activity or purpose involves the commission of a crime
within the jurisdiction of the Court; or
(ii) Be made in the knowledge of the intention of the group to commit the
crime.407

To this day, there have not been any instances in which armed groups have been found
responsible of committing crimes against humanity, but the responsibility of non-state armed
groups in the commission of these crimes has implicitly been recognised. One example of this is
a statement of the Darfur Commission of Inquiry, referring to the criminal responsibility of
serious violations of human rights law and international humanitarian law:
ILC, ‘Draft Code of Crimes against the Peace and Security of Mankind with commentaries’ (A/CN.4/SER.A/
1996/Add.1, 1996), 103.
403 Prosecutor v Tadić (n 72)), [655].
404 Fortin (n 277), 297.
405 Prosecutor v Issa Hassan Sesay, Morris Kallon, Augustine Gbao (Trial Judgement) SCSL-04-15-T (2 March
2009).
406 Fortin (n 277), 298.
407 Rome Statute, Article 25(3)(d)(i).
402

71

Laila Martínez de Santiago

may also involve the international responsibility of the State or of the international non-state
entity to which those authors belong as officials (or for which they acted as de facto organs),
with the consequence that the State or the non-state-entity may have to pay compensation to
the victims of those violations.408

Despite the difficulties of holding an entire armed group responsible of committing crimes
against humanity it is possible for an individual to commit crimes of this type and to be tried for
it in international Tribunals.

UN, Report of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Darfur to the United Nations SecretaryGeneral pursuant to Security Council Resolution 1564 of 18 September 2004.
408

72

Laila Martínez de Santiago

7. Conclusion
Proposing a war declaration might not seem the right path to a peace process. Proposing the
applicability of international humanitarian law in cases involving criminal organisations might
seem counterproductive for the improvement of a situation that could be controlled in ways that
would not challenge the rule of law in a state. However, some situations of extreme violence
exerted by criminal organisations cannot be understood through the lenses of organised
transnational crime solely.

The first part of this thesis analysed the conceptualisation of organised crime at an international
level. For years, government officials have pushed for policies oriented to ‘follow the money’ to
hamper the growth of criminal organisations. While this is a good start, it has proven to be highly
ineffective when implemented alone. Mexico was used as a case study to prove this point. With
some of the largest criminal organisations in the world, the power these organisations have is
often overlooked and compared with smaller organisations and even gangs, but can these be
considered party to an armed conflict? According to common article 3, the threshold for the
determination of existence of a non-international armed conflict is relatively low, and is made
based on the parties to the conflict. As it was reviewed in chapter 3 and 4, the elements to
consider to determine if a group can be regarded as an armed group are the level of organisation
and the intensity of the attacks. In chapter 5 was analysed if the criminal group the ‘Zetas' could
fulfil the requirements to be considered party to an armed conflict. The background of the
original members of this group as deserters of elite forces of the Mexican army, allowed them to
build a strong organisation, providing specialised training for the new members. The
sophisticated gun machinery they had access to played an important role in the capacity of the
group to perpetrate high scale attacks. Therefore, it is concluded in this thesis that the ‘Zetas'
organisation fulfils the requirements to be considered party to a non-international armed conflict.

One of the main concerns of declaring the existence of a non-international armed conflict is the
consequences the deployment of army officials would bring. As mentioned in the introduction
73

Laila Martínez de Santiago

and chapter 2 of this research, in the case of Mexico, state armed forces are acting as law
enforcers without regulation, allowing for the commitment of human rights violations. With the
current state of things, the declaration of existence of a non-international armed conflict would
bring certainty to the conduct of hostilities, the protection of civilians would be at the centre of
discussions, and perpetrators of violations to the law of war and armed conflict would be held
accountable of their actions. If criminal groups of this nature were to continue to be analysed
through the lenses of transnational organised crime, the cycle of violence will never be broken.

74

Laila Martínez de Santiago

MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES

- Akande D, ‘Classification of Armed Conflicts: Relevant Legal Concepts’ in Elizabeth
-

Wilmshurst (ed) International Law and the Classification of Conflicts (Oxford University
Press 2012)
Albini J L, The Americas Mafia: Genesis of a Legend (Appleton Century Crofts, 1971
Bedjaoui M, Law and the Algerian Revolution (International Association of Democratic
Lawyers, 1961)
Boelaert-Suominen S, ‘Commentary: The Yugoslavia Tribunal and the Common Core of
Humanitarian Law Applicable to all Armed Conflicts’ (2000) 13 Cambridge University Press
619
Cassese A, ‘The Status of Rebels under the 1977 Geneva Protocol on Non-International
Armed Conflicts’ (1981) 30 The International and Comparative Law Quarterly 416
Cedillo JA, Las Guerras Ocultas del Narco (1st edn, Mexico city, 2018)
Correa-Cabrera G, Los Zetas Inc. (Temas de hoy, 2018)
Cressey D R, Criminal Organizations: Its Elementary Forms (Heinemann Educational,
1972)
Cressey D R, Theft of the Nation: the Structure and Operations of Organized Crime in
America (1st edn, Harper & Row, 1969)
Chinkin C, Third Parties in International Law (Clarendon Press, Oxford 1993)
Cullen A, The Concept of Non-International Armed Conflicts in International Humanitarian
Law (Cambridge University Press, 2010)
Donald R. Cressey, Criminal Organizations: Its Elementary Forms (Heinemann
Educational, 1972) 11 in Wright, (n14)
Draper G, The Geneva Conventions of 1949 (1965)
Dörmann K, Elements of War Crimes under the Rome Statute of the International Criminal
Court - sources and commentary Cambridge University Press (2003)
Flores C, ‘Political Protection and the Origins of the Gulf Cartel’ (2014) 61 Crime, Law and
Social Science 517
Felbab-Brown V, Peña Nieto’s Piñata: The Promise and Pitfalls of Mexico’s New Security
Policy Against Organized Crime (Brookings Institution, 2013)
Flores C, ‘Political Protection and the Origins of the Gulf Cartel’ in Tony Payán, Kathleen
Staudt, and Anthony Kruszewski (eds), A War That Can’t Be Won: Binational Perspectives on
the War on Drugs (Arizona University Press, 2013)
Fortin K, The Accountability of Armed Groups under Human Rights Law (1st edn Oxford
University Press 2017) 177
Greenwood C, 'International Humanitarian Law and United Nations Military
Operations’ (1998) 1 Yearbook of IHL 3
Hans-Jörg A and Fijnaut C (eds) The Containment of Transnational Organised Crime
(Freiburg im Breisgau: Ed. iuscrim Max-Planck-Inst, 2002)
Hauck P and Peterke S, ‘Organised crime and gang violence in national and international
law’ (2010) 92 IRRC 407
75

Laila Martínez de Santiago

- Ianni F and Reuss-Ianni E, Family Business: Kinship and Social Control in Organized
-

Crime (Russell Sage Foundation, 1972)
Interdisciplinary Research Program on Causes of Human Rights Violations ‘World Conflict
and Human Rights Map’ (The Netherlands, 1998) in Liesbeth Zegveld, The Accountability or
Armed Opposition Groups in International Law (1st edn, Cambridge University Press, 2002)
La Haye E, War Crimes in Internal Armed Conflicts (Cambridge University Press, 2008)
MacCoun R and Reuter P, Drug War Heresies: Learning from Other Times, Vices and Places
(Cambridge University Press, 2001)
Martin F, ‘Using International Human Rights Law for establishing a Unified Use of Force
Rule in the Law of Armed Conflict’ Saskatchewan Law Review, (2001)
Militello V, ‘Participation as an International Offence’ in Hans-Jörg Albrecht and Cyrill
Fijnaut (eds) The Containment of Transnational Organised Crime (Freiburg im
Breisgau: Ed. iuscrim Max-Planck-Inst, 2002)
Moir L, The Law of Internal Armed Conflict (Cambridge University Press, 2002)
Orlova A and Moore J, ‘"Umbrellas" or “building blocks”: defining international terrorism and
transnational organised crime in international law’ (2005) 27 Houston International Law
Parks W, ‘Combatants’, in MN Schmitt (ed), The War in Afghanistan: A Legal Analysis
(Volume 85, International Law Studies, Naval War College, 2009)
Pejic J, ‘Status in Armed Conflicts’, in Elizabeth Wilmshurst and Susan Breau (eds),
Perspectives on the ICRC Study on Customary International Humanitarian Law (Cambridge
University Press, 2007)
Pinto R, ‘Report of the Commission of experts for the study of the question of aid to the
victims of internal conflicts’ (1963) 23 International Review of the Red Cross 59
Reveles J, ‘Mexico’, in Heinrich-Böll-Stiftung and Regine Schönenberg (eds) Transnational
Organised Crime (Bielefeld, 2013)
Riley K, Snow Job? The War Against International Cocaine Trafficking (Transactional
Publishers, 1996)
Schindler D, The Different Types of Armed Conflicts According to the Geneva Conventions
and Protocols [1979] Hague Academy of International Law 119
Sivakumaran S, The Law of Non-International Armed Conflict (1st ed, Oxford University
Press, 2002)
Thahzib-lie and Swaak-Goldman ‘Determining the Threshold’ in Lijnzaad et al. Making the
Voice of Humanity Heard (Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 2004)
Vité S, ‘Typology of Armed Conflicts in International Humanitarian Law: Legal Concepts and
Actual Situations’ (2009) 91 Int Rev Red Cross
Wallensteen P and Sollenberg M, ‘Armed Conflict, 1989-2000’ (2001) 38 Journal of Peace
Research 629
Wright A, Organised Crime (1st edn, William Pub 2006).
Yves Sandoz, ‘Implementing Humanitarian Law’ (1988) International Dimensions of
Humanitarian Law, 259
Zegveld L, The Accountability of Armed Opposition Groups in International Law (1st edn
Cambridge University Press 2002)

76

Laila Martínez de Santiago

TREATIES PROTOCOLS AND STATUTES
1949
Geneva Convention Relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War,
concluded 12 August 1949, entered into force 21 October 1950, 75 UNTS 287
1966
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, concluded 16 December
1966, entered into force 23 March 1976, 999 UNTS 171
1969
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, concluded 23 May 1969, entered into
force 27 January 1980 UNTS 1155
1977
Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating
to the Protection of Victims of International Armed Conflicts, concluded 12
August 1949, entered into force 7 December 1978, 1125 UNTS 3
1977
Protocol Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949, and Relating
to the Protection of Victims of Non-International Armed Conflicts, concluded 12
August 1949, entered into force 7 December 1978 1125 UNTS 609
1979
International Convention against the Taking of Hostages, concluded 17 November
1979, entered into force 3 June 1983, No. 21931
1984
Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment
or Punishment, concluded 10 December 1984, entered into force 26 June 1987,
UNTS 1465
1988
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, concluded 17 July 1998,
entered into force July 1, 2002 2187 U.N.T.S. 90, 2002
2000
United Nations Convention against Transnational Organised Crime concluded 12
December 2000, entered into force 29 September 2003, 2225 UNTS 209
2000
Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the
Involvement of Children in Armed Conflict, concluded 25 May 2000, entered into
force 12 February 2002
DECLARATIONS, RESOLUTIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
1992
UN Security Council (UNSC) Res 794 3 December 1992 on Somalia
1993
UN Security Council (UNSC) Res. 812 12 March 1993 on Rwanda
1997
UN Commission on Human Rights (UNCHR) Res 1997/59 15 April 1997 on
Sudan
1998
UN Security Council (UNSC) Res. 1193 12 August 1998 on Afghanistan
1999
UN Commission on Human Rights (UNCHR) Res 1999/18 23 April 1999
INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW
1986
Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua (Nicaragua v.
United States of America) (Judgement, Merits) [1986] ICJ Rep 14
1995
Prosecutor v. Tadić (Appeal on Jurisdiction) IT-94-1-AR72 (2 October 1995)
1997
Prosecutor v Tadić (Opinion and Judgement) IT-94-1-T (7 May 1997)
1997
Juan Carlos Abella v Argentina Inter-American Commission on Human Rights,
report No. 55/97, case 11.137
1998
Prosecutor v Akayesu, (Judgement) ICTR-96-4-T (2 September 1998)

77

Laila Martínez de Santiago

1998
1998
1998
1999
1999
2001
2001
2001
2001
2001
2002
2003
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2008
2009
2009

Juan Carlos Abella v Argentina OEA/Ser.L/V/II.98 Doc. 6 rev. (13 April 1998)
Case 11.137
Prosecutor v Delalić, Mucić, Delić and Landzo, (Judgement) IT-96-21-T (16
November 1998)
Prosecutor v Zejnil Delalic, Zdravko Mucic, Hazim Delic, Esad Landzo
(Judgement) IT-96-21-T (16 November 1998)
Prosecutor v Clément Kayishema and Obed Ruzindana (Judgement) ICTR-95-I-T
(21May 1999)
Prosecutor v Alekovski (Judgement) IT-95-14/1-T (25 June 1999
Prosecutor v Jean-Paul Akayesu ICTR-96-4-A 23 (November 2001)
Prosecutor v Kordić and Čerkez (Judgement) IT-95-14/2-T (26 February 2001)
Prosecutor v Krstic, (Judgement) IT-98-33-T (2 August 2001)
Prosecutor v Kunarac et al, (Trial Judgement) IT-96-23-T and IT-96-23/1-T (23
February 2001)
Prosecutor v Kunarac et al, (Appeal Judgement) IT-96-23-A and IT-96-23/1A (12
June 2001)
Prosecutor v Krnojelac (Judgement) IT-97-25-T (15 March 2002)
Prosecutor v Naletilić and Martinović (Judgement) IT-98-34-T (31 March 2003)
Prosecutor v Rutaganda (Judgement) ICTR-96-3-A (26 May 2003)
Prosecutor v. Milošević (Decision on Motion for Judgement of Acquittal)
IT-02-54-T (16 June 2004)
Prosecutor v. Limaj (Judgement) IT-03-66-T (30 November 2005)
Milošević (Milošević Rule 98bis Decision) ICTY IT-02-54 (16 June 2006)
Prosecutor v Thomas Lubanga Dyilo (Decision on the Confirmation of Charges)
ICC-01/04-01/06 (29 January 2007)
Prosecutor v Boškoski and Tarčulovski (Judgement) IT-04-82-T (10 July 2008)
Prosecutor v Haradinaj, Balaj and Brahimaj (Judgement) IT-04-84-T (3 April
2008)
Prosecutor v Sesay, Kallon and Gbao, (Judgement) SCSL-04-15-A (26 October
2009
Prosecutor v Issa Hassan Sesay, Morris Kallon, Augustine Gbao (Trial
Judgement) SCSL-04-15-T (2 March 2009)

OTHER DOCUMENTS
- Abi-Saab G, ‘Non-International Armed Conflicts’ in UNESCO, International Dimensions of
Humanitarian Law (Dordrecht, 1988)
- Amnesty International, ‘Mexico: Sexual violence routinely used as torture to secure
“confessions” from women’ (28 June 2016)
- Congressional Research Service (CRS), 'Mexico: Organised Crime and Drug Trafficking
Organisations’ (R41576 July 18 2020)
- Conference on Government Experts on the Reaffirmation and Development of International
Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts, ‘Report on the Work of the
Conference’ (24 May-12 June 1971) 22
78

Laila Martínez de Santiago

- Draft Protocol Additional to Geneva Conventions of August 12 1949, Article 1(1), in Official
-

Records (n112) Vol I, Part Three
ECOSOC 'Fifth UN Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of
Offenders: Report’ (1976) A/CONF.169/15/Add
Final Record of the Diplomatic Conference of Geneva of 1949 (Federal Political Department,
Berne) Vol I
García K, ‘Violence within: Understanding the Use of Violent Practices Among Mexican Drug
Traffickers’ (2019) Justice in Mexico Working Paper Series 16 2 <https://justiceinmexico.org/
wp-content/uploads/2019/11/GARCIA_Violence-Within.pdf> accessed 14 October 2020
Human Rights Committee, Communication No R.11/45 (27 September 1995) UN Doc A/
37/40
Human Rights Committee, General Comment 31’Nature of the General Legal Obligation
Imposed on States Parties to the Covenant’ CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add.13 (2004)
ICJ Rep 226 (Advisory Opinion) ‘Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons’ (1996)
ICJ Rep 136 (Advisory Opinion) ‘Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the
Occupied Palestinian Territory’ (2004)
ICJ Rep 168 ‘Case Concerning Armed Activities on the Territory of the Congo (Democratic
Republic of the Congo v Uganda' (2005)
ICRC ‘How is the Term “Armed Conflict” defined in International Humanitarian
Law?’ (2008) Opinion Paper
ICRC ‘Armed Conflicts Linked to the Disintegration of State Structures, Preparatory
Document Drafted by the International Committee of the Red Cross for the First Periodical
Meeting on International Humanitarian Law’ [1998] 19
Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, ‘The Human Rights Situation in
Mexico’ (44/15, 31 December 2015)
Joint Action of the Justice and Home Affairs Council (JHA) to Create a Criminal Offence to
Participate in a Criminal Organisation [1998] 2075th Council Meeting Press/98/73
Kress C, 'The 1999 Crisis in East Timor and the Threshold of the Law on War Crimes’ (2002)
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), ’SIPRI Yearbook 1998:
Armaments, Disarmament and International Security
Official Records of the Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and Development of
International Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts’ (1974-1977) VII CDDH/SR.
5.1/Annex
Official Records of the Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and Development of
International Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts’ (1974-1977) VII CDDH/SR.
49
Official Records of the Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and Development of
International Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts’ (1974-1977) XIV CDDH/III/
SR.32
Report of the Secretary-General on the establishment of a Special Court for Sierra Leone, S/
2000/915 (4 October 2000)
Report of the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial. summary or arbitrary executions, E/CN.
4/2005/7 22 December 2004
79

Laila Martínez de Santiago

- Report of the Study Group of the International Law Commission, 'Fragmentation of
-

International Law: Difficulties arising from the Diversification and Expansion of International
Law’ A/CN.4/L.682 (13 April 2006)
The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), ’SIPRI Yearbook 2006:
Armaments, Disarmament and International Security.
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC), ‘Global Study on Homicide’ (2019)
UN Commission on Human Rights, E/CN.4/1985/18 Report of the Special Representative, 1
February 1985
Y Sandoz, C Swinarski and B Zimmermann, Commentary on the Additional Protocols of 8
June 1977 to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 (ICRC, 1987)

INTERNET SOURCES
Alvarado I, ‘Una historia de narco política’ El Universal (Mexico, 17 June 2012) <https://
archivo.eluniversal.com.mx/notas/853903.html> accessed 31 Oct 2020
Arvizu J, 'Crimen Displazó en México a 380 Mil Personas’ El Universal (24 July 2019) <https://
www.eluniversal.com.mx/nacion/seguridad/crimen-desplazo-en-mexico-380-mil-personas>
accessed 22 Nov 2020
Bailey J, ‘Los Zetas y McDonald’s’ El Universal (5 Nov 2011) <http://
www.eluniversalmas.com.mx/editoriales/2011/11/55520.php> accessed 19 Nov 2020
Ballal A, ‘The Drug Cartel Cluster in Mexico’ Ecole de Management & Lab Centre for
Competitiveness (ecch) 211-0481 <https://www.researchgate.net/publication/
237009773_The_Drug_Cartel_Cluster_in_Mexico/link/0046351ae1b692e5a0000000/download>
accessed 15 November 2020
BBC “Mexico Violence: Skulls Found in a New Veracruz Mass Grave,” BBC News (20 March
2017) <https://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-39326415> accessed 22 Nov 2020
Brands H, ‘Los Zetas: Inside Mexico’s Most Dangerous Gang’ Air and Space Power Journal
(2009) <http://www.airpower.maxwell.af.mil/apjinternational/apj-s/2009/3tri09/brandseng.htm>
accessed 23 Nov 2020
Bujard (ICRC) 'Official Records of the Diplomatic Conference on the Reaffirmation and
Development of International Humanitarian Law Applicable in Armed Conflicts’ 1974-1977,
(Berne 1978) CDDH/I/SR/22 VIII
Burton F, ‘Mexico: The Price of Peace in the Cartel Wars’ (Stratfor, 2 May 2007) <https://
www.stratfor.com/mexico_price_peace_cartel_wars> accessed 15 November 2020
Canales R, ‘The deadly genius of drug cartels’ TedSalon (2013) video (17:56)

80

Laila Martínez de Santiago

Corcoran P, 'Mexico Government Report Points to Ongoing Criminal Fragmentation' InSight
Crime (14 April 2015) <https://www.insightcrime.org/news/analysis/mexico-government-reportpoints-to-ongoing-criminal-fragmentation/> accessed 22 Nov 2020
Guerrero E, ‘El Dominio del Miedo’ Nexos (1 July 2014) <https://www.nexos.com.mx/?
p=21671> Accessed 31 Oct 2020
Guerrero E, ‘Epidemias de violencia’ Nexos (Mexico, 1 July 2012) <https://
archivo.eluniversal.com.mx/notas/853903.html> accessed 31 Oct 2020
McDonnell P J and Sanchez C, “A Mother Who Dug in a Mexican Mass Grave to Find the
‘Disappeared’ Finally Learns Her Son’s Fate,” Los Angeles Times (20 March 2017) <https://
www.latimes.com/world/mexico-americas/la-fg-mexico-disappeared-20170320-story.html>
Munoz J, ‘México detiene y entrega a Estados Unidos a su principal narcotraficante’ El Pais
(Mexico, 16 January 1996) <https://elpais.com/diario/1996/01/16/internacional/
821746813_850215.html> accessed 31 Oct 2020
Otero S, ‘“Las Estacas”, escoltas de los “Capos" del Golfo’ El Universal (17 December 2007)
<https://archivo.eluniversal.com.mx/nacion/156552.html> accessed 19 Nov 2020
Padgett H, ‘Yo maté con el Z-40: La historia de Karen”' (17 July 2013) <https://play.google.com/
books/reader?id=3HEpDwAAQBAJ&hl=es&pg=GBS.PA332> accessed 20 Nov 2020
Rodríguez M, ‘El poder de los Zetas’ (2006) <https://www.monografias.com/trabajos28/poderzetas/poder-zetas.shtmlin> accessed 23 Nov 2020
Tabor D, 'Radio Tecnico: How The Zetas Cartel Took Over Mexico With Walkie-Talkies’
Popular Science (25 March 2014) <https://www.popsci.com/article/technology/radio-tecnicohow-zetas-cartel-took-over-mexico-walkie-talkies/?src=SOC&dom=tw > accessed 31 Oct 2020
Woody C, 'The “godfather" of Mexico’s cartels has been sentenced for killing of a DEA Agent’
Business Insider (30 Aug 2017)
<https://www.businessinsider.com/miguel-angel-felix-gallardo-godfather-of-mexicos-cartelsentenced-2017-8?r=MX&IR=T> accessed 21 Nov 2020
Luengo-Cabrera J and Butler T, 'Impunity in Mexico: A Rising Concern’ (Justice in Mexico, 22
Nov 2017) <https://justiceinmexico.org/category/collaborations/> accessed 21 Nov 2020

81

