Running head: ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS

Assumptions Underlying Credibility Assessments in Asylum Processes:
An Analysis of Evaluations in Finnish Asylum Cases

Veronica Sui, 38756
Master’s Thesis in Psychology
Supervisors: Julia Korkman, Jan Antfolk, and Jenny Skrifvars
Faculty of Arts, Psychology, and Theology
Åbo Akademi University
Åbo, 2020

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND
THEOLOGY
Subject: Psychology
Author: Veronica Sui
Title: Assumptions Underlying Credibility Assessments in Asylum Processes: An Analysis
of Evaluations in Finnish Asylum Cases
Supervisors: Julia Korkman, Jan Antfolk, and Jenny Skrifvars
Abstract
Asylum seekers rarely arrive in a receiving country with corroborating evidence to their
claims. Thus, to determine asylum status, asylum officials often have to evaluate how
truthful the applicant’s claim is rather than search for hard evidence that could substantiate
it. However, the task of assessing credibility might force asylum officials to use subjective
opinions and expectations in the evaluation processes, which could undermine the integrity
of the determination processes that should be conducted objectively and impartially. The
aim of the current study was to assess whether there seems to be certain assumptions
underlying the credibility assessments in asylum processes in Finland, and how well these
assumptions correspond with current psychological literature. The methodology partly
replicated a similar study by Dowd and colleagues from 2018. We identified assumptions in
official asylum cases (n = 56) and assigned these to major themes and sub-categories,
which were then compared to empirical psychological knowledge. The results indicate that
asylum officials’ explicit and implicit assumptions affect the asylum determinations. It
would be essential to compare assumptions about human memory and behavior with
current research, and to adjust them to be in line with the literature where needed. Thorough
guidelines for how such assumptions should be acknowledged and approached are needed.
More training could also be provided about relevant psychological aspects to the asylum
processes. For example, the training could focus on how trauma and mental health concerns
may affect individuals’ abilities to recollect memories and to present credible asylum
claims.
Keywords: asylum seeker, asylum procedures, credibility assessment, the Finnish
Immigration Service
Date: 29.10.2020

Page count: 46

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI
Ämne: Psykologi
Författare: Veronica Sui
Arbetets titel: Underliggande antaganden i bedömningar av tillförlitlighet i asylprocesser:
en analys av beslutsfattande i finska asylfall
Handledare: Julia Korkman, Jan Antfolk och Jenny Skrifvars
Abstrakt
Asylsökande anländer sällan till ett mottagande land med bevis som kunde bestyrka deras
asylanspråk. Därmed måste asylhandläggare fastställa asylstatus baserat på hur
sanningsenliga asylanspråken är, istället för att söka efter konkreta bevis som kunde
bestyrka dem. Att bedöma trovärdighet kan tvinga asylhandläggare att använda sig av
subjektiva åsikter och förväntningar, vilket kan påverka integriteten av asylprocesser som
borde bedömas objektivt och opartiskt. Denna studie undersöker vilka sorters antaganden
finska asylhandläggare använder sig av för att bestyrka sina slutsatser om tillförlitlighet,
och hur väl dessa antaganden motsvarar aktuell kunskap från den psykologiska litteraturen.
Metodologin i denna studie motsvarade delvis en liknande studie av Dowd och kolleger
från 2018. Vi identifierade antaganden i officiella asylfall (n = 56) och delade in dessa i
huvudteman och underkategorier, som sedan jämfördes med empirisk psykologisk kunskap.
Resultaten indikerar att asylhandläggares explicita och implicita antaganden påverkar
asylbesluten. Det vore viktigt att jämföra antaganden om rationellt mänskligt beteende och
minnesfunktioner med aktuell forskning, och vid behov justera antagandena så att de är
förenliga med litteraturen. Omfattande riktlinjer för hur dylika antaganden borde bekräftas
och behandlas behövs. Mer utbildning kunde även erbjudas om psykologiska aspekter som
är relevanta för asylprocesser. Exempelvis kunde utbildningen fokusera på hur trauma och
psykisk ohälsa kan påverka individers förmågor till att återkalla minnen och presentera
trovärdiga asylanspråk.
Nyckelord: asylsökande, asylprocesser, tillförlitlighetsbedömningar, Migrationsverket
Datum: 29.10.2020

Sidantal: 46

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
Acknowledgments

In Turku, October 2020,

It all started in Fall 2018, with me and Jenny Skrifvars trying to figure out which topics to
pick for our master’s theses. We both wanted to do research that could provide practical
benefits for some psychological field of study. Docent Julia Korkman and Associate Professor
Jan Antfolk introduced us to their plans of exploring the asylum seeker domain, which we
were happy to participate in.
Jumping forward to today, I am sincerely grateful for both Julia and Jan’s support and
guidance throughout this process as my supervisors. Your interest in our research motivated
us to push forward despite the obstacles we faced during the process. I also want to thank
Tanja van Veldhuizen for participating in the early stages of the project, providing valuable
information about this field of study, and ideas on how to design the studies.
A special thanks goes out to Jenny, who I worked with throughout the process, and
who eventually was added as a third supervisor to my thesis. Your feedback and support have
been invaluable. I look forward to following your PhD-career in the next years, continuing the
research in the asylum field.
Finally, I want to thank my friends and family for providing your love and support
during the process. Especially Pontus, who tolerated my times of despair when the process
walked in circles. You always managed me to get back to reality, usually by making me laugh
at my attempts to do everything at full speed – in the end, by taking my time and enjoying the
process, the outcome will be what I aimed for.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Abstract
Abstract in Swedish
Acknowledgments
INTRODUCTION ...................................................................................................................... 1
Current Best Practice Guidelines for Evaluating Asylum Claims .......................................... 2
Psychological Literature Relevant to Asylum Procedures ..................................................... 3
Memory functions and possibly distorting factors.............................................................. 3
The impact of cultural factors and stereotypical thinking .................................................. 4
Previous Research................................................................................................................... 6
The Current Study .................................................................................................................. 8
METHODS................................................................................................................................. 9
Ethical Permission .................................................................................................................. 9
Case Selection......................................................................................................................... 9
Procedure .............................................................................................................................. 10
Coding of assumptions and theme .................................................................................... 10
Thematic analysis .............................................................................................................. 11
RESULTS................................................................................................................................. 11
Descriptives .......................................................................................................................... 12
Themes.................................................................................................................................. 12
Now: The applicant as a truthful witness .......................................................................... 17
There: Plausibility of account ........................................................................................... 18
Here: The asylum system .................................................................................................. 19
DISCUSSION .......................................................................................................................... 20
Thematic Assumptions ......................................................................................................... 20
Now: The applicant as a truthful witness .......................................................................... 20
There: Plausibility of account ........................................................................................... 22
Here: The asylum system .................................................................................................. 24
Strengths and Limitations ..................................................................................................... 25
Recommendations and Further Research ............................................................................. 26
Conclusion ............................................................................................................................ 27
SWEDISH SUMMARY .......................................................................................................... 29
REFERENCES ......................................................................................................................... 37

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
1
Assumptions Underlying Credibility Assessments in Asylum Processes: An Analysis of
Evaluations in Finnish Asylum Cases
According to the United Nations Convention laid out in 1951, refugees are persons
who have “well-founded fears of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality,
membership of a particular social group or political opinion”, are outside their country of
nationality, and are due to the fears “unable or unwilling” to return to their own countries
(United Nations, 1951). Despite the theoretically clear definition, the task of distinguishing
between genuine and disingenuous asylum seekers is complex (Herlihy, Gleeson, & Turner,
2010; Noll, 2005; Rousseau, Crépeau, Foxen, & Houle, 2002).
The legal framework and determination principles in asylum procedures differ from
those applied in other legal cases. Asylum seekers rarely arrive in the receiving country with
external evidence with which to substantiate their claims, such as identity documents,
warrants, or proofs of detention (Gyulai, 2013; Kagan, 2003; Thomas, 2006; Goodman, 2013;
Noll, 2005; United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees [UNHCR], 2013).
Consequently, in contrast to other legal cases (e.g., criminal or tax issues), asylum seekers are
only required to verify their asylum claims to a reasonable degree of likelihood, instead of
beyond a reasonable doubt (van Veldhuizen, 2017; Thomas, 2006; UNHCR, 1998).
Decision makers are instructed to accept an applicant’s statement regardless of the
lack of corroborating evidence if four criteria are met: first, the applicant has made a genuine
effort to substantiate their statements; second, the applicant has applied for asylum as soon as
possible after entering the receiving country; third, the asylum authorities deem the statements
coherent and plausible after considering all relevant information in the case; and fourth, the
asylum authorities consider the applicant generally credible. This is called the benefit of the
doubt-principle (for more information, see e.g., UNHCR, 2011; 2013).
Although asylum seekers do not have to fully corroborate their claims, they are still
responsible for providing all relevant proof (i.e., information about their identities,
backgrounds, and the reasons for seeking asylum) to the asylum authorities (Qualification
Directive, 2011, Article 4.1). If any corroborating hard evidence exists, the applicant should
submit it promptly in the asylum process, and the rest of the protection claim should be
corroborated by the testimony. The asylum officials are responsible for gathering and
assessing all relevant information to the applicants’ claims (Qualification Directive, 2011,
Article 4.1), and to determine whether the claims are substantiated to a sufficient degree
(UNHCR, 2013). Before assessing the substantiality of a claim, the decision makers must

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
2
assess which of the core aspects in the claims are plausible. Only the believable aspects are
forwarded to the substantiality assessment (UNHCR, 2013), thus, this evaluation of
believability, also called the credibility assessment, constitutes a central stage in the asylum
process (Goodman, 2013; Kagan, 2003; Gyulai, 2013; Herlihy et al., 2010; UNHCR 2013).
The integrity of due process might be negatively affected if the asylum system relies
on assumptions that are based on unfounded grounds. Therefore, identifying assumptions that
underlie these credibility assessments is essential to be able to compare the assumptions
against scientific findings regarding human behavior and memory. This is what the current
study sets out to do.
Current Best Practice Guidelines for Evaluating Asylum Claims
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) provides asylumauthorities with handbooks and directives for executing fair and reliable asylum procedures
(UNHCR, 2011; 2013). The UNHCR also provides a continuously updated database with
Country of Origin Information (COI)-reports, which can assist decision makers in their tasks
of substantiating applicants’ statements about certain events and places in countries (UNHCR,
2013). Despite these provided resources, the evaluation processes in asylum cases are still
affected by asylum officials’ subjectivity and biases (Macklin, 1998; Coffey, 2003; Granhag,
Strömwall, & Hartwig, 2005; Granhag, Landström, & Nordin, 2017). These could stem from,
for example, cultural and social backgrounds, experiences, and general knowledge (Thomas,
2008; Smith-Khan, 2017; UNHCR, 2013).
The latest best-practice handbook by the UNHCR (2013) includes thorough
information about the stages in a credibility assessment process, as well as detailed
information about credibility indicators and how to implement them in practice. The
handbook specifies five major credibility indicators to be observant of in the asylum hearings:
Sufficiency of detail and specificity, Internal consistency, Consistency with other witnesses,
Consistency with information from external sources, and Plausibility. Officials are
encouraged to use these elements as guidance to what genuine statements can be assumed to
look like (UNHCR, 2013). Although helpful, these indicators are based on certain
assumptions which are partially uncorroborated by empirical research (see e.g., Granhag,
Landström, & Nordin, 2017). The UNHCR’s handbook acknowledges that decision makers
hold expectations that are based on “assumptions about human memory, behavior, values,
attitudes, perceptions of and responses to risk, and about how genuine accounts are presented”

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
3
(UNHCR, 2013, p. 54). Research has shown that expert decision-making in any context can
be affected by aspects that might bias the outcomes of cases (see e.g., Dror, 2020).
Psychological Literature Relevant to Asylum Procedures
Decision makers could benefit from having knowledge about psychological aspects
that can affect the asylum procedures. For example, research indicates that assumptions about
normative behavior or memory functions cannot be applied to any individual, since the
variation between individuals is vast (Cohen, 2001).
Memory functions and possibly distorting factors. The psychological literature
regarding human memory and its limitations is extensive. Both memory functioning under
usual and unusual circumstances are relevant for asylum procedures. Melton (1963) defines
memory processes as divided into three stages: encoding (i.e., initial coding into memory),
storage (i.e., maintaining the memory over time), and retrieval (i.e., a recollection of the
memory when needed). All three stages must be intact to successfully create and maintain a
memory (Melton, 1963). The psychological literature has proved that human memory is
unable to store, keep, or retrieve information in exhaustive ways (e.g., Bartlett, 1932; Hyman
& Loftus, 1998). Importantly, memories are individuals’ experiences of events, not objective
recollections (Gyulai, 2013). The details attended to and coded into memory depends on an
individual’s previous knowledge and experiences (Cohen, 2001). Research suggests most
individuals can maintain the central gist of an event, while peripheral information may be lost
(e.g., temporal information, such as dates, times, frequency, duration, and sequence; names;
or commonly appearing objects; Cameron, 2010).
Furthermore, memories have been found to deteriorate over time, regardless of how
important or distinctive they have been for a person (Morgan et al., 2004). Especially the
autobiographical memory is prone to produce errors (Rubin et al., 2008). Visual, verbal, and
auditory information is reconstructed each time a memory is recalled, which means that it
usually is partially different at each recall (Cameron, 2010). Considering all the above, the
literature indicates that inconsistencies tend to occur naturally in any individual’s recollection
of memories (Conway & Holmes, 2008). Hence, vagueness or inconsistencies in applicants’
testimonies might not be accurate indicators to use in credibility assessments (Vredeveldt, van
Koppen, & Granhag, 2014).
Autobiographical memories of traumatic events. Asylum seekers’ claims are often
based on traumatic experiences (UNHCR, 2013). Psychological research shows that trauma
affects how memories are dealt with and recalled (Herlihy & Turner, 2007; Herlihy, Jobson,

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
4
& Turner, 2012; Graham, Herlihy, & Brewin, 2014; Cohen, 2001). In the same way as normal
memories, the central gist of traumatic experiences is usually remembered, but peripheral
details may be overlooked (Moore & Zoellner, 2007; Herlihy & Turner, 2007). However,
there are currently no consensus on how trauma affects the memory. According to some
studies traumatic memories might be even more vulnerable to distortion (e.g., Southwick,
Morgan, Nicolaou, & Charney, 1997; Herlihy, Scragg, & Turner, 2002), while other studies
show that they are more accurately remembered than neutral memories (e.g., Porter & Peace,
2007). Mental health issues such as Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), depression, and
anxiety have been found to affect all three stages of the memory process (Budson & Price,
2005; Brewin, 2011); for example, by narrowing the attentional span which could lead to
overgeneral encodings of events (Chaudhary, 2010). Individuals might also, consciously, or
unconsciously, suppress traumatic memories due to their tendencies to trigger unwanted
emotional states (Herlihy & Turner, 2007). Asylum seekers have been found to have a higher
prevalence of mental health issues than the normal population (Cohen, 2001; Fazel, Wheeler,
& Danesh, 2005; Steel, Frommer, & Silove, 2004). Thus, concerns with mental health might
explain why an asylum seeker is vague or omits central information in a testimony (Bögner,
Herlihy, & Brewin, 2007).
The impact of cultural factors and stereotypical thinking. The Qualification
Directive states in Article 4.1 that the duty to gather all relevant facts for an applicant’s claim
lies on both the asylum seeker and the authority. In practice, this also means that the two
parties must manage cultural and linguistic issues while aiming at flexible intercultural
communication (Gyulai, 2013). Intercultural communication is defined as an interaction in a
multicultural group where the participants strive to understand each other regardless of their
different cultural backgrounds (Fox, 1997).
When an asylum official and an asylum seeker from different cultures meet in an
asylum hearing, several factors could affect how relevant information is gathered. Granhag,
Landström, and Nordin (2017) present four of these in their handbook for Swedish asylum
officials. Firstly, the expectation of the style of communication might differ between the two
individuals. Asylum seekers might not know what it means to “present all relevant
information”, and therefore, their attempts at all-encompassing testimonies might not be
considered sufficient by the asylum officials. Secondly, there are cultural differences in
individuals’ verbalities. Asylum officials may expect applicants to be able to present
experiences, thoughts, and feelings, even more sensitive ones, in structured and detailed ways.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
5
Individuals from some cultures communicate with simple sentences that have implicit
meanings, expected to be understood by the receiving part. An asylum official who is not used
to implicit information in a testimony might mistakenly deem the claim non-credible due to a
lack of detail and specificity.
The third aspect considers power distances, which are the hierarchical standards in a
culture that defines how authorities are perceived and approached. The asylum process,
especially the asylum hearing, entails a power imbalance between the applicant and the
official. The imbalance might be reinforced if an individual comes from a culture with a
larger power distance (i.e., a culture where authorities are not questioned or criticized).
Asylum seekers from such background contexts might find it difficult to present objections or
additions to written determinations or asylum officials’ conclusions, since they might find it
inappropriate, even shameful, to question authorities. Fourth and lastly, cultures have different
conceptual frameworks, vocabularies, and perceptions of time (i.e., both calendar systems and
the value of estimating time) that could lead to misunderstandings between applicants and
asylum officials. By considering these four aspects presented by Granhag and colleagues
(2017), such misunderstandings could be avoided.
Stereotypes and prejudices. Another issue that affects the decision-making in asylum
processes are stereotypes and prejudices. Stereotypes are socially constructed opinions about
certain people or groups, and prejudice means giving certain values to these stereotypes. Both
the applicant and the decision maker in asylum processes are affected by their previous
assumptions about people and groups (Gyulai, 2013). Stereotypes imply generalizations that
all individuals tend to have about members of a particular group. Although helpful in
structuring a world with an overflow of information, decision makers should acknowledge the
possible impact of these in their evaluation processes. Dror considers this in his recent study
from 2020 that explores fallacies and biases in expert decision-making. Biases can impact
both what data is initially included in analyses (i.e., certain data is sought from the beginning),
and how that data is interpreted (i.e., certain assessment strategies are chosen; Dror, 2020).
Biased thinking, including cognitive fallacies, stereotypes, and prejudices might be
featured in the evaluations of plausibility. The UNHCR handbook acknowledges plausibility
as one of the five credibility indicators but states that the definition of this indicator is not as
clearly defined as the other indicators in terms of what it means for the credibility assessment
(UNHCR, 2013). The handbook defines plausibility as the realistic likelihood of events,
which means that a statement is implausible if a decision maker deems it to be “beyond

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
6
human experience of possible occurrence” (Maegherman, van Veldhuizen, & Horselenberg,
2018). Thus, decision makers have to evaluate what is realistic based on their subjective
views (Granhag, Landström, & Nordin, 2017), although the legal framework for asylum
processes require the assessments to be objective and impartial.
The assessment of plausibility is not only based on decision makers’ subjective
assumptions concerning realistic events. Some reference frames can be used for implausibility
by considering what is humanly possible (e.g., jumping over a high prison wall is implausible;
Maegherman, van Veldhuizen, & Horselenberg, 2018). Usually, however, the decision
makers do not have any reference frames to use in their assessments, and therefore, they
might deem an event implausible without considering all alternative explanations from, for
example, other cultural contexts (Gyulai, 2013; Maegherman, van Veldhuizen, &
Horselenberg, 2018). The UNHCR’s handbook (2013) reminds asylum officials that they
should always be aware of possible biases in their decision-making. By including thorough
substantiation to conclusions in a written determination letter, biases might be more easily
detected.
Previous Research
Some previous studies have explored the quality of credibility assessments in
asylum cases. Most of these have used samples of asylum cases that have been brought to a
court for an appeal against the initial decision. Herlihy, Gleeson, and Turner (2010) conducted
a qualitative analysis of British immigration judges’ assumptions in decision-making
processes. The authors coded assumptions found in 30 randomly selected written
determinations through an inductive thematic analysis, which resulted in three major themes
with sub-categories (see Table 1).
The first major theme; There: How others behave, includes assumptions about how
people behave in their home countries. One sub-category contains assumptions about
individuals’ and families’ behavior in danger or following trauma (e.g., it would be
considered irrational to continue living in a place where one is threatened), while another subcategory includes assumptions about the behavior of authorities (e.g., on which grounds
individuals are arrested). The second major theme; Here: The asylum system, collects
assumptions about the asylum system. A sub-category for appellants reflects decision makers’
assumptions about appellants’ knowledge about the asylum system, and capabilities to
implement this knowledge to asylum processes (e.g., appellants know which information they
need to disclose). Another sub-category consists of assumptions where decision makers assess

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
7
other professional actors’ clinical judgments (e.g., in some cases, it was questioned whether a
psychiatrist can reach a diagnosis only based on a short clinical interview with an asylum
seeker). The third major theme; A truthful account, considers assumptions about the
characteristics of genuine testimonies (e.g., truthful accounts are rich in details and consistent
through the hearing process), with the appellant’s demeanor as a sub-category (e.g., nervous
appellants might be untruthful).
The authors only briefly explore whether the categories of assumptions found in
this study corresponds with empirical evidence. They conclude that cross-disciplinary
research should strive to develop an overview of how frequent unfounded assumptions are in
asylum processes.
Table 1
Three Themes of Assumptions Made by Asylum officials (Herlihy, Gleeson, & Turner, 2010).
There: How others behave
How individuals and families behave
in danger and following trauma
How authorities behave

Here: The asylum system

A truthful account

Appellants

Demeanor

Other professionals/actors

In 2018, an interdisciplinary team of Australian researchers in law and psychology
continued to explore decision makers’ assumptions in asylum processes. The frequency and
importance of assumptions were analyzed in 50 asylum cases which had been processed by
the Australian Refugee Review Tribunal in 2015 (Dowd, Hunter, Liddell, McAdam,
Nickerson, & Bryant, 2018). The aim was to outline how often Tribunal members consider
credibility guidelines and psychological empirical evidence when applicants’ claims cannot
be substantiated by corroborating evidence. The authors used the same major themes as
Herlihy, Gleeson, and Turner (2010), but altered them partially to better fit the current sample
(see Table 2).
The first major theme; Now: The applicant as a truthful witness, reflects the
following three assumptions about how truthful witnesses present themselves: first, applicants
presenting their testimonies clearly and convincingly are more reliable than applicants who
are hesitant and confused; second, testimonies that are presented consistently throughout the
processes are truthful; third, truthful applicants present testimonies in detail, focusing on the
most significant events. The researchers acknowledge that all three assumptions are
inconsistent with findings from the psychological literature. Further, the second major theme;

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
8
There: Plausibility of account, includes four sub-categories of assumptions regarding the
plausibility of an account. Asylum officials hold assumptions about the behavior of people in
threatening situations, as well as characteristics of durable threats. Furthermore, officials seem
to commonly favor “objective” COI over the applicants’ “subjective” accounts about their
home countries. Finally, the third theme; Here: The asylum system, presents two subcategories of assumptions that considers the applicants’ knowledge of the asylum system in
the receiving country, and the applicants’ behavior in the asylum procedures. The first subcategory considers assumptions about delayed disclosure of information (e.g., disclosing
relevant facts only at the review stage of the protocol undermines credibility), and the other
relates to the use of the benefit of the doubt-principle, distinctive for the judicial framework in
asylum cases.
Table 2
Three Themes With Sub-categories of Assumptions Made by Asylum officials (Dowd et al.,
2018).
Now: The applicant as
a truthful witness
Demeanor

There: Plausibility of account

Here: The asylum system

Assumptions about the conduct of
State and non-State actors

Assumptions about delay
and disclosure

Inconsistency

Assumptions about threats being
only temporary

The benefit of the doubt

Detail

Assumptions about fear, fight, or
flight
Assumptions about family

Dowd and her colleagues note that although some inconsistencies between Tribunal
members are inevitable, the results of the study show that Tribunal members approach the
credibility assessments inconsistently, which can have a substantial impact on the reliability
of asylum processes. The results also indicate that the assumptions held by Tribunal members
sometimes contradicted psychological empirical evidence. Therefore, the authors conclude
that Tribunal members should strive for predictability and consistency in their decisionmaking when they are faced with issues related to both the officials’ and the applicants’
cultural norms, individual values, experiences, and expectations.
The Current Study
More research is needed to develop an overview of the current quality of asylum

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
9
procedures, and if necessary, to improve the guidelines and principles behind these.
Credibility assessments are considered to be one of the key factors to revise in asylum
processes since, despite guidelines and handbooks on how to conduct the assessments, they
still leave room for decision makers’ subjective interpretations (Kagan, 2003; Herlihy et al.,
2010). In the current study, we firstly aimed at analyzing possible expectations and
assumptions regarding credibility and truthful accounts held by Finnish asylum officials.
Secondly, we strived to explore whether the identified assumptions correspond with empirical
psychological knowledge regarding human behavior, memory, and communication abilities.
As the present study is still among the first to include an analysis of these factors, we explored
the data qualitatively instead of making a priori hypotheses, following Dowd and colleagues’
(2018) thematic analysis.
Methods
Ethical Permission
The study received ethical permission by the Ethical Review Board of the Faculty of
Arts, Psychology, and Theology at Åbo Akademi University.
Case Selection
The included cases were selected from a larger sample of official asylum cases
obtained from the Finnish Immigration Service in 2019. The Finnish Immigration Service
granted the researchers’ request for documents, as the documents were classified as publicly
available after anonymizing all personal information. The sample consisted of 200 randomly
selected asylum cases, processed between 2017 and 2018 in any of the four active reception
centers in Finland at the time. Each asylum casefile included transcripts of all available
asylum hearings conducted during the asylum procedure, as well as the written asylum
decision. The applicants were both adults and minors, applying individually or with their
families.
Out of the 200 cases in the sample, we included 56 in our analysis. A total of 46 cases
were excluded due to a lack of a concluding determination in the case (i.e., expired or not
investigated asylum cases). Furthermore, 98 cases were excluded due to a lack of explicit
statements about the applicant’s credibility in the written determination. A majority of the
excluded cases were granted (55.2%) and only a few (5.5%) rejected asylum, while the rest
had either been given a subsidiary protection status or residence permit on compassionate
grounds. The final sample consisted mostly of rejected cases (83.9%), two granted cases
(1.8%), and the rest was equally divided between alternative residence permits.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
10
Procedure
The first coder (VS) read all determinations and noted how Finnish asylum officials
formulate their written determination letters. Next, themes and sub-categories from Dowd and
colleagues’ (2018) study were applied, to conduct a theory-driven instead of a data-driven
thematic analysis as Dowd and colleagues’ (2018) and Herlihy and colleagues’ (2010) did.
VS established coding principles and specifications of definitions for the current study. An
assumption was defined as statements and a conclusions about a credibility indicator or any
other fact affecting the decision, where the asylum officials substantiated their conclusions
about the believability of an applicant or a statement (e.g., “Your story lacks details and
specificity, therefore the Finnish Immigration Service does not believe that it reflects a true
event.”). The pre-defined set of themes, directly corresponding to the results of Dowd and
colleagues (2018), were: Demeanor, Inconsistency, Detail, Assumptions about the conduct of
State and non-State actors, Assumptions about threats being only temporary, Assumptions
about fear, fight, or flight, Assumptions about family, Assumptions about delay and
disclosure, and The benefit of the doubt (see chapter 1.3 for a more thorough description). We
later revised these themes to better fit the current sample.
The coding process consisted of three steps: first, identifying an assumption; secondly,
rewriting the assumption in a data file; third, assigning a theme to the assumption based on the
pre-defined categories. If a theme corresponded with two or more categories, we coded them
into all relevant ones. Thus, the statement “Your story lacks details and specificity and is
inconsistent with your wife’s narrative, therefore the Finnish Immigration Service does not
believe that it reflects a true event.” was coded as both corresponding to the theme Sufficiency
of detail and specificity and Consistency. The first coder noticed at an early stage of the
coding that the pre-defined set of themes did not cover all assumptions found in the sample.
Consequently, all assumptions that did not fit a pre-defined theme were given a preliminary
label, and these labels were formed into coherent new themes at a later stage.
Coding of assumptions and theme. At this point in the coding, a second coder (JS)
was introduced to the materials and the coding principles. The two coders coded
approximately four cases together, after which they coded 20% of the sample (n = 11)
independently, for an inter-rater reliability analysis. The focus was on the first step of the
process, that is, identifying assumptions, and not the coding of the themes. When comparing
the results, the coders noted a need for stricter and more extensive coding principles for
identifying assumptions, as the determinations proved to be complex and diverse. The coding

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
11
principles were therefore revised, and a partly new set of cases was chosen, excluding the
cases already discussed. The second inter-rater reliability analysis yielded the following
results: a total of 109 assumptions were identified, of which both coders had identified 88
(80.7%). VS had additionally identified 16 assumptions that JS had not found, and JS had
identified 5 assumptions that VS had not found. After a thorough examination, 8 of the 21
assumptions which had been identified by only one of the coders did not fit the definition and
were thus excluded. Furthermore, in approximately 50 % of the inconsistencies, the coders
had identified the same assumption, but VS had considered it to contain two assumptions
whereas JS had coded it as one. Considering that Herlihy and colleagues (2010) reached a
similar level of inter-rater reliability between the coders, we concluded the inter-rater
reliability to be sufficient. The rest of the sample was coded cooperatively by both coders.
After identifying and coding all assumptions, we examined the existing, pre-defined
categories for different themes and adapted them to be more fitting for our sample. The theme
Demeanor was deleted since no examples of it were identified in our sample. The theme
Assumptions about threats being only temporary was divided into two themes; Threat
assumed not to be personal and Threat assumed not to be durable, since we noticed that most
of the examples of this category seemed to relate to a threat not being personal, and because
of that only temporal. The other themes were slightly renamed (for a list of the final themes,
see Table 3).
Thematic analysis. Next, the assumptions which had not been coded into any of the
pre-defined categories of theme were examined in a data-driven thematic analysis. We read
these assumptions, their descriptions, and preliminary labels several times and adapted the
labels during the process. We identified two new themes that had not been included in the
previous studies; The ability to disclose sensitive information and The impact of one
assumption on the whole claim. The first theme represents assumptions held by asylum
officials about what applicants can be expected and willing to know and talk about. These
assumptions often started with an official’s statement that “one can reasonably expect a
person to be able to talk about thoughts and feelings related to...”. The second new theme
reflects instances where the asylum official explicitly stated that a previous assumption
affected the credibility of a later assumption. Often, officials stated that since they had not
found one aspect of the persecution claim plausible, another aspect could not be considered
plausible either.
Results

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
12
Descriptives
We identified a total of 449 statements regarding credibility aspects, ranging between
1‒22 statements in each case. A majority of the statements had a negative outcome (i.e., were
not believed; 72.4%). In cases with positive outcomes, only three sub-categories were
identified: Consistency (77.4%), Detail (14.5%), and The benefit of the doubt (7,5%). In
general, applicants did not provide corroborating evidence to their statements (70.4%), but,
about half (48.3%) of the statements with positive outcomes had corroborating evidence.
Themes
The themes and sub-categories found in the sample are presented below, and
summarized in Table 3. Examples of each sub-category are presented in Table 4‒6.
Table 3
Three Themes With Sub-categories of Assumptions Made by Asylum officials in Our Sample.
Now: The applicant as a
truthful witness
Sufficiency of detail and
specificity
Consistency
The ability to disclose
sensitive information
The impact of one assumption
on the whole claim

There: Plausibility of account
Plausibility of the alleged conduct of
State and non-State actors
Plausibility of the
alleged conduct of the applicant
Plausibility of the alleged conduct of
other actors
Threat assumed not to be personal
Threat assumed not to be durable

Here: The asylum
system
Delay and Disclosure
The benefit of the
doubt

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS

13

Table 4
Examples of the Sub-categories From the Theme “Now: The Applicant as a Truthful Witness”.
Sub-category
Sufficiency of
detail and
specificity

%
23.2

Example

Assumption

“Your story is marked by a lack of subjective specificity as a whole since your story about
the threat from Asaib Ahl Al-Haq is undetailed, and you have given narrow answers to the
specifying questions about this threat.”

A lack of detail and specificity in
applicant’s stories can be used as
indicators of untruthfulness

“When you have been asked to tell more about the attack, your story has remained narrow
and only contains few details that are typical for self-experienced accounts.”
Consistency

30.5

“You presented details about the attack on your store, but [name X] and [name Y] stories
contain inconsistencies between themselves. [X], you said you were inside the cafeteria
when the men attacked and assaulted you. [Y], you said that your husband had closed the
store and was outside when the attack happened. This weakens the credibility of your
stories.”

Inconsistency within the
applicant’s story, between two
individuals’ stories, or between
other information and the
applicant’s story can be used as
indicators of untruthfulness

“Your identity cannot be confirmed since you have not presented any documentary
evidence about it. However, you have told consistently about your background during the
process. The Finnish Immigration Service deems your story about your citizenship,
religion, and ethnicity credible.”
The ability to
disclose sensitive
information

2.0

“When prompted, you have not described thoughts and feelings related to the conversion
to Christianity [questions X-Y]. You have said that you have chosen the church [name]
because the Holy Spirit has touched you, but this experience has been presented very
superficially [questions X-Y]. When asked how your life has changed after coming to faith,
you have given a very short answer that your life became better after reading the Bible
[questions X-Y]. The Finnish Immigration Service considers it reasonable to assume, that
you would be able to describe this important change in your life and the thoughts related
to it in more detail, and from a more personally experienced perspective.”
“Sexuality is part of an individual’s identity. When one’s identity is in a process of
change, there are often a lot of different feelings associated with homosexuality and the
recognition of it. You state that your sexual thoughts about men aroused after puberty.

If individuals are unable or
unwilling to disclose sensitive
personal information, their
statements can be used as
indicators of untruthfulness

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS

14

However, you have not described the formation of your sexual identity, or thoughts and
feelings related to it. […] Your answers regarding your sexual orientation have also been
closely tied to having sexual intercourse, not thoughts and feelings you have experienced
due to your homosexuality. The Finnish Immigration Service states that there is more to
one’s sexual identity than having sex.”
The impact of
one assumption
on the whole
claim

2.2

“[…] you have given wrongful information about your home area, which in itself
weakens the credibility of your story, the Finnish Immigration Service does not accept
your story about the threats from ISIS to be real.”

Assumptions about credibility
earlier in the assessment may
affect decisions later in the
assessment

“You have presented photographs and copies of documents which you have said are
related to your father’s political activity. Considering the ambiguities and inconsistencies
in the other documents you have presented, [these] documents cannot be given much
evidential value.”

Table 5
Examples of the Sub-categories From the Theme “There: Plausibility of Account”.
Sub-category
Plausibility of the
alleged conduct
of State or Nonstate actors

%
5.1

Example
“Considering the presented COI, your age, story, and lack of special skills and
knowledge about weapons, the Finnish Immigration Service does not accept as a fact
that you would be subject to a threat of being recruited into armed groups.”

Assumption
Assumptions about plausible
behavior of State and non-State
actors

“The Finnish Immigration Service finds it implausible that you, at the age of 13, after
your father’s death, have started to get threatening text messages from Mahdi’s army
due to your father’s party membership.”
Plausibility of the
alleged conduct
of the applicant

3.8

“Your story contains implausible features. You said that you were unconscious
during the rape, but still at times conscious when the rapist told you his name. […]
the Finnish Immigration Service does not accept that your rapist was an infamous
prisoner wanting to kill you because you recognize him.”
“A nurse at the Reception Center has stated that you have started a healthier lifestyle
and that you do not consume alcohol at all anymore. […] the Finnish Immigration

Assumptions about plausible
behavior of applicants

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
Sub-category

Plausibility of the
alleged conduct
of other actors

%

1.6

15

Example
Service considers it reasonable to assume that a person can stay away from the
consumption of alcohol if it causes serious problems. […] Considering all the above,
the Finnish Immigration Service does not accept that you would be in danger of
serious infringement due to the consumption of alcohol if you were to return to your
country of origin.”
“There are several grammatical and typing errors in the documents, which does not
support your story about the documents originating from a law firm. […]
Considering the previously mentioned facts, the Finnish Immigration Service does
not accept your story about the events of 2012 as true.”

Assumption

Assumptions about plausible
behavior of other actors

“Considering your whole story, the Finnish Immigration Service finds it implausible
that even though [person X], according to your story, was a famous and valued lawyer,
he only had one inexperienced supporting lawyer in his office.”
Threat assumed
not to be personal

22.5

“The Finnish Immigration Service considers that you have been randomly targeted by a
shooting due to the country’s general safety situation.”
“The previously presented COI supports the fact that marriages between Sunnis and
Shias may cause problems on a case-by-case basis. [Person X], you have not presented
credible grounds as to why you would be of specific interest for the Shia militia because
of your intermarriage or other reasons.

Threat assumed
not to be durable

4.2

“You have left the area and been away for over one and a half years. Considering the
time that has passed since the event and the nature of [it], the Finnish Immigration
Service does not accept as a fact that if you were to return to your home area, you
would be in danger of serious violations from the same persons.”
“However, considering that you have not brought forward any other personal reasons
than your clan background, and that those violations took place 20 years ago, and that
according to current COI, the [X]-minority are not subject to direct violence, the Finnish
Immigration Service does not accept that the reason why you fled Somalia would put
you in danger of violations in the future.”

Assumptions about what
constitutes a real threat, and
which aspects assure that the
threat is directed towards the
applicant

Assumptions about which threats
might subside over time, and
how long it takes for them to
subside

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS

16

Table 6
Examples of the Sub-categories From the Theme “Here: The Asylum System”.
Sub-category
Assumptions
about delay and
disclosure

%
2.7

Example
“You have informed that you have understood the meaning of the hearing, such as the
obligation to tell about all the reasons why you cannot return to your home country, and
therefore, The Finnish Immigration Service deems it generally implausible that you have
brought these [new] aspects forward only at the appeal stage of the process, when you have
not mentioned them at all at the hearings arranged at [place X] and [place Y].”

Assumption
Disclosing new relevant
information at a later stage in
the process can be used as an
indicator of untruthfulness

“When you, [person X] and [person Y], arrived in Finland, you told the authorities that you
came on a tourist trip to Finland and that you would stay for 42 days. You have only
presented your asylum claims when the authorities prevented your entry to the country.
When prompted why you did not immediately disclose that you were going to apply for
international protection, you said that you were afraid, did not have any experience of
seeking asylum, and that you had to get to the Reception Center.”
The benefit of the
doubt

1.8

“Your story about [ex-husband’s] background was left unspecified. However, considering
that you were only 13 years old when you married him and that you eventually spent only
roughly one year together with him, the Finnish Immigration Service assumes that you
cannot be expected to be able to tell about [ex-husband’s] background in more detail. The
documents that you have delivered from the court corroborates your story about [exhusband’s] criminal past.”
“When assessing your [daughter’s] danger of being subject to genital mutilation if you and
your family were to be returned to your home area, the Finnish Immigration Service applies
the benefit of the doubt-principle. […] the Finnish Immigration Service has not been
convinced of [parents’] general credibility earlier. However, considering all previously
mentioned facts and the best interests of the child, the Finnish Immigration Service does not
consider that your [parent X] and [parent Y] lowered credibility is a reason not to apply the
benefit of the doubt-principle […]”

Assumptions about when to
implement the principle of the
benefit of the doubt

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
17
Now: The applicant as a truthful witness. This major theme, divided into four
sub-categories, includes all assumptions relating to the asylum hearings where the applicants’
protection claims are presented. The decision makers evaluate the credibility in the content
that the applicants present, but also, how they present it during the asylum hearings.
Sufficiency of detail and specificity. Out of all assumptions, 22.7% were assigned to
this category. Truthful applicants were expected to be able to provide detailed information
about their experiences, including, for example, visual or auditive details from the events, or
what emotions they felt. A lack of specificity in the accounts was perceived to indicate that
the applicant was not credible.
Consistency. This was the most frequently occurring type of assumption, as it
consisted of 30.7% of the whole sample. The expectation that genuine statements would be
consistent was reflected in, for example, an assumption that the statements of a family or a
couple applying due to the same fear of persecution should be consistent with each other.
Furthermore, applicants’ statements were expected to correspond with external corroborating
information, either presented by the applicants or externally retrieved (e.g., COI-reports).
The ability to disclose sensitive information. Assumptions were assigned to this
category in 2% of the sample. Asylum seekers were expected to be able and willing to
disclose sensitive personal information about, for example, traumatic experiences, personal
relationships, sexual orientations, or religious beliefs. Decision makers also presented
assumptions about the way in which they expected the information to be presented. For
example, a decision maker stated in a written determination letter that the applicant’s inability
to present subjective thoughts or feelings regarding his/her decision to convert to another
religion indicated that he/she was untruthful.
The impact of one assumption on the whole claim. Out of all assumptions found, 2.2%
were assigned to this category. The decision makers assumed in some cases that the
applicants’ particular words or deeds affected the general credibility of their claims. For
example, if applicants had presented incorrect facts about their home countries, the credibility
of the perceived threats were undermined. Furthermore, if a decision maker deemed a
statement non-credible in the beginning of the assessment, subsequent statements of the
applicant could also be affected by this assessment. For example, when an applicant had
provided documents that a decision maker considered fabricated, the subsequently submitted
documents, unrelated to the previous documents, were not considered credible either without
specification as to why this was the case.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
18
There: Plausibility of account. The second major theme, divided into five subcategories, reflected decision makers expectations about rational behavior in specific
situations, especially in situations where fear or trauma are involved. Furthermore, decision
makers presented perceptions of what personal and/or durable threats entail.
Plausibility of the alleged conduct of State or non-State actors. This category was
assigned to 5.3% of all the assumptions found. Decision makers held assumptions about how
State or non-State actors (e.g., paramilitary or extremist groups) normally function. Decision
makers presented assumptions about the characteristics persons were expected to have in
order to be of interest to recruiters of extremist groups. For example, recruiters were not
expected to approach young applicants, and/or applicants lacking knowledge about special
skills that are needed in armed groups.
Plausibility of the alleged conduct of the applicant. Out of all assumptions, 3.8%
were assigned to this category. These assumptions related to the behavior applicants were
expected to demonstrate when they experienced fear, had to fight someone or flee from
something. For example, one decision maker did not believe that a female applicant could be
both conscious and unconscious during a rape, and therefore, that the applicant could not have
heard the name of the rapist. Another example was presented in a case where the applicant
applied for asylum due to substance abuse. The applicant had recovered from the abuse, and
thus the decision maker stated that “a person can be reasonably assumed to be able to stay
away from the consumption of alcohol if it causes serious problems”.
Plausibility of the alleged conduct of other actors. This category was assigned to 1.6%
of all identified assumptions. Decision makers had certain expectations about the behavior of
other actors, such as family members, relatives, or acquaintances. For example, a decision
maker stated that a document with several typing errors could not have come from a law firm.
Furthermore, in another case, renowned lawyers were not expected to only have
inexperienced employees as their support.
Threat assumed not to be personal. Out of the sample of assumptions, 23.1% were
assigned to this category. For example, decision makers assumed that applicants were not
personally threatened if the threats seemed to be related to the applicants’ home countries’
general safety situations. Furthermore, threatening actors were not expected to be interested in
harming applicants that were not profiled for something (e.g., member of a political party or a
church worker) in their countries. In one case, having a father that was politically active was
not considered to be able to affect an applicant him-/herself as well.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
19
Threat assumed not to be durable. Almost four percent (3.8%) of the assumptions
were assigned to this category. Decision makers assumed in some cases that threats would
subside over time, but which time frame was considered long enough for a threat to pass
differed between decision makers. One decision maker could argue that a few months were
enough for a threat to pass, while another decision maker judged a similar threat to pass only
after several years. As an example, one applicant was considered to be able to return safely to
his/her home country since he/she had not been threatened for over one and a half years.
However, the applicant had been away from his/her home country during this whole time,
which implies he was unable to estimate whether the threat was still present.
Here: The asylum system. The third major theme, divided into two sub-categories,
related to what asylum seekers were expected to know about the asylum procedures, and how
they should manage to go through the different stages of the processes. For example, decision
makers expected all applicants to be aware of how and when to apply for international
protection, as well as what information and evidence to provide during the processes.
Assumptions about delay and disclosure. Out of all assumptions found, 2,7% were
assigned to this category. Decision makers were found to hold the assumption that not
applying for international protection at the earliest time possible after arriving in a receiving
country might be an indicator of an applicant’s lack of fear of being persecuted. Furthermore,
not disclosing important information or evidence promptly at the asylum hearing could be
interpreted as an indicator of untruthfulness. For example, one asylum seeker who disclosed
relevant information only at the appeal stage of his/her process was considered to either
having added fabricated information at the appeal stage or having tried to cover up
information initially.
The benefit of the doubt. The remaining 1.8% of the assumptions found were
assigned to this theme. The benefit of the doubt is one of the distinctive principles in the
asylum procedure. Decision makers were found to give the benefit of the doubt to, for
example, applicants considered unable to disclose all relevant information due to medical or
mental health concerns, traumatic experiences, or a young age. One female asylum seeker was
given the benefit of the doubt although her story of being a rape victim was undetailed since
she had been able to tell consistently about her experiences throughout the whole asylum
process. In another case, the benefit of the doubt was given to a family where there were
doubts concerning the general credibility of the parents, since the best interest of the family’s
child was prioritized over the credibility issues.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
20
Discussion
This study builds on two previous studies which analyzed assumptions made by
asylum officials in their line of reasoning (Herlihy et al., 2010; Dowd et al., 2018). Our study
analyzed 56 real asylum cases obtained from the Finnish Immigration Service, identifying
assumptions presented in the written determination letters, and comparing how well these
assumptions correspond with psychological literature. The results are in line with the findings
by Herlihy and colleagues’ (2010) and Dowd and colleagues’ (2018). However, some
differences also emerged. An important difference was that no assumptions concerning the
theme Demeanor were identified in the Finnish sample, implying credibility assessments were
not based on or motivated by the behavior of the applicants in the interview situations. This is
in line with current recommendations for credibility assessments in asylum procedures since
individuals with different backgrounds show such a great variety of behaviors that demeanor
during the asylum hearing cannot be used as an indicator of untruthfulness (Kagan, 2003;
UNHCR, 2013; Dowd et al., 2018).
Thematic Assumptions
The themes and sub-categories found in the current study reflect Finnish asylum
officials’ assumptions about normative human behavior both in individuals’ home countries
and during the asylum process. Furthermore, they also reflect what decision makers perceive
to be normative memory functioning and truthful accounts.
Now: The applicant as a truthful witness. This major theme reflected assumptions
about what information asylum seekers present at asylum hearings, but also how they present
it, through four sub-categories: Sufficiency of detail and specificity, Consistency, The ability to
disclose sensitive information, and The impact of one assumption on the whole claim.
Decision makers were found to hold assumptions about five aspects: first, genuine applicants
are expected to present their claims in detail and with sufficient specificity; second, a lack of
detail in applicants’ statements is perceived as indicating untruthfulness; third, genuine
applicants are able to present their claims consistently throughout the asylum process.
Consistency is expected to be found within and between the applicants’ hearings, between
other applicants’ statements if several persons apply due to the same asylum claim (e.g., a
family), and lastly, with information derived from external sources, such as COI-reports;
fourth, genuine applicants are expected to be able and willing to disclose sensitive personal
information, for example, details about traumatic events, personal relationships, sexual

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
21
orientations, or religious convictions; and fifth, a conclusion about the lack of credibility in
one statement can undermine the credibility in other statements too.
These assumptions are, at least partially, inconsistent with knowledge from the
psychological literature. Several researchers, as well as the UNHCR, have acknowledged that
while a lack of detail or specificity in applicants’ claims may indicate untruthfulness, it is not
necessarily an indicator to be used by default (UNHCR, 2013; Cameron, 2010; Cohen, 2001;
Herlihy & Turner, 2006; Vredeveldt, van Koppen, & Granhag, 2014). A genuine applicant
can be expected to remember the central gist of an event, but peripheral information might not
be recalled (e.g., dates, times, frequencies, durations, or sequences; Cameron, 2010). The
effects of traumatic experiences (Herlihy & Turner, 2007), the time between an event and the
recollection (e.g., Morgan et al., 2004), cultural differences in memory (e.g., Gyulai, 2013;
Granhag, Landström, & Nordin, 2017), and individual circumstances for the applicant should
be taken into consideration.
Assumptions found in our sample indicate that Finnish asylum officials are partially
conscious of how variations in memory might complicate credibility assessments (e.g., the
requirements to present the testimony in a detailed manner was lower for an applicant who
was diagnosed with schizophrenia, as well as another applicant who was young when the
recalled event took place). Nevertheless, officials still seem to base some conclusions on
unfounded grounds. For example, alternative explanations to a lack of detail, specificity, or
consistency should always be considered. Some written determination letters in our sample
did not address alternative explanations to officials’ judgments, which indicated that
alternatives might not have been considered in the officials’ decision-making processes. Not
considering alternative explanations might pose a risk of basing judgments on confirmation
bias in accordance with one’s own assumptions. Therefore, providing more insight into which
aspects the asylum officials have considered in their judgments might both make the officials
more cognizant of their deduction processes and make the determination letters more
transparent to the readers.
For example, in contradiction to the psychological literature on cultural differences
and memory, decision makers held the assumption that applicants should be able and willing
to present even sensitive personal information in asylum hearings. Factors such as trauma,
shame, and stigma might affect how willingly applicants provide information (Gyulai, 2013).
A small, but relevant number of assumptions were found in our sample where the

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
22
official expected the applicant to be able to provide certain information about personal
experiences. Applicants could be deemed non-credible if they were unable to provide
information requested by the officials. For example, the case considering an asylum seeker
whose claim was based on his homosexual orientation did not consider alternative
explanations as to why the applicant was unable to provide information about thoughts and
feelings related to his sexual orientation. At least two alternative explanations could have
been considered in the Finnish asylum officials’ decision-making. Firstly, the applicant might
consider aspects of sexuality to be taboo, and, be unwilling to disclose these to unknown
persons. Previous studies have suggested that applicants might find it challenging to disclose
aspects relating to their sexual orientation (UNHCR, 2012; Dowd et al., 2018). Secondly, the
applicant might come from a culture where the vocabulary for this context is not as vast and
detailed as in, for example, Western cultures. Even if the applicant wanted to disclose more,
he might not have had words for expressing thoughts and feelings related to this aspect. In
addition to this, there is a lack of research on how people in general recall and describe the
development of their sexual identity, regardless of the culture or context. In other words,
assumptions seem to be made about accounts that differ from a norm when there is no
normative information in the first place.
Similar alternative explanations could also have been considered in the other example
concerning an applicant who claimed to have converted to Christianity. Asylum officials
should be more cognizant of the various challenges that applicants might face in the asylum
process if they apply due to sexual orientation or religious beliefs. This has been noted
previously by other researchers as well (see e.g., UNHCR, 2012; Heller, 2009).
The assumptions in the theme The impact of one assumption on the whole claim
seemed to be more connected to judicial issues in asylum procedures than psychological
factors. Asylum processes must be assessed objectively and impartially according to the law,
and therefore decision makers should assess the credibility of each statement in an applicant’s
claim individually. The individual assessment was at times not complied with in our sample.
For example, in the case of the applicant who presented two sets of documentary evidence
that were related to two different aspects of his/her claim, both sets of documents should have
been assessed impartially.
There: Plausibility of account. This section of the study relates to assumptions about
what decision makers think rational behavior and genuine threats entail. The assumptions
about rational behavior in certain contexts seem to be based on subjective opinions held by

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
23
asylum officials, affected by cognitive fallacies, stereotypes, and prejudices. Decision makers
presented assumptions about what individuals should have done in specific situations, but also
about how societies, possibly unknown to them, function. The assumptions found in our
sample correspond with the results from Dowd and colleagues’ (2018) and Herlihy and
colleagues’ (2010) studies.
The assumptions about how non-State actors behave might not be grounded in reality,
since the evaluation of plausibility has been argued to be predominantly based on asylum
officials’ subjective decision-making. Several identified assumptions did not include
alternative explanations as to why paramilitary groups could be interested in a particular
applicant despite him not fulfilling the normative criteria for what recruiters for paramilitary
groups are interested in. Overall, asylum officials should not automatically prioritize COIreports, or other externally retrieved information, over the facts given by an applicant.
Although thorough, COI-reports cannot cover the variety of individual circumstances that can
impact the situations of individual applicants.
Assumptions about the expected behavior of applicants or other actors was also
problematic in light of psychological knowledge. Research has shown that individuals behave
in various ways when they have experienced traumatic or threatening situations, and that no
one “typical” victim behavior can be expected (Steimer, 2002). Factors such as these could
have been considered in the applicant’s credibility evaluation.
The assumptions that reflected the sub-categories Threat assumed not to be personal
and Threat assumed not to be durable might indirectly connect to psychological factors,
however, external corroborating information like COI-reports are so intertwined in the
statements that it is challenging to assess to what amount psychological factors have affected
the decision-making. The assessments by individual officials were diverse, especially the
estimations of time frames for durable threats. Therefore, these types of assumptions might
result in inconsistent decision-making by asylum officials, and consequently, legally uncertain
determinations.
The whole global asylum system should address the problems inherent in using
plausibility as a credibility indicator. Furthermore, Finnish asylum officials, and likely other
European and Western asylum officials, could also benefit from more training on
understanding how different cultures affect memory and communication, as well as how
experiencing traumatic situations influence behavior and memory.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
24
Here: The asylum system. This part of the study considers assumptions about
applicants’ abilities to understand the asylum system and to navigate through the asylum
procedures, as well as decision makers’ use of the benefit of the doubt-principle. As in one of
the examples of Assumptions about delay and disclosure, disclosing relevant information at a
late stage in an asylum process seems to be considered an indicator of untruthfulness. Thus, it
is important to ensure that applicants in an early stage of the process understand which aspects
of their reasons for seeking asylum need to be provided. Asylum seekers might find it
challenging to extract the most relevant aspects to their claim, since their statements are often
based on a testimony of large parts of their lives, with experiences and events that have taken
place throughout a longer period of time. One of the assumptions reflects an assumption that
asylum seekers would not claim to be on a tourist trip in a country if their real reason for
entering a country is a fear of persecution. In this case, the asylum seekers’ explanation that
they were afraid and did not know how to apply for asylum was not sufficient according to the
decision maker.
The guidelines for credibility assessments states that a delay in disclosure of central
information to an applicant’s claim may be used as an indicator of fabrication (UNHCR,
2013). Nevertheless, there could be several alternative explanations as to why applicants add
information at later stages in asylum processes. Firstly, memories are not recollected in a
structured way; some details might be omitted in one recollection but added in another
recollection of the same event (Cameron, 2010). Secondly, applicants may not have initially
disclosed important information due to experiences of trauma, guilt, shame, stigma, or out of
distress or nervosity (Gyulai, 2013; Granhag, Landström, & Nordin, 2017; Bögner et al.,
2007). Thirdly, it might even be that the applicant did not initially understand or take notice of
which information should have been provided. Mental health issues may also come into play.
PTSD, as well as other mental health concerns, disrupt executive functions (Dowd et al.,
2018; Fazel, Wheeler, & Danesh, 2005). Therefore, an applicant may not have the attentional
control needed to keep track of asylum seekers’ obligations, or which aspects of his claim has
not been disclosed yet (Dowd et al., 2019; UNHCR, 2013).
Finnish asylum officials held similar assumptions as those found in the studies by
Dowd and colleagues (2018) and Herlihy and colleagues (2010). As stated before, officials
should be provided with more information on how human memory works, and how mental
health issues may impact asylum processes. Similarly to the sub-category The ability to
disclose sensitive information, these assumptions should be carefully used when making

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
25
decisions about claims that are based on sensitive information, such as traumatic experiences,
sexual orientation, and religious beliefs.
Applying the principle of the benefit of the doubt is one of the distinctive features of
the asylum law, but it is certainly affected by assumptions about psychological factors as well.
In our sample, the benefit of the doubt was used sparsely. However, as the UNHCR handbook
(2013) also notes, decision makers might not always explicitly state in the written
determination when they use the principle. Thus, other sub-categories in our sample might
include statements where the benefit of the doubt-principle has been applied, but not clearly
referred to. The UNHCR has noted in interviews with legal practitioners that decision makers
often are uncertain of how to apply the benefit of the doubt, and therefore might only use the
principle in cases where they are not sure what to do (UNHCR, 2013). This might explain the
finding in our study that the benefit of the doubt seemed to be applied inconsistently
throughout the asylum cases. Nevertheless, the examples that were identified in our sample
were apt presentations of when the benefit of the doubt should have been given.
Strengths and Limitations
Research on actual asylum cases is critical when analyzing the quality of current
asylum procedures. Similar studies have used appealed asylum cases as their sample, which
might bias the literature in this area since they draw conclusions on only a part of all asylum
cases. A randomized sample of cases handled at a first-instance asylum authority, in this case,
the Finnish Immigration Service, gives a valuable and realistic overview of the current asylum
procedures. Day-to-day challenges that asylum officials face, such as limited resources of
time and issues that spring from co-operating with interpreters (see e.g., Kälin, 1986;
Pöllabauer, 2004; Colin & Morris, 1996) are featured in our sample. Furthermore, participants
are unaffected by factors such as social desirability, which is a frequent restriction in
experimental setups.
The sample consisted of asylum cases from 2017 and 2018, which we deemed not to
be affected by the migration crisis that took place in 2015 and 2016 in the European Union.
At this time the Finnish Immigration Service had to hire new employees at a rapid pace to be
able to keep up with the massive influx of asylum seekers, which might have resulted in
differences in employees’ knowledge and abilities, and consequently, differences in the
decision-making processes. We consider the sample from 2017 and 2018 to be a more reliable
representation of the current evaluation processes conducted by Finnish asylum officials.
The written determinations in asylum cases might not reflect the whole context of the

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
26
asylum processes. It is impossible to know whether or not applicants were truthful in their
statements, and therefore, the accuracy of the credibility assessments. Furthermore, alternative
explanations might have been considered during the evaluation process although not included
in the written determination letter. The asylum official who conducts the asylum hearings
with an applicant is usually not responsible for evaluating the case. This precure is in place to
minimize the possible effects of subjectivity. However, the decision-making official might
understand the received information and its context in a different way than the interviewing
official. Interpreters might also add distorting factors to the asylum process, which this study
could not control.
Similarly to the asylum officials, we might also have been affected by subjective
expectations. Neither of us two coders had legal training, and we developed our own
understandings of how credibility issues were presented in written determinations letters, and
how to identify assumptions in them. The overall format of the various determination letters
in our sample resembled each other, but each decision maker added their individual style of
writing to the presentation of credibility statements. In some cases, it was challenging to
understand to what extent the credibility statement affected a conclusion, and, to what extent
each conclusion affected the outcome of the evaluation process. Furthermore, we might have
added subjectivity to the analyses when assigning each credibility issue into a theme and subcategory, and when translating the excerpts presented in this study from Finnish to English.
Some of the sub-categories that we identified represented a negligible amount of all
assumptions found, which should be considered in the interpretation of the results. It remains
unclear how often decision makers use these categories of assumptions in reality. Our sample
of 56 cases is also too small to fully represent all asylum procedures conducted in Finland
today. Nevertheless, the results give insight into a rather unknown field of psychological
research, and therefore, we decided to include all sub-categories that were represented in the
sample.
Recommendations and Further Research
The evaluation processes conducted by the Finnish Immigration Service follow the
guidelines and principles for EU authorities fairly accurately. The number of assumptions that
are not in line with empirical research on human behaviour and memory, however, calls for
clearer and more evidence-based practice recommendations and further research into the
topic.
Firstly, granted asylum applications should address the outcomes of the credibility

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
27
assessments in the same way as rejected applications do in their written determination letters.
We acknowledge that there are variations in guidelines in different countries on this aspect;
for example, UK guidelines recommend including credibility findings in both accepted and
rejected cases, while the guidelines in the Netherlands state that credibility findings are
unnecessary in accepted cases (UNHCR, 2013). However, including credibility findings
regardless of the outcome of the case would make all asylum cases more coherent and
comparable with each other. Relevant references to guidelines, the legal framework, and/or
evidence-based literature should be included when officials substantiate their conclusions.
Furthermore, providing information on how each presented credibility issue has affected the
outcome would presumably aid both applicants and legal practitioners with understanding the
determination.
Secondly, asylum officials should be provided more knowledge on human behavior
and communication as well as the functioning of memory. Also, information about the impact
of traumatic experiences and mental health concerns should be addressed. Education aiming
to improve asylum officials’ intercultural communication abilities should be provided by
individual asylum authorities, and also the UNHCR. Guidelines and handbooks should also
focus on developing fairer evaluation processes for applicants who seek protection due to
their sexual orientation or religious beliefs.
Future research should focus on developing an even more thorough overview of
assumptions that asylum officials use in their decision-making processes, and how well these
correspond with the scientific literature. Interdisciplinary research with legal and medical
fields could provide knowledge on assumptions about other than psychological aspects.
Furthermore, it would be interesting to explore to what extent diverse credibility findings are
presented to asylum seekers before reaching a conclusion. Applicants are entitled to be
informed about which aspects of their testimony seem to lack credibility, and, to give their
explanation to these findings before asylum officials reach a conclusion. Currently, it is
unclear how well this is complied with in asylum procedures. Presumably, by giving
applicants opportunities to explain, misunderstandings between decision makers and
applicants could be prevented to a greater degree. If misunderstandings could be ruled out
earlier in asylum processes, the number of appeals against a first-instance decision would
presumably decrease, and ease higher instances’ volumes of work.
Conclusion
Evaluating the asylum seekers’ eligibility for international protection is arguably one

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
28
of the most complex legal matters today. The current study set out to explore assumptions
present in the evaluation processes in Finnish asylum cases, partly replicating two similar
previous studies, one by Herlihy and colleagues (2010) and another by Dowd and colleagues
(2018). We also compared how well the identified assumptions correspond with empirical
psychological knowledge. The results from ours as well as the two previously mentioned
studies show that officials struggle to conduct credibility assessments in practice, despite
handbooks and guidelines provided to aid these.
A crucial challenge to be addressed by asylum authorities and institutions (e.g., the
UNHCR) is to take into consideration the existing, and further develop the knowledge on how
individuals’ behavior, memory, and communication abilities differ due to, for example,
cultural aspects and mental health concerns, and how these aspects might affect the evaluation
processes in asylum cases. Another challenge for asylum authorities is to develop thorough
general structures for written determination letters, which would make them more transparent
and understandable to any reader. Time pressure and other restricted resources will inevitably
affect how thoroughly one determination letter can be written; however, credibility issues
should be addressed in both rejected and accepted asylum cases. By providing substantiation
to all decisions, the impact of possible misunderstandings, cognitive fallacies, and/or biases
could be decreased, which should be in the interest of all involved parties.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
29
Swedish Summary – Sammanfattning på svenska
Antaganden i fastställandet av flyktingstatus: En granskning av beslutsfattande i finska
asylfall
Enligt Förenta nationernas (FN) konvention från 1951 samt finländsk lag ska en
person beviljas asyl ifall hen ”vistas utanför sitt hemland eller sitt permanenta bosättningsland
till följd av att han eller hon känner välgrundad fruktan för förföljelse på grund av sitt
ursprung, sin religion, nationalitet eller tillhörighet till en viss samhällsgrupp eller på grund av
sin politiska uppfattning, och om han eller hon på grund av sin fruktan inte vill använda sig av
detta lands skydd.” (Utlänningslagen 2004/301 § 87). Trots denna teoretiskt sett tydliga
definition är det en komplex uppgift att identifiera vilka sökanden som är berättigade till
internationellt skydd (Herlihy et al., 2010; Noll, 2005; Rousseau et al., 2002).
Asylsökande anländer sällan till ett mottagande land med externa bevis som kunde
verifiera deras berättelser, som till exempel identitetsdokument, arresteringsorder eller
häktningsbevis (Gyulai, 2013; Kagan, 2002; Thomas, 2006; Goodman, 2013; Noll, 2005;
Herlihy och Turner, 2009; UNHCR, 2013). Därav behöver sökanden endast kunna bestyrka
sitt anspråk till en rimlig grad av sannolikhet, istället för bortom allt rimligt tvivel, som i
många andra rättsprocesser (t.ex. brotts- eller skattemål; van Veldhuizen, 2017; Thomas,
2006; FN:s flyktingkommissariat [UNHCR], 1998). På grund av det lägre kravet av
bestyrkande bevis måste asylhandläggare ofta basera sin slutsats på en bedömning av
asylanspråkets tillförlitlighet (Goodman, 2013; Kagan, 2003; Gyulai, 2013; Herlihy et al.,
2010; UNHCR 2013). Rådande bästa praxis för hur asylfall bedöms lämnar utrymme för
subjektiva tolkningar (Herlihy et al., 2010; Macklin, 1998; Coffey, 2003; Granhag,
Landström, & Nordin, 2017). Tillförlitlighetsbedömningen är därmed sårbar för antaganden
och förväntningar som beslutsfattare har om exempelvis mänskligt minne, beteende och
individers kommunikationsförmågor. Synliggörandet av dessa antaganden är viktigt, eftersom
integriteten av asylprocesser kan påverkas negativt ifall antaganden baseras på grunder som
saknar stöd i empirisk forskning. Detta är något denna studie strävar efter att göra.
Med avseende på minnesprocesser är det av yttersta vikt att asylhandläggare beaktar
att forskningen tyder på att den individuella variationen av beteenden och minnesprocesser är
så stor att det inte går att applicera en viss norm på alla individer (Cohen, 2001).
Beslutsfattare kan främst förvänta sig att en person kan komma ihåg de mest väsentliga
delarna av sina upplevelser, eftersom perifera detaljer ofta glöms bort, som till exempel
tidsinformation som datum och tider, samt namn eller vanligt förekommande objekt

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
30
(Cameron, 2010). Motstridigheter verkar även förekomma i alla individers återberättelser av
händelser, varav få och ändrade detaljer i en utsaga inte nödvändigtvis kan användas som
tecken på att någon ljuger (Vredeveldt, van Koppen och Granhag, 2014). Utöver detta
behöver asylhandläggare beakta att asylsökande ofta varit med om traumatiska upplevelser
och att de i högre grad lider av psykisk ohälsa än normalpopulationen, vilket har bevisats
påverka minnet (för forskning om trauma, se Herlihy och Turner, 2009; Herlihy et al., 2012;
Cohen, 2001; för forskning om psykisk ohälsa, se Cohen, 2001; Fazel, Wheeler och Danesh,
2005).
Antaganden om mänskligt beteende och kommunikationsförmågor verkar
påverkas av exempelvis kulturella faktorer, stereotypier och fördomar (Gyulai, 2013;
Granhag, Landström och Nordin, 2017). En individs kulturella bakgrund påverkar exempelvis
kommunikationsstil, konceptualisering av begrepp och tidsuppfattning, vilket i sin tur även
påverkar hur individen i fråga överlag kommunicerar och beter sig (Granhag, Landström och
Nordin, 2017). Därutöver kan maktobalanser även påverka hur information presenteras,
speciellt om asylsökanden kommer från en kultur där konsensus är att auktoriteter inte ska
ifrågasättas (Granhag, Landström och Nordin, 2017). Stereotypier och fördomar, som är starkt
bundna till sociokulturell uppfostran, har bevisats påverka beslutfattningsprocesserna (Gyulai,
2013). Asylhandläggare behöver vara medvetna om vilka förutfattade meningar de har om
specifika grupper av människor, eftersom dessa kan basera sig på ogrundade antaganden
(Gyulai, 2013).
Några tidigare studier har undersökt tillförlitlighetsbedömningar i asylfall. I en av
dessa studier utfördes en kvalitativ analys av brittiska migrationsdomares antaganden i 30
asylbeslut (Herlihy, Gleeson och Turner, 2010). Tre huvudteman med underkategorier
identifierades: antaganden om människors beteende i farosituationer eller efter att ha upplevt
trauma, antaganden om asylsökandes förmåga att förstå asylsystemet och kunna navigera
genom asylprocesserna samt antaganden om kännetecknande faktorer för sanningsenliga
berättelser. Beslutsfattare använde sig av dessa antaganden när de underbyggde sina beslut i
tillförlitlighetsbedömningen. Forskarna avslutar med att uttrycka ett behov av
tvärvetenskaplig forskning för att få en tydligare bild av, för det första, hur ofta ogrundade
antaganden förekommer inom asylförfarandet och, för det andra, hur väl dessa stämmer
överens med evidensbaserad kunskap.
En interdisciplinär grupp av australienska forskare i psykologi och juridik strävade år

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
31
2018 efter att replikera och vidareutveckla Herlihy och kollegers (2010) studie (Dowd et al.,
2018). I denna studie identifierades antaganden i 50 offentligt tillgängliga asylfall som
överklagats till den australienska flyktingdomstolen år 2015, för att kunna bedöma hur ofta
ogrundade antaganden användes i asylhandläggares beslutfattningsprocesser. De identifierade
antagandena reflekterade exempelvis hur en sökande med ett genuint behov av skydd beter sig
och hur denna presenterar sin berättelse, vad genuina hot karaktäriseras av, hur statliga och
icke-statliga aktörer beter sig mot sina medlemmar och mot personer utanför sin grupp, samt
hur asylsökande och deras familjer beter sig. Resultaten tydde på att beslutsfattarna använde
sig inkonsekvent av olika närmandesätt i sina bedömningar av tillförlitlighet. Antagandena
stred även delvis mot resultat från empirisk forskning. Forskarna hävdar att beslutsfattare
inom asylprocesser borde sträva efter mer förutsägbarhet och enhetlighet i sina
bedömningsprocesser.
Syfte
Eftersom riktlinjerna för bedömning av tillförlitlighet lämnar utrymme för subjektiv
tolkning, vore det viktigt att analysera hurdana antaganden beslutsfattare använder sig av för
att bestyrka sina slutsatser och hur väl dessa stämmer överens med psykologisk kunskap.
Denna studie strävade efter att göra detta genom att analysera officiella asylfall från
Migrationsverket i Finland. Dowd och kollegers (2018) studie replikerades till en viss grad
genom att samma metodologi och tematiska analys användes.
Metod
Studien erhöll etiskt tillstånd från den forskningsetiska nämnden vid fakulteten för
humaniora, psykologi och teologi vid Åbo Akademi. Samplet bestod av 200 officiella asylfall
från 2017 och 2018 som erhölls av migrationsverket i Finland. Av dessa inkluderades endast
fall som explicit nämnde något om sökandens tillförlitlighet i asylbeslutet. Det slutliga
samplet bestod av 56 asylfall med en fördelning av 83,9 % nekade, 1,8 % beviljade asylbeslut
och 14,2 % fall som getts någon annan form av uppehållstillstånd, antingen alternativt skydd
eller uppehållstillstånd på andra grunder.
Kodningsprocessen började med att den första kodaren (VS) definierade
kodningsprinciper baserat på Dowd och kollegers (2018) tematiska analys. Till näst
identifierades alla antaganden i samplet, varefter de omskrevs i en datafil och till sist
tilldelades ett tema och en underkategori. En analys av interbedömarreliabilitet gjordes med
en annan kodare (JS), där VS och JS kodade individuellt 20 % av samplet (n = 11). Resultatet
av analysen nådde en liknande nivå av interbedömarreliabilitet som Herlihy och kolleger

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
32
(2010). Till sist omdöptes och justerades Dowd och kollegers (2018) teman och
underkategorier för att vara lämpligare för det ifrågavarandet samplet.
Resultat
Sammanlagt upptäcktes 449 påståenden och slutsatser kring tillförlitlighetsaspekter,
där de enskilda asylbesluten kunde innehålla allt mellan 1‒22 påståenden om tillförlitlighet.
Slutsatser om att sökandens påståenden inte var tillförlitliga förekom mest (72,4 %), och de
slutsatser om positiv tillförlitlighet som fanns förekom endast i tre underkategorier:
följdriktighet, detaljrikedom och specificitet och principen om att hellre fria än att fälla.
Generellt hade asylsökandena inte bestyrkande bevis till sina anspråk (70,4 %), men ungefär
hälften (48,3 %) av de påståendena som ansågs vara tillförlitliga hade bestyrkande bevis. De
slutliga temana och underkategorierna var följande:
1. Nu: sökanden som ett sanningsenligt vittne
•

detaljrikedom och specificitet

•

följdriktighet

•

förmåga att avslöja känslig information

•

ett antagandes påverkan på hela anspråket

2. Där: utsagans rimlighet
•

antaganden om statliga och icke-statliga aktörers rationella beteenden

•

antaganden om asylsökandens rationella beteenden

•

antaganden om andra aktörers rationella beteenden

•

hotet anses inte vara personligt

•

hotet anses inte vara varaktigt

3. Här: asylsystemet
•

antaganden om uppskjutning av avslöjanden

•

principen om att hellre fria än att fälla (eng. the benefit of the doubt)

Det första huvudtemat innehöll antaganden om hur asylanspråk presenteras under
asylprocesserna. Antaganden tillhörande de två första underkategorierna förekom mest av alla
i samplet, eftersom antaganden om följdriktighet utgjorde 30,7 % och antaganden om
detaljrikedom och specificitet 22,7 % av samplet. Kategorin följdriktighet reflekterade
asylhandläggares förväntningar på att asylsökandes utsagor är följdriktiga genom hela
asylprocessen, såväl inom den egna utsagan som med andra personers utsagor och externt
tillhandahållen information, som till exempel landinformation. I ett fall där sökandena var
man och hustru ansågs tillförlitligheten försämras för att mannen sagt att han varit inne i sin

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
33
kaféteria när en attack ägt rum, medan kvinnan sagt att han varit utanför. Kategorin
detaljrikedom och specificitet reflekterade beslutsfattares förväntningar på hur en asylsökande
skulle presentera sitt asylanspråk. Odetaljerade eller vaga berättelser kunde bedömas som
otillförlitliga, speciellt i situationer där sökanden hade blivit ombedd att berätta mer om
händelser men inte gjort det.
Kategorin förmåga om att avslöja känslig information utgjorde 2,0 % av samplet, och
reflekterade beslutsfattares förväntningar om att asylsökande är både kapabla och villiga till
att dela med sig av personlig information om, exempelvis, traumatiska upplevelser, personliga
relationer, sexuell läggning eller religiös tro. I ett fall ansågs sökandens trovärdighet
försämras för att hen inte kunnat presentera subjektiva tankar och känslor kopplat till sitt
beslut om att omvända sig till kristendomen. Den sista kategorin i detta huvudtema, ett
antagandes påverkan på hela anspråket utgjorde 2,2% av samplet. Kategorin reflekterade
beslutsfattares antaganden om att något som en asylsökande sagt eller gjort kunde påverka
den allmänna tillförlitligheten av sökandens anspråk, alternativt, att ett påstående som
bedömts otillförlitligt kunde påverka andra påståendens tillförlitlighet negativt. I ett fall
accepterade beslutsfattaren inte att sökanden var genuint hotad av en extremistgrupp, eftersom
sökandens trovärdighet generellt försämrats av att han gett felaktig information om sitt
hemområde.
Det andra huvudtemat handlade om asylsökandens tillförlitlighet med avseende på hur
rimligt ett asylanspråk verkade vara ur en beslutsfattarens synvinkel. I 5,1 % av samplet
förekom antaganden om statliga och icke-statliga aktörers, exempelvis paramilitära gruppers,
beteenden. Exempelvis förväntades det att en paramilitär grupp inte borde vara intresserad av
individer som är väldigt unga, och/eller inte besitter specifik kunskap som krävs i beväpnade
grupper. Vidare bestod 3,8 % av samplet av antaganden om asylsökandens beteenden. I ett
fall ansågs det att en kvinnlig sökande inte kunde ha varit medvetslös medan hon blev
våldtagen, bara för att vakna upp då våldtäktsmannen sade sitt namn till henne. Därutöver
bestod 1,6 % av samplet av antaganden om familjemedlemmars, släktingars och andra
bekantas beteenden. Exempelvis antogs det att dokument med mycket grammatiska fel inte
kunde komma från en rättsbyrå, och att en välkänd jurists stab inte endast kunde utgöras av en
oerfaren arbetstagare.
Kategorin hotet anses inte vara personligt utgjorde 22,5 % av samplet, och hotet anses
inte vara varaktigt av 4,2 %. Dessa innehöll antaganden om vad reella hot karaktäriseras av,
och vilka tidsramar dessa hot har för att vara varaktiga. Exempelvis kunde beslutsfattare anse

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
34
att ett hot inte var personligt om det verkade vara mer riktat mot det allmänna säkerhetsläget i
ett land, samt att ett hot inte var varaktigt längre om en sökande inte blivit hotad på ett och ett
halvt år.
Det sista huvudtemat handlade om vad asylsökande borde veta om asylprocesser, och
hur de borde kunna navigera genom de olika stadierna av dessa processer. Exempelvis
förväntades det att en asylsökande förstår hur och när en asylansökan görs, och att sökanden
vet vilken information som ska presenteras under processen. Underkategorin antaganden om
uppskjutning av avslöjanden bestod av 2,7 % av samplet, och handlade om att asylsökande
förväntades söka asyl och avslöja all relevant information för sina asylanspråk direkt då det är
möjligt. Underkategorin principen om att hellre fria än att fälla bestod av de återstående 1,8
% av samplet. Denna baserade sig på en av de distinkta principerna för asylprocesser, där
asylsökandes berättelser hellre ska accepteras än avvisas om de innehåller oklarheter, förutsatt
att sökanden försökt sitt bästa med att presentera ett tillförlitligt asylanspråk. Ett exempel av
användandet av denna princip var att en beslutsfattare bestämde sig för att tro på en kvinnlig
asylsökandes berättelse om en våldtäkt trots att berättelsen var odetaljerad, eftersom kvinnan
ändå kunnat berätta om denna traumatiska händelse på ett sammanhängande sätt.
Diskussion
Denna studie byggde på två tidigare studier som analyserat asylhandläggares
antaganden i deras beslutfattningsprocesser (Herlihy et al., 2010; Dowd et al., 2018).
Resultaten ur studien motsvarar de tidigare två studierna, med undantag för några skillnader.
En viktig skillnad var att inga antaganden som reflekterade asylsökandens uppförande
identifierades i vårt sampel. Detta tyder på att bedömningar av tillförlitlighet inte baserades på
eller motiverades av asylsökandens uppförande i intervjusituationer, vilket är förenligt med de
nuvarande rekommendationerna som påminner beslutsfattare om att den individuella
normalvariationen i uppförande är stor och därmed inte användbar som en indikator för
lögnaktighet (Kagan, 2003; UNHCR, 2013; Dowd et al., 2018).
De teman och underkategorier som identifierades reflekterade finska asylhandläggares
antaganden om normativt mänskligt beteende både i individers hemländer och i asylprocesser,
och vad som karaktäriserar normativa minnesfunktioner och sanningsenliga utsagor. Finska
asylhandläggare verkade delvis vara medvetna om hur variationer i minne och kulturella
faktorer kan försvåra tillförlitlighetsbedömningen. Handläggarna verkade ändå använda sig av
antaganden som saknade empiriskt stöd. I slutsatser som behandlade en brist på detaljer,
specificitet eller följdriktighet fattades det ofta överväganden av alternativa förklaringar i

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
35
asylbesluten, vilket indikerar att alternativ möjligtvis inte tagits i beaktande innan formandet
av en slutsats. Alternativa förklaringar skulle exempelvis ha kunnat basera sig på en
beslutsfattares beaktande av eventuell påverkan av kulturella och individuella variationer i
kommunikationsstilar och vokabulärer, traumatiska upplevelser, psykiska störningar, eller
andra individuella omständigheter som upplevelse av skam eller stigma. Genom att ge en
större inblick i vilka aspekter som beaktats i beslutsfattandet, skulle asylbesluten bli mer
transparenta. Detta gäller speciellt beslut där tillförlitlighetsbedömningen baserat sig på en
asylsökandes sexuella läggning eller religiösa tro, eftersom dessa har funnits vara svåra
aspekter att bedöma i asylkontexterna (UNHCR, 2012; Heller, 2009).
Med avseende på bedömningen av vad som är ett rationellt, normativt beteende i
hotande eller traumatiska omständigheter vore det viktigt att beslutsfattare tar i beaktande sina
eventuella underliggande kognitiva felslut, stereotypier och fördomar i
slutledningsprocesserna. Psykologisk forskning borde även beaktas. Exempelvis tyder
forskningsresultat på att det inte finns något typiskt ”offerbeteende” hos människor (Steimer,
2002), vilket tyder på att det är ytterst utmanande att avgöra rimligheten i en individs
beteende i farosituationer och trauma. Utöver detta borde asylhandläggare vara försiktiga med
att inte automatiskt prioritera landinformation som erhålls av UNHCR över asylsökandenas
påståenden, eftersom landinformationen inte kan ta i beaktande den stora variationen av
individuella omständigheter som påverkar asylsökandens situation. Det globala asylsystemet
borde överlag utveckla principerna för hur man bedömer rimlighet i asylsökandes utsagor.
Finländska, och förmodligen även andra västerländska, asylhandläggare kunde dock även dra
nytta av mer utbildning i att förstå hur olika kulturer påverkar minne och kommunikation,
samt hur trauma kan påverka beteende och minne.
Slutligen borde lagen och riktlinjerna för användandet av principen om att hellre fria
än att fälla asylsökandes utsaga om den saknar bestyrkande bevis (eng. the principle of the
benefit of the doubt) tydligare klargöra i vilka situationer principen kunde användas och hur
den ska refereras till i asylbeslut. UNHCR har noterat i sin handbok (2013) att
asylhandläggare inte nödvändigtvis alltid nämner i asylbesluten när de använt sig av
principen. Därmed kunde de få exemplen av principen i vårt sampel bero på att de tillämpats i
bakgrunden av bedömningen men inte refererats till i asylbesluten.
Denna studies sampel av officiella asylbeslut erbjuder värdefull information till
forskningen inom asylkontexten, eftersom den reflekterar verklighetstroget de utmaningar
som asylhandläggare behöver ta sig an i sin vardag. En nackdel av användandet av skriftliga

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
36
asylbeslut var att de eventuellt inte ger en fullständig bild av de kontextuella
omständigheterna i asylfallen. Asylhandläggare kan ha beaktat ett flertal olika faktorer i sina
bedömningsprocesser även om det inte har inkluderats i det skriftliga asylbeslutet. Att koda
samplet var även utmanande för denna studies forskare VS och JS, eftersom formateringen av
asylbesluten varierade beroende på de individuella asylhandläggarnas sätt att framföra sina
slutsatser. Därmed kan missuppfattningar ha skett då antaganden identifierats och tilldelats till
olika teman och kategorier.
Samplet på 56 asylfall motsvarar inte alla asylprocesser som genomförs i Finland i
dagens läge. Dessutom motsvarade en del av de identifierade underkategorierna en försumbar
del av hela samplet, vilket ska beaktas i tolkningen av resultaten. Inkluderandet av även små
underkategorier motiverades med att även dessa ger en viktig inblick i ett ännu okänt
psykologiskt forskningsområde. Framtida forskning kunde fortsätta att analysera antaganden i
asylhandläggares beslutfattande samt att jämföra dessa med vetenskaplig litteratur, för att
skapa en mer omfattande översikt över hur vanligt förekommande dessa är i olika länders
asylprocesser.
Bedömningen av asylsökandes anspråk är enligt mångas förmenande en av de mest
komplexa rättsfrågorna i dagens samhälle. Denna studies, liksom de två tidigare studiernas,
resultat tyder på att asylhandläggare finner det utmanande att bedöma tillförlitlighet i
praktiken, trots handböcker och riktlinjer för hur dessa ska göras. Finska asylhandläggare
verkar emellanåt använda sig av antaganden i sitt beslutsfattande som inte är förenliga med
psykologisk litteratur. Därmed skulle det vara av yttersta vikt att asylmyndigheter samt
institutioner som UNHCR skulle ta i beaktande den nuvarande kunskapsnivån på fältet, och
sedan vidareutveckla den med avseende på hur individers beteende, minne och
kommunikationsförmågor påverkar asylprocesser. Det skulle även vara viktigt att generella,
omfattande riktlinjer för strukturen av asylbeslut skulle utarbetas, så att besluten kunde bli
mer transparenta och förståeliga. I detta sampel nämndes tillförlitlighet sällan i accepterade
asylbeslut, vilket försvårar jämförandet av accepterade beslut med nekade beslut. Relevanta
referenser exempelvis från riktlinjer, regelverk och empirisk forskning borde alltid inkluderas
för att bestyrka asylhandläggares slutsatser. Tids- och andra resursbrister påverkar
ofrånkomligen hur omfattande asylbesluten kan vara, men oavsett detta borde
tillförlitlighetsaspekter nämnas i både nekade och accepterade asylbeslut. Genom att
underbygga alla beslut kan möjliga missförstånd och kognitiva felslut minskas, vilket torde
vara i alla involverade parters intresse.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
37
References
Bartlett, F. C. (1932). Remembering: A study in experimental and social
psychology. Cambridge University Press.
Brewin, C. (2011). The Nature and Significance of Memory Disturbance in Posttraumatic
Stress Disorder. Annual review of clinical psychology, 7, 203–227.
doi:10.1146/annurev-clinpsy-032210-104544
Budson, A. E., & Price, B. H. (2005). Memory Dysfunction. The New England Journal of
Medicine, 352(7), 692–699. doi:10.1056/NEJMra041071
Bögner, D., Herlihy, J., Brewin C. (2007). Impact of Sexual Violence on Disclosure During
Home Office Interviews. The British Journal of Psychiatry: The Journal of Mental
Science, 191, 75–81. doi:10.1192/bjp.bp.106.030262
Cameron, H. (2010). Refugee Status Determinations and the Limits of Memory. International
Journal of Refugee Law, 22(4), 469–511. doi:10.1093/ijrl/eeq041
Chaudhary, J. (2010). Memory and its Implications for Asylum Decisions. Journal of Health
& Biomedical Law, 6, 37–63. Retrieved from
https://heinonline.org/HOL/LandingPage?handle=hein.journals/jhbio6&div=6&id=&p
age=
Cohen, J. (2001). Questions of Credibility: Omissions, Discrepancies, and Errors of Recall in
the Testimony of Asylum-seekers. International Journal of Refugee Law, 13(3), 293–
309. doi:10.1093/ijrl/13.3.293
Colin, J., & Morris, R. (1996). Interpreters and the Legal Process. Winchester, UK:
Waterside Press.
Conway, M., Holmes, E. (2008). Memory and the Law: Recommendations from the Scientific
Study of Human Memory. Leicester: The British Psychological Society Press.
Retrieved from https://www.bondsolon.com/media/12410/bpsmemorylaw.pdf
Dowd, R., Hunter, J., Liddell, B., McAdam, J., Nickerson, A., Bryant, R. (2018). Filling Gaps
and Verifying Facts: Assumptions and Credibility Assessment in the Australian
Refugee Review Tribunal. International Journal of Refugee Law, 30(1), 71–103,
doi:10.1093/ijrl/eey017
Fazel, M., Wheeler, J., & Danesh, J. (2005). Prevalence of Serious Mental Disorder in 7000
Refugees Resettled in Western Countries: a Systematic Review. Lancet (London,
England), 365(9467), 1309–1314. doi:10.1016/S0140-6736(05)61027-6
Fox, C. (1997). The Authenticity of Intercultural Communication. International Journal of

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
38
Intercultural Relations, 21(1), 85–103. doi:10.1016/S0147-1767(96)00012-0
Goodman, S. R. (2013). Asking for Too Much: The Role of Corroborating Evidence in
Asylum Proceedings in the United States and United Kingdom. Fordham
International Law Journal, 36(6), 1733–1766. Retrieved from
https://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2640&context=ilj
Graham, B., Herlihy, J., Brewin, C. (2014). Overgeneral memory in asylum-seekers and
refugees. Journal of Behavior Therapy and Experimental Psychiatry, 45, 375–380.
doi:10.1016/j.jbtep.2014.03.0010005-7916/
Granhag, P. A., Landström, S., & Nordin, A. (2017). Värdering av muntliga utsagor.
Göteborg, SE: Billes AB.
Granhag, P. A., Strömwall, L. A., & Hartwig, M. (2005). Granting Asylum or Not? Migration
Board Personnels’ Beliefs About Deception. Journal of Ethnic and Migration
Studies, 31(1), 29–50. doi:10.1080/1369183042000305672
Heller, P. (2009). Challenges Facing LGBT Asylum-seekers: The Role of Social Work in
Correcting Oppressive Immigration Processes. Journal of Gay & Lesbian Social
Services, 21(2–3), 294–308. doi:10.1080/10538720902772246
Herlihy, J., Gleeson, K., & Turner, S. (2010). What Assumptions About Human Behaviour
Underlie Asylum Judgments? International Journal of Refugee Law, 22(3), 351–
366. doi:10.1093/ijrl/eeq027
Herlihy, J., Jobson, L., & Turner, S. (2012). Just Tell Us What Happened to You:
Autobiographical Memory and Seeking Asylum. Applied Cognitive Psychology, 26(5),
661–676. doi:10.1002/acp.2852
Herlihy, J., Scragg, P., & Turner, S. (2002). Discrepancies in Autobiographical Memories—
Implications for the Assessment of Asylum-seekers: Repeated Interviews Study. BMJ:
British Medical Journal, 324(7333), 324–327. doi:10.1136/bmj.324.7333.324
Herlihy, J., & Turner, S. (2006). Should Discrepant Accounts Given by Asylum-seekers be
taken as Proof of Deceit?. Torture: Quarterly Journal on Rehabilitation of Torture
Victims and Prevention of Torture, 16(2), 81–92. Retrieved from
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17251640
Herlihy, J., & Turner, S. (2007). Memory and Seeking Asylum. European Journal of
Psychotherapy and Counselling, 9(3), 267–276. doi:10.1080/13642530701496872
Kagan, M. (2003). Is Truth in the Eye of the Beholder? Objective Credibility Assessment in
Refugee Status Determination. Georgetown Immigration Law Journal, 17, 367–415.

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
39
Kälin, W. (1986). Troubled Communication: Cross-Cultural Misunderstandings in the
Asylum-Hearing. International Migration Review, 20(2), 230–241. Retrieved from
http://www.jstor.org/stable/2546033
Melton, A. W. (1963). Implications of Short-Term Memory for a General Theory of Memory.
Journal of Verbal Learning and Verbal Behavior, 2, 1–21.
Morgan, C. A., 3rd, Hazlett, G., Doran, A., Garrett, S., Hoyt, G., Thomas, P., Baranoski, M.,
& Southwick, S. M. (2004). Accuracy of Eyewitness Memory for Persons
Encountered During Exposure to Highly Intense Stress. International Journal of Law
and Psychiatry, 27(3), 265–279. doi:10.1016/j.ijlp.2004.03.004
Noll, G. (2005). Evidentiary Assessment in Refugee Status Determination and the EU
Qualification Directive. European Public Law, 12(2), 295–317.
Pöllabauer, S. (2004). Interpreting in Asylum Hearings: Issues of Role, Responsibility and
Power. Interpreting, 6(2), 143–180. doi:10.1075/intp.6.2.03pol
Rousseau, C., Crépeau, F., Foxen, P., Houle, F. (2002). The Complexity of Determining
Refugeehood: A Multidisciplinary Analysis of the Decision-Making Process of the
Canadian Immigration and Refugee Board. Journal of Refugee Studies, 15(1), 43–70.
Skrifvars, J., Korkman, J., Sui, V., van Veldhuizen, T., Antfolk, J. (2020). An analysis of
question style and type in official Finnish asylum interview transcripts. Journal of
Investigative Psychology and Offender Profiling, 17(3), 1–16. doi:10.1002/jip.1557
Smith-Khan, L. (2017). Different in the Same Way? Language, Diversity, and Refugee
Credibility. International Journal of Refugee Law, 29(3), 389–416.
doi:10.1093/ijrl/eex038
Southwick, S. M., Morgan, C. A., Nicolaou, A. L., & Charney, D. S. (1997). Consistency of
memory for combat-related traumatic events in veterans of Operation Desert
Storm. American Journal of Psychiatry, 154(2), 173–177.
Steimer T. (2002). The Biology of Fear- and Anxiety-related Behaviors. Dialogues in Clinical
Neuroscience, 4(3), 231–249.
Thomas, R. (2006). Assessing the Credibility of Asylum Claims: EU and UK Approaches
Examined. European Journal of Migration and Law, 8(1), 79–96.
doi:10.1163/157181606776911969
United Nations. (1951). The 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees. Geneva:
United Nations.
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. (2011). Handbook and Guidelines on

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
40
Procedures and Criteria for Determining Refugee Status under the 1951 Convention
and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees. Geneva: United Nations
High Commissioner for Refugees.
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. (2012). Guidelines on International
Protection No. 9: Claims to Refugee Status based on Sexual Orientation and/or
Gender Identity within the context of Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its
1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees. Retrieved from:
https://www.unhcr.org/509136ca9.pdf
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. (2013). Beyond Proof, Credibility
Assessment in EU Asylum Systems. Brussels: United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees.
Utlänningslagen 2004/301. Retrieved from:
https://www.finlex.fi/sv/laki/ajantasa/2004/20040301#L6P87
van Veldhuizen, T. S. (2017). Where I Come from and How I got Here: Assessing Credibility
in Asylum Cases. Enschede: Gildeprint Drukkerijen. doi:10.26481/dis.20170922tsv
Vredeveldt, A., van Koppen, P. J., & Granhag, P. A. (2014). The Inconsistent Suspect: A
Systematic Review of Different Types of Consistency in Truth Tellers and Liars.
In Investigative interviewing (pp. 183–207). Springer, New York, NY.
doi:10.1007/978-1-4614-9642-7_10

ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENTS
41
PRESSMEDDELANDE
Finska asylhandläggare använder sig av delvis ogrundade antaganden i sina
bedömningsprocesser
Pro gradu-avhandling i psykologi
Fakulteten för humaniora, psykologi och teologi vid Åbo Akademi
Resultaten från en pro gradu-avhandling vid Åbo Akademi tyder på att asylhandläggare
använder sig av antaganden i sina bedömningsprocesser som inte funnit stöd i psykologisk
litteratur kring, exempelvis, mänskligt beteende och minnesfunktioner. Studien undersökte
vilka sorters antaganden asylhandläggare använder sig av i sitt beslutsfattande, samt hur väl
dessa antaganden stämmer överens med kunskap härlett från psykologi. Resultaten visar att
asylhandläggare använder sig av delvis felaktiga förväntningar på hur individer i allmänhet,
men även specifikt asylsökande, borde bete sig i olika situationer, samt vilka indikatorer som
kan användas för att skilja mellan uppriktiga och lögnaktiga asylanspråk.
Avhandlingen av Veronica Sui utfördes under handledning av docent i rättspsykologi Julia
Korkman, postdoktoral forskare Jan Antfolk, och doktorand Jenny Skrifvars. Datat för studien
bestod av 56 äkta asylfall som tillhandahölls av Migrationsverket. Asylsökande anländer
oftast till ett mottagande land med endast sin berättelse som bestyrkning för sitt behov av
internationellt skydd. Beslutsfattare i asylprocesserna står inför en ytterst komplex uppgift då
de utgående från dessa premisser måste avgöra vilka asylberättelser som är tillräckligt
tillförlitliga för att accepteras. Lagstiftningen kräver att asylprocesser bedöms objektivt och
opartiskt, men trots detta verkar processerna påverkas av asylhandläggares subjektiva åsikter,
som exempelvis stereotypier och fördomar.
Resultaten tyder på att asylhandläggare vid Migrationsverket, liksom handläggare vid andra
asylmyndigheter, behöver mer kunskap kring faktorer som kan påverka en asylsökandes
förmåga till att presentera sitt asylanspråk på ett ”korrekt” sätt. Speciellt fokus borde ligga på
att erbjuda asylhandläggare mer utbildning i hur människans minne och beteende påverkas av
traumatiska upplevelser och psykisk ohälsa. Asylhandläggare kunde även erbjudas utbildning
som strävar efter att förstärka interkulturella kommunikationsförmågor, eftersom asylsökande
oftast kommer från en annan kulturell bakgrund än asylhandläggarna. Studien bygger vidare
på två tidigare studier inom samma ämne, och utvidgar generaliserbarheten för resultaten till
såväl finska, brittiska som australienska asylkontexter.
Ytterligare information fås av:
Veronica Sui
Psykologi/Åbo Akademi
veronica.sui@abo.fi

