From Artisan Work to Automatization
Innovation in the Finnish Maritime Cluster

Master Thesis
Organisation and Management
Alexander West – 36698
Supervisor: ED Nina Kivinen
Fakulteten för samhällsvetenskaper och ekonomi
Hadelshögskolan vid Åbo Akademi
2020

Åbo Akademi Business School – The faculty of business, economics
and political science
Abstract for master’s thesis

Subject: Organisation and Leadership
Author: Alexander West
Headline: From Artisan Work to Automatization - Innovation in the Finnish Maritime
Cluster
Supervisor: Nina Kivinen
Innovation is a concept that has received much recognition in the last few years and
many authors have studied innovation to explain the fast development in different
fields. Today innovation is seen as a key success factor for economic growth both
within companies and in larger entities, such as clusters. Innovation as a concept has
received a large amount of traction and there are almost as many definitions of the term
as there are authors who are writing about the subject.
I have chosen three main innovation theories by Alf Rehn, Everett Rogers, and Robert
Cooper and I have discussed the concept from many other points of views as well.
Cluster theory has also been in focus for this thesis as I am asking the question whether
the Finnish maritime field can be perceived as a cluster or not.
In my thesis I will explain the difference between radical and incremental innovations
and look at different models of how companies and organisations within the clusters
innovate and structure their innovation processes. Since people often perceive
innovation as something radical and pioneering, I have chosen to discuss the concept of
both radical and incremental innovation. In many cases, less grand development
processes are often forgotten when we think of innovation. In my thesis I also want to
capture the importance of development processes and incremental innovation both
within organisation and the maritime cluster.
There have been earlier quantitative studies focusing on innovation within the Finnish
maritime cluster. However, these studies discussed whether a qualitive study can give
another perspective on innovation in the maritime cluster and therefore this thesis also
has some importance to the field. The data I have collected and used in my thesis
consist of ten interviews with people working in different positions and organisations
within the Finnish maritime cluster. My interviews have been conducted in a semistructured manner and as they range from a minimum of forty minutes to nearly two
hours, they can be considered in-depth interviews. The Empirical data for my thesis was
collected during the fall 2017 and spring 2018. I have interpreted the data from my
interviews and re-told it as stories so the reader can get a better understanding of my
interviewee’s role and situation within their organisations and the cluster. I also believe
that the stories provide a connection to the narrative for the reader and that they support
the thematic analysis on the whole.

In my analysis I found out that innovation was proven to occur in all organisations
which I studied, in some more incremental whilst in other more radical. Innovation
processes existed in all the organisations of my study, however, they sometimes proved
to be less formal in some. More technical and manufacturing organisations on the other
hand tend to have more elaborate processes and a larger focus on research and
development. Incremental innovation also occurred frequently in all the organisations I
studied, often as a result of solving an existing problem.
What most of my informants had in common however, was that they often did not want
to use the term “innovation” for development processes and incremental innovation as
they tend to see it more as problem solving. What I noticed during my interviews was
that many perceived the word “innovation” as something very grand and refined and
therefore did not know how to speak of it directly at first.
When looking at the Finnish maritime industry from a cluster perspective I found out
that many of the traditional characteristics were to be found and that we can refer to it as
a hi-tech cluster. The people who took part in my studies all agreed that they had taken
part in inter-organisational projects, collaborations or events and they all had some
contact to either other organisations or the government. Some of my informants also
said that one of the key-success factors to the cluster is the general hi-tech industry in
Finland which the maritime cluster also benefits from. To conclude, through my
research I found that innovation often was a result of change in the market or within the
cluster and that many organisations adapt by innovating to find solutions to solve
problems. Radical innovations also occur and according to my research they are often
based on either reducing the environmental impact or creating more efficient solutions
than what have been priorly in use. As my study consisted of only ten interviews, I do
think that a deeper analysis would be needed to draw more definite conclusions.

Keywords: Finnish Maritime Cluster, Innovation, Innovation process, Thematic
Analysis
Date: 13th of May 2020

Pages: 105 (138)

Table of Content
Introduction .................................................................................................................... 1
A brief introduction to maritime history
History of Innovation
Purpose of the thesis .................................................................................................... 10
Outline ........................................................................................................................... 11
Innovation and Clusters ............................................................................................. 12
Innovation ..................................................................................................................... 12
Incremental and Radical Innovations
The Innovation Process
Time and Innovation
Managing Innovation
Innovation as a cyclic model
Summary
Clusters ......................................................................................................................... 30
Clusters and Innovation
Earlier studies on maritime clusters

My Study ........................................................................................................................ 38
Choice of Methodology
Why the maritime cluster?
Collection of Data
Thematic Analysis
Stories of people within the maritime cluster
Strengths and Weaknesses
Ethical aspects of the study
List of informants
Stories of people within the maritime cluster……………………………………….50
Interview 1 – Nick
Interview 2 – Sam
Interview 3 – Anton
Interview 4 – Peter
Interview 5 – Carl
Interview 6 – Matt
Interview 7 – Jonathan
Interview 8 – Daniel

Interview 9 – Steve
Interview 10 – Tom
Thematic Analysis…………………………………………………………………75
Show me exactly what you see, and I will tell you exactly what it means
Tradition vs. new thinking in the cluster
Linear, Cyclic or Non-defined?
Innovation audiences and customer
The Finnish Maritime Cluster
Discussion and Conclusions…………………………………………………………102
References
Attachments
Swedish Summary

INTRODUCTION
If someone says the words “marine industry”, what is the first thing you think of? I
personally think about ships and I assume that is the case for many others as well. The
maritime industry is much more complex and consists of more than just the obvious that
comes to mind, such as docks, shipbuilders, and shipping companies.
Michael Porter (1998, p. 78) defines a cluster as “a geographically proximate group of
inter-connected companies and associated institutions”. In other words, a cluster is a
network of organisations and companies working in connected fields in a specific
geographical area.
In the case of the Finnish maritime cluster it consists of six major fields: Freight, Cruise
Transport, Freight and Ro-Ro Traffic, Oil and Gas Production (offshore), Renewable
Energy (offshore) and Government and other public demands (Työ- ja
elinkeinoministeriö, 2016). All these fields consist of five sub-sectors: service- &
system-design, component production, operations, services related to operation and
selling/delivery of the end-product. These sub-groups are connected and form a field
and as the different fields connect, they add up to a cluster (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö,
2016). In total, the Finnish maritime cluster consists of around 3200 companies with an
annual revenue of approximately 12 billion euros which makes it a major contributor to
the Finnish economy (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016).
The business environment for the cluster has been going through change over the last 20
years as new technology and regulations have brought threats and opportunities for the
cluster. Increasing communication systems in the 1990’s made the world “smaller” and
Asian competition on the European market increased. The golden years of European
shipbuilding are now behind us and in 2011 86 % of all private ships built were built in
Asia (Rakennemuutostoimisto, 2012). However, the key competitive factor of European
and Finnish shipbuilding companies came to be cruise shipbuilding as it requires a
complex value-chain which many Asian competitors are still lacking.
The Finnish cruise industry is currently flourishing as the Meyer Turku shipyard has
received enough orders for the near future and therefore all companies related to the
cruise-segment in the Finnish maritime cluster are currently showing growth. However,

1

Alexander West

other parts of the maritime cluster in Finland are currently struggling as the number of
working-ships produced in Finland has declined (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016).
The reason I have chosen to focus on the Finnish maritime cluster is because it is a
sector many speak of as traditional even though it is innovative in many aspects. The
industry is sensitive to economic cycles and therefore it must be highly adaptive. Being
adaptive and constantly searching for development and new business opportunities in
the maritime cluster also leads to both incremental and radical innovations. Innovation
is something people speak of as a “huge thing” but the truth is that most organisations
innovate in one way or another Innovation does not necessarily have to be about
introducing the “next Ipod” for the maritime sector, it can also be about creating more
sustainable solutions such as finding new and functional ways of reducing waste.
I decided to study innovation as the concept has become a “catchphrase” for most
organisations today. Innovation is something we see as a core element of the modern
knowledge economy and organisations tend to use the word to describe almost
anything. This made me think of what an innovation is and how people in the maritime
cluster perceive innovations. As the word itself has such a broad meaning the view on
innovation also varies extremely. Some people see innovations as something purely
technical while others see it as an improvement, change or solution for a social or
technical process.
If we look at innovation from a maritime perspective, we can see that it has been crucial
for societal improvement and the exploration of the world.
These examples for how innovations have come to revolutionize sea transport focus
mainly on technological innovations, but as earlier mentioned an innovation can also be
e.g. a new way of organizing and managing people within an organisation, a new
feedback system or a unique and creative solution for customer service. A great
example of a technological innovation is the mariner’s compass which changed the
ways of seafaring, shipping and early port management in 13th century Mediterranean
cities (Lane, 1963).
The focus of my thesis is mainly to identify how organisations and people within the
maritime cluster see innovation, why organisations innovate and to identify problems
2

Alexander West

and regulations regarding innovation. The thesis will also focus on people’s own stories
and experiences of innovation.
There are many questions to answer regarding innovation and I will try to answer some
of them in this thesis.

3

Alexander West

A brief introduction to maritime history
Sea travel and maritime transport have been of great importance in human history.
People have since the beginning of the first urban civilizations decided to settle near
rivers and the sea as water grants the ability to transport people and goods from a
location to another (Stein, 2017). A quote by Plato (109bc; Stein, 2017, p. 1) was that
people spread along the coast like “frogs around a pond” and it is in my opinion a
suitable introductory quote to why the sea has been of such great importance all through
history. 70 % of the world is covered by water and water has always functioned as a
link between different cultures. Sea transport allows transportation of larger quantities
of goods and therefore the technological development of vessels and sea traveltechnology has been in focus over the past thousands of years (Stein, 2017).
During the golden age (500 ad) sea trade linked together parts of the world that were
unknown to each other. Goods could range as distant as from China to Britain even if no
single ship in that time could travel the journey. These kinds of goods came to shape
rumours about foreign unknown worlds which increased the interest in sea travel and
exploration.
The first “boats” that people used were most likely simple logs (Stein, 2017) but over
time processes developed and people started to carve logs or attach several to each other
in order to travel more efficiently. The oldest canoe (as we know them today) was found
in the Netherlands and dates as far back as 6300 BC (Stein, 2017).
Other ancient vessels were made out of sewn hides attached to a frame, these kinds of
vessels have also been found in many different parts of the world and Scandinavian
cave paintings picturing these vessels origin from around 10.000 BC (Stein 2017).
Plenty of development occurred in the early ages and around 3500 BC the first plank
boats were built in Mesopotamia and around a hundred years later, 3400 BC, the first
ships with sails were built. As more sophisticated ships were developed people could
travel more easily along maritime paths and this lead to interregional trade and the
telling and writing of great stories such as “The epic of Gilgamesh” (2100 BC) and
“The Iliad” and “The Odyssey” (950 – 750 BC). These stories show the importance of
the sea and that ancient civilisations romanticized sea travel (Stein, 2017).
4

Alexander West

Other technologies apart from shipbuilding have also been in focus for naval
development. Successful navigation has been a key element for travelling longer
distances and seafarers who possessed the ability to navigate also managed to complete
their trade routes and travels successfully.
There is little evidence on early ancient navigational technology apart from sounding
stones and the reading of the stars. However, Shelley Wachsmann (1998) states that the
lack of evidence does not necessarily mean that no kind of navigational technology
existed at that time. Wachsmann (1998) argues that such technologies may have been
kept secret as they were of high value and that the traces may have been lost in history.
Even if there were navigational instruments for ancient seafaring the ability of
describing landmarks was of great value to ancient seafarers (Wachsmann, 1998).
In the early times of our history (CE) more refined navigational techniques started to be
developed. The Norse, or the Vikings, managed to travel to distant places such as
Greenland and North America (900 CE) mainly navigating with a tool called a “polar
stick” which used the Pole star as the source for navigation (Stein, 2017). In the same
era Chinese seafaring also expanded and the Chinese developed refined instruments
under the Tang Dynasty (600 CE). China became the centrum for world trading and
expanded their trading to the west through what is now known as “the silk road” (Stein,
2017). The Chinese learned to use a kind of loadstone compass at around 1 AD
(Carlson, 1975) which allowed them to navigate by magnetism. The discovery of
loadstones and magnetism may however origin from earlier Mesoamerican times from
around 1000 BC. When the Chinese first discovered the loadstone magnet, it was
mainly used for fortune telling and astrology and later for navigation (Carlson, 1975).
Around a thousand years later more refined loadstone compasses were developed, these
compasses consisted of a loadstone and an iron needle which showed the direction.
These devices were mentioned in Chinese texts around 1080 CE and in Europeans 1190
CE. It is believed that the compass found its way to Europe through Arabian merchants
at this time, but the discovery of it has been accredited to Marco Polo (Mills, 2004). The
compass became a revolutionary discovery for seafaring and in 1250 the mariner’s
compass was introduced (a similar one to these we know as compasses’ today) (Lane,
1963). The importance of the compass best came to show in the Mediterranean area in
5

Alexander West

the 13th-century as the sea-charts of that time were inaccurate and of low quality.
According to Lane (1963) the discovery of the compass improved the quality of sea
charts so that they were drastically more reliable in the beginning of the 14th-century.
The main reason why the innovation of the compass came to be so revolutionary was
that mariners now were able to navigate properly during winter months when they were
not able to see the sun or the stars (Lane, 1963). Before the 14th-century, Mediterranean
cities closed their ports in the wintertime and the innovation of the compass allowed
them to stay open and mariners to make voyages all year-round enhancing efficiency of
early shipping (Lane, 1963).
Shipping and sea travel came to revolutionize the European society further in the 15th
century as (then) sophisticated rigs with improved sail construction were built.
European conquerors started to discover the world outside Europe, and this was also the
beginning of an era for bulk shipping (Müller, 2011). Sea transport is still today the
most efficient transport method for large amounts of goods but the way we transport
goods has changed drastically since the era of sailing ships. In the 19th-century bulkshipping vessels changed from being sail-driven to being steam-driven (driven by
burning coal) which was a significant innovation for marine transport. In the 20thcentury shipping vessels became driven by fossil fuels and today in the 21st-century we
are continuously searching for alternative and more sustainable propellants (Müller,
2011).

6

Alexander West

An introduction to the concept of innovation
Innovation is something that has always occurred in society; however, people have not
always been using a specific word for it. If we look back to the introduction to the
maritime history, we can see that plenty of different technological, process and
managerial innovations have occurred which have changed society in different ways.
According to Professor Alf Rehn (2017) innovation is “necessary for driving society
further but not necessarily improving it”. This means that innovations are not
necessarily changing society in the best possible direction but that change also creates
opportunities for more innovative activities.
Innovation occurs when organisations interact with their environment and discover new
revolutionary ways of doing things that people are willing to adapt to (Brown &
Duguid, 1991). When I speak of organisations in a historical perspective, I do not only
refer to businesses, as the first innovations people tend to speak of are the art of fire
making and the wheel. These innovations happened long before our history began, and
people simply discovered new ways of changing society to make it more productive or
sustainable. When speaking of innovation and change people also tend to see innovative
activities as a onetime thing or “Eureka”-moment as it is easy to romanticize and
simplify stories in order to make them more appealing (Johnson, 2010).
According to Johnson (2010) most innovations are slowly built up by ideas and
incremental changes in society that add up to a product when the knowledge or
technology is at the level required. Johnson (2010) speaks of the moment when Darwin
“discovered” the evolution theory and backtracks his notebooks in order to see that it
was no clear moment when Darwin made the discovery and that he had been certain
about it for a long time before he announced his theories. The “Eureka” moments have
also shaped how we look at innovations today as many people tend to think of images
such as “The thinker” or when the apple fell on Newton’s head when they think of
innovation. The truth is that innovative activities have mainly occurred by people
interacting and sharing ideas and not by a single person generating all ideas and
solutions (Johnson, 2010). So rather than looking at innovation and idea generation as a
result of sitting and thinking by yourself, Johnson (2010) argues that we should look at
7

Alexander West

cafés, meeting rooms and other locations where people interact as key places of idea
generation and innovation.
Another problem with innovation is: who decides what is innovative and what is not?
According to many authors, such as Rogers (2003), Rehn (2017) and Talukdar (2013)
innovations must be found by an audience and perceived as a new phenomenon.
However, plenty of new thinking actually origins in imitation (Rehn, 2010).
Imitation has historically been in people’s nature and when finding a functional solution
people tend to copy and change or try to improve it. Identifying what is a new concept
and what is just a changed old concept can sometimes be challenging. Alf Rehn (2010)
states that creativity and innovative thinking does not origin in your comfort zone and
that people and organisations have to be challenged in order to come up with new ideas
and concepts (Rehn, 2010, p. 32). In history and ancient times the challenges often
occurred naturally, if we take the fire as an example, people had to find a way of
keeping animals away and keeping warm and therefore they learned how to make and
handle a fire.
Today, the challenges are not always as severe as they were back in ancient times, but
creativity still happens in everyday life. Joseph Schumpeter (1942) is famous for
coining the term “creative destruction” referring to scrapping existing structures and
creating new more refined structures. According to Schumpeter (1942, p. 81) the
creative destruction is a form of “evolution for ideas” leading to new better solutions
and economical frameworks.
The essential point to grasp is that in dealing with capitalism we are dealing with an
evolutionary process. – Joseph Schumpeter (1942, p.81)
According to Schumpeter (1942) creativity can be enhanced by working with creative
solutions and Schumpeter saw creativity as a form of destruction which leads to
rebuilding. However, Alf Rehn (2010, p.33) sees creativity as an energy, and as any
energy it is not easily controlled.

8

Alexander West

Creativity and change occur whether we want it or not and creativity takes many
different forms and can go in different directions meaning that creativity cannot be
considered controllable just because the sake of it… –Alf Rehn (2010,p.33)
Original quote in Swedish: “Kreativitet är energin i allt detta. Men precis som all
energy så kommer den I många olika former, kan riktas på många olika sätt och kan
inte behandlas som något man kan kontrollera bara för att…” Alf Rehn (2010, p.33)
But why this discussion about creativity then? The concept of innovation relates to
creativity and without creativity innovation cannot occur. However, creativity is not a
synonym to innovation and all creativity does not necessarily lead to innovation (Rehn,
2017, p.12). With that said I will end the introduction here and continue discussing
innovation in the theoretical chapter of the thesis.

9

Alexander West

Purpose of the thesis
The purpose of my thesis is to find out how: organisations in the Finnish maritime
cluster innovates, what their innovation process looks like, and if we can consider the
maritime industry an industrial cluster.
As different innovation types are key concepts of innovation, I will study how people
within the maritime industry perceive the concept of innovation and if they make a
difference between radical and incremental innovations.
I will also write case stories of the people I interviewed to capture both successful and
unsuccessful examples of innovation based on my interviewee’s own experiences of
innovation within their organisations.
I am also studying if there are any limitations or restrictions on innovation for
organisations within the Finnish maritime industry and if so, what impact they may
have on the innovation processes.
As the marine industry has been considered traditional with a hierarchical leadership
structure, I will also study whether the people of my study perceive it like this and what
impact this may have on innovative thinking.

10

Alexander West

Outline
In the second chapter of my thesis I will introduce the reader to my theoretical
framework and present the theories I have used for understanding innovation. The
innovation models of Rehn (2017) and Cooper (1996) have been central for the chapter
but other authors such as Benner and Tuschman (2003) and Sheng and Chien (2016)
have been in focus when I have described different types of innovation and how they
affect the processes and innovative work of organisations . I have also tried capture
other angles on the concept of innovation and tried to create an as extensive theoretical
chapter as possible.
After my theoretical framework on innovation I have continued writing about
economical clusters and the role of a cluster-environment for organisations’. Michael
Porter (1990, 1998, 2000, 2003) has been the main influence on my cluster theorychapter as he is considered to have introduced the concept of industrial clusters.
Makkonen, Inkinen and Saarni (2013) also promoted the relevance of researching
innovation in the maritime industry and they executed a quantitative study on
innovation in the Finnish maritime cluster in 2013.
The third chapter of my thesis focuses on the study I have conducted; how I collected
my material, the regulations on it, the ethical aspects of the study and why I have
chosen to use a qualitative research method. Afterwards I continue my analysis in the
fourth chapter where I first, through short stories, introduce the people in my study.
After the stories I continue with a thematic analysis where I focus on the most relevant
themes from my interviews.
In the end chapter I will discuss and conclude my analysis and end with a few words
about the process and what could had been done differently.

11

Alexander West

Innovation and Clusters
In the following chapter I will introduce the reader to the theories I am using as a tool
for analysis in my thesis. The key focus is on innovation but as I am analysing a cluster,
I will also introduce economical clusters to the reader. The author, Alf Rehn, has had a
great impact on my reading of innovation theories; however, I have also looked for
different angles on the topic to build a more complex theoretical framework for my
thesis.

Innovation
The word innovation is constantly becoming more popular for companies to have in
their vision statements, strategies, and long-term plans. It sometimes feels slightly
vague as companies declare themselves as highly innovative or working with innovative
solutions, so what is innovation actually? There are a number of different and similar
definitions of the concept “innovation”, but I have chosen to focus on three written by
Rehn (2017), Rogers (2003) and Talukder (2014).
According to Alf Rehn (2017) innovation can be defined by clarifying what innovation
is not. Two things that need to be kept separate from the word innovation are creativity
and invention. Creativity refers to the mental processes where people come up with
ideas while invention focuses on something new but not necessarily useful (Rehn 2017).
The creative process allows us to use solutions from a field and implement it on another
which will hopefully result in new ways of doing things. The mental process is also a
form of internal brainstorming where we come up with ideas that can range from fully
implementable to completely ridiculous, but how does creativity relate to innovation?
Rehn (2017, p. 12) states that “creativity is needed for all innovations, but all creativity
does not lead to innovations”.
Invention is a word describing something new and unique (Rehn, 2017). The word
invention differs from innovation as inventions does not necessarily give added value.
Invention is such an extensive word as it covers everything from the most unnecessary
new thing to the most brilliant solution. What both innovations and inventions have in
common are that they are new to the user. However, for an invention to become an

12

Alexander West

innovation the user must find usage for the product/concept. The users must find value
in the invention and then it can gain the status of an innovation.
By defining what an innovation is not we can also define what an innovation actually is,
according to Rehn (2017, p. 13) “An innovations can be seen as a creative idea that has
been materialized and found its use on the market”.
Rogers (2003) definition of innovation is in many ways similar to Rehn’s (2017) but has
a main difference and that is the “newness” –factor of an innovation. Rogers (2003)
defines innovation as an “idea, practice or object that is perceived as new by an
individual or other unit of adaptation.” This means that the innovation itself does not
have to be objectively new as long as it is perceived as new to the user. The newness
factor is based on the user’s reaction to the innovation, if the user feels like it is
something new and usable to him/her it is perceived as an innovation (Rogers, 2003).
The third definition is written by Talukder (2014). Talukder agrees and emphasizes that
innovations are value bringing but also need to be implementable for the organisation.
The innovation must be a new or a significantly improved idea or system, therefore an
abstract idea cannot be considered an innovation as it is not directly usable.

Incremental and Radical Innovation
As stated in my thesis, innovativeness is necessary for organisations on changing and
unpredictable markets (Koberg, Detienne, Heppard 2003). Innovation is needed for
organisational, technological, and societal development and is also considered to be one
of the catchphrases of today (Rehn 2017). Even after defining the word “innovation” we
can establish that it is a wide concept covering anything from the slightest change to a
revolutionary discovery. Therefore, we can categorize innovations into two categories:
incremental and radical innovations.
Incremental innovation is about improvement or slighter change of an already existing
product or process while radical innovation refers to creating something completely new
and “radical” from the organisation’s point of view. Incremental innovation goes hand
in hand with already existing knowledge within the organisation and is perceived as a
natural process and adjustment to the needs of the market.

13

Alexander West

New market opportunities are often not a result of incremental innovation, rather
incremental innovation is a process to maintain the current market position and to
improve core competencies in line with new technological development (Benner &
Tuschman, 2003). Radical innovations, on the other hand, differ from other new
products and innovations as they are a result of completely new knowledge for the
organisation, it is something that has never been tried before by the organisation.
Characteristics of radical innovations are that they are superior to existing products,
patterns, or processes on the market (Sheng & Chien, 2016). Radical innovations are
considerable improvements of already existing products or processes or the creation of
new drastic innovations. Radical innovations can be very risky for an organisation but
also greatly rewarding if they succeed.
By creating a new solution for the market, the organisation can destroy already existing
patterns and create new opportunities for itself or for an entire industry. Radical
innovations are driving industries further as they create new knowledge and generate
new opportunities which considerably change the market (Aboulnasr, Narasimhan, Blair
& Chandy, 2008).
Innovation and new solutions are a result of organisational knowledge management and
the creation or improvement of knowledge (Benner & Tuschman, 2003). Organisational
learning occurs in every part of the organisation and the transmission of knowledge is
essential for finding new solutions. Internal organisational knowledge is often used to
enhance existing products and processes as it focuses on core competencies and
understanding both customer needs and organisational development.
Transmitting knowledge within an organisation is not as easy as it sounds, therefore
organisations often benefit from information-sharing technology and an organisational
culture that emphasises knowledge sharing. The transformation of tacit knowledge and
routines into explicit can incite incremental innovation-thinking as people within the
organisation better understand the current situation and when more people have a better
understanding of a concept, it is more likely that someone can enhance the process
(Benner & Tuschman, 2003).
According to Sheng and Chien (2016) the promotion of innovative thinking and the
creation of a “problem solving” environment within the organisation can improve
incremental innovation processes. The creation of an environment where people are
14

Alexander West

comfortable to try new solutions can be achieved by not punishing failed innovation
processes, as organisations tend to learn from failure. Incremental innovations can occur
as a result of organisational failure, or more precisely by learning from the failure. An
intelligent organisation should, however, not only learn from its failures but also learn
to fail intelligently (Cannon & Edmondson, 2005).
Failing intelligently means that organisations should analyse failure, discuss the failure,
and then experiment to find a new solution to the problem. Organisations learn from
mistakes and failure is a natural part of creating new solutions and therefore punishment
of organisational failure can reduce innovative thinking. To conclude on incremental
innovations, we can say that the internal, already existing, learning process of
organisations have more significance on incremental innovations. Organisations use the
knowledge they have to enhance and refine already existing processes and products in
order to achieve a more sophisticated end-result (Sheng & Chien, 2016).
Radical innovation on the other hand is a product of questioning existing norms both
within and outside the organisation (Sheng & Chien, 2016). Radical innovation rarely
occurs from processes limited to the organisation and therefore a strategy for
implementing external knowledge and understanding of the market is necessary for
radical innovative thinking. The approach that knowledge is an asset limited to the own
organisation is a naive and conservative way of thinking and therefore organisations
must identify knowledge and development from the market or external markets.
Radical innovations are often restricted by two things, the inability to use external
knowledge in the innovation process or a fear towards risk taking and radical thinking
(Sheng & Chien, 2016). The risk of creating something completely new must always be
considered when a radical innovation process is attempted. The payoff of radical
innovations can be high, but organisations need to take the risk of failure into
calculation and track if the innovation is possible to execute for the organisation.
Therefore, different innovation strategies and process models exist so people within
organisations can track the process flow, reassuring that processes are being carried out
correctly. The creation of a radical innovation does not have to be a formal process,
however, many organisations, especially with R & D departments, prefer to see it as a
relatively formal process (Keizer and Halman, 2007).

15

Alexander West

Radical innovations often seem to be the product of formal innovation development as
organisations put their mind into creating something new. The first step of the process
can originate in an idea; however, the formalization of the idea most likely occurs as an
organisation assesses the risks of creating the innovation (Keizer & Halman, 2007).
Another type of innovation closely related to radical innovation is the disruptive
innovation. The term was introduced by Professor Clayton Christensen and refers to
why larger organisations often miss out on certain radical innovations. Disruptive
innovations are (often) cheaper or lower quality products introduced on an established
market where the leading actors are not interested in taking part in a certain niche. A
disruptive innovation is characterized as being cheap, of low quality or limited in
functionality, so a disruptive innovation is in other words an innovation that is not as
good as an existing product but introduces some new radical feature to the product (Hart
& Christensen, 2002). The innovation is not targeted for the main audience on a certain
market but instead targeted for a group not reached by the main actors (Yu & Hang,
2010).
A good example of a disruptive innovation is the mobile telephone. The first mobile
phones (GSM) were introduced in the 1980’s (Dunnewijk & Hultén, 2007) and targeted
a group of people that landline-phones were not targeting, travelling businessmen. The
first mobile phones were of low quality when it came to signal strength and sound
quality, but they had the mobility as a new highly competitive factor. Mobile phone
manufacturers acquired a share of the telephone market, but it wasn’t until the 1990’s
that the quality, price and mobility were at such quality that consumers from the main
market started to move over to mobile phones. As we can see today, technology has
taken us a long way since the 1980’s and today we refer to our phones not as mobile
phones but as smart phones. There are a number of other similar innovations that have
revolutionized markets by first acquiring a share that the main actors were not interested
in and we will for sure see many other examples in the future.
As we now have some definitions provided and a better understanding of the term
“innovation” we can continue to the innovation process and how innovations are
developed and later executed. To conclude Freeman and Soete (1997) describe
innovation as invention in combination with commercialisation and according to

16

Alexander West

Everleen (2010) the common ground for definitions of innovation are that they focus on
the generation of ideas in combination with the implementation of them.

The Innovation Process
The innovation process is the process how organisations develop and implement
innovations. The creation and implementation of ideas is not a new concept. Ever since
the pre-historical era people have been able to identify new solutions and take them into
use (primitive stereotypical innovation e.g. the fire), however, the processes were not
formalized in academic literature before the mid-20th century when one of the foremost
innovation-researcher, Emmett Rogers, introduced his theories in the early 1960’s
(Everleens 2010; Rehn 2017).
Innovation is never a “one-time thing” for organisations, rather a process of
organisational decision making combined with an idea that is under development, from
the phase of its birth to the last phase of the innovation process (Popadiuk & Choo
2006).
According to Rehn (2017) the innovation process can be divided into six phases starting
from idea generation and ending with user feedback.
1. Idea Generation
2. Idea Development
3. Prototype
4. Testing
5. Launching
6. Feedback
Rehn (2017): The innovation process

The idea generation process is about finding potential ideas within the organisation.
The idea generation process is connected to creativity and can occur anywhere in an
organisation. Idea generation is seen as a creative process where ideas are discovered
(Rehn 2017), however idea generation is a wide process which also generates lessuseful ideas. After finding an idea it continues to the idea development phase, in this
phase the organisation decides whether the idea is usable and implementable or not.
This is a process of commercialising an idea into something concrete.
17

Alexander West

When the product/service/process has been transformed from an idea into something
more concrete the prototype phase begins. In this phase the organisation presents a “first
draft” of their creation, a pitch of what the end product can look like. Here is to
remember that the innovation can be anything from a product to any kind of process
(Rehn 2017). The prototype phase is continued with the testing phase. The organisation
now tests their prototype to make sure it is functioning and filling its purpose.
When the innovation is tested it hopefully goes on to the launching phase. Now the
innovation is ready to be implemented in the organisation or sold on a market
(depending on the innovation). The innovation does not necessarily have to be a
finished and never changing product when launched, it highly depends on the industry.
A ship for instance must be ready when launched as it is a physical product that needs to
function perfectly while some new IT-software can be patched and developed after the
launch (Rehn 2017).
The last phase of an innovation is the feedback process. The users now interact with the
innovation and choose to consume it or not. If the innovation is a success, users will
decide to continue to use it and perhaps give some thoughts about improvement. If
consumers decide not to use the innovation, feedback is also given to the organisation
who has developed the innovation. The innovation process is a constant process and
does not end at this step, when an organisation receives feedback it can continue to
improve the innovation in order to achieve a better end-result. Innovations change and
improve over time and create constant opportunities for new innovations. (Rehn 2017)
Rehn’s (2017) innovation process is an improved model of what Verworn and Herstatt
(2002) refers to as a third-generation innovation process. The third-generation
innovation process was first introduced by Robert Cooper (1996) who categorizes the
innovation process into a five gate-stage process. The process is similar to the
innovation process of Rehn (2017) but the main difference is that Cooper does not
include the feedback phase as a sixth step. However, the gates in Cooper’s (1996)
model works as “quality control check points” where the organisation can decide
whether to continue with the process or not, or if the organisation want to change or
eliminate some part of the process.

18

Alexander West

Cooper (1996): Third-Stage Innovation Process

The reason why the process is called a Third-Stage Innovation Process is because
Robert Cooper defined two earlier not so refined innovation processes in the beginning
of the 90’s. The Third-Stage Innovation Process is also referred to as a “next-level
innovation process” and is the most contemporary of Cooper’s innovation processmodels. The strength of this process is according to Cooper (1996) that it is highly
flexible and does not necessarily require a formal R & D-department and can be
implemented anywhere in an organisation. Cooper’s (1996) model is focusing primarily
on product development and the process is slightly more formal than the innovation
process of Rehn (2017).
The two first stages of Cooper’s (1996) model differentiates slightly from Rehn’s
(2017) as their focus lies in investigation and conducting formal research while Rehn’s
is more about refining an idea. Cooper (1996) writes that a team of experts in
marketing, technological and other required fields should conduct a market research and
then provide blueprints for the innovation. Rehn’s (2017) first two steps on the other
hand focus on transforming a loose idea into something concrete. The focus also lies in
creating a blueprint for the prototype phase but Rehn (2017) does not state an as strict
plan of action for the first stages.
The reason for conceptualizing the innovation process into different stages is to identify
where potential drivers and barriers may occur in the organisation (Everleens 2010). An
organisation must be aware of its knowledge and competencies before starting an
innovation process. An organisation should focus on its key competencies and
remember its core values when starting an innovation process to be able to focus on
what it is already “good at”. According to Hargadon (2015) organisations must also
identify their capacity to see what is realistically achievable. By combining assets such
19

Alexander West

as technological-capital, monetary-capital, and knowledge-capital an organisation can
identify its full potential. Knowing the capacities of the organisation can be the
difference between failure and success (Hargadon 2015). If an organisation stretches too
far from its core competencies it might lose grasp of what it is developing and may
jeopardize company assets.
“What you don’t know you don’t know” -Andrew Hargadon (2015, p.43), written as a
guideline for organisations to remember not to focus on innovations too far from core
competencies.
As stated, knowledge of core competencies is crucial for an organisation’s innovation
process, but is the process always as formal as these? The answer to this is no, when
developing a technical innovation, the process seems to be more formal than when
developing other types of innovations, but organisational size also has its impact. A
service- or system-innovation seem to have a more informal process than a technicalinnovation as they often do not require as much technological nor monetary assets. The
development process of technical innovations can, as earlier mentioned, also be less
formal and the size of the organisations can play a part on how formal the process is
(Laforet, 2007). Laforet (2007) categorizes organisations into defenders or prospectors
depending on their role on the market. Defenders are more interested in keeping their
position on the market and therefore “defends” their position by maintaining and
developing their key competencies. Prospectors on the other hand must “conquer” a part
of the market and therefore must identify gaps and possibilities leading to new and often
more technological innovations on a market.
Larger organisations with more members often benefit from having more formal
processes as formal processes are easier to monitor. An organisation with only a few
members naturally has a better knowledge of what is happening within the organisation
and on what level the employees are. If someone has an idea in a smaller organisation it
is easier to communicate it as there are fewer intermediaries and (often) fewer processes
going on in the organisation. The flexible and non-restricting innovation processes can
benefit, especially smaller companies, but there is also a risk of creating chaos if the
process runs out of hand. Larger organisations tend to develop more structured
frameworks in order to have similar activities going on in different offices within the
same organisation. This may reduce innovativeness and flexibility to some extent but

20

Alexander West

also creates a structure for organisational learning. So, having a formal innovation
process can be unbeneficial or beneficial for an organisation depending on how they are
using them. Size and formality often go hand in hand and having a larger company
often leads to more formalized innovation processes. The usage of more formalized
processes also shows a pattern of long-range planning and is a strategic approach to
keeping the organisation sustainable for the future. Small organisations tend to be very
innovative and fast-phased with unstructured innovation processes, however, this can
also create high uncertainty and problems when it comes to sustainable development
and the organisation’s future. (Laforet, 2007)
The size of the organisation, as earlier mentioned, seems to have an impact on
innovation processes, however, it is not easy to say if the impact is the same in every
industry. According to Sylvie Laforet (2007) both large (50+ employees) and small
firms (1-20 employees) have advantages when it comes to innovation, however,
intermediate sized organisations seems to innovate the least. The larger firms on a
market have the benefit of high monetary assets and a high amount of knowledge, the
smaller have the advantage of flexibility and risk-taking whilst the intermediate ones
lack both these advantages to some extent (Laforet, 2007). Another advantage for
larger organisations is the ability to outsource and use external knowledge in exchange
for monetary assets. Larger organisations tend to outsource and buy services providing
them with the knowledge they need for a solution and even for future problems (Enkel,
Gassman & Chesbrough, 2009).
Firm size plays an important part in describing innovativeness in a cluster and according
to Makkonen, Inkinen and Saari (2013) it is of great significance to a maritime cluster.
Large companies within the cluster seems to gain significant profit from R & Dactivities as they have the monetary assets to invest in constant innovationdevelopment. However, small firms do still have to be innovative in order to be able to
exist, especially in the maritime cluster (Makkonen, Inkinen & Saari, 2013). Small
firms with high entrepreneurial spirit can niche themselves into a position that the major
actors are not interested in. According to Plehn-Dujowich (2009) R & D-payoff is
higher for SME’s compared to larger firms and an increased spending in R & D does
not grow progressively, according to Pleh-Dujowich (2009) smaller firms are therefore
also more innovative if we look at a payoff-spending perspective. However, this is not
the whole story as innovations differs a whole lot from each other and some have a
21

Alexander West

more concrete payoff than others (organisational/process innovations rarely show
concrete profit for instance). Also, larger firms tend to have more specified work-titles
for their employees and more refined systems of reporting R & D expenditure and
therefore larger firms may seem to gain less from innovation investment than smaller
firms if measured from a quantitative perspective. So, measuring innovations from a
pure patent-spending perspective can be somehow deceiving even if it provides
guidelines for an organisation’s innovation-activities (Pleh-Dujowich, 2009). Ventureinvestment also seemed to be a highly profitable result of R & D and therefore
governmental projects should, according to Pleh-Dujowich (2009), focus on aiding
start-ups and smaller organisations in order to achieve higher innovativeness.
As stated, organisational size has an impact on innovation processes and activities but
what other factors are important to take into consideration? Time and monetary assets
are two factors that regulates or creates possibilities for innovations and therefore this
will be the next topic I am going to focus on.

Time and Innovation
When speaking of time and innovation we can see it from two different perspectives,
the first being how time affects a specific innovation-process and the other being how
an organisation look at innovation from a strategy point of view (in the long run).
Putting an innovation into a time perspective can be difficult and organisations tend to
be overly positive when it comes to how long a process from idea to implementation
can take. By using one of the models, Rehns (2017) or Coopers (1996), an organisation
can attempt to measure how long the different stages will take. However, innovations
cannot always be measured easily as it comes to new routines and technologies that the
organisation is unfamiliar with. Incremental innovations and development orientated
innovations are often easier to put in a time perspective as the knowledge already exists
within the organisation. Radical innovations can be hard to measure as unexpected
problems may occur during the process; how can you be prepared for something you
have never done before? Therefore, it is important for managers to take strategic
decisions during an innovation process and sometimes even choose whether an
innovation-process should continue or not (Cooper 1996; Rehn, 2017). But it is also to
remember that innovation is not only about formal processes but also about daily
22

Alexander West

activities of organisational work. Innovations implemented in organisations needs to
work with the routines and processes of the organisation, whether it is a process-,
business-, product or process-innovation is compatibility always a key aspect.
Feedback systems are also an essential part of working time management within
organisations. Tracking the performance of implemented innovations is crucial for the
improvement of the specific innovation but often also for the entire organisation. By
identifying how well a new solution works at an as early stage as possible can save the
organisation both time and money (Rehn, 2017). According to Rehn (2017) the stage
gate model of innovation is highly usable as it allows an organisation to start many
innovation-processes and identify how well they work during the process. If an
innovation is to fail only a small investment is lost while if it succeeds an organisation
gains a working solution that can bring profit or functionality to the organisation. Also,
not too much time is wasted on innovation-processes that are not working as they are
constantly being monitored.
A limited time perspective when it comes to an innovation can result in failure but does
not necessarily have to. According to Rehn (2017) a limited amount of time can
sometimes lead to a higher innovativeness. Deadlines and time restrictions does not
necessarily have to be a bad thing as some sort of pressure can encourage
innovativeness and efficiency. Individuals and teams can be welded together more
closely if they have to work on a tight schedule as people tend to come up with creative
ideas also under pressure. Too much time and a too long project can even correlate
negatively with innovativeness as people then tend to postpone tasks if they have no
deadline. Tight schedules have been tried especially in the IT- and coding-sector where
different kinds of competitions and “marathon” work has been tried. For instance,
different “Hackatons” can be taken as an example. On a “Hackaton” a team work
together to create a new product or service on limited time (often a few days). It is a
competition that has shown to be highly successful and this is a good example of how
limited time is not necessarily a limitation for the innovation process. Rehn (2017)
With this said I will continue with innovation management and return to time and
innovation later in the thesis.

23

Alexander West

Innovation Management
Managing innovations can be extremely hard and even sound close to impossible,
because how do you manage something that does not yet exist? Managing innovation is
about managing the innovation-process and achieving the best end result (Rehn, 2017).
Innovation management and control rarely goes hand in hand as it is a form of creative
process where different people present ideas and solutions. Innovation management is
about choosing “the next step” for an innovation and making sure that it is functional.
The process can be tricky as innovation management is concerning both product and
people-management.
The academic views on innovation management has been going through a lot of change
over the last tenths of years. Early academic literature often distinguished between a
formal, hierarchical structure for organisations working with similar routine tasks while
organisations going through change usually benefit from a more open, flexible
environment (Dawson & Andriopoulos, 2014).
However, it is not so simple as there is no “best way” of managing organisations and
innovation. Gareth Morgan (2006) argues from different metaphors and approaches for
managing organisations and he concludes that there is no single best way of managing
organisations. And if there is no single best way of managing an organisation, can there
then be a best way of managing innovation? According to Dawson and Andriopoulos
(2014) there are different ways of managing innovation as models vary from linear
structures to more cyclic and dynamic models which means that a single best way of
innovation management does not exist.
Depending on how open the organisation is in its innovation models a different
approach to innovation management should be taken. The modern approach to
innovation and the view that innovation is not mainly internal has also changed the view
on innovation management. As plenty of change occurs outside the organisation it is
important that the organisation takes part of this knowledge and uses it in its own
innovation processes. A traditional, closed innovation environment in an organisation
can be outdated as it is naive to think that an organisation possesses all the best
solutions, knowledge and technology.

24

Alexander West

Chesbrough (2003) introduced a paradigm of open innovation and points out that
managers should open up the innovation process in order to take advantage of external
knowledge. The organisation does not have to open the innovation process entirely but
should consider using external knowledge at least at some point in the innovation
process. An often-occurring misperception of the term “open innovation” is that it has
to be a completely open process. An innovation process can be open to some extent as
some knowledge also should be held for internal use to gain a uniqueness to the
innovation. Trott and Hartmann (2009) heavily criticize open innovation in their article
“Why open innovation is old wine in new bottles” as they mean that organisations with
R & D departments have been using external knowledge for internal processes already
for the last few decades.
They also state that a completely new paradigm and model for open innovations may
work for some but should not necessarily be implemented for all organisations.
Innovation management has been emphasizing interaction between organisations
already since the 1960’s as managers have had knowledge that an organisation cannot
possess all available knowledge (Trott & Hartmann, 2009) so an exchange of
knowledge has also been used for managing more “closed” innovation models. The
open innovation is not as new and unique as it first may seem if put in a historical
perspective, but it concretises the way of perceiving innovation. An open innovation
approach can be usable for some organisations but simplifying and criticising more
closed models can be dangerous. The main different between closed and open
innovation is the idea of how R & D is done. R & D models may differ from
organisation to organisation, but it seems like the stage-gate and advanced process
model (Cooper, 1996; Rehn, 2017) seems to be in wide use.
To conclude on different approaches of managing innovation it can be said that
innovation management is about finding the most suitable way for managing innovation
activities in an organisation. Whether an organisation chooses an open or closed
strategy for innovation management is up to itself, the purpose for innovation
management is simply to make the process work.
Innovation management is however, not only about choosing what type of management
strategy should be used, it is also about managing people. People working with
innovations are usually experts, especially in the sector I am studying, and therefore

25

Alexander West

managing experts is closely connected to innovation management. Creating a functional
communication chain between people and teams, making experts want to share as much
information as possible is crucial and this can be done through creating a knowledge
sharing culture (Cabrera, 2007). Identity and knowledge also go hand in hand and
according to Lifshitz-Assaf (2017) a professional identity can be challenged (if the
expert is unsure about his identity) by using an open R & D-strategy. Managing experts
in relation to innovation and R & D is not an easy task but a task innovative
organisation must bear in mind.

Innovation as a cyclic model
The cyclic innovation model, developed in the 1990s, describes continuous change and
innovativeness in an organisation (Berkhout, Hartmann & Trott, 2010). Compared to
the linear innovation process model the cyclic model is on an organisational “macro”
level as it explains change in the market, organisation and technology, and how it
affects entrepreneurship/innovativeness (Berkhout, Hartmann & Trott, 2010). The main
insights that can be taken from the cyclic model is that innovation is a cycle, not a chain
and that innovative activities build on each other. An organisation learns from its
failures leading to new insights, success creates new challenges and opportunities and
creative ideas lead to new processes (Berkhout, Hartmann & Trott, 2010). Cyclic
innovation models also allow the manager to evaluate all internal and external assets
available to the organisation and this can provide key information for creating an
innovation strategy (Schoen, Mason, Kline & Bunch, 2005).

26

Alexander West

Innovation as a Cyclic Model (Schoen, Mason, Kline & Bunch, 2005)
The model explains from where an innovation originates and how it is being shaped
between interactions with different parts of the organisation/market. An innovation
cannot be shaped in just one of the four main circles, then it is only considered an
enhancement or improvement to an already existing innovation (Schoen, Mason, Kline
& Bunch, 2005). This model has, according to Schoen, Mason, Kline & Bunch (2005),
worked as an instrument for creating synergy between different actors in the field of
innovation. The model allows people from different (and the same) organisations to
connect and share thoughts and expertise to achieve a successful outcome. It also
integrates customers and market/social change as main factors for innovation. An
important aspect of the cyclic model is that it promotes interaction between scientific
research and other aspects needed for innovation, “turning scientific knowledge into
socioeconomic value” (Berkhout, Hartmann, van der Duin, Ortt, 2006, 402).
The cyclic innovation model can be seen as an innovation strategy-tool for
organisations and is in that way more complex than the linear innovation process model.
The cyclic model also focuses on creating new innovations from an already existing one
and explains how innovation occurs (and the difference between improvement and
innovation) but is not as formal and structured as the linear model for a single
innovation process.
27

Alexander West

Summary
In my chapter on innovation I have focused on introducing the reader to the concept and
then continuing with the different kinds of innovation, then focusing on the process and
later how innovation is managed within organisations. I have tried to look at the concept
of innovation from different angles but Rehn (2017) and Cooper (1996) have been
present through most parts of the chapter. Sheng & Chien (2016) and Benner &
Tuschman (2003) as well as other authors have had an impact on my text about different
kinds of innovation, Everleens (2010) has also had an impact and contributes with a
modern take on Cooper’s (1996) stage-gate process model. The linear innovation model
is of importance to my thesis as well as the cyclic model for innovation, however, I am
aware that not all organisations formalize their process to the same extent and therefore
I have also tried to focus on innovation as a more informal process.
Apart from the innovation processes the thesis also focuses on competencies, time,
leadership and how to manage innovation. Andrew Hardagon (2015) has been my main
source for how innovation relates to competencies and the quote of him I used is there
to increase the understanding of how the two concepts relate to one another. Time and
resources are also very interesting in an innovation context as people usually perceive
limited time and resources as something negative in relation to innovativeness.
However, Alf Rehn (2017) points out that limited time and resources can also be of
positive effect on innovativeness and I highlighted this by an example of “Hackatons”
and how they have come to create innovations in the IT-Sector.
Last but not least I’m looking at the “openness” of innovations and the paradigm of
open innovations from different angles, it relates to the management of innovation and
experts within organisations and I have tried to look at different researchers take on the
subject. Chesbrough’s (2003) ideas was naturally selected as he introduced the
paradigm of open innovation, however, I also chose to look at the concept from a more
critical perspective by reading Trott and Hartmann’s (2009) text “Why open innovation
is old wine in new bottles”. After discussing the management of innovation, I also focus
on the cyclic innovation model as a second model for how innovation processes may
take shape. Here the main influences on my text were Berkhout, Hartmann and Trott,
(2010) and Schoen, Mason, Kline, and Bunch (2005).
28

Alexander West

The chapter is built up as a funnel, starting with defining the concept of innovations,
then focusing on different kinds of innovations and going towards the more detailed
concepts (Marshall & Rossman, 1999, p.28)

29

Alexander West

Clusters
Michael Porter (1998, p.78) defines clusters as “a geographically proximate group of
inter-connected companies and associated institutions”. In other words, a cluster is a
network of organisations and companies working on a connected field in a specific
geographic area. In 2000 Porter develops his definition further and adds the aspect of
cooperation, Porter (2000, p.15): “Clusters are geographic concentrations of
interconnected companies, specialized suppliers, service providers, firms in related
industries, and associated institutions (e.g., universities, standards agencies, trade
associations) in a particular field that compete but also cooperate.”. To fully understand
a cluster, it is important to know what it practically consists of. The organisations within
a cluster ranges from organisations such as universities, specialized suppliers, providers
of infrastructure to end-product producers (Porter 2000).
A cluster’s value chain can be complex, and the communication and trade often work in
many directions and can include government and/or foreign investors (Rocha, 2004).
The organisations that adds up to a cluster should also be treated as a population rather
than an entity (de Langen, 2002). Defining the core activity of the cluster can be quite
difficult as it is often implicit, but a cluster always have one or a few core activities
which defines the cluster and its role on a national market (de Langen, 2002).
The mapping of a cluster is considered a creative process based on the understanding of
linkage between industries and institutions that are important for competition or
cooperation connected to a particular field (Porter, 2000). Clusters can sometimes be
hard to map as many significant companies function in different clusters and sometimes,
even if they are of importance to a cluster, they can still be classified into another
industrial cluster. Clusters differs from each other depending on which
country/countries they exist in and clusters in developed countries tend to be far more
complex than those in developing countries (Porter, 2000).
Companies and organisations inside a cluster are often connected primarily due to the
closeness of the companies. Companies gain a natural location-based comparative
advantage (Dunning, 1998) from close connections. According to Porter (2000) a
cluster can generate competitive skills which can be maintained within the cluster for an
extended time-period. Companies with similar geographical background also share
knowledge more easily as they have an understanding for the national culture and a
30

Alexander West

common interest for maintaining the market they operate on (Tallman, Jenkins, Henry,
Pinch, 2004).
As a result of globalization, the role of clusters, especially for some sectors, has
increased. Traditionally the knowledge-sharing and strategy for creation of competitive
advantages have been internal processes for organisations but clusters have shown that a
considerable amount of competitive advantages lies outside the own organisation
(Porter, 2000). Companies within a cluster benefits and contributes to technological
development/change. When technology changes on the global market organisations
must respond and adapt to it in order to remain competitive. Coordination of processes
and cooperation can allow companies to reach end-products that would not have been
obtainable for a company on its own. The business environment within the cluster and
the request for new/more developed products also forces organisations to change in
order to fill the market need (Rocha, 2004).
According to Porter (1990) the competitive advantages of position can be described
through four interrelated factors: Firm strategy and rivalry, demand conditions, related
and supporting industries and input conditions. This framework was first implemented
for describing the advantages of national economies but Porter (2000) used the
framework for analysing clusters competitive advantages as well. The aspects of
competitive advantages are used in a model (Porter, 1990) called Porter’s Diamond or
Porter’s National Diamond. Smit (2010) emphasizes that the diamond is not a
framework for trade nor trade patterns. The diamond works as a linkage between
country/cluster-specific sources of competitive advantages and firms’ usage of these
advantages.
The Diamond-framework describes how clusters work and shows that they interact in
different, complex ways. By describing the meaning of the four subheadings in the
Diamond we are provided with a framework for how clusters work and how companies
benefit from each other within the cluster.

31

Alexander West

Firm Strategy and Rivalry
The national environment often reflects in the strategy of a firm in a geographically
specific area (Porter 1990). The understanding of alike business cultures and strategies
grants an advantage in communication and interactions between cluster members
(Porter 2000). Firms within the cluster can also have a highly responsive strategy as
connections are often personal or on a tightly connected basis (Porter 1990). The
understanding and responsiveness of cluster-specific strategies gives firms an advantage
over foreign rivals (Porter 1990).

Demand Conditions
For a cluster to function there must be a demand of its services. Demand conditions on
the home market in developing countries have much to do if companies can move from
imitative products/services to more sophisticated products/services with focus on
differentiation (Porter 2000). A demanding local market and demanding customers
pushes the cluster towards development and innovation and therefore they are of value
to the entire cluster. A demanding home-market also gives insights in the future and
development that are hard to acquire from a more distant foreign market (Porter 2000).
A highly sophisticated home-demand shapes how firms within a cluster innovates and
responds to buyer needs (Smit 2010) and according to Porter (1990) a sophisticated
home demand is a prediction for how the global market changes and how foreign
competitor acts.

Related and Supporting Industries
When speaking of location different economic theories debates whether it has a
difference or not. Some economists debate that everything can be moved while others
state that a sophistically developed region creates sustainability for a region/cluster
(Smit 2010).
Related and supporting industries are key factors for a cluster to work. For a cluster to
work all services and support-systems must be attainable within the cluster. Porter
(2000) states that related and supporting industries is what differentiates developed
economical regions from developing ones. A cluster is a gathering of organisations and
32

Alexander West

companies related to each other that provides the supportive functions for an entire
market segment (Porter 2000). Porter (2003) states that regions should have a higher
emphasis on clusters rather than industries. Clusters boosts innovation, learning and
productivity for companies as they must change and develop in direction with cluster.

Factor (Input) Conditions
Traditionally factor conditions are seen as: labour, land and capital (Smit 2010) but
Porter (2000) sees the factor conditions as a range from tangible assets to information,
legal systems, university research and factors all companies in the clusters can benefit
from. Porter (2000) also categorizes the factor conditions into three different subgroups:
The first one being quantitative factor/input conditions. Everything from natural
resources, human capital, physical infrastructure, administrative infrastructure etc is
included here.
The second grouping is the qualitative factors. These are developed factors that
contributes to the innovation processes and the upgradation of companies.
The third sub-group is specialized factors. These are factors that have gone from
quantitative to qualitative and then furtherly refined to grant a unique advantage to the
cluster, a factor condition that is unique for the geographical area.

Figure 1: Porter’s Diamond, Sources of Locational Competitive Advantage (2000):

33

Alexander West

Source: Porter (2000)

The Diamond, first introduced by Porter (1990), described the national benefits of a
market. In 2000 Porter developed the framework to describe the need of clusters on
local markets.

34

Alexander West

Clusters and Innovation
Organisations within a cluster can gain advantages that are not available for
organisations outside the cluster. Knowledge exchange and innovation is supported by a
cluster-environment where similar and related organisations can connect, share
knowledge, and gain access to new technology within the cluster. Significant for
clusters is the competition and collaboration organisations have, an organisation may
collaborate with a competing one in order to achieve the best end result. Organisations
within clusters often have close personal connections between employees of different
organisation therefore the knowledge sharing process can be enhanced by the trust in
other people. (Klimova, Kozyrev & Babkin, 2016). As a cluster is a form of “industrial
district” organisations differentiate themselves into different stages of the production
process. This creates a flexibility within the clusters as there are specialized serviceproviders for every stage and level of product/service creation. As organisations are
specialized in executing solutions on different levels lower costs, higher flexibility and a
high amount of innovativeness characterizes a cluster (Klimova, Kozyrev & Babkin,
2016). The organisations within a cluster benefits from a “social capital” that is created
through interaction, communication, and common values of companies within a cluster.
This “social capital” allows organisations to exchange information and gain access to
new technology and social solutions faster than organisations not in a clusterenvironment.
This “social capital” that consists of high amount of knowledge, personal relations
between people and established market positions for businesses also creates an
entrepreneurial spirit as people identify gaps in the clusters and create solutions to fill
them. According to Klimova, Kozyrev and Babkin (2016, p.5) this “gives rise to new
companies through a spin-off process: very often some employees decide to leave the
business of origin in order to launch a new enterprise.”
But entrepreneurship and creation of new companies is not the only way clusters
support innovation. As earlier stated, organisations within clusters share greater amount
of information amongst each other which creates a unique collaboration-competition
communication between organisations (Klimova, Kozyrev & Babkin, 2016).
Organisations can collaborate in form of creating mutual projects that promotes growth
for parts of the cluster (or the entire cluster), have mutual shipping/resource agreements
35

Alexander West

in order to reduce costs or outsource and consultant each other if an organisation is
experiencing trouble. As organisations can be highly dependent on the success of each
other, collaboration is of great importance to clusters.
Clusters also grant some sort of economic stability to organisations within them. As the
success of a cluster is determined by the success of the actors within it there is an
interest for making sure organisations does not fail.
If an organisation fails, its members often find new employment with other actors
within the cluster as expertise is highly valued in sophisticated high-tech clusters.
An innovative cluster does not only focus on fast profit-making for the organisation but
also for sustainable development of the cluster. Innovative clusters are characterized by
an interest in the surrounding environment, research, and development of crossorganisational projects as well as collaboration with governmental institutes and
universities (Klimova, Kozyrev & Babkin, 2016).
Casanueva, Castro and Galán (2013) also supports the statement that collaboration
within clusters enhance information and knowledge sharing. Explicit knowledge can be
shared easily between organisations through formal agreements and policies but implicit
knowledge sharing often requires close relations based on friendship, loyalty and trust.
Organisations in innovative clusters tend to create closer bonds with some organisations
compared to others which leads to the shaping of smaller communities/groupings within
the cluster. If we use Porter’s (2000) diamond to analyse a clusters innovativeness a
strong linkage between the different parts of the diamond characterizes high
innovativeness (Porter, 2001).
A strong context for rivalry and strategy within a cluster increases the amount of
interest and investments being placed in a cluster but it also shows powerful
competition which “forces” organisations to improve to remain relevant.
Strong factors conditions such as: Social capital (people with the right knowledge and
education), a research infrastructure (universities, projects, governmental institutes) and
a high-quality informational infrastructure, exists in an innovative cluster.
The right suppliers of both the industry and related industries are central for an
innovative cluster. The suppliers should work as a cluster/network and be easily
36

Alexander West

accessible for organisations within the cluster. A high quality of “related and supporting
industries” is needed for the cluster to be rapid and flexible, if these do not exist or are
not of a high level an innovative cluster can experience trouble.
Demand Conditions (customers and market demand) are central for the cluster to
survive. Sophisticated customers who place large orders activate an enormous part of
the cluster. A single customer can sometimes increase the growth of almost an entire
cluster as most organisations are heavily connected. Strong local customers are also a
key-factor of a functional innovative clusters as they tend to be loyal and see the value
of the cluster’s activity. (Porter, 2001)
The diamond works as the figure shows in every direction and therefore it is desirable to
reach a high level of all factors for an innovative cluster.

37

Alexander West

The maritime industry in a cluster environment
There have been plenty of studies focusing on different national maritime clusters. De
Langen (2002) studied the Dutch maritime cluster, Isaksen (2009) studied the
Norwegian cluster and Makkonen, Inkinen and Saarni studied R&D in the Finnish
maritime cluster. According to these authors maritime clusters tend to be quite
traditional and led by a few large actors who rely heavily on a small number of
customers. What characterizes the Finnish maritime cluster, according to Makkonen,
Inkinen and Saarni, is that more incremental than radical innovations occur but also
related to firm size, large firms innovate more (a higher amount of innovation is
produced, not in relation to firm size). Internationalization and contact to other clusters
and industries also supports innovativeness in a maritime cluster according to Isaksen
(2009) and Makkonen, Inkinen and Saarni (2013). Cross-organisational communication
also promotes organisational innovativeness; however, the importance of a wellfunctioning in-house R&D is also a key-factor for successful innovations for
organisations within the cluster (Makkonen, Inkinen, Saarni, 2013).
As these studies are a few years old they do not focus on the ongoing change in the
maritime industry and some radical innovations that recently have been executed.
Makkonen, Inkinen and Saarni (2013) did state in their report that more studies have to
be conducted in order to see organisations views on innovation and what kind of
innovation strategies organisations are using. The statement of Makkonen, Inkinen and
Saarni (2013) also promotes the relevance of my thesis and the study I have conducted.

38

Alexander West

My Study
In this chapter, I will discuss the methods I have chosen for my study, the reason why I
decided to use a qualitative research method and how I collected my data.
My study is an abductive study as I have collected data and written my theoretical
chapter at the same time. An abductive study does not start from theory nor just
observations, it is rather a method often used for practical studies where the researcher
can shift between collecting data and finalizing his/her theory actively moulding the
study and the problematics of it (Björklund & Paulsson, 2007).
When I started with my thesis, I did not have clearly defined research questions, nor did
I know the problems of the field I have been studying. I started to read theory and dived
into different theoretical angles on innovation and I also read thoroughly about the
maritime industry and what characterizes it. When I had a better understanding of what
the industry seems to be like I finalized the framework for my interviews and then
started conducting them. The theory of my thesis has been under constant development
while I have been collecting data in order to the best possible end-product which could
be used for the analysis of my thesis.

39

Alexander West

Methodological Choice
When conducting research one of the first steps is to choose whether to use a qualitative
or quantitative research method. Quantitative methods mainly focus on data which can
be described with numbers while qualitative methods focus on words. However,
Silverman (2012) states that numbers are not absent in qualitative research.
One major distinction, according to Silverman (2012), between qualitative and
quantitative research methods is that qualitative methods usually begin with a
hypothesis which is then tested on a large number of randomly selected cases,
qualitative methods on the other hand do not necessarily start from a hypothesis and the
cases are fewer but more extensive. Qualitative methods aim to explain the meaning of
why something happens while quantitative methods focus mainly on behaviour and how
it happens (Silverman 2012). According to Paulsson and Björklund (2007) Qualitative
methods are used if the author aims to find a deeper understanding of a specific subject,
event or situation as the method allows the author to dive deeper into specific situations.
However, the ability of generalization between cases is lower for a qualitative study as
there are fewer cases of comparison (Paulsson and Björklund, 2007).
Qualitative methods often start from data collection or a mixture between collecting
data and finding suitable theory while quantitative methods in most cases start from a
clear theoretical framework and then collect the data needed for the study (Paulsson and
Björklund, 2007).
The methodological choice is central and has to fit the purpose of the study. The method
should work as a tool for the researcher and grant him/her guidelines for answering the
research questions of the thesis (Svensson & Ahrne 2016).
I decided to use a qualitative methodology for my study as I seek a deeper knowledge of
the innovation processes of organisations. Silverman (2012) states that qualitative
methods give a deeper insight into what is happening in “real life”. The form of
qualitative methods I decided to use is interviews. Interviewing is the most common
form of qualitative research mainly due to the flexibility of the research style (Bryman
& Bell 2011). Interviewing, transcription, and analysis are all very time consuming, but

40

Alexander West

they can be easily tailored into a schedule which makes interviews a highly efficient
research method (Bryman & Bell 2011).
Different Types of Interviews
The structured interview, also known as the quantitative interview, is used when the
researcher has a clear set of questions that need to be answered in order to maximize the
reliability and answer certain key questions (Bryman and Bell, 2011). The lessstructured qualitative interview on other hand grants space for generality so the
interviewees can express their own perspectives.
The structured interview is bound to the interviewer’s questions and it has a low degree
of flexibility as it is used to obtain “on-topic” answers to specific questions. The less
structured qualitative interview on the other hand gives the interviewer the flexibility to
ask any question that seems relevant and comes to the interviewer’s mind (Bryman and
Bell, 2011). The flexibility gives the interviewer a way to change the emphasis of the
interview depending on the direction it is going towards. Different topics and issues can
be discussed to obtain the perspective of the interviewee (Bryman and Bell 2011).
The upside of structured interviews is however, that they are time-efficient and the
answers that can be easily coded and processed (Bryman and Bell 2011). Quantitative
interviews are usually conducted when the researcher needs to collect many answers to
some specific questions. The downsides are the lack of flexibility and not always
getting full answers from the interviewees.
Qualitative interviews often vary from each other based on the level of their structure.
The two main forms of qualitative interviews are unstructured and semi-structured
interviews.
The semi-structured interview is based on a guide of rather specific questions made by
the researcher. This framework is known as an interview guide (Bryman and Bell 2011).
Even though the guide has specified questions the interviewee still has space to shape
his/her own perspective. The interviewee is not regulated by the guide and can speak of
what he or she finds important. The questions do not have to be asked in a particular
order in a semi-structured interview and the interviewer can choose to skip or add
questions if it feels relevant to the situation. The interview guide should work as a tool
41

Alexander West

for the interviewer and should not be a restriction. If the interviewer picks up on
something in the interview, he/she can choose to develop it further but overall, the
researcher should strive to cover most of the questions in the interview guide (Bryman
and Bell 2011).
An unstructured interview does not consist of ready-made questions, the researcher can
have a general question that he/she uses as a tool for guiding the interview but otherwise
the interview runs freely. The interviewee can speak freely, and the researcher follows
up on the topics he or she finds relevant. An unstructured interview can be similar to a
discussion, but the researcher should still work as a guide for the interview when
needed. (Bryman and Bell 2011)
The structure-style I have chosen is the semi-structured one. Semi-structured interviews
with a question guide allows me to have supporting questions that can be adjustable to
the situation. As the topic for my study is innovation, I want to make sure that my
interviews focus on this topic. The reason why qualitative interviews are suitable for my
study is because innovation is not always a formal process and idea rendering can occur
through informal interactions and qualitative interviews allows me to dive deeper into
how people perceive the concept of innovation.

The Interviews in my study
I formed my interview guide with help of my supervisor Nina Kivinen and we strived to
cover as many subjects as possible for an interview lasting one to two hours. The
interviews I have conducted lasted for between 45 minutes to two hours and most of
them were personal interviews and one was done over the phone, as it was the only
suitable way for the interviewee.
Personal interviews are in my opinion the most suitable method when a researcher
needs more extensive data. As the interviews are done face to face the researcher can
also read the other person’s body language and tone to get a better sense of the context
(Björklund & Paulsson, 2007). My role as a researcher was to try to get the most
extensive answers possible and keeping the interviews on topic in the interviews.
According to Whiting (2008) a researcher should mainly ask questions and guide the
interview without interfering with what the interviewee is telling.

42

Alexander West

The interviews I have conducted can be considered as in-depth interviews as they cover
a large extent of different topics and as the length of the interviews have been over one
hour in most cases. According to Boyce and Neale (2006) in-depth interviews are
appropriate “when you want detailed information about a person’s thoughts and
behaviours or want to explore new issues in depth”. As I have been doing in-depth
interviews my role as a researcher has sometimes been a bit more active than just
controlling and asking questions as Whiting (2008) mentions. The in-depth interview
allows the researcher to use a guide for asking questions but also allows the interviewee
to focus on what he or she finds important and develop his/her opinion regarding a
topic. According to Legard, Keegan and Ward (2003) the key point of an in-depth
interview is to combine structure with flexibility. Kvale’s (1996:4) traveller’s metaphor
has been in focus for my study as I believe that my role as a researcher sometimes has
been to also explain the concept of innovation to the interviewees as many have been
very curious about the topic. Therefore, I think that my interviews can be seen as a form
of travelling where I, as a researcher, have been asking questions and awaiting answers
in order to travel to the deeper meaning of the concept of innovation.

43

Alexander West

Why the Maritime Cluster?
I wrote my thesis as a part of a project called the “IRM-Tool” which purpose is to bring
together the maritime industry with the creative industry to enhance innovative
activities. As I chose to be a part of this project my role was also to gather data from
people within the maritime cluster of Finland, so it was a natural choice for me to focus
on innovative activities within the maritime cluster.
The Maritime cluster is also very interesting as many consider it traditional which can
be perceived as the opposite of innovation. The maritime cluster of Finland is also
versatile and there are many different organisations within it. I have tried to include
different fields of the maritime cluster and different sized organisations in my thesis to
highlight the complexity of the cluster.
The maritime cluster is also of importance to the entire Finnish economy and studies on
its innovative activities have been done before. However, the research by Makkonen,
Inkinen, Saarni (2013) on the cluster was of quantitative nature and therefore my study
differentiates from it.
According to Björklund and Paulsson (2007) it is important that the author identifies
his/her knowledge at the start of the writing process and I also started with that and
identified my connections to the industry and then started reading literature about the
maritime sector and innovation in order to be more confident in the matter. After some
readings about the industry I started to conduct my research and it came to be quite
extensive in matter of organisations included.
Parts of the material I collected was used for the “IRM-Tool” project and it has also
somehow affected which organisations I chose to contact.
As the study is also focusing on the cluster, I have been trying to focus on organisations
in different parts in Finland, however, most of the companies are naturally located along
the coast.

44

Alexander West

Stories of people within the maritime cluster
The reason why I wrote stories about some of the people I have interviewed is to
introduce the reader to the people of the maritime industry. According to Forsberg
(2001), people tell stories about everyday activities and a world without stories would
be hard to imagine. Understanding a meaning and context is often easier for people if it
has been put into a story and that is also why I chose to write a few short stories about
people in the maritime cluster. At this point I want to point out that I have not
conducted a narrative analysis and the stories mainly work to highlight the people I
have interviewed in order to get a better of understanding of what people in the
maritime industry are like and how they perceive the concept of innovation.
Thematic Analysis
Later, I will focus my analysis on themes derived from my data. As I will analyse ten
interviews, I saw no other way than to do a thematic analysis. I will explain the main
factors that have an impact on innovation for organisations within the cluster. I will also
explain what makes it into a cluster and how different groupings act within the cluster.
The themes in my analysis will be derived from the theoretical chapter of my thesis and
will work as a link between the theoretical and empirical material. My theoretical
chapter is written to support the analysis and I personally see it as a functional entity.
I have tried to highlight the empirical material in the analysis by using quotes and more
extensive sections from my interviews. I will compare the similarities and the
differences of my material and discuss whether patterns for innovation can be seen or
not.

45

Alexander West

Strengths and Weaknesses
Writing a thesis is a process striving to achieve the best possible result (Seal, 1999).
However, as with every process problems and conflicts will occur along the way.
The strengths in my case have been regarding the project I have been working for in
many ways. The project has had a positive influence on my writing as it has made me
strive for a more sophisticated end-result, however, strengths and weaknesses still
mainly focus on the end-result of the thesis and therefore I will do so too.
The strengths of my thesis are a well-rounded chapter about innovation and clusters as
well as a strong empirical material of ten in-depth interviews. I wrote my second
chapter, innovation and clusters, after having read a large number of articles, books and
publications on the two subjects and afterwards I tried to build a clear, complex and
sophisticated chapter which I have succeeded to do, in my own opinion.
The empirical material I have collected takes the form of ten interviews with people
within the Finnish maritime cluster.
The interviewees of my study are from different organisations ranging from educational
institutions and NGOs to shipping companies and component manufacturers.
Then taking the weaknesses of the thesis into consideration they also regard the
empirical material. The collection of data and booking interviews with people within the
cluster has been everything but easy and therefore I decided to be satisfied with ten
interviews for my analysis. People in the industry seemed to be extremely busy and
most of the people I contacted did not respond or did not agree with taking part of the
study.
The other weakness of my thesis is something many struggle with and that is the time
aspect. In the begging I had plenty of time to focus on the theoretical framework for the
thesis, however, in the end I ran slightly out of time and my analysis could have been
better executed.
All in all, I am satisfied with my thesis and I hope the strengths outweigh the
weaknesses.

46

Alexander West

Ethical aspects of the study
Initially I would like to quote Clive Seal (1999) “because the idea of writing about how
one can do research is presumably aimed at giving other people some good ideas on
how they might proceed with their own studie” in order to provide insights why people
write about how studies can be conducted in a correct manner. When conducting a
study, the ethical aspects should always be taken into consideration and therefore I have
chosen to follow the principles of the Swedish Science Council’s (Vetenskapsrådet,
2002).
According to the Swedish Science Council (Vetenskapsrådet, 2002) there are four main
ethical principles in qualitative research regarding integrity protection of the informant.
The researcher should follow these principles in order to assure that the study has been
ethically conducted.
The first principle is the obligation of information. The person who is taking part of the
study should be aware of what his/her part of the study is and how the collected material
will be used in the study. The information given to the person participating in the study
can be described in a broader or lesser extent depending on the persons role in the study.
When informing a person of the study the researcher should include what topic he or
she is researching and who is responsible for the study. If it is a project, as in my case, it
is good to mention the name of the project manager as well.
Before conducting an interview, I have always sent an e-mail with information about the
project and my study in order to make sure that the people have been well informed.
Some have also requested more information about the project or the topic of my
interview questions and in these cases, I have provided them with more detailed
information.
The second principle is the obligation of consent. If a qualitative research method, in
my case interviews, is used then the person being interviewed is an active participant of
the study and then consent is always required. I have received written consent from all
my informants, and I have used the same form throughout the entire study. All my
informants are aware how I am using the collected data.
47

Alexander West

The third principle is the principle of usage. The data collected in the study should only
be used in the purpose that has been informed to the participants. Generally, the
research data should not be used for commercial purposes unless the participants has
agreed to that. In my case the data I have collected will also be used for parts of the
project “IRM-Tool”, however, all my participants have been aware and agreed on it.
The fourth and last principle is the obligation of confidentiality. The researcher should
always handle the collected data confidentially and not leak any sensitive material that
can be connected or affect an informant negatively. The researcher should also make
sure that the informants cannot be easily identified and that other sensitive information,
for instance market secrets, is not leaked or handled incorrectly. Formal agreements are
often made before conducting for instance an interview and in my case I have used a
standard EU-form which have provided the informants with what he or she needed to
know about how the data will be handled and how it will be used.
These four principles that I now mentioned are used to reassure the informants that the
research is done in a correct manner. In addition to these principles the researcher
should also interpret the collected material as correctly as possible and in case of radical
statements the researcher can contact the informant to make sure that he or she is being
refereed to correctly. Moreover, the researcher should also inform all people who have
taken part of the study where it will be published.

48

Alexander West

List of informants
Title:

Organisation Type

Organisation
Size

Nick

Naval Architecht and Project Manager

Ship Design,

Large

Cluster
Development
Sam

Training Director (& CEO and founder

Education & Sales

Medium/Large

Managing Partner, Business

Agency &

Small/Medium

Dvevelopment

Component

for his own company)
Anton

Provider
Peter

Environment Manager

Ferry/shipping

Large

Company
Carl

Head of Customer Business

Ferry Company

Large

Ship Design

Medium/Large

Component

Medium

Development
Matt

Head of Special Vessel Projects

Jonathan CEO

Production
Daniel

CEO

Port

Medium/Large

Steve

Head of Group Marketing, Sales and

Shipping Company Large

Customer Service, Board Member
Tom

Project Manager

NGO

Small

49

Alexander West

Stories of people in the maritime cluster
Here I will tell ten stories about people in the maritime cluster. This will be done to give
the reader insights into what kind of people are in the cluster and why they have chosen
a career path in the maritime field. I will also tell stories about innovation and how
people have perceived these innovations.
The people in the stories will be referred to with names I have made up and the
companies they work at will not be specified.

Interview 1 - Nick – Ship Design
Competencies, advancements, and education
The first person I interviewed was a person with a long and steady maritime
background. The person had two higher diplomas, one M.Sc. in Business and
economics and a master’s degree in naval architecture. Nick had worked in the industry
first in a mainly business-oriented role, but then realized that a degree in engineering
would be necessary to make a career within the industry. According to Nick, managers
with no technical background tend to not last very long in maritime companies as
technological knowledge is a key asset in the industry.
Nick said that the maritime industry can be seen as quite a traditional and conservative
industry in many ways, but it is also innovative and promotes new thinking at the same
time. The industry has been described as conservative in the way that age and higher
management positions often go hand in hand and some people working in companies
have had a “we tried it before and it didn’t work, why would it work now”?-approach to
new products and services. However, the industry is changing and seems to be going
towards a more open attitude where trying new solutions is becoming the new way of
thinking. Experience is still highly valued in the industry and it can sometimes be
frustrating for young professionals as it can be quite challenging to make a “cometcareer” in the industry (compared to other sectors such as IT). The marine industry can
also be quite a “tough” industry in some respects, and it might require some “thick skin”
in order to advance. The industry is highly represented by men, and female
professionals can sometimes have a hard time making themselves heard if they are not

50

Alexander West

willing to stand their ground in certain situations. However, Nick still said that gender
plays a minor role in the industry as the most valued asset is knowledge. If you have the
knowledge required and you are self-confident then you will have no problem to make
personal progress.

Stability, Technology, and Innovation
The maritime industry also has its own economic cycles and is sometimes quite an
unstable industry as organisations rely heavily on each other. Tackling recessions can be
difficult for companies within the maritime cluster and therefore they always have to
stay economically prepared for worse times. The competition from Asia has also been
increasing over the last decades and therefore the Finnish cluster needs to differentiate
itself with high-tech solutions and using our technological competencies to remain
competitive. The technological competencies we possess also gives us the opportunity
to innovate and Nick told me about a few of their successful innovations.
One of the radical innovations Nick told me about was a new kind of “bulker” ship
which allowed the ship to open the mid-part so it could carry more ballast. Bulkers had
traditionally been quite “simple” ships with low-tech technology that could be massproduced easily, and customers were not looking for any new solutions. The company
that Nick worked for at the time started to create a new kind of bunker with high-tech
solutions, that are generally used for more advanced ships, such as cruise-liners and
other large ferries. The process was quite intense, and the company experienced quite a
lot of trouble during the way, the person said: “If we were to look back at the process
everything would point at just cancelling it, but we held on. And the innovation came to
be a huge success which gave us almost the entire market share for some time”.
Nick told me that the company got very involved in the innovation-process and
sometimes it can be hard to choose whether to continue a process or not. Nick also said
that innovation processes do not always follow a strict pattern, but engineers and
professionals tend to want to put everything in a formal model in order to see it more
clearly. An innovation can also be regulated by customers as people are not always
“ready for new innovations”. Some technology might seem too extreme and
51

Alexander West

revolutionizing and therefore some people can be frightened of using it. If we look at
the automation innovations going on in the cluster today, we can see that most people
look forward to it, but some are still sceptical and do not believe in the technology.
According to Nick the make or break for autonomous ships is at what point the
companies introduce autonomous ships. If the technology is released too early and an
accident happens people will most likely not be so willing to continue the development
process and therefore the success of autonomous ships relies heavily on if it is
introduced at a point when the technology and legal framework are “ready”.

52

Alexander West

Interview 2 – Sam – Education & Sales
The second person I interviewed was educated in maritime management and technology
but had worked for the last year with education and training related sales. Sam said that
he decided to leave the sea and the ships, where he worked as a captain, as it is very
time consuming and that he wanted to spend more time with his family. In this text, I
will refer to the person as “Sam”.
Sam said that Finland in general is one of the foremost countries when it comes to
education and providing training not only for students but also for companies and
governmental institutions. The company Sam works for provides tailor made solutions
to other actors in the maritime cluster. Sam is constantly in communicating with other
companies making sure everyone is satisfied with the services provided. Sam also
works with creating education programs for students and the latest education-innovation
is in form of a new master’s program for autonomous maritime solutions. The idea for
the program first came from a customer, who wanted Sam’s company to develop a
training program for their personnel. However, Sam and the team saw more potential
than just a training program and therefore decided to develop a new education dedicated
to autonomous maritime solutions.
According to Sam, knowledge from outside the maritime cluster is quite often used
when creating innovations, depending on the field of course. For educational services
people within the maritime industry tend to look at what has happened in flight and
aerial management as safety and new ways of working tend to be well-developed there.
He also thinks that the aerial sector can influence technological development for the
maritime industry.
When it comes to other innovative activities, Sam has also developed his own company
focusing on VR-solutions for maritime safety training. Sam did not think that his
innovation was something that radical as he said it is a “natural step” for safety training.
The VR-solution is highly flexible, and people can use it almost wherever they are,
however, the main purpose is that people can do the trainings on their workplace (onboard ships). The development of the technology has been done by Sam and an external
IT-team that provides the software needed for it to work. The communication has been
very good between the two parts even if Sam said that “they don’t speak the same
language” (referring to code). Sam believes that it is very important to sit down with the
53

Alexander West

team and talk through how the implementation is being conducted and he says that it is
a form of teamwork. When it comes to Sam’s role in his company, he is responsible for
coining ideas and the pedagogical part of the service. Sam says that it is very important
to believe in the idea you develop and even if he is working full-time for another
company, he has time to develop his own idea in his free time. Sam said laughing that
“he has not sat down watching TV for as long as he can remember” as all extra time
goes into the development of his own company. Sam thinks that innovation is about
finding the best solution and therefore it is also important to communicate with
customers and partners. One problem Sam raised was the strict schedules and not being
able to sit down with colleagues as “many great ideas are generated in the coffee room”.
If you put people with knowledge and similar interest together idea-generation will
occur and therefore more time could enhance innovative and creative thinking.

54

Alexander West

Interview 3 – Anton – Agency & Component Provider
The third person I interviewed will be referred to as Anton. Anton is an engineer who
has worked in different countries throughout his career. He is an odd one out in the
sense that he is one of the only ones I interviewed who has not pursued a career
completely in the maritime industry. Anton started to work as a salesperson and
technician at one of the largest global firms before finding his way to the maritime
industry. According to Anton, the main difference between the maritime industry and
other sectors is that the maritime industry is “smaller” in a sense and also more
traditional. Another significant thing is also that you can trust people within the Finnish
maritime cluster and “if you agree on something the agreement will last”. But trust also
works both ways and Anton said that the products of their company have a kind of
“quality mark” as the customers trust the company to sell functioning solutions. So
according to Anton it is very important to keep the customer satisfied and always
provide service and replace malfunctioning parts. The company Anton is working for is
an agency selling refined technical solutions/equipment and parts for both the maritime
industry and other sectors. Anton has been working plenty with the maritime industry
and says that communication is extremely important. The company also arranges its
own fair for customers and the companies the agency is representing. In this way
people can meet up and discuss and get better information about technology and how
the solutions work as “no one would buy a solution from a web-shop without knowing
how it works”. Anton also said that it is important for him to make sure that the
customers are well informed about a product and therefore he often has the company he
is representing with him on call when presenting a product to a customer. Anton is also
travelling around quite a lot and meeting up with the companies he represents in order
to have the latest knowledge and know-how.
Anton also says that national background plays it part when it comes to communication.
According to Anton it is easier to communicate with other Scandinavian/Nordic
countries as they have similar ways of trading as we have in Finland and because they
are also highly trustable.
When a company within the maritime cluster decides to buy a new product from
Anton’s company it is often because an old solution is not working anymore or if a new
ship is being built. According to Anton “companies do not buy new products just to try
55

Alexander West

them out” and the products always must be tested in advance before the company buys
the solution. Compatibility is a key aspect when it comes to new solutions, a new
product needs to work well with the other parts to function.
Other aspects may vary from customer to customer and shipping companies tend to buy
products with a long life cycle and the price is not always the decision maker, a high
quality and reliability is needed for the product as it is often used for a long time (10-15
years). When shipyards places orders for a new ship price and the ability to place larger
orders are more in focus.
When it comes to customers, they usually do not buy new parts because they want to, it
is mainly because they need to, according to Anton. Payback time is also in focus when
it comes to customers and generally a product needs to re-pay itself in 3-5 years. If a
customer for instance changes an oil filter the savings need to be large enough so it will
be considered an investment that repaid itself in this amount of time. Repayment time is
a hard aspect as the solutions need to pay themselves back in a short amount of time
even though the customer tends to use the product for a longer time. Anton said that
they have had some customers who have changed parts not only to make profit but
because the solutions are more environmentally friendly, but this is not the usual case.
The company Anton works for also provides services for other sectors than the
maritime industry and Anton said that they will probably focus more on them in the
future as the maritime industry is quite unstable and unpredictable. The recessions in the
industry can be quite challenging for companies and therefore Anton said that his
company will focus on other industries as well, so they do not have to rely as heavily on
the maritime industry.

56

Alexander West

Interview 4 – Peter – Shipping Company
The fourth person I interviewed will be referred to as Peter. Peter is the head of
environment and environmental solutions for the company he works for and sees it as
the melody of today. The shipping company Peter works for have two main focuses:
transporting people and transporting goods. Environmental solutions are something the
company focuses heavily on and according to Peter there would be no other way than
adapting and becoming more environment focused. Peter says that environmental
solutions can be quite hard to communicate to the customers/passengers as they do not
necessarily see the solution itself. The company both focuses on creating sustainable
solutions for the ships but also tries to make the passenger think more sustainable. The
passenger ferries have guidelines and information about what happens with trash and
food waste and actively tries to make people, for instance, take less food on the plate
and instead take more food after you finished the first dish in order to minimize food
waste.
When it comes to technological solutions for the ships the company have tried to install
new technology to make the ships more sustainable. This development started in the
early 2000’s when phosphorus-directions were introduced, and ships had to become
more environmentally friendly. Policies and regulations on pollution and stricter
environmental requirements for the Baltic Sea region are one of the strictest in the world
and therefore companies operating in the regions need refined environmental solutions
for their ships. Peter said that this can sometimes feel a bit tricky in order to remain
competitive as many other regions in the world have looser rules and do not need as
sophisticated solutions. However, environmental solutions also provide savings in other
ways. Peter said that his company have been working with an innovation-process for
reducing the usage of electricity on the ships. By lowering the usage of electricity, the
fuel consumption will also go down and then costs are also reduced. Peter said that the
process has been very successful and has mostly been focusing on technical solutions
and an increased usage of automatization and compatibility in the engine rooms with
frequency driven pumps and other solutions.
Regarding innovation and communication, Peter says that shipping companies in
Finland and Sweden share technological knowledge in some extent. By meeting with
the shipping company-federation a company can get new ideas for making their ships

57

Alexander West

more innovative and finding new technological solutions. However, all solutions do not
work for all companies and even if a company were to purchase a new ship there are
many factors that must be take into consideration. When it comes to fuel for instance
there are many new solutions, but the availability of these fuels can be somewhat
regulated. Electricity and the smaller ferries trafficking routes in Finland have also been
something Peter’s company has been following. However, Peter said that there can still
be complications with harsh weather and whether the capacity of such ferries is high
enough.
In general, Peter hopes that older ferries and ships in Finland will be replaced with new
solutions and he thinks and hopes that people will look to new innovations and
solutions.

58

Alexander West

Interview 5 – Carl – Ferry Company
The fifth person I interviewed will be referred to as Carl. Carl works as a Chief Project
Manager in one of the largest ferry companies operating on the Baltic Sea. Carl has
been in the maritime industry almost his entire career and he has a M.Sc. in Business
and Economics as well as a B.Sc. in Law. Carl started his career in Sweden where he
worked with projects, advancing to a project manager in the same company he works
for today. Carl compared the Swedish way to the Finnish way of doing things and said
that people in Sweden tend to be slightly more including when it comes to projects and
also slightly more open to trying new things.
Currently Carl is situated in Finland and he is working as a key manager for projects
and management within the organisation. The company Carl works for is a ferry
company focusing on tourism and transport of people (and goods to some extent). Carl
therefore works with a large variety of tasks and projects and therefore some
development- and innovation-processes are more time consuming than others. Carl told
me about some successful incremental innovations in the company, such as: an
improved check-in system for passengers, the ability for passengers to choose a better
position for their car and cabins with greater comfort. Carl refers to these projects as
something he calls “innovation lite”. Even though these innovations may be small, they
are still profitable for the company according to Carl. Being able to identify a problem
and solve it is one of the key aspects of making customers happy, and often if a
customer wants a solution, he/she is also willing to pay for it. When it comes to
innovation and change in general Carl is not so sure how adaptive people are.
“Människor har svårt att motta förändringar överlag, människor gillar igenkänning
rutiner och samma sak. Man måste bli bättre på att motta innovation men det kan ändå
vara svårt både för kunder och inom företag.” People find it difficult to accept changes
in general, people like routines and things they can recognize. You have to be better at
accepting innovations, but that can be difficult both for customers and the firm.”
Now Carl is working on two larger projects, one is about creating a membership
program for their customers’ and the other is about utilizing space on their new ship that
is currently being built. Carl has had experience from the launching of a ship as he was
engaged in the process of introducing their last ship. According to Carl, the latest
launching process was highly successful, and the company then had a lot of innovations
59

Alexander West

to introduce to the market. One of the main innovations was a new eco-friendlier
propellant, which the company was the first in the world to use for a larger ship. They
also had many innovations on utilizing space and improving logistics on the ship, those
were not always communicated to the market, but they made processes more efficient.
As mentioned, Carl thought that the process was successful, and a high media presence
was given to the company both by national and international press. Carl said that
usually the international press does not give us that much attention, so he was glad to
see that they found interest in the launch.
On the ship that is now being built, Carl said that the company will use the same
propellant as it is more eco-friendly, silent and more cost efficient in the long run. The
technical innovations that will be implemented in the new ship will focus to a large
extent on lighting and ventilation and tailoring these to fit customer needs. As
ventilation is quite energy consuming for a ship a more optimized system can save
money for the company as well as providing the customers with a better experience.
When it comes to planning a new ship, different people in the company have different
responsibilities. The CEO is responsible for capacity and concept while Carl in this case
is responsible for creating a process. “So, when I started planning the processes for
concept it was important to me that I engaged different groups of people. I contacted
customers and colleagues and created workshops to gather as much information and
knowledge as possible. For me it was very important to focus on: gender, experience,
and age to gain different perspectives on topics so I arranged the groups into categories
where like-minded thinkers were in the same group. This was done as people tend to
think differently and to see different opinions from different groups”.
According to Carl it is better to always consult and speak to a mix of people when a
process is being carried out as the discussion otherwise tends to be “coloured” from
senior participants. One of the challenges in their company is according to Carl that it is
largely represented by men and Carl always thinks that including both men and women,
and also having a variety of age creates the best solutions. If one group, either men or
women, is overrepresented the results are generally not as good and wide covering as if
the group had been mixed up a little.

60

Alexander West

“Så om vi börjar då med den delen som jag kan då utan och innan, det är mitt ansvar
att sätta upp en process för det här och det är ju ingen företagsprocess vi har för det
utan företaget anförtror mig med att, jo du brukar, vi tror på att du klarar av det här.
Det som är viktigt för mig då är att några måste ju alltid ta besluten men jag vill ju att
vi ska få all feedback. Om vi tar då kapacitet så har jag dykt långt ner i siffrorna och
analyserat, analyserat för att ta fram en bra modell enligt mig. Men det är ju mer en
algoritm. Men koncepten, det som lockar kunderna och får dem att tycka men det här är
en bra produkt så där har vi varit noga med att dels involvera kunder och sen när jag
har haft kollegor som har varit involverade i den här processen så där när vi gjorde
workshoppar var det väldigt viktigt för mig att jag tänkte på: kön, ålder och erfarenhet.
Så när jag delade in grupper så tänkte jag medvetet att jag sätter dom yngre tjejerna i
en grupp, och de med mycket erfarenhet i en grupp och de som är chefer i en grupp.
Och just det här med output så man märker att tjejer tänker lite annorlunda än killar
om man ska generalisera. Annars blir det lätt så att man har en kille eller tjej, spelar
ingen roll, som sitter i en grupp och så är en VD där och dom åsikterna blir mer
dominanta och färgar det som gruppen ska presentera för hela workshoppen. Det här
är en utmaning för oss och vår koncernledning, det är väldigt mycket killar, även vår
styrelse så har vi ganska mycket män och det där är något som jag har sett
återkommande. Blir det för mycket killar, blir det för mycket tjejer så tappar man
någonting att det lönar sig alltid att ha en blandning och det samma gäller ålder.”
(Olika grupper tänker olika)
“Lanceringen av XXXX var väldigt lyckad, det var något som vår förra VD gjorde bra.
Vi fick otroligt mycket media utrymme, en del av uttalanden var lite skarpa i min smak
och vissa var lite svartvita men i stort sätt var lanseringsprocessen en stor framgång”.
”När XXXX kom hade vi en hel del innovationer att berätta om. Just kring
miljöpåverkan, sustainability, LNG som var första gången i världen det användes på ett
stort fartyg så det var frågan om jätte innovationer”. ”Även mycket nytt ombord och
logistiska innovationer som vi kanske inte direkt berättar åt marknaden. Det är frågan
om know-how från mina kollegor och då har man ritat väldigt effektiva kundutrymmen
och logistiklösningar. Jag har många kollegor som är jättebra på det där med att spara
tid och göra det effektivt, det är vi duktiga på.” ”Vi fick jättemycket uppmärksamhet
kring lanseringsprocessen också av den internationella pressen som annars inte
kommer och åker med oss så ofta.”
61

Alexander West

Interview 6 – Matt – Ship Design
The person in the sixth interview will be referred to as Matt. Matt is a naval architect
who comes from another north-European country, but he has spent the most part of his
professional life in Finland (over 20 years). During his studies, Matt attended traineeprograms in Finland and one of the reasons why Matt decided to re-locate to Finland
was because his main interest is cruise ships. Matt has worked with tasks ranging from
planning and designing and he is now a manager who is responsible for planning and
monitoring processes within his company. Matt has worked for a larger company before
he decided to switch company and now works for an international ship-design bureau
with its roots in Finland. The company has offices around the globe, but the
headquarters is in Helsinki and other offices are also situated in Finland.
The first topic we started to discuss was regulations and how they affect the maritime
industry. Regulations are there for a reason and they work with a “multitude of things”.
“One of the things is safety and no one wants to be perceived as unsafe, no matter the
industry, but most times being safer than the regulations means less cost-efficiency and
there are only a very few owners that are willing to go beyond. So, you are always in
the range where everyone wants to be safe, but no one wants to put a surplus of money
into that.” And the same with the whole environmental regulations, everyone sees the
benefit from it, but from a business point of view a business must be profitable and
viable, which is what most companies are aiming for. And even if you are not aiming
for that you still need healthy profit margins otherwise you will be out of business. In
general, the restrictions are global but there are regional restrictions, for instance the
Baltic area, but Finland alone has never been more restricted than other countries.
Finland has never initiated any restrictions on its own, it has always been in corporation
with the other Baltic States. The Baltic region always try to be more on the safe and the
green side compared to other regions and it tends to be more forward.
Matt states that every region have different problems and therefore they can be hard to
compare, Australia and California also have their regional problems which are
completely different than the ones in the Baltic area. Regions influence competitiveness
as most companies grow out of their regional market and starts operating more globally.
Matt said that there are many sectors within the maritime industry that would not
survive if they completely had to rely on a local market as there would not be enough
62

Alexander West

business. Ship designers and other developers needs to function on a global perspective
in order to stay up to date and they would simply not be able to maintain the standard
they have today if it was not for the global market. Companies tend to out-grow their
local markets as customers in general are limited there, however, national background
and how teams are arranged will in Matts opinion run more smoothly if people can
understand each other’s heritage and culture better. Matt has worked with team-setups
of different nationality and they always tend to reach the best solution in the end,
however, a team of people from similar cultures tend to reach the result faster than a
wider range of national backgrounds. (Similar cultures in this scenario: north European,
American, central European, Eastern Asia etc.)
The company Matt works for today has mainly been focusing on the cruise business,
refurbishing and also new production, but Matt’s role in the company is to identify
whether it has the knowledge to go beyond that and venture into new segments of the
market. When it comes to customers for the company Matt is working for he said that
“it is healthier for a smaller company to have a large range of customers, however, there
are some large customers who tend to come back”. The number of customers are at any
time a range 25 to 50 that they are designing and planning processes for. For Matt’s
companies the customers are mostly global, but they also have local customers who are
mainly focusing on the global market. Matt’s company offers a range of services when
it comes to ship design starting from the concept to calculation and ending in the
complete design of a ship/refurbishing. Detail work and supervision are also servicing
they provide and often the company supports its customers in a part of the process and
not always the entire development. Matt’s view on innovation processes is that they are
spiral in a way, in the sense that an innovation can never be fully complete, but a single
process is planned as a linear process (idea → development → testing → end-product
→ feedback).
When conducting a process in Matt’s company they do not have different departments
working on different questions instead they try to find the best expertise and create a
mixture of people suitable for the project. When it comes to time and management Matt
said that he always manages a few projects at a time, but as they often are in different
phases ha can find the time needed for each of them. Matt also said that projects for his
companies always are in some sort of budget and restrained by a time frame, but he
does not see it as a problem. The most important thing is to finish projects on time and
63

Alexander West

deliver to the customer. If more problems are identified during the project Matt and his
company often tries to set up a new project with the customer and create a new budget.
So, finishing one project on time and finding a solution is according to Matt more
important than always finding the most complex solution if it is not achievable in the
timeframe.
Problems that Matt have identified with projects is often the communication between
the customer firm and his company. Matt believes that people with a non-engineering
background (but a high understanding of technology and technical processes) could
benefit his company and the entire maritime industry as a form of communicator
between specialized maritime customers and the customer. Customers, especially
owners of companies and shipping companies, does not necessarily have specialized
maritime knowledge and therefore it can be challenging to convincing them why
something needs to be done. If projects and pitches could be done in a way that makes
understanding technical problems and solutions easier the maritime industry would
benefit from it. By combining creative people and maritime expertise to create a
functioning communication line between every part of the process it could be highly
beneficial for companies and customers.

64

Alexander West

Interview 7 – Jonathan – Component Producer
The person referred to as Jonathan is a person who has two degrees: one M.Sc. in
physics and one in business and economics. Jonathan has worked in the IT-sector before
founding a maritime company focusing on sustainable fuel-saving solutions. In the ITsector Jonathan was one of the people transforming a small IT-business into a large
venture with plenty of employees. After the company was publicly listed, Jonathan
started to look for new opportunities and key-business ideas in his network and he
found some people within his network with an already known idea that never had been
implemented in full scale. The device Jonathan and his company are producing is a
solution that was first introduced in the late 19h century but then the technology was not
advanced enough to make it work so the idea almost fell into oblivion.
Jonathan immediately liked the idea and founded his current company with the other
people. They started to conduct research on the idea as well as looking for financers and
after that trying to build a prototype which was shown to potential customers. The
forming and creation of the company was a rapid process. The first functioning
prototype was produced two years after the company was founded and it was
immediately tested on one of their customer’s ships. The first phase of the innovation
process was as mentioned quite fast but scaling the idea and finding new customers
came to be a more challenging part. Currently they are working with the leading
shipping companies in the world and already have more orders coming. The company is
still in a quite early phase and is working with expanding its business both on the
Finnish and the global market.
When the company developed the prototype, they had some minor hiccups and
challenges during the way, but Jonathan said that there were no major problems for the
process. According to Jonathan one of the strengths is their engineering team which is
on a high level and processes a lot of expertise. The other strength of the company is
their network, which consists of suppliers and subcontractors. With these strengths the
company has been able to tackle all issues they have had so far. As the company tries to
keep their core team quite small, they are also using external engineering services from
their suppliers and subcontractors.
When it comes to customers and other organisations’ knowledge about Jonathan’s
company, he says that they have gained quite some media presence even if they are not
65

Alexander West

yet that known, especially on the global market. The core innovator companies in the
maritime industry do know about the company and according to Jonathan that is the
most important part. As the innovation of Jonathan’s company is quite visible on ship it
has also attracted quite some attention and they are often contacted by people asking
what it is and how it is working. So far, the innovation has only been installed on cargoships, but it will be installed on passenger ships in the near future and Jonathan is
looking forward to see how people will react to it. First it will be installed on an already
existing passenger ship and the innovation is also planned to be installed on a passenger
ship that is currently being built. The innovation Jonathan’s company have developed is
a green solution that pushes the ship forward by generating power from wind and
currents. The innovation is quite visible and can sometimes be complicated to install on
different kinds of ship so therefore the company constantly have to develop the product
in order to fit on more ships and also trying to make it even more efficient. The higher
speed the ship travels with the more energy the innovation will produce, and the
innovation works in pretty much any weather conditions. The company is focusing only
on their main innovation and their R & D is focusing on creating incremental
innovations and improving the innovation.
When it comes to the industry Jonathan can say that the maritime industry is more
conservative than other industries, he has worked in. Companies in the IT-sector are for
instance more willing to implement new change and try innovations than companies in
the maritime-sector. However, Jonathan says that is quite logical as new technology
might endanger safety on a ship and in that way, it makes sense that the industry is more
conservative. Safety and weight are something Jonathan’s company always must take
into consideration when installing their innovation on a ship. Jonathan said that there
have been some problems installing it on for instance containerships as there is little
available space on them. However, the installation has worked well for most other types
of ships, but as Jonathan said “Ships are individuals” so the solution has to be fit a little
differently on each and every one. In order for the innovation to function the ships have
to be over a particular size, but Jonathan said that there is quite a big market for the
innovation considering how many ships there are. Currently the innovation is also being
produced in Europe (Finland and Poland) but the thought of the production is that the
product in the future will be produced as close to the customer as possible.

66

Alexander West

The reason why customer choose to buy the innovation is mainly because of business
purposes (Money saving in the long run) but innovator companies also see it as an
investment for the environment. And Jonathan agrees that stricter environmental
regulations have made a business opportunity for his company. From Jonathans
experience the Finnish maritime cluster is one of the most innovative in the world and
many innovations have spread from Finland all over the world. When it comes to
development and taking part of projects the company have been involved in different
projects funded by the Finnish government but has also take part in university projects
and projects with other actors on the market.

67

Alexander West

Interview 8 – Daniel – Port
Daniel is working in a higher management position for one of the harbours in Finland.
He has been in the logistics and the maritime industry for his entire career and he has
seen plenty of innovations that have changed the shipping industry. According to Daniel
the shipping industry is extremely important to Finland as 80 % of all export and import
is being freighted over sea. Sea transport has always been of great importance for
Finland and Daniel said that the internet and digitalization has meant a lot to the
industry. Today plenty of processes are digitalized and for instance when a ship arrives
they can submit a form online (which also remembers the ship) and register their freight
before entering the harbour which eliminates almost all paperwork. Harbours in Finland
are today joint-stock-companies that are working in close connection to both
governmental agencies as well as other companies. Daniel said that the processes has
become a lot smoother since the organisational structure has changed. The higher
management and the board can now take faster decisions and be more adaptive to
market change.
When it comes to infrastructure and investments in harbours there is a constant dialogue
going on. The cities and communes are responsible for harbour investments, but
infrastructure related to harbours are also of great importance as “goods tend to travel
where it is easiest”. So, it is important for harbours and communes to make sure that
roads and railways are being in good maintained so that goods can be transported to and
from the harbour in the easiest way. Other things that play a huge role in harbour
activities is logistic centres and other storage units. Daniel said that the harbours
investment in logistics centres was of great importance to his harbour as they drastically
helped business during the recession right before 2010. A differentiation of services is
according to Daniel also good for harbours and therefore they also decided to build
railway access to each of their terminal as you never know what will happen with the
railway in the future and whether or not it will open up for private actors on that market.
So even if a harbour is mainly focusing on sea freight there are a lot of different aspects
that has to be taken into consideration. When I asked Daniel about automatization, he
said that he highly believed in it and that digitalization already have helped them on the
way. Regarding maintenance, incremental innovations such as information-systems for
management and reparations have been implemented. These assists both managers and
68

Alexander West

employees with time management and knowing when and who will provide
maintenance for different machines and buildings on the harbour. Managers can also
monitor what is happening in the harbour as there are cameras registering activities and
what is happing in the harbour nowadays. Information storing technology has
eliminated almost all paperwork and as earlier mentioned it is easier for ships to register
their freight and report what needs to be done during the harbour visit. Automatization
has already created a lot of opportunities for handling goods faster and as Daniel said
“there is one machine for every person working in stevedoring nowadays. However,
some work still has to be done by hand as a machine for clamping goods in a ship
making sure it will be stable during the voyage is hard to develop”. In general,
innovations have transformed logistic services over the last tenths of years. The main
innovation and change have been the availability of information which smoothens most
processes in the logistics chain. When I asked how much Daniel’s harbour cooperates
with other harbours, he said that they have quite an extensive cooperation with other
harbours regarding sustainability, safety and legal questions. There is yet not too much
cooperation regarding information and the handling of information and as harbours
today are listed companies they have to make sure that they do not share critical
information, however, a cooperation regarding how information could be handled is
something Daniel sees as a good idea.
Daniel said that harbours in itself does not create so many innovations as their role is to
be responsive and adaptive to innovations happening in the industry. Their services
have to be compatible with modern ships and they have close communication and
cooperation with shipping companies in order to find working solutions to new
technology. For instance, when a company extended their ships and their old wharf
became too small, they had to make the decision with the company if they would
expand the current wharf or find another solution. The company and the harbour found
that the best solution in this case would be to change to another wharf in order to save
costs both for the company and the harbour.
When it comes to sustainable solutions and the harbour this is also a harbour where
ships can refill on LNG-gas, which is not able to find in every harbour. They decided to
add this function to the harbour as they are a part of a harbour program for modern
harbours in Europe. The harbour is also taking part of other projects and is having close
connections to other Scandinavian harbours as well. Together with another Swedish
69

Alexander West

harbour they are working with improving the communications and sea-transport
opportunities between the two cities.
When it comes to strategic decisions the harbour must take the decisions and try to
calculate how to get return on the investment. Again, Daniel gave the example of
logistics centres and the harbour believes in them and it is an investment meant to last
for tenths of years. When taking a strategic decision, the harbour is responsible for the
risk but without taking decisions the harbour operations would not continue so taking
strategic decisions is a crucial part of the work as a harbour manager. The harbour will
now also face some challenges as ships are larger than before but this is a challenge they
will have to tackle by rearranging traffic. Daniel said that there are three key activities
of the harbour he is working at and they are: Tourism, goods-shipping, and logistics
centres.
Another challenging task is trying to predict the future and what will be happening in
the maritime industry in the next years. Daniel said that planning goes in seven years
cycles and when they take a decision, they will try to see how it will look like in the
next seven years. As plenty of change is currently occurring it can be hard to predict the
future but something Daniel believes in is automatization, at least to some extent.
However, Daniel said that innovation never ends, and it is hard for us to say today what
will happen in the next seven years. Even if automatization is here then there will be
other new innovations going on. Daniel gave the example of logistics centres and how
the development have gone from almost fully manual to almost fully automatized
centres.
I had plenty of discussion with Daniel about the future and also the development that
have happened in the last fifty years and we both speculated in what will happen in the
next years and this came to be one of the main topics of the interviews: How can
companies make strategic decisions in today’s constantly changing society.

70

Alexander West

Interview 9 – Steve – Shipping Company

The ninth person I interviewed will be referred to as Steve. Steve is a higher manager
and member of the board in one of Finland’s largest shipping companies. This company
mainly focuses on goods-shipping but also transport people as a side business during
peak seasons. Steve had worked for the company since the 1980’s and he knew ever
since his studies that he wanted to work in the maritime industry. Steve has a M.Sc. in
business and economics and is specialized in logistics. Steve told me that he had worked
not only in Finland but also in Germany with tasks ranging from logistics to B2B- and
B2C-sales. Steve had a great knowledge of the company he is working in and could also
describe how managerial change had occurred in the company over the years. The
company currently has a non-Finnish owned, but the owner still decided not to re-brand
the company and kept the old name. First when the company was bought by the foreign
owners many were afraid that they would just obtain it and look for short term profit but
that was not the case. Since the recession in 2008 the new owner has taken the company
from near bankruptcy to shipping ballast in the same quantities as in its glory days
before the recession. The company believes in economics of scale and constantly
communicates with their customers to make the most viable solutions for both parts.
Scaling the business and increasing the size of ships also creates some regulations and
conflicts to the customer as the company might not be able to go to every harbour in
Finland. By compromising with the customer and making the customers see the value of
the scale-thinking solutions can be beneficial for both parts.
When it comes to innovation Steve said that their company is not going out to be the
most innovative company in any way. Before adapting to the innovation, they want to
see that it works and make sure that they benefit economically from the innovation.
Environmental and sustainability regulations have been a reoccurring topic for the
company and Steve said that the phosphorous-restriction was the most challenging for
the company and that plenty of change had to be made to the ships and almost all the
other regulations have been considered quite easy to fulfil after that. The propellant this
company is using is still fuel-oil or maritime diesel as they still see it as the most viable
solution as it is still the most cost-efficient for them but also as engines and technology
have gone through plenty of development in the last years so it is also more
environmental friendly than before. Marine diesel is also more viable for the company
71

Alexander West

as it is a propellant that is available at most harbours and as the company swaps their
ships on different routes, they all have to be capable for every route. The company have
followed the development of other fuel solutions but as earlier mentioned sees maritime
diesel as the best solution for this and maybe the next generation of ships.
When I asked Steve about profiling, he said that people do not know the value of the
maritime industry in Finland. 70-80 % of all goods shipping is still done through sea
transport and yet people only know the companies transporting people. Steve said that
he nowadays sees the shipping industry as a part of the entire logistics process and not
only as a part of the entire logistics process and not as an isolated entity and that the
cluster thinking within the industry has increased at least for Steve’s company.
When it comes to digitalization Steve’s company are taking part of different meetings
and projects for increasing digitalization. Steve said that the industry and his company
has been perceived as conservative and he can agree with that. Steve said that the
generation before him was very conservative to digitalization and that they had said in
the early 2000 that “we do believe in computers and we think that they will come to our
company at some point.” So quite a lot has happened since that. According to Steve his
company is to adapt to the market and utilize digitalization to the extent that benefits
their business. Steve IT and automatization has been a hot topic for the maritime
industry in the last time and his company is taking part of it but will not be the first to
adapt to a new solution. He also said that ship-fleet is not a significant cost for their
company so excluding the personnel from the ships is not the main point of
automatization. Steve emphasises the importance of automatization and navigation and
that a more efficient way of navigating also reduces fuel costs.

72

Alexander West

Interview 10 – Tom – NGO

The tenth person I interviewed will be referred to as Tom. Tom is a quite young
professional who has studied biology and environmental politics in Sweden. The reason
why Tom decided to apply for job in the maritime sector is because he has always been
passionate about the sea. Tom has sailed since a young age and spent a lot of time in the
Finnish archipelago. Tom is currently working as a project and communication manager
and is situated in Finland.
The organisation Tom works for is mainly focusing on environmental questions
regarding the Baltic Sea and Tom said that they do not focus that much on innovations
but mainly on environmental solutions and informing about the problems with the
Baltic Sea. Tom said that they are trying to inform people through the internet, by
lecturing at schools and by arranging different events. The NGO is mainly focusing on
sharing the information with private people and smaller companies but also have large
strategic partners in the maritime industry that they arrange projects with.
When I asked about different projects Tom told me about one that was about installing
garbage-disposal devices in docs so garbage would be gathered and stored and not sink
to the bottom of the sea. The project had been conducted with a large component
manufacturer who has a big role in the Finnish maritime cluster.
Another project had been about arranging different cleaning events that people could
attend to see how much garbage is gathered from beaches and the sea. The events were
also for the public and they had also arranged similar events with schools to inform
about the problems of throwing garbage into the sea. Tom said that people in general
have good knowledge about waste-handling and every person he has spoken with has
said that they do not throw anything into the sea. As many people share this opinion
Tom is still surprised that so much waste is thrown into the sea, but he said that it is
most likely as some garbage falls into the sea by mistake. In general, the garbage
situation in the seas and the archipelago has become slightly better but we still have a
long way to go. By actively thinking about waste disposal we can all help to improve
the situations of the seas, especially we who are living in cities located on the coast.
The latest project Tom and his organisation has been working with is a project about
trying to improve the pollution situation by improving the colours that is used to paint
73

Alexander West

boats with. Tom said that people today tend to use too strong colours in order to protect
the hull of their boats but that the colours are a lot stronger than what is needed for
boating in the Baltic Sea. Tom said that there are better solutions on the market and
some people are willing to spend more money for using them, but the main question is
that people are concerned whether they are “good enough”. By sharing information and
trying to get people to use the more environmentally friendly colours for hulls pollution
by private people could be reduced. Tom and his company have also spoken with
smaller companies who works with maintenance of boats and he said that some are
using more sustainable solutions, and others are not. One company Tom mentioned had
even created an innovative and sustainable boat-colouring arrangement which gathers
the overrun colour used and making sure it is not going into the ground (as it can
damage the environment).

74

Alexander West

Thematic Analysis
In this chapter I will analyse the themes derived from my interviews. I will highlight
how people have expressed themselves and focus on identifying the main factors
affecting innovation. I will also focus on the innovation processes of different
companies as there are many similarities but also differences when speaking of
innovation/development processes.
As I am doing an analysis of the Finnish maritime cluster my focus also lies on how
people view the cluster and how the cluster environment affects the companies they
work in. Inter-personal or inter-organisational relations will also be in focus as my
informants spoke quite openly about the connections they have to people in other
maritime companies.
Tell me exactly what you saw and what you think it means.
This topic will function as an introduction to my analysis and I will discuss about my
collection of data and how I interpreted it. To start with I would like to thank all my
informants for taking part of the study. The quote “Tell me exactly what you saw and
what you think it means.” is from the movie “Rear Window” by Alfred Hitchcock
(1954) and refers to the situation where Lisa speaks to Jeff about suspicious behaviour
in the apartment on the other side of the road from their apartment. My supervisor Nina
Kivinen reminded me of the quote, and I think it suits very well as an introductory
headline to the analysis of this thesis. This is because I have often needed to interpret
and relate the information of my informants to the context of their organisations and
their role in the maritime cluster.
Before beginning my analysis, I would like to highlight the differences between
companies within the maritime cluster, some are specialized in education, some in
passenger shipping while others focus on more “hard” technological solutions such as
component production and ship design. The word ship design is also not to be confused
with architecture as ship designers mainly focus on creating the best technical solutions
and processes for the building or restoration of ships.
Researching innovation can sometimes be hard as many people are not aware that they
innovate more than they may think. Innovation has, as earlier mentioned, always
75

Alexander West

occurred even if the word has not become “trendy” until recent years (Rehn, 2017).
When speaking about innovation it is important to have questions wide enough so that
the informant can focus on different subjects relating to the concept. What I have
noticed from my interviews is that a distinction can be made between people and the
way they speak of innovation: one group is very aware of the concept and the definition
of it whilst the other is less aware and prefers to speak of innovation as different
“development processes”.
From what I have noticed, informants who speak about “development processes” are
actually speaking of innovation, often of the incremental kind. Benner and Tuschmann
(2004) refer to incremental innovation, and in this case “development processes”, as
something needed for maintaining the current market position and improving core
competencies in line with new technological development. Organisations and firms
within the Finnish maritime cluster seem to constantly improve their products and
services, however, there also seems to be a risk-averse-thinking in the cluster as
processes can be expensive and have to be functional or severe consequences may
occur, there are many regulations and guidelines for safety and technology as a ship
“has to float”.
The incremental innovation processes seem to be occurring naturally for organisations
as they tend to find solutions to problems when they occur. The term “Innovation” is
something that most of my informants immediately connect to radical innovation and
most of them seem to think that innovations must be ground-breaking and market
changing in order to be classified as innovations. This confusion about the concept may
result in people not knowing their organisation’s innovation capacity. An increased
awareness that minor incremental development processes are also innovations might
increase innovative thinking within the cluster. Some of my informants almost felt
freighted by the word “innovation” as it was such an enormous concept to them.
Themes related to innovation also play a large role in my thematic analysis as
innovation is influenced by a large number of factors. The topic I will start with is
tradition vs. new thinking and how hierarchy and organisational structures affect
innovative thinking and organisational innovation capacity. All my informants have
stated that the maritime industry is often considered as traditional. This is largely due to
the fact that large investments are involved for many companies and an unwillingness
towards trying new solutions mainly lies in the fear of losing investments.
76

Alexander West

Stability and secure payback times on new technological investment is a key focus for
technical innovations.
The other factor that has an impact on traditional thinking is how highly organisations
within the maritime cluster value experience. Managers tend to value experience highly
as it is needed to understand complex processes and to understand what drives owners
and investors to invest into new solutions. Experience also allows people to make faster
decisions based on insights from previous projects.
When it comes to the management of people, innovations, and projects, all
organisations have clear frameworks for how processes and everyday activities should
be carried out. Rehn (2017) states that innovation management is about finding
functional ways of managing people and processes, this is also something I noticed with
the organisations I have included in my thesis. Managing innovation seems to strongly
correlate with managing experts for maritime companies. The organisations of my
informants seemed to highly value specific competencies, often of the engineering kind.
A quote from my first interview with Nick is something that I found suitable at this
point and which also describes the situation in the cluster well:
Managers with no technological background do not tend to last too long in maritime
industry as a technological understanding is needed for understanding the projects and
processes that are being carried out in organisations. - Nick
This view and appreciation of technological knowledge is something that will reoccur in
many of my themes as it has been a reoccurring theme throughout my interviews.
However, the curiosity of finding new ways and non-engineer competencies for tackling
problems and finding new solutions is also something that managers within the cluster
seem to have.
With this said I will continue to my first theme, traditional vs. new thinking.

77

Alexander West

Traditional vs. new thinking
To fully understand the maritime industry, it is important to keep in mind that it is often
considered traditional and change occur at a slower pace than in other industries.
However, change is constantly occurring in every field, and to fully understand how
people within the maritime industry perceive innovation, we must also understand the
background of the industry.
Conservative thinking has its origins from far back, as ships are bound to large
investments and require lots of safety regulations. For a ship to be put into traffic it must
fulfil many safety and environmental criteria, and this often resulted in organisations
focusing on the basics and the demands from authorities rather than coming up with
new solutions. However, as change is becoming faster with new technological
development the maritime industry also must consider thinking in new patterns.
The proudness of working within the industry is something I noticed in most of my
interviews. This is something I believe that relates to the pressure from authorities and
customers within the cluster. It is crucial that a solution works for maritime companies
as safety and quality is always of highest importance and knowing you can provide
service of a high standard always gives a sense of pride.
The headline of this thesis “From artisan work to automatization” is a quote by my
interviewee Nick and it is very descriptive of what is currently happening in the
industry.
Innovations have had a great impact on the maritime industry throughout history and as
Lane (1963) described the introduction of the compass in 13th century Italy we can see
similar, more contemporary innovations that have changed the maritime industry
drastically. Daniel, who has over 30 years of experience of the maritime industry, said
that he had witnessed a lot of change in the last twenty years and the most radical of
these was the computerization and digitalization of the industry. He said that it came to
change the entire industry and integrated logistics into the maritime business in a
completely new way. However, digitalization was just the start of a new era within
maritime industry and today many actors within the Finnish maritime cluster invest

78

Alexander West

greatly into the framework for automatization and self-operating ships (Työ- ja
elinkeinoministeriö, 2016).
The artisan type of work in the Finnish maritime cluster has always been of great impact
as many parts and components have been manufactured by expert artisans who usually
had practiced their tasks and skills for a long time within organisations. Nick said that
he is currently observing how organisations go from a “Mike has always done it and
produces the best solutions” to a more automatized hi-tech style of working. This is
probably also a trace for why expertise is so highly valued in the maritime cluster.
Technical expertise and experience in general are key-success factors for professionals
according to Nick. The experience driven culture of maritime organisations can create
more traditional organisational cultures as the age of higher professionals tend to be
high compared to other industries. As Lifshitz-Assaf (2017) showed in her studies,
about managing research it can be difficult for organisations to introduce new
paradigms as the expertise of people within the organisation can be challenged. As
Employees in maritime organisations often are experts at higher ages, organisations can
sometimes be more reductant to change and innovation than if there would be a mix of
people of different age and in different situations.
In this chapter I will now introduce some quotes which I feel fit the headline
“Traditional vs. new thinking” well. The first quote I chose to use is by Nick and
provides further explanation to why the maritime cluster of Finland can be traditional
and experience driven.
You should have a good technical base-knowledge, but you should also have practical
experience. And the more you have seen in practical life the better it is. And this is
maybe the reason why we have quite a lot of elderly people in the field… -Nick
(Du borde ha en bas teknisk kunskap men sen borde du ha det där praktiska kunnandet. Och ju mer du sett i praktiska livet desto
bättre är det. Och det är kanske orsaken till varför vi har en hel del äldre på branschen... – Nick)

The maritime industry is often considered traditional and old-fashioned. And when I
conducted my interviews, I asked my informants what they thought of the field and each
of them answered something like “It has been considered a traditional field…” but there
was also a “but”. Most of my informants perceived the maritime industry as a traditional
79

Alexander West

industry that has started to go through change. People in the industry are changing and
plenty of new expertise is coming in, both from young professionals but also from
international people and companies. Foreign investors are getting involved in
companies that have been “traditionally Finnish” and a whole lot of new technology is
being implemented. The change from artisan work to a more hi-tech industry has been
occurring for some time now in the maritime industry and we are likely to see more of
it. In a historical perspective shipbuilding has been connected to individual skilful
performance whilst today more automatized and machine tailored solutions are
constantly being developed which can explain why it is moving from more conservative
to more dynamic.
There is a change going on. We are going from artisan work to work where hi-tech
knowledge is needed. We can constantly see that the work is going in that direction and
more processing methods are being used instead of just relying on the person who has
always done these things. - Nick
(Så att det är nog en sådan där definitiv förändring och kanske det här att man går från artesanarbete till liksom sådant här
ganska högtekniskt kunnande. Att det går åt det håller mera och det ser man nog hela tiden också. Och typ just det där att man
använder mera förädlingsmetoder istället för att den här killen han har alltid gjort det att han vet nog. Att han kan göra det. Så
liksom sådana här förändringar. – Nick)

However, change in technology and how people perceive the work of maritime industry
is not the only aspect affecting whether it is perceived as an industry heavily sticking to
tradition or not. There are other factors that plays in when speaking of the industry,
another important factor preventing new development and innovative thinking are the
fast pay-back times of product innovations. When a company decides to purchase newly
introduced technology the organisation wants to make sure that the pay-back time is as
short as possible. If the return on investment is longer than 2-3 years, it is often
considered too long even though the customer might use the product for a far longer
time. The maximum length of an innovation to pay itself back is 5 years but customers
will rarely settle for this. These short pay-back times leads to companies not creating
radical product innovations as new products are hard to sell on the market. Sheng &
Chien (2016), states that risks have to be taken in order to create new market
opportunities, however, established companies in the maritime industry still seem rather
risk averse. Some new companies on the other hand try to find their place on the market
and fill the gaps where established organisations do not introduce new solutions.
80

Alexander West

Jonathan’s organisation is a great example of a highly innovative new organisation
taking a risk to provide a new pioneering solution.
Incremental innovations and development of existing products constantly occur.
However, the need for reassurance of only necessary and profitable development makes
organisation risk averse to new solutions which are not guaranteed to pay themselves
back in a 2-3-year long period of time.
It needs to be black on white assured to be profitable. And at best they require 2
yearlong payback-times on the investment, and in such a short amount of time it is hard
to make improvements. Because an innovation is always more expensive than the old
product - Nick
(Att dom måste ha svart på vitt att det är ekonomiskt lönsamt. Och som bäst så kräver dom tillbakabetalningstider på två år, och
två år det är så där att det är svårt att göra så stora förbättringar. För det är ju alltid så att den där nya grejen, den är dyrare än
den gamla. – Nick)
Max. Fem års tillbakabetalningstid men det är nog inte många som godkänner sådant. – Nick

Not because they want to change... XXX is a product with a 15 to 18 month return on
investment so even if a customer has a fully working process if they change to our
product, they will save money after two years. - Anton
Inte för att dom vill byta och dom är inte... XXXX är en produkt som vi kan säga att return on investment ligger på 15 månader och
18 månader. Och där är det så att kunder kan ha en fullt fungerande process med en separator men byter du ut till en XXXX nu så
efter 2 år sparar du pengar. Men säljer du en XXXX är det för att den gamla gått sönder eller ska bytas ut – Anton

Safety is another reason why the maritime industry is in many ways perceived as
conservative. When installing an implementation on a ship or designing a new ship the
necessities must be considered over anything else. If the ship does not float it will not
do the job. Safety and short payback times may also be the two largest reasons why
companies in the maritime industry tend to be more risk averse than in other industries.
And to reassure safety we must go in line with the qualification-organisations who are
using outdated statistics and then instructions are given based on the outdated statistics.
If you have this thick steel, then the ship will not sink. When you are sitting in this
starting position, I think it is a major reason why the industry is so conservative.
And to avoid manufacturing another Wasa Regal Ship that sinks right after leaving the
shipyard… There are also other approved calculation methods, but no one is really
using them yet - Nick
81

Alexander West
Och det betyder att för att trygga säkerheten så så har man måsta göra sådant att de här klassifikationssällskapen som utgår från
gammal statistik och då ger de instruktioner att enligt den här gamla statistiken att om du har så här tjockt stål i sådana här fall så
sjunker inte båten. Och när man har det utgångsläget så tror jag att det är en av orsakerna att branschen är konservativ. Och för
att undvika att du har den situationen att du bygger något Wasaskepp som sjunker då direkt när det går ut ur varvet. Och även om
det finns idag sådana kalkylmetoder som också godkänns men att man använder dom inte så hemskt mycket fortfarande. -Nick

When I asked Jonathan about the differences between the IT sector and the maritime
sector, as he is a professional who has worked in both fields, he replied:
It is a common story that the maritime sector is conservative, and I have seen it myself. I
think it is easier to enter a market with a new product on the IT sector than in the
maritime. But it is also quite logical as new technology might also endanger the safety
of ships. It makes sense that maritime companies are more conservative. - Jonathan
In Jonathan’s case it is very important to take the ship design into consideration and that
their product, a sustainable innovation for reducing fuel consumption which adds
external weight to a ship, often has to be altered in order to fit different ship types.
Jonathan said that so far, they have only installed their innovation on cargo ships but
soon the public will see them on passenger ships as well and he looks forward to
hearing people’s opinions as the innovation is clearly visible on the ships.
It depends on ship type, for instance on container ships their current designs don’t have
much space for this product. But for most other ships it has been working fine. But there
might be problems for some ships, for instance with the air draft. But we can see that
with the ship types we are compatible with there is a big market for us anyhow. –
Jonathan
If we then continue with the comparison between the IT and the maritime industries
Nick also supports the claim that the business environment of the IT industry is more
changing and hectic.
I have experienced the maritime industry to be as hectic as the IT-industry. But on the
other side it is an industry with a lot of projects that may be very orderly for a year or
half a year but then you have a hectic six months in front of you, at least for us working
in ship design… So I’m saying both yes and no.

82

Alexander West
Jag själv upplevde aldrig marina branschen så stressande som ICT-branschen som jag jobbade med men å andra sidan så är det ju
en bransch som har vant sig med att du har de där projekten som ett år, eller ett halvt år kan gå ganska lugnt och sen har du det där
hektiska halva året eller för då oss som designade där i början. Så... Jag säger jo och nej. – Nick

All my informants spoke of different projects that they had been parts of and “the
project view” of maritime businesses seem to be common. As earlier stated, many of
my informants seemed almost freighted when hearing the word innovation even though
they were working in organisations with constant development processes. The
perception of working in a traditional industry seemed to be more of a mindset and a
trace from the past as plenty of change have occurred in the cluster and more is yet to
come as businesses are preparing themselves for future challenges.
Tom, who is working for an NGO, also has a project based working pattern. Tom and
his organisation are mainly working on promoting sustainable solutions and informing
the public about why more “green” solutions are needed to protect the environment in a
marine-related context. Tom and his organisation are mainly reaching out to the public
and smaller companies and trying to positively influence peoples’ attitude towards
“greener” solutions. Tom said that plenty of change has occurred even though there still
are problems with pollution and littering in a maritime context. Tom and his company
have been trying to influence small-boat owners to start using more sustainable hullcolours to reduce pollution and to change peoples’ attitudes.
Tom’s organisation has many key strategical partners which they are working with and
these are large actors within the Finnish maritime cluster. Tom said that many large
actors has started to think in a more sustainable manner, and it may be influencing other
actors in the cluster as well.
When it comes to how Tom work, he works mainly with different projects. There are
many projects occurring simultaneously and there is no defined way of working with
these projects. Tom also said that his organisation co-operates with a similar
organisation in Sweden and states that they are one step ahead of us when it comes to
sustainable thinking and processes.

83

Alexander West

Linear, Cyclic or Non-defined?
As we know innovations are not only the product of an “Eureka moment” instead they
can origin from ideas that have been in planning within organisations for longer times
(Rehn, 2013). To enhance performance, it is important for organisations to fully
understand why, how and that they in fact are innovating (Rehn, 2017). How people
perceive innovations vary from person to person, however, the organisation’s definition
of innovation seem to have an impact on its employees’. After having conducted my
interviews I can say that about half of my informants were up to date with the word
innovation and defined it similar to Rehn’s (2017) or Cooper’s (1996) definition.
Why does it then matter whether you can define the term or not? By knowing what
innovations are and how valuable they are, an organisation’s performance can be
enhanced. In many of the cases from my study there was no defined way of working
with innovations (or as many said “development processes”) and some people seemed
to struggle to pinpoint new solutions that had been introduced in their organisation.
Also, some perceived innovation as something purely technical and as Rehn (2017)
states in his book “Innovation” an innovation can be anything from a product, process to
just a “new way of organizing things”. The main idea of innovation is that it creates new
opportunities or enhance existing solutions.
The concept of radical and incremental innovations, which I introduced earlier, by
Benner & Tuschman (2003) and Cheng & Shien (2016) also seemed to be unfamiliar to
half of my informants. One of the things that I noticed quite quickly while conducting
my interviews was that a deeper understanding for incremental innovations and that
minor change can have a large impact on organisations and professionals. Realising that
you have enhanced an existing solution and strengthened the position of your
organisation can be very satisfactory and helps an individual to realise “the bigger
picture” of innovative thinking. As Carl said, many of his favourite innovations was
something he referred to as “Innovation light”, innovations which increased economic
growth without much effort being used in creating them. An example Carl gave was the
“comfort cabins” his company had introduced and a more efficient way of assuring that
car-passengers who are in a hurry can disembark from the ferry first. These innovations
are examples of non-product innovations that are of low cost to the organisation which
84

Alexander West

customers are more than happy to pay a small extra fee in order to gain something they
find useful.
If we then glimpse back to the processes and how organisations can gain advantages
from having better defined innovation processes I would like to state Laforets (2010)
words that the reason for conceptualising the innovation process into different stages to
identify at what stage potential drivers and barriers may appear in the organisation
(Everleens 2010). According to Laforet (2010) smaller organisations can innovate
greatly without any defined process but might experience struggles when expanding as
there is no clear framework for how previous processes have been executed.
This is something I have managed to get a good understanding of and by looking at my
informants I would say that size and more structured innovation processes correlate
clearly.
The organisation with the least formal innovation process from all my cases is Sam’s.
Sam is the founder and main innovator of his company, and he has a vision for how he
wants to develop his organisation, but he also has a very non-formal thinking.
Sam’s company is working with virtual reality trainings for on-board ship personnel.
The idea comes from Sam’s educational background and from his experience working
with different types of simulation. According to Sam, if you believe in an idea and put
your mind into it any person will be creative and innovate as a result.
When it comes to the company Sam has founded, he said that he is mainly responsible
of idea-generation and providing the knowledge from emergency-trainings while he has
outsourced the IT and application development to an external firm. Here the idea
generation is something that Sam is responsible of and have then outsourced the formal
development to an external partner. As Rehn (2017) stated ideas are not necessarily
innovations but all innovations origins in ideas.
In the case of Jonathan, we can see a clear and structured linear innovation process.
Jonathan stated that he founded his company on the premise of one idea which he
wanted to execute in full scale, as it had never been done before.
Jonathan’s idea origins in technology introduced in the 19th century but at that time, no
one was able to functionally implement it on a ship. When Jonathan described the

85

Alexander West

process, he stated that he and people from within his network sat down and founded the
company based on the idea of implementing this technology.
After they had founded the company, they immediately started working on the idea so
they could get out a working prototype and introduce it to their customers as fast as
possible. After this Jonathan and his co-workers went to the prototype phase of the
innovation process (Rehn,2017) and managed to convince key innovators to install their
technology on ships while it still was in the prototype phase.
After executing a working prototype Jonathan and his company experienced some
turbulence when they started to scale the innovation, but Jonathan said that they had “no
major hiccups” during the entire process.
Jonathan also implemented the feedback-phase throughout the innovation process as it
is extremely important for his company to optimize the technology to work as
efficiently as possible. Now when Jonathan’s company have a finished product,
implementable on most ship-types they are constantly developing it and refining the
technology. When looking at it from a radical/incremental point of view we can see that
the innovation process was quite linear during the development of this “new”
technology and that it turns to more development focused after having a finished
product.
The case of Jonathan is a great example of a linear process similar to both Rehn’s
(2017) and Cooper’s (1996) model.
The thinking that core-competencies should be put in centre of the organisation, by
Benner & Tuschman (2003), is something I can see in the case of Sam and he also said
that the maritime industry often look to the airline industry for new ideas. “Copying”
from other industries is something Professor Alf Rehn (2013) is connecting to
innovation. Taking something from one place to another can result in creating a new
solution for a new audience, in other words an innovation.
In Anton’s case, he said that his organisation is not working with creating innovations,
rather promoting other organisations innovations. Anton is a partner of one of the
largest sales agencies in the maritime cluster of Finland and he said that his organisation
is mainly focused on providing better solutions for their customers. The process86

Alexander West

thinking ,however, seemed to be present in Anton’s organisation and he had introduced
a CRM for collecting and saving old successful and unsuccessful development cases so
people in his organisation could look to in order to find the best model to for new cases.
He also stated that projects from the CRM could be shown to customers as examples of
previous projects.
Processes and projects are something constantly occurring in maritime organisations.
Even if my informants were quite careful to speak about innovation, they spoke very
openly about development projects going on within their organisations, which are in
fact innovation processes.
A similar linear innovation processes to what Rehn (2017) and Cooper (1996) have
introduced in their theories seem to be the most common way of managing projects and
innovations for maritime companies. Companies with formal R & D departments seem
to have more clearly defined processes but as Nick said, “engineers tend to want to
make everything into a formal process”. The engineer-thinking mentality in the industry
may be a large factor why many organisations perceive innovation as a product of
formal processes even though they spoke about incremental innovations that has been
developed as solutions to existing problems. This mentality is something that was clear
in many of my interviews which also relates back to the “traditional thinking” mentality
that exists within the cluster. This mentality can make it more difficult to perceive
minor, incremental innovations as innovations and instead just seeing it as ordinary
“problem solving”.
The linear project thinking, idea → development → testing → prototype → launch →
feedback, seem to be the leading way of single innovation processes and the
development of a product/service.
The linear way of creating innovations seems highly efficient and similar models to the
stage-gates, introduced in Cooper’s (1996) model, seem to exist in a part of my
informants’ organisations.
Carl and Nick said that it is important to identify when to continue and when to cancel
an innovation process, and by dividing the process into steps this can be done more
easily. Nick said however, that there is a risk in cancelling too many innovations as you
never know which ones are going to be successful before they are implemented. On the

87

Alexander West

other hand, Nick did also endorse the fact that organisations should stick to their core
competencies and said that “an apple never can turn into a pear”.
There are also other types of innovation processes and the cyclic innovation model seem
to be mainly used by organisations when looking at company strategy or “the bigger
picture”.
Organisations have a strategic long-term thinking, this may be a result of that many
processes in the maritime industry can be rather slow and time consuming compared to
other fields, for instance a ships production time is at least four years.
The cyclic innovation model (Schoen, Mason, Kline & Bunch, 2005) goes hand in hand
with strategy and long-term innovation thinking and Jonathan stated that “A cyclic
model is used for long term goals while a linear model is used for single projects”. The
cyclic model provides a more embracing concept than the linear model and therefore it
is more suitable to include in the organisation’s strategy.
In the cases where my informants said that they are not using any kind of formal
process for innovation it was often undefined yet there were some existing structures for
development processes. For instance, Anton said that his company has a CRM for old
cases which is often used for tackling problems and that they have days where the
company studies the old cases in order to come up with new ideas. Anton’s company
also gather information and knowledge from the market by organizing an annual fair for
their customers to meet up and identify gaps in the market.
For Anton’s company customers are always in focus and before introducing a new
product they conduct an analysis and discuss with their customers whether they find the
product usable or not. The processes are slightly different for Anton’s company
compared to others as their main function is to promote and introduce new technical
solutions to their customers are not creating technical innovations themself.
If we return to Sam, he initially said that the organisational institute he is working for
does not use any formal model or structure for innovation. It is mainly “when good
people have time to sit and discuss in the coffee room ideas occur”. According to Rehn
(2014) this is a quite common form of viewing innovation, as a form of idea rendering
“in the moment”. However, later in the interview Sam still said that they always try to
identify the right people with the right knowledge before starting a new project and then
88

Alexander West

they come up with formal guidelines which is very similar to a linear innovation
process. However, Sam’s organisation also takes customers and the market situation
into consideration before developing something new and this relates to the clusterthinking within the maritime industry of Finland.
If we look to Schoen, Mason, Kline and Bunch’s (2005) cyclic model, using external
factors, market opportunities and other knowledge we can see that a process-thinking is
existing even though it is not directly defined. The models have also been developed
from a theoretical perspective derived from industry observations and therefore it is
quite natural that these patterns can be seen in organisations which also have nondefined innovation processes.
Another reason for formalizing innovation processes is because it is easier for
organisations to manage a structured process. Non-defined processes can be expensive
for organisations as it can be difficult to know how funding and time is being allocated
for different tasks. However, the strength of not having defined processes is that the
organisation can be more agile and flexible when coming up with new solutions
(Everleens, 2010).
According to Dawson & Andriopoulos (2014) there is no single best way how to
manage innovations and the process can vary from linear to cyclic depending on what
works best for the organisation. Managing innovation is not a new concept and
according to Trott and Hartmann (2009) there has been a long debate whether
innovation and innovation processes should be open or closed. The benefits from more
open processes are that more knowledge and expertise can be more easily acquired and
result in a better outcome, however, as knowledge is also one of the most valuable
resources to organisations having a closed process will secure the process and
exclusivity for the finished product.
Some organisations have more closed processes than other but Trott and Hartmann
(2009) states that organisations both with and without formal R & D still take part of
accessible external knowledge. When I spoke to professionals within the maritime
cluster it seemed that most organisations are aware of their knowledge and want to keep
the core within the organisation. Therefore, many organisations within the cluster seem
to have closed innovation processes. However, there is still a great amount of

89

Alexander West

cooperation within the cluster and in many cases non-competing organisation codeveloped projects to reach the best results. Also, many projects mutually benefits
partners within the cluster and some projects also use shared resources from different
organisations in the cluster.
Moving forward, innovation management and communication support one and other
and I have noticed this in my interviews as well. Creating information sharing culture in
the organisation, making experts want to share as much information as possible is
crucial for improvement and to enhance existing processes. The people I interviewed
often perceived themself and their colleagues as experts and were very proud of
working within the maritime industry. My informants were proud of their knowledge
but it was interesting to see that they did not only want to develop their own
organisations but the entire maritime cluster as an entity. Rehn (2017) states that experts
can be difficult to manage as they possess such a high amount of knowledge, but the
knowledge and interest for the field can also be what is keeping them to the
organisations and the industry. Many of the people in my study spoke were very excited
for the maritime industry as a field and eager to acquire more knowledge.
With some knowledge and innovation process theory closer to mind we are now moving
back to conclude on the cases.
In Jonathans case we could see a clear and structured linear innovation process. .
Jonathan’s idea origins in technology introduced already in the 19th century which had
never been functionally implemented on a ship. As earlier stated Jonathan and people
from within his network sat down and founded the company based on the idea of
implementing this new technology. The linear process went into a rapid phase after this
and moving from prototype to a finished end product occurred in a timely manner
whilst constantly testing and improving the product. Jonathan had a clear strategy and
process which was very similar to the theories of Rehn (2017) and Cooper (1997).
In Tom’s case the innovation processes were more undefined as they focus more on
promoting innovation to their partners and not creating the new product themselves.
Tom’s organisation is also co-operating with larger actors in the Finnish maritime
cluster and according to Tom his jobs is often focused around projects. The processes
seem to be different varying greatly from one project to another.
90

Alexander West

Steve, who is the CEO of a medium to large port in Finland, said that he has witnessed
plenty of innovation during his time in the maritime industry. Steve mentioned the
implementation of digital solutions and different logistics technologies as examples and
stated that the industry is adapting to the changing occurring in society. In Steve’s
organisation innovation is a part of their strategy, which seemed well defined, and is
focusing on that the organisation should follow societal change in order to remain
competitive. For a port it is important that they can support new technology and
continuously improve their services. Steve also pointed out that a good example of this
is that they are one of the few ports that can refuel ships with “LNG Gas” making them
gain a competitive advantage.
When it comes to process thinking it seems that Steve was a strategist and saw the value
of the maritime cluster in its whole. Steve mentioned that research, technological
innovation and sustainable thinking has been influencing their way and created more
cyclic development process for his organisation.
Steve also perceived innovation as something more than just purely technical solutions
and he gave new feedback systems, documentation-handling systems, and
organisational innovations as examples.
The port Steve is working for is taking part in a development project with another major
Baltic Sea Port and he stated that it is in both their interest to be hi-functioning,
sustainable ports and he also seemed proud to be a part of a major EU-port project. This
is a good example of an open innovation process that mutually benefit both actors. We
can also see here that the maritime cluster is not exclusive to Finland and that actors in
the Nordic countries work together to gain advantages.

91

Alexander West

Innovation audiences and customers
Money and investments are reasons or regulations for innovation in the maritime
industry. Innovation does generally not happen just to test an idea or come up with a
new solution if there is not a monetary driver included. Organisations rather focuses on
minor innovation for safe processes creating slightly better, low-risk solutions.
As we know, these kinds of innovations are known as incremental innovations. As
Makkonen, Inkinen and Saari covered in 2013, the maritime industry in Finland then
also mainly focused on improving already existing processes and implementing small
change or incremental innovation.
A reason why the Finnish maritime cluster has been playing rather safe for the last years
might be because of the 2010 maritime industry recession when a large part of the
industry collapsed (liikenne ja muutotoimisto, 2016). The informants of my study were
quite divided if this would have been the case.
Steve, who is a member of the board for one of the largest shipping companies in
Finland, said that his organisation are not the first innovators. They want to see that a
solution works before implementing it. This is partly because they experienced major
turbulence in the years before 2010 and has now regained more than their past market
share by functioning after an economics of scale-principle.
Alf Rehn (2013) writes that “copycatting” is common when it comes to innovation and
organisations often embrace, and might modify, working innovations to enhance their
performance. This also seems to be the case for Steve’s organisation as he stated that:
If something is working, someone will start using it. However, we are not going to be
the first ones to try new solutions” - Steve
As Steve’s organisation is working with the economics of scale-principal they are also
their own key-focus group for innovations. If the organisation is going to innovate or
change it must be proven profitable for their organisation. This can in many ways be
considered conservative, however Steve argued his point well that “shipping companies
needs to work in first-hand”.

92

Alexander West

Incremental innovation, however, is still taking place in Steve’s organisation as he
stated that they believe in digitalized solutions and they also made a large investment
for how their ships can carry more goods.
Everett Rogers (1963), who is considered one of the first innovation researchers, divides
people and organisations into different sub-categories ranging from innovators to late
adapters. And it can be said that Steve’s company fits into the latter category.
In Matt’s case innovation is something that is done directly for the customers. As he
works as a naval architect and in higher management, he is used to working with
projects and creating new, innovative solutions for customers.
Matt stated that requests on projects always must be fulfilled and if they can deliver
better, new solutions for the small price in a timely manner it is always appreciated by
the customer. Steve also states that as they work with projects it is in their interest to
create returning customers. Therefore, they have to deliver what is asked for in the brief
at top quality, but not overdeliver as they then might exclude themselves from later
business opportunities.
The company Matt is working work is known in the Finnish and global maritime cluster
for designing well-working ships and for some quite radical sustainable innovations.
One of the innovations that also another of my informants mentioned is a way of
making ships float more smoothly by adding an external feature to the ship. This
reduces fuel consumption which results in a greener but also more cost-efficient
solution for the customers.
When it comes to customers Matt stated that it is more important to stick to a strict
schedule than to deliver the most refined solutions. Customers are generally in urgent
need to get their blueprints ready so the ship can go into manufacturing. As Rehn (2017)
mentions a strict schedule is not necessarily bad for innovations and Matt’s company
have managed to prove it in the maritime industry. Matt mentioned, which is quite
interesting, that the industry needs experts with an understanding of both the maritime
industry and other fields. The investors behind maritime companies does not necessarily
have maritime backgrounds and then a mere blueprint does not always explain the full
value of implementing a new technological solution when designing a ship. Therefore,
having an expert with knowledge of the maritime industry combined with great
presentation skills can be crucial when selling a design as they are often explaining
93

Alexander West

concepts to investors behind the customer’s organisation with less background in the
particular field.

However, as the maritime cluster of Finland includes many kinds of organisations there
are also different audiences for innovation. As Carl is working for a company mainly
focusing on passenger experience, they also have a very different audience.
When I spoke to Carl, he gladly described all the different innovations they had made to
enhance the customer experience. For Carl’s organisation it lies in their main interest
that people does not only travel by ferry but also go on cruises for amusement and
therefore they work with both technical innovations for, for instance, reducing fuel
consumption but mainly with assuring that the end-customers are satisfied with the
experience from on-board their ferries.
As Carl’s organisation is currently manufacturing a new ship, he said that there is plenty
of discussion between people within the organisation about space optimization onboard. Carl, who is responsible for creating the best passenger solutions, must cooperate
with the technical side but still reassure that new solutions are being installed for
increasing passenger comfort and the enhancing the ship experience. I will not mention
any concrete innovations coming on the new ship due to that it is currently being built,
but it is in Carl’s organisations greatest interest to develop innovations that are unique
for the ship both technically and for enhancing the passenger experience.
If we look back to Rogers (1963) categorization of how people and organisations react
to new technologies, solutions, and innovations we can see that Carl’s organisation is at
closer to the early adaptor group.
When it comes to the research of Makkonen, Inkinen and Saarni (2013) it was probably
conducted before some radical innovation occurred as it is first in later years that we
have witnessed the increased investment in automatization as well as stricter
governmental environment policies (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016).
The sulphur-directive introduced in 2015 came to have a great impact on sustainable
innovation for the Finnish maritime industry as many actors were concerned they would
be able to fulfil the strict directives and remain competitive (Työ- ja
elinkeinoministeriö, 2016). However, organisations were not affected negatively as hard
94

Alexander West

as they had foreseen and instead a new propellant, Liquid Natural Gas (LNG), as well as
new ways of reducing emissions for maritime diesel were introduced.
LNG was firstly introduced on a ferry in 2012 but saw a rise of usage after 2015 (Työja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016).
Now. I will continue with Peter and his organisation who are working on improving
their sustainable solutions and strategy. Peter and his company have been working with
greener, more sustainable solutions since the beginning of the 21st century but in the
last few years it has taken off even faster. When I spoke to Peter he told me about how
they had installed new technologies on their ships in order to fulfil the agreement
introduced in 2015. Yet they have also chosen to implement “green thinking” in their
entire organisation and also promotes it to the passengers onboard their ferries. Peter’s
organisation has worked with both technical innovations to optimize electricity usage by
installing automatized pump-systems that turns off and on whenever needed to enhance
performance. Peter’s organisation has also chosen to have a second approach to
sustainable thinking and that is trying to reduce waste onboard their ferries which is a
large initiative as they mainly have passenger ferries.
The organisation has chosen to inform their passengers of how, for instance food waste,
affects the environment and the organisation takes an active role in staying up to date
with sustainable thinking. Peter also said that many companies, including themselves,
may be considering building new ships at some point as they are receiving news about
new propellants and technologies that takes place in the Finnish maritime cluster. Peter
mentioned the smaller vessel “Electra” as an example of a ferry that is propelled by
electricity instead of fossil fuels.
Before moving on I will look at the case of Jonathan and his company who is
manufacturing hi-tech solutions for other companies in the maritime industry. As earlier
mentioned, Jonathan founded his company on the premise of an old idea that could be
up scaled and implemented on today’s ships. Jonathan is quite unique for my study as
he had a very clear vision when founding the company. The process of Jonathan’s
company is most similar to how Rehn (2017) and Cooper (1996) has defined an
innovation process and from what I learned from my interview Jonathan’s organisation
seemed to have a very structured approach when working with their innovation.
Something very interesting was that they have had the “feedback-phase” included
95

Alexander West

almost from the beginning of the innovation process. When Jonathan’s organisation
introduced their first prototypes, they started to install them almost immediately onto
innovator customers ships and in this way collected feedback throughout the entire
development process.
By receiving this feedback, they included customers in the process and created
excitement and interest for their innovation in the entire Finnish maritime cluster as well
as in many other parts of the world. As they believed in this idea they directly reached
out to customers and in a way created their audience in the maritime industry. This is a
great example of how a radical innovation creates it place on the market much similar
how Rehn (2017) describes radical innovations to create their place on the market.
The scaling of the innovation was also done efficiently as they were able to test directly
on customer’s ships from an early phase. Now, that their innovation is ready to be
implemented on customer ships there are many are already aware of the new technical
solution and Jonathan is already glimpsing towards a more global market.
Jonathan stated that the key-innovator customers have been of great importance for their
technology and as Rogers (1963) also writes there will be some who always are more
prepared to start using innovations earlier than others.

96

Alexander West

The Finnish Maritime Cluster
Now my analysis will be focusing more on the cluster-thinking of the maritime industry
and explain why and how the maritime industry of Finland can be perceived as a
cluster.
A cluster is a geographically restricted “web” of organisations who work in a similar
field and benefit of each other in different ways. Clusters provide increased competition
but also cooperation and often allows new enterprises to emerge (Klimova, Kozyrev &
Babkin, 2016).
The maritime industry has historically been of a great importance for the Finnish
economy and still plays an important role for the economy of Finland. Many successful
enterprises have emerged from the Finnish maritime industry and they have also created
opportunities for smaller organisations in their value chain. From my interviews we can
see that most of the organisations co-operate with other organisations in the cluster and
creates opportunities for one and other. For instance, Carl’s organisation is working
with their end-customer experience and requires everything from logistics to component
for their ships in order to function, this creates opportunities for many other companies
along the value chain.
As I have interviewed people from organisations of different size, working in different
fields I have managed to collect different perceptions of the cluster and how it is
affecting and supporting organisations (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016). My
informant Nick was of value when it came to speaking of cluster activity as he plays a
major role in one of the largest co-development projects in Finnish maritime history.
When I met up with Nick we first spoke about innovation and his career, but it did not
take long before we before we started discussing the maritime cluster and how the
cluster supports and affects innovation. Nick said that the current project he is working
in includes most of the largest actors of the cluster and they are working towards a
common goal which is increased automatization and self-operating ships. According to
Nick there is no clear “leader” for the cluster, but of course innovating companies
always gain a special place inspiring other organisation within the cluster. Nick also
mentioned that the cluster is looking differently depending on the organisation’s role in
it. Some organisations have complex value chains, also including global companies,
97

Alexander West

while others mainly work with a few partners. The relations between organisations and
people in the Finnish maritime cluster can sometimes be unusual and intimate as the
peers within the industry tend to be small.
Nick said:
When you sit down in a meeting you often see the same men sitting there, and I am
saying men because the industry is largely dominated by men. - Nick
I will now continue with a second quote by Nick connecting my claim why it can be
“odd”:
Some organisations within the clusters can have troubles cooperating as a manager
may have been in one company before and maybe even fired from there and then he
does not really want to cooperate with them. – Nick
What I experienced in my interviewees was that many of my interviewees mentioned
other companies and organisations and that they were very curious about both
competitive activity but also what is generally happening within the field and the
cluster. I also noticed that the passion for the industry was something all my
interviewees shared. The passion and proudness shined through during the interviews
and it also seemed to create a sort of mutual connection for professionals within the
industry. Fairs and different meetings for the maritime industry seem to be arranged
quite commonly and a few of my informants did put an emphasis of meeting both
customers and competitors on these fairs and events.
By using Porter’s (2000) diamond for analysing clusters we can see that most of the
significant factors exists for the Finnish cluster.
A strong social capital comes from the educational institutes we have and Finland as a
country is famous for investing in education and as we have such a strong maritime
connection, we also have many maritime related educations. Sam who is working for an
organisational institute as well as his own companies explained that people from all
over Europe come to Finland for the maritime-officer education and also an education
line focusing on automatization which is a product of a cooperation between the
institute and the Finnish maritime industry. The connection between the public sector
and the maritime industry is something Porter (1996) pointed out to be existing for
strong economic clusters.
98

Alexander West

Sam also said that the industry often orders tailor-made solutions regarding simulation
and other trainings from his institute so there is a strong link between governmental
institutes and private organisations.
Other public actors such as Business Finland (previously known as TEKES) has
provided great amounts of funding for maritime projects and Nick also put great
emphasis on the support the industry gains from the Finnish state.
These are what Porter (2000) calls strong factors conditions and they consist of; Social
capital (people with the right knowledge and education), a research infrastructure
(universities, projects, governmental institutes) and a high-quality informational
infrastructure, exists in an innovative cluster.
When it comes to infrastructure my interviewee Daniel pointed out that the ports in
Finland are responsible for providing a certain amount of infrastructure and for instance,
maintaining the railways if they are linked to the port. Daniel also mentioned that we
have good road connections between mayor cities and logistics centres which makes
sea-freight an efficient alternative for logistics, as over 80 % of all goods are shipped by
sea transport at some stage (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016) and this requires a
working infrastructure. Daniel also pointed out that infrastructure is related to, seafairways, but also the technical know-how and solutions ports and logistics providers
possess.
Firm Strategy and Rivalry
The national environment often reflects in the strategy of a firm in a geographically
specific area (Porter 1990). The understanding of similar business cultures and
strategies grants an advantage in communication and interactions between cluster
members (Porter 2000). Firms within the cluster can also have a highly responsive
strategy as connections are often personal or on a tightly connected basis (Porter 1990).
The understanding and responsiveness of cluster-specific strategies gives firms’ an
advantage over foreign rivals (Porter 1990). Nick emphasized the personal connections
within the cluster and saw them as something unique to Finland which also speaks for
how well developed the cluster is.

99

Alexander West

For a cluster to function there must be a demand of its services. Demand conditions on
the home market in developing countries have much to do if companies can move from
imitative products/services to more sophisticated products/services with focus on
differentiation (Porter 2000). A demanding local market is a central part of what is
dividing an innovative cluster from a more primitive one. In Finland we have had a
large demand for maritime solutions and customers have valued safety and quality for
these solutions. This is thanks to the historical importance of sea transport and from
regulations and support by government and instances.
When I spoke to Nick and Daniel about the shipyard in Turku, they both said that it was
of great importance to one part of the Finnish maritime cluster, the one connecting to
the cruise segment. The shipyard has influenced plenty of other companies in its value
chain, but Nick said that there are more than just the cruise-segment of the maritime
industry. However, there are many other large organisations within the Finnish cluster
that has created opportunities for smaller organisations and Nick mentioned a few
component manufacturers that have been of great importance for the cluster. When it
comes to customers and sophisticated solutions Jonathan said what characterizes the
Finnish cluster is the hi-tech thinking and solutions we create here. When it comes to
Matt, he put great emphasises on the customers in the Finnish cluster but to grow their
organisation also have to look in a global perspective.

Related and Supporting Industries
When speaking of location different economic theories debates whether it has a
difference or not. Some economists debate that everything can be moved while others
state that a sophistically developed region creates sustainability for a region/cluster
(Smit 2010).
When it comes to the cluster of Finland the close connections and inter-personal
relationship between people seem to be quite unique. People are used to making
business face to face and Nick said that trust towards another person is of great
importance when it comes to collaboration.
When I asked Peter how he viewed the Finnish maritime cluster he said that it is more
of a “Nordic cluster” or from his point of view a cluster between Sweden and Finland.
100

Alexander West

As he works for a shipping company focusing on passenger solutions, he naturally has
plenty of contact with the Swedish market as well and therefore he did not define the
maritime cluster as something purely Finnish.
Tom is also of the same opinion and he said that his organisation has plenty of
collaboration with companies in Finland but also with actors in Sweden. Anton also
mentioned Estonia in the extended cluster as he have many important customers in
Estonia as well.
The other people I interviewed did however define the cluster as something connecting
the Finnish industry, even if some (Nick, Steve, Matt, Anton) said that a change can be
seen as many large international actors purchase traditionally Finnish organisations the
cluster thinking have remained. What supports the thinking that a cluster is important to
the area it functions in is that most of these organisations choose to stay in Finland and
take advantage of the connections they have between organisations even if they could
have lower costs elsewhere.
So, to conclude on clusters I would say that there are clear signs that the organisations
in the maritime industry of Finland are influencing each other and that they together
form a cluster.

101

Alexander West

Discussion and Conclusions
As my thesis is now approaching its end, I would like to conclude my analysis by
focusing on the key-factors regarding innovation derived from my data. First, I would
like to state that there are no absolute conclusions and as in most cases my thesis could
have been strengthened by adding more informants to my study.
What I have found in my data, however, connects to earlier research and I think it is
possible to see a pattern of how people within the Finnish maritime cluster perceive
innovation and how innovation processes take place in different organisations. I also
believe I found support for claiming that the Finnish maritime industry together forms
an industrial hi-tech cluster.
Regarding the questions in my purpose, “how organisations innovate” and “what do
their processes look like”? I think these are both answered in my thematical analysis.
All organisations that I have studied innovate. In general, all organisations innovate to
adapt to market change and remain in their position (Rehn, 2017). Some of the people I
interviewed could draw out the innovation process very clearly whilst other had more
informal processes.
More technical manufacturing companies had in general a more defined process for
innovation and the creation of new products, this is explained in my interview with Nick
as “engineers like to have clear structures and processes”. As Laforet (2010) mentions
mid-sized and larger organisations tend to have more clear processes to capture the
different phases of the product development process to allocate resources in the best
possible way. Small companies however can have more informal process as Everleens
(2010) writes as they are then more adaptive and creative which I also found support for
in my interview with Sam and how he manages his own organisation.
In the case of Jonathan both Rehn (2017) and coopers linear innovation process was
very well defined. Jonathan had formed his company based on one single idea which he
had researched thoroughly and then started the formal process as soon as he had
founded his company. As Rehn (2017) mentioned an idea itself is not an innovation but
an idea that is new and has been actualized and found its purpose is an innovation. Rehn
(2017) also states that the idea does not have to be completely new but have to find its

102

Alexander West

users, and Jonathan’s product is a great example of an innovation that found its place on
the market.
Cyclic innovation processes were also seen as more strategic and Daniel had great
insights into the topic on how innovation is constantly occurring in his organisation.
My last words on “how organisations innovate” will be that incremental innovations are
constantly happening even if they are more commonly referred to as development
processes. Most of my informants did not consider these innovations but Carl also came
up with the term “innovation light” which I believe is a great explanatory word for
incremental innovations.
Radical innovations on the other hand tend to be the product of formal innovation
processes and they are explained in depth in my thematical analysis.
When it comes to tradition, I also explained this in depth in the previous chapter.
However, I would like to say some final words to conclude whether the cluster is
traditional or not. My informants agreed that the maritime industry has been perceived
as traditional and this was largely because how highly expertise and knowledge is
valued within the cluster and therefore managers are often a bit older.
Engineering competencies, or engineering-like competencies, are in focus for many
organisations within the Finnish maritime cluster. However as the headline for my
thesis is “From Artisan Work to Automatization” I would like to refer to the words Nick
said about how the industry is currently going through change and many organisations
are going from being perceived as traditional or conservative to becoming fast
changing, highly adaptive hi-tech organisations.
What is to remember is that the maritime cluster consists of many different actors and
even if some may be perceived as traditional, all organisations function differently, and
some are more traditional than others. Also, as Carl said in his interview, he thinks it is
always best to take opinions from people in different situations into consideration,
which show that there are many new thinkers in the industry.
Lastly, I think that many of my informants perceived their industry as more traditional
than it actually may be at first, and when speaking more about their organisation they
noticed that a lot of change had occurred and that the industry is not actually as
traditional as they first thought.
103

Alexander West

The first of them being time and delivering services in a timely manner. Matt explained
that delivering the product on time is always the number one priority. From a Port
perspective Daniel also encouraged the importance of timing and that incremental
innovations are mainly implemented to assure well-functioning services. However, a
restricted amount of time can sometimes enhance innovative thinking as people tend to
be more solution-oriented when working with limited time (Rehn, 2017). This is
something Carl also mentioned briefly when speaking of the process of building their
new ships. He said that he must work with the other teams to finalize the best possible
solutions for the ferry before it is finished.
The second restriction for innovation is monetary assets and payback times. Many of
my informants, especially Nick and Anton said that new technology and innovation
need short repayment time for their customers. An innovation for a ship needs to repay
itself in preferably 2-3 years to be attractive to the customer. This is largely due to the
high costs of running ships and owners who want to see immediate profitability of the
services. This is mostly related to how customers are implementing technical product
innovations.
The third restriction is a double-edged sword as it is both a restriction for organisations
but also creating room for innovation and it is environmental policies and
recommendations. As policies and environmental thinking are getting stricter they
regulate some technical innovation but more importantly create opportunity for new
solutions. In this way I do not like to look at it as a restriction for innovation but more
of a driver that creates new more environmental-friendly solutions.
When it comes to the maritime industry in Finland, I do think that the change currently
occurring is strengthening its positions as a growing hi-tech cluster in Finland. It is
largely connected to IT and most of my informants spoke about the coming
automatization and how it can come to affect the industry. Some speculated that
automatized ships will come sooner than others but most still agreed that automatization
is coming and cannot be neglected. As there was so much speculation on this topic I
chose to not include automatization in a wider extent in my analysis as it is a concept
not yet (fully) implemented for the maritime industry but as the topic of my thesis is
“Innovation” and as my headline involves the word automatization I still wanted to add
a few lines about it. Automatization is something that influenced me greatly and I
104

Alexander West

learned much about it from the writing process and in the literature, I used for my
thesis.
With some words said on automatization I think another study a few years from now,
focusing on technical innovation and automatization in a larger extent, would be of high
relevance to the Finnish maritime industry and is something that would be interesting to
study.

Lastly, I would like to thank the project group that I have been working with for giving
me the opportunity to deep dive into a very interesting area which I was completely
unfamiliar with before starting my thesis.
I would also like to thank all the people who agreed to participate in my study and of
course my supervisor Nina Kivinen who has been very supportive throughout the
process.

105

Alexander West

References:
Aboulnasr, K., Narasimhan, O., Blair, E., Chandy, R. (2008), Competitive Response to
Radical Product Innovations, Journal of Marketing (72:3), 94-110
Benner, M. & Tuschman, M. (2003), EXPLOITATION, EXPLORATION, AND
PROCESS MANAGEMENT: THE PRODUCTIVITY DILEMMA REVISITED,
Academy of Management Review (28:3), 238-256.
Berkhout, G, Hartmann, D. Trott, P. (2010), Connecting technological capabilities with
market needs using a cyclic innovation model, R&D Management (40:5), 474-490
Berkhout, G., Hartmann, D., Van Der Duin, P., Ortt, R. (2006), Innovating the
innovation process, International Journal of Technology Management (34:4), 390-404
Boyce, C. & Neal, P. (2006), CONDUCTING IN-DEPTH INTERVIEWS: A Guide for
Designing and Conducting In-Depth Interviews for Evaluation Input, PATHFINDER
INTERNATIONAL TOOL SERIES Monitoring and Evaluation (2), 3-12
Björklund, M & Paulsson, U. (2007) Seminarieboken – att skriva, presentera och
opponera, Studentlitteratur
Bryman A., Bell, E. (2011), Business Research Methods, Oxford University Press
Brown, J., Duguid, P. (1991), Organisational Learning and Communities of Practice:
Toward a unified view of working, learning and innovation, Organisation Science (2:1),
40-57
Cabrera, A. (2007), Fostering knowledge sharing through people management practices,
The International Journal of Human Resource Management (16:5), 720-735

106

Alexander West

Cannon, M. & Edmondson A. (2005), Failing to Learn and Learning to Fail
(Intelligently): How Great Organisations Put Failure to Work to Innovate and Improve,
Long Range Planning (38:3), 299-319
Casanueva, C. Castro I, Galán, J. (2013), Informational networks and innovation in
mature industrial clusters, Journal of Business Research (66:5), 603-613
Carlson, J. (1975), Lodestone Compass: Chinese or Olmec Primacy?, Science (189),
753-760
Chesbrough, H. (2003), Open Innovation, Harvard Business School Press: Boston
Cooper, R. (1996) Overhauling the New Product Process, Industrial Marketing
Management (25:6), 465-482
Dawson, P. & Andriopoulos, C. (2014), Managing Change, Creativity & Innovation,
Sage: London
De Langen, P. (2010), Clustering and performance: the case of maritime clustering in
The Netherlands, Maritime Policy & Management (29:3), 209-221
Dunnewijk, T. & Hultén, S. (2007), A brief history of mobile communication in Europe,
Telematics and Informatics (24), 164–179
Dunning, J. (1988), The Eclectic Paradigm of International Production: A Restatement
and Some Possible Extensions, Journal of International Business Studies (19:1), 1-31
Enkel, E., Gassman, O, Chesbrough, H. (2009), Open R&D and open innovation:
exploring the phenomenon, R&D Management (39), 311-316
Everleens, C. (2010), Innovation management; a literature review of innovation process
models and their implications

107

Alexander West

Forsberg, Per (2001), Berättelser och omdömen I en redares vardag, Bokförlaget BAS:
Göteborg
Hargadon, A. (2015), Sustainable Innovation: Build Your Company’s Capacity to
Change the World, Stanford University Press
Hart, S. & Christensen, C. (2002), The Great Leap Driving Innovation From the Base of
the Pyramid, MIT Sloan Management Review (44:1), 51-56

Isaksen A (2009), Innovation dynamics of global competitive regional clusters: the case
of the Norwegian, Regional Studies (43), 1155-1166

Keizer, A. & Halman, J. (2007), DIAGNOSING RISK IN RADICAL INNOVATION
PROJECTS, Research Technology Management (50:5), 30-36

Klimova, N., Kozyrev, O., Babkin, E. (2016), Innovation in Clusters Understanding
Universities, Special Economic Zones, and Modeling, Springer: Singapore

Koberg C., Detienne D., Heppard, K. (2003), An empirical test of environmental,
organisational, and process factors affecting incremental and radical innovation, The
Journal of High Technology Management Research (14:1), 21-45

Kvale, S. (1996), InterViews: An Introduction to Qualitative Research Interviewing,
Sage, Thousand Oaks, CA.

Laforet, S. (2007), Size, strategic, and market orientation affects on innovation, Journal
of Business Research (61), 753–764

108

Alexander West

Lane, F. (1963), The Economic Meaning of the Invention of the Compass, The
American Historical Review (68:3), 605-617

Lifshitz-Assaf, H. (2017), Dismantling Knowledge Boundaries at NASA: The Critical
Role of Professional Identity in Open Innovation, Administrative Science Quarterly
(20), 1-37

Makkonen, T., Inkinen, T., Saarni, J. (2013), Innovation types in the Finnish maritime
cluster,

Marshall, C., Rossmann, G. (1999), Designing Qualitative Research 3d edition, Sage
Publications: California

Mills, A. (2004), The Lodestone: History, Physics, and Formation, Annals of Science
(61), 273-319

Müller, L. (2011), Sjöfartens historiska betydelse för Sverige och Europa, FRAMTIDER
(3/2011), Tidsskrift från institutionen för framtidsforskning

Plehn-Dujowich, J. (2009), Firm size and types of innovation, Economics of Innovation
and New Technology (18:3), 205-223

Popadiuk & Choo (2006), Innovation and knowledge creation: How are these concepts
related?, International Journal of Information Management (26:4), 302-312

Porter, M. (1998), Clusters and the New Economics of Competition, Harvard Business
Review (November-December), 76-90

109

Alexander West

Porter, M. (2001), Innovation: Location Matters, MIT Sloan Management Review
(42:4), 28-37

Porter, M. (2000), Location, Competition, and Economic Development: Local Clusters
in a Global Economy, Economic Development Quarterly (14:1), 15-34

Porter, M. (1990), New Global Strategies for Competitive Advantages, Planning
Review (18:3), 4-14
Porter, M. (2003), The Economic Performance of Regions, Regional Studies (37:6-7),
549-578
Rakennemuutos toimisto (2012), Rakennemuutostoimiston loppuraportti 31.12.2012

Rehn, A. (2010), Farliga Idéer, Bookhouse: Stockholm

Rehn, A. (2017) Innovation, Liber AB: Stockholm

Rocha, H. (2004), Entrepreneurship and Development: The Role of Clusters, Small
Business Economics (24), 363-400

Rogers, E. (2003), Diffusion of Innovations (3), The Free Press, New York

Scheng, M. & Chien, I. (2016), Rethinking organisational learning orientation on
radical and incremental innovation in high-tech firms, Journal of Business Research
(69), 2302–2308

Seale, C. (1999), Quality in Qualitative Research, Qualitative Inquiry (5:4), 465-478

110

Alexander West

Schoen, J., Mason, T., Kline, W., Bunch, R. (2005), The Innovation Cycle: A New
Model and Case Study for the Invention to Innovation Process, Engineering
Management Journal (17:3), 3-10

Schumpeter, J. (1942), CAPITALISM, SOCIALISM AND DEMOCRACY 5th ed. 3d
impression, Routledge: London

Silverman, D. (2012), Interpreting Qualitative Data, Sage: London

Smit, A. (2010), The competitive advantage of nations: is Porter’s Diamond Framework
a new theory that explains the international competitiveness of countries?, Southern
African Business Review (14:1), 105-130
Stein, S. (2017), The Sea in World History: Exploration, Travel, and Trade, ABCCLIO: Santa Barbara: Cal.

Tallman, S., Jenkins, M., Henry, N., Pinch, S. (2004), Knowledge, Clusters, and
Competitive Advantage, Academy of Management Review (29:2), 258-271

Talukder, M. (2014) Managing Innovation Adoption: From Innovation to
Implementation, Taylor and Francis, ProQuest Ebook Central.

Trott, P. & Hartmann, D. (2009), WHY ‘OPEN INNOVATION’ IS OLD WINE IN
NEW BOTTLES, International Journal of Innovation Management (13:4), 715-736

Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriön (2016), Suomen meriklusteri kohti 2020-lukua, Työ- ja
elinkeinoministeriön julkaisuja Yritykset (32/2016)

Verworn, B. & Herstatt, C. (2002), The innovation process: an introduction to process
models, Working Papers / Technologie- und Innovationsmanagement, Technische
Universität Hamburg-Harburg (12)
Wachsmann, S. (1998), Seagoing Ships & Seamanship in the Bronze Age Levant, Texas
A&M University Press: Texas

111

Alexander West

Whiting, L. (2008), Semi-structured interviews: guidance for novice researchers, art &
science (22:23). 35-40
Yu, D. & Hang, C. (2010), A Reflective Review of Disruptive Innovation Theory,
International Journal of Management Reviews (12), 435–454

112

Alexander West

Attachment 1 – Interview guide (SWE)
Person
Utbildning? Var? Kan den kopplas till innovation? (Direkt lärande inför jobb?) Hur bra
reflekterar dagens utbildningar vad branschen behöver?
Hur kom du in just i sjöfartsbranschen? Tidigare jobb/rakt från studierna? Varför bytt,
trivsel?
Hur många år har du arbetat i branschen? Hur länge har du jobbat med dina nuvararande
arbetsuppgifter?
Vad betyder branschen för dig? Berättelser?
Vad kännetecknas sjöfartsbranschen av enligt dig, vad är typiskt för branschen/Hur ser
den ut?

Beskriv dina arbetsuppgifter?
Har du jobbat i något annat land? Vad lärde du dig där?
Annat företag – Kunde du ta med dig lärdomar?
Kreativitet & Trivsel? Bäst? Något speciellt du minns? Anekdoter?

Organisationen
Berätta om din organisation
Storlek? Typ av organisation? Berätta vad ni jobbar med
Historia - Hur grundades ert företag
113

Alexander West

Berätta om era produkter/tjänster

Berätta om din arbetsplats
Miljö, formellt/informellt?
Vad är det som är roligt/intressant på din arbetsplats?
Stabilitet – Har du någon upplevt att branschen/företaget varit hotat? (Konjunkturer,
konkurrens etc.)
Hur ser en arbetsdag ut? (Arbetet lätt med hem, något du skulle vilja ändra på, del av
identitet?)

Ledarskap & Kultur
Ägande – Finländskt/Internationellt, påverkar ägarstrukturen? (Ev. Förändring) Har den
förändrats?
Om internationellt påverkar land ledarskapet? Kulturella skillnader?
Samma ägare/Vad har hänt om det bytt?
Berätta om:
Leverantörer – Hur väljer ni era leverantörer, förtroende, pris? Katastrofer?
Logistik – Möjlighet eller begränsning? Har nya logistiklösningar skapat möjligheter för
er?
Samarbeten – Berätta hur de ser ut? Hur de började och varför just med de som de är
med, innovationssamarbeten? Tillit?
Kunder – Viktigaste? Internationella/Inhemska? Hur intresserar sig kunder för nya
lösningar?
Ledarskap?
Märker man av det? Traditionellt, starkt/svagt?
114

Alexander West

Hur kommunicerar ni med ledare? Vad gör ni om ni har tankar/funderingar kring något?
På vilket sätt påverkas ditt arbete av ledarskapet i organisationen?
Styrt/Fritt/Inspirerande
Synen på ledarskap i företaget – Kultur? Positiva/Negativa syner, egna erfarenheter,
förbättring?
Identifiering till företaget? Hur skapar företaget det?
Vad är du speciellt med i ledarskapet, eventuella svårigheter?
Hur är era grupper strukturerade? Olika utbildningar, bakgrund?
Internationella teams/Starkt finländskt? Hur är det att jobba med människor av
olika/samma bakgrund? På vilket sätt gynnas ni av det?
Hur motiveras de anställda i ert företag?
Morötter? Konkreta exempel, vilka typer av belöningar har du fått?
Karriärmöjligheter? Hur har du klättrat på stegen? Karriärstänkande med eller bara
hänt?
Hur uppmuntrar man någon till att vara kreativ? Hitta på nya lösningar?
Kompetensutveckling
Synen på olika kompetenser? Vad är viktigt för er?
Hur rekryterar ni nya personer?
Hur anställs nya personer? Kontakt med högskolor/organisationer? Har ni ofta någon i
tankarna? Kommer de flesta från Finland eller utomlands
Hur ofta anställer ni nya personer? Hur lär ni upp dem? Har ni praktikanter/trainees –
nytta?
Vad förväntar ni er av en ny/Vad är viktigt att han/hon kan? Hur lär ni upp nya
anställda?
Utbildningstillfällen för personalen? Hurdana, specifika lärdomar (exempel?)?
Brukar ni delta i mässor/externa utbildningstillfällen, hur många från företaget? Er roll
där?
Avdelningar? – Skild R & D – Hur ser ni på R & D? Möten Interna & externa?
115

Alexander West

Kunskapsöverföring
R & D?
Hur tar ni del av informationen/kunskapen i organisationen? Finns det datasystem med
information, tidigare cases, person till person, etc.?
Hur kommunicerar ni mellan arbetsgrupperna?
Hurdant kommunikationssystem? Hur direkt kontakt har de anställda med varandra och
sin förman?
Stöder ni varandra mycket i arbete? Om du får problem, vem i företaget vänder du dig
till?
Hur drar ert företag nytta av extern kunskap?
Lär ni er av andra organisationer? Berätta hur – samarbeten (igen)
Hur påverkar ny teknologi/ny kunskap ert företag?
Hur påverkar ny kunskap ditt arbete – har dina arbetsuppgifter förändrats? → framtid
Hur brainstormar/idépitchar ni i ert företag?
Hur säljer ni en produkt/tjänst till ett annat företag, vem presenterar den? Hur får den
personen kunskap om produkten/tjänsten?

Hur känner du att du lär dig från ditt arbete?
Hur kommuniceras sedan lärdomarna?
Hur får ni fram ny kunskap?
På vilket sätt följer ni med vad personer lär sig?
Innovation – Allmänt
Vad betyder begreppet innovation för dig?
När du tänker på innovationer, tänker du på något stort eller tänker du också på
förbättringar?
Hur har man märkt att attityden till innovationer har förändrats?
Innovationstänkande – Starkt/Svagt, existerande? Berätta
Vad betyder innovation för er?
116

Alexander West

Använder ni innovationer när ni beskriver ert företag/ i er marknadsföring/Strategi?
Vad skiljer er från andra företag inom branschen?

Idé → Uppfinning → Innovation? Hur ser er process ut?
Berätta hur innovationer uppstår i ert företag
Vem är det som besluter om en idé kommer användas eller inte?
Formell/Informell?
Kan en innovation uppstå var som helst i ert företag? Berätta hur det går till och hur det
då ser ut
Hur styr man innovation? Möjligt?
Kan en innovation också uppstå utanför organisationen, vad gör man då?
Informell innovationsprocess eller klar R & D – Finns båda, var sker innovation?
Innovation - Berättelser
Berätta om er senaste innovation/ny produkt/tjänst? Hur kom den till?
Utmaningar
Problemlösning
Vem deltog
Hurdana delmål/milstolpar har ni under processen?
Vad lärde ni er av den här processen?
Vad gör att man vill fortsätta när en utmaning kommer emot
Hur känns det efteråt? ”Victory”-känsla?
Tungt? Hur är det att gå från en innovation in på nästa?
Hur ser er feedback-process ut efter innovationen implementerats?
Vilken är enligt dig den mest spännande/givande produkten ni utvecklat? Varför
Vad vill du lära dig ur en process?
Berätta om en innovation som var betydelsefull för dig eller företaget
Något helt galet? Hur kommer man på en stor idé? När börjar man märka hur en idé går
att förverkligas?
117

Alexander West

Berätta om en innovationsprocess som du upplever som misslyckad
Har ni haft någon utvecklingsprocess som kanske inte gått så bra, varför minns du den?
Egen lärdom
Pågående innovationer?
Hur styrs de?
Hur uppmuntrar man till kreativitet?
Kan ni använda er av extern hjälp? Tillit?
Några utmaningar hittills? Vad anser ni vara er främsta fördel/er styrka när det kommer
till innovation?
Hur mycket tid och resurser lägger ni på en ny idé innan ni beslutar om ni kommer
använda den eller inte?
Hur ser er innovationsstrategi/utvecklingsstrategi ut?

Begränsningar och möjligheter för innovation
Skapar extern utveckling nya möjligheter för er? Hur anpassar ni er till ny teknologi
inom sjöfarten?
Då ni producerar en produkt/tjänst för en kund, händer det att kundens behov/krav
ändrar under processen? Hur löser ni det?
Främsta problemen när det kommer till innovationer? Vad begränsar er?
Tid?
Kostnad?
Teknologin och implementering?
Lagar och takorganisationer?
Hurdana krav/förfrågningar kan kunder komma med? Ger kunder ofta idéer/grund för
ny innovationsutveckling?
Varifrån kommer största konkurrensen? Inhemsk/Utländsk, håller finska företag
samman?
Miljötänkande – Hot/Möjlighet, har synen på det förändrats?
118

Alexander West

Klustret
Hur skulle du beskriva det finska maritima klustret?
Vad är din roll/ditt företags roll i klustret?
På vilket sätt påverkas ni av det?
Vem styr klustret enligt er och känner ni att ni kan påverka klustret?
På vilket sätt upplever ni att ni är en del av ett kluster?
Hur upplever du att du drar nytta av klustret?
Finland jämfört med andra länder
Hur ser ditt eget nätverk ut?
Löper kommunikation och logistik bra i klustret/nätverket?
Framtida möjligheter?
Var verkar ni? På vilket sätt har geografisk plats inverkan? Vad är fördelen med en
industri som har många aktörer på en begränsad geografisk plats?
Kan takorganisationer vara till nytta? Vilka projekt är ni med i? Vad är er roll i
projekten?
Vilka begränsningar sätter takorganisationer på er? Vilken nytta får ni av
takorganisationer?
Tekes, DIMECC, universitetsprojekt, miljöprojekt (Saaristo siistinä och dylikt), EU
Hurdant är det statliga stödet för sjöfartsindustrin? (OBS! inte bara pengastöd)
Stora innovationer för hela klustret? – Hur påverkar de er?
På vilka sätt kan de takorganisationer påverka innovationer?
Den Norske Veritas, Fackförbund, Staten (Lagar och förordningar), EU
Politik
Relationer till EU & andra länder

Avslutning
Har du ytterligare kommentarer? Något att tillägga?
119

Alexander West

Kan du rekommendera någon som du tycker vi borde intervjua?

120

Alexander West

Svensk Sammanfattning – Swedish Summary
Från Artesanarbete till Automatisering – En stuide om innovation i Finlands
maritima kluster
Under de senaste åren har innovation kommit att bli ett av de trendigaste begreppen då
vi talar om likväl samhällelig utveckling som utveckling i företagsvärlden. Begreppet
Innovation används av många för att förklara den snabba utveckling som vi sett under
de senaste årtionden i samhället men fenomenet är absolut ingenting nytt och människor
har skapat nya lösningar och innoverat ända sedan männsklighetens begynnelse.
Syfte med avhandlingen
Syftet med denna avhandling är att undersöka hur organisationer inom Finlands
maritima kluster innoverar, hurdana innovationsmodeller organisationerna har och om
vi kan se sjöfartsindustrin i Finland some ett industriellt kluster.
I min forskning går jag även in på om organisationer gör en skillnad mellan
inkrementella och radikala innovationer samt om det finns några hinder för innovation
inom klustret.
Sjöfartsindustrin och det maritima klustret har kännetecknts som traditionellt i tidigare
studier så en del av min analysis fokuserar på hur mina informanter upplever klustret
och hur tradition kan påverka innovationsförmågan.
En introduktion till sjöfart och Finlands maritima mluster
Sjöfart och vattentransport har alltid varit av stor betydelse för människan då jorden är
till 70% täckt av hav och vattenyta. De första civilisationerna byggdes vid hav och
vattendrag för att trygga tillgången till vatten samt för att smidigare kunna transportera
människor och varor från en plats till en annan. Kustområden nära civilisationerna
befolkades snabbt och människan nyttjade vattnet till både transport och fiske. För att
enklara kunna transportera sig till närliggande byar och områden utvecklades mer
avancerade båtar och farkoster och dessa forna tider kom att sätta grundpelarna för den
sjöfartsindustrin vi har idag. Då sjöfarten varit av så stor betydelse för människan
korrelerar även dess innovationer starkt med samhällelig utveckling och många av
människans viktigaste fynd, som t.ex. sjöfararkompassen, har även skapat nya
förutsättningar för samhällelig utveckling (Stein, 2017).

121

Alexander West

Då vi vänder oss till Finlands maritima kluster och dagens sjöfartsindustri kan vi se att
vi kommit långt från tiderna då vi endast navigerade med sjöfararkompassen. Idag har
vi ett komplext maritimt kluster i Finland som omsätter över 12 miljarder euro och
består av över 3200 företag (Työ- ja elinkeinoministeriö, 2016). Dagens maritima
kluster i Finland består av många olika typer av organisationer som verkar i branscher
som sträcker sig från varsvindustrin och komponenttillverkning till sjötransport och
passagerarfärjor.
En Introduktion till innovation
Innovation är något som alltid skett i samhället och Rehn (2017) förklarar innovation
som något nödvändigt för att driva samhället framåt men inte nödvändigtvis förbättrar
det. Vilket betyder att innovation inte alltid driver samhället framåt i önskad riktning
men att innovationen skapar förändring och hittar sin plats på marknaden. Enligt Rehn
(2017) går kreativitet hand i hand med innovation, all innovation grundar sig i
kreativitet men all kreativitet blir nödvändigtvis inte innovationer.
Begreppet innovation definieras liknande av Rehn (2017), Rogers (2003) och Talukder
(2013) som ett fenomen som upplevs nytt och har hittat en användarpublik. Detta
betyder i praktiken att en uppfinning först blir till en innovation när människor börjar
använda den i praktiken (Rehn, 2017).
Det som bör kommas ihåg när vi pratar om innovationer är att innovation inte
nödvändigtvis betyder en ny produkt. Innovationer kan komma i olika former och kan
t.ex. vara ett nytt sätt att utföra en syssla eller en ny kod för webbsidor men en
innovation kan inte vara en abstrakt idé som inte blivit implementerad och funnit sitt
användningsområde (Talukder,2013).
Radikala och Inkrementella Innovationer
Efter att vi har definierat begreppet innovation kan vi konstatera att det är väldigt brett
och däför kan innovation delas in i två grupper, inkrementella innovation och radikala
innovationer.
Inkrementella innovationer handlar om förbättring till existerande lösningar medan
radikala innovationer är något helt nytt som förändrar samhällets, en organisations, eller
någons sätt att agera (Benner & Tuschman, 2003). Inkrementella innovationer sker ofta
som en följd av förändring och handlar om att trygga och stärka den egna positionen på
122

Alexander West

marknaden. Inkrementella innovationer sker ofta i följd av teknologisk utveckling men
kan också handla om att stärka kärnkompetenser inom en organisation. Radikala
innovationer å andra hand är något som inte har setts förut och som skapar ny kunskap
samt nya marknadsmöjligheter. Radikala innovationer är ofta knytna till risk då det
förutsätter utvecklingen av någonting helt nytt men kan resultera i stort framgång om
innovationen finner sin plats på marknaden (Sheng & Chien, 2016).
En radikal innovation kan även vara disruptiv om det är en anpassning av en existerande
lösning som når ut till en ny publik (Yu & Hang, 2010). Ett bra exempel på detta är
GSM-telefonen som inte erbjöd bättre kvalitet för telefonsamtal men istället fokuserade
på rörlighet. Till en början var huvudgruppen för denna innovation resande affärsmän
men då storleken minskade och samtalskvaliteten förbättrades kom den senare att totalt
förändra marknaden (Dunnewijk & Hultén, 2007).
Innovationsprocesser
En innovationsprocess är en modell för hur organisationer utvecklar och implementerar
innovationer (Rehn, 2017). I min avhandlingen har jag valt att huvudsakligen fokusera
på två typer av innovationsprocesser, nämligen den linjära och den cykliska modellen.
Den linjära innovationsprocess delar in processes i sex stadier, vilka är: idégenerering,
idéutveckling, prototypsfas, testningfas, lanseringsfas och responsfas (Rehn, 2017). Den
linjära modell jag valt att använda mig av i avhandlingen baserar sig på modellerna av
Rehn (2017), Verworn och Herstatt (2002) och Cooper (1996) och benäms som en
tredje generations inovationsprocess. Linjära modeller används ofta för
produktutveckling då de olika stadierna är väldefinierade och enkla att följa (Everleens,
2010).
Den cykliska innovationsmodellen, som jag också lyfter fram i min avhandling, var
utvecklad under 1990-talet för att förklara förändring i organisationer (Berkhout,
Hartmann & Trott, 2010). Denna modell fokuserar främst på innovationsförmågan i en
organisation och lägger det i kontext till externa faktorer som teknologi och
marknadsutveckling samt vilka insikter organisationen har fått dess tidigare projekt
(Schoen, Mason, Kline & Bunch, 2005). En cyklisk modell ger även organisationens
medlemmar möjlighet att ta samtliga interna och externa faktorer i beaktande. Den
cykliska modellen används främst av organisationer i strategier och i mer överblickande

123

Alexander West

syften och en organisation kan välja att tillämpa flera olika typer av
innovationsprocesser.
Organisationer behöver inte nödvändigtvis använda sig av utstakade modeller för sina
innovationsprocesser och mindre företag har ofta mer informella innovationsprocesser
för att kunna fungera mer dynamiskt (Everleens, 2010).
Industriella Kluster
Michael Porter (1998, s. 78) definierar ett kluster som ”en geografiskt bunden grupp av
sammankopplade organisationer och företag som verkar inom liknande områden” och
det är precis vad det finlands marinindustri är. Det finländska maritima klustret består
huvudsakligen av sex undergrupper som är; Frakt, kryssning, Ro-ro passagerartraffik,
Olje & gasproduktion (Offshore) samt offentliga sektorns verksamhet och krav (Työ- ja
elinkeinoministeriö, 2016).
I forskningsdelen av min avhandling har jag valt att fokusera på samtliga av dessa
områden bortsett från Olje & gasproduktion (Offshore) då det starkt går in i det finska
energiklustret.
Då ett kluster kartläggs är det viktigt att förstå dess komplexitet och hur företag och
organisationer sammverkar med varandra (Porter, 2000). Organisationer kan också vara
del av flera industriella kluster om klustren överlappar varandra, som t.ex.det finska
energiklustret och det maritima klustret.
En av de huvudsakliga konkurrensfördelen som kommer från ett kluster är den
geografiskt nära kontakten och positionen mellan organisationer (Dunning, 1998).
Enligt Porter (1998) kommer klustrets fördelar och kännetecken från fyra olika
kategorier vilka är: Organisationer strategi och rivalitet, efterfrågan, relaterade och
stödande näringsgrenar samt ingångsvillkor.

Kluster och Innovation
Kontakten mellan organisationer och både det direkta och indirekta utbytet av kunskap
är faktorer som ökar innovativt tänkande för organisationer inom kluster.
Organisationer, även konkurrerande, arbetar ofta för ett gemensamt mål och

124

Alexander West

sammarbetar med olika delar av klustret för att nå det bästa möjliga slutresultatet.
(Klimova, Kozyrev & Babkin, 2016).
Det sociala kapitalet som uppstår inom ett kluster är också av stort värde för
innovationer. Personer skapar egna nätverk också inom klustret var de delar erfarenheter
och kan få inspiration av varandra. Högteknologiska kluster har även en fördel då det
finns ett utbud av experter för den specifika näringsgrenen som kan användas i en
geografiskt begränsad position. (Klimova, Kozyrev & Babkin, 2016).
Min Studie
Min avhandling är gjord som en abduktiv studie eftersom jag samlat data och skrivit
mitt teorikapitel under samma tidsperiod. Jag har valt att göra en abduktiv studie då den
inte ugår enbart från teorin eller mitt samlade data utan ger mig möjlighet att reflektera
över teorin och hur den sammanknyter till mitt samlade material (Björklund &
Paulsson, 2007).
Då jag började min studie hade jag inte en klar forskningsfråga utan den utvecklades då
avhandlingen gick framåt. Jag började med att läsa och fördjupa mig i innovationsteori
och sedan i det finländska maritima klustret. Då jag skapat mig en bättre bild av det
maritima klustret valde jag att skriva min intervjuguide för att på bästa sätt kunna
använda datan i min analys. Den insamlade datan för min avhandling består av tio semistrukturerade intervjuer med personer från olika organisationer och som har olika roller
i det maritima klustret. Mina intervjuer tog mellan 45 minuter och två timmar och kan
såvida klassas som djupintervjuer.
Då en studie utförs är det viktigt att fråga sig vilket metodval som lämpar sig bäst för
materialinsamlande. En kvantitativ metod är fördelaktig då ett stort sampel behövs men
lämpar sig bäst för studier som kan förklara resultatet i siffror. En kvalitativ metod
lämpar sig för studier där forskaren vill djupdyka i ett specifikt ämne eller händelse då
forskaren får en bättre förståelse från sina specifika fall (Paulsson och Björklund, 2007).
Kvalitativa studier fokuserar också främst på att förklara resultatet i ord men förmågan
att generalisera mellan fallen är lägre då en kvalitativ studie oftast inte tar lika många
fall i beaktande som en kvantitativ (Paulsson och Björklund, 2007).
Den kvalitativa metod som jag har användt mig av är intervujer. Som jag nämnde är
mina intervjuer semi.strukturerade och kan klassas som djupintervjuer. Då jag började
125

Alexander West

med min studie hade jag inte en klar hypotes, vilket ofta är fallet för kvalitativa studier
(Silverman, 2012), utan jag utvecklade mina forsknignsfrågor i samband med att jag
samlade in mer material. Mitt intervjumaterial består av tio stycken intervjuer. Alla
personer som jag intervjuade är anonymiserade eftersom personer ofta återger sina
historier och erfarenheter bättre då de vet att materialet anonymiserar. Interjvuerna
användes också för projektet ”IRM-Tool” och därför var det även viktigt att personerna
i intervjuerna kan vara anonyma.
Orsaken till varför jag valde det Finländska martima klustret är att jag gjorde min
forskning som en del av projektet ”IRM-Tool” som jobbade med kreativa branscher och
den Finländska sjöfartsindustrin. Jag tycker också att det maritima klustret i Finland är
väldigt intressant då sjöfarten har varit av historiskt stark betydelse i Finland. Det har
inte heller tidigare gjorts många innovationsstudier om det maritima klustret och de som
har utförts har till stor del varit kvantitativa. I min studie fokusrar jag på hur personer
upplever sina organisationers innovationsprocesser men även på de egna erfarenheterna
och upplevelserna av innovationer.
Jag valde att återge de tio intervjuerna som jag samlade in som berättelser i min
avhandling för att läsaren skall få en starkare anknytinign till personerna samt en bättre
bild av hurdana personer som finns i det maritima klustret och hur de upplever
innovationer. Jag tror också läsaren bättre förstår mångfaldet inom klustret och hur
personer ser på innovation genom att läsa berättelserna.
Efter berättelserna valde jag att använda mig av en tematisk anlalysis där jag behandlar
de teman som starkast kom fram från mina intervjuer. I analysen knyter jag även mina
forskningsfrågor till dessa teman och svarar senare på dem även i diskussionsdelen av
anlyskapitlet.
Tematisk Analys
Då jag analyserar tio djupintervjuer anser jag en tematisk analys är mest ändamålsenlig.
Jag fem teman jag lyft fram som de mest centrala i mitt intervjumaterial är följande:
1. Berätta exakt vad du såg och förklara vad du tror det betyder
2. Traditionellt tänkande eller nytänkande?
3. Linjär, cyklisk eller odefinierade inovationsprocesser?
4. Kunder och målgrupper för innovationer
126

Alexander West

5. Det Finländska maritima klustret

Berätta vad du ser och förklara vad du tror det betyder
Denna rubrik fungerar som introduktion till min analys och referensen kommer från
filmen ”Rear Window” av Alfred Hitchcock (1954). Tipset till citatet ”Tell me exactly
what you saw and what you think it means.”, Svenska “Berätta exakt vad du såg och
vad du tror det betyder” fick jag av min handledare Nina Kivinen och det lämpar sig
väldigt bra för min analys då jag ofta fått tolka informationen jag fick från mina
intervjuer och hur det relaterar till det maritima klustret. Personerna från mina intervjuer
talade ofta också om ”utvecklingsprocesser” då de refererade till inkrementala
inovationer som skett inom organisationerna. Begreppet inovation var något som nästan
”skrämde” somliga av personerna i mina intervjuer då de ofta tänkte på innovationer
som något väldigt stort och inte insåg att innovationer också kan handla om t.ex.
förbättringsprocesser (Benner och Tuschmann, 2004). Rehn (2017) förklarar också att
innovation har kommit att bli ett trendbegrepp i dagens värld och det håller även många
av personerna i mina intervjuer med om. Alla mina informanter konstaterade i något
skede av intervjuerna att den maritima industrin i Finland på något sett kan ses som
traditionell och min informant, Nick, sade att det till stor del beror på att kunskap och
erfarenhet värdesätts stort inom klustret. Med dessa ord går vi nu vidare till nästa ämne
av analysen nämligen ”Traditionellt tänkande eller nytänkande”?
Traditionellt tänkande eller nytänkande?
Den Finländska sjöfartsindustrin ses av många som relativt traditionell, men stämmer
verkligen det? Jag kommer nu behandla hur mina informanter ser på det maritima
klustret och de organisationer som de arbetar för.
Traditionellt, eller nästan konservativt, tänkande inom sjöfartsindustrin har sitt ursprung
längre bak i tiden eftersom skepp alltid varit knutna till stora investeringar och höga
säkerhetsföreskrifter. För att ett skepp eller fartyg skall få sättas i trafik så är det viktigt
att det uppfyller många säkerhets- och miljöföreskrifter. Dessa föreskrifter har under
tidens gång långt påverkat innovationsviljan inom sjöfarten då det ofta varit väldigt dyrt
och osäkert att utveckla nya lösningar som inte säkert kommer fungera i praktiken.
127

Alexander West

Eftersom sjöfarten och marinindustrin idag förändras i en snabbare takt än någonsin förr
är det dock vikigt att organisationer kan anpassa sig till marknaden och den allt
snabbare teknologiska utvecklingen.
Rubriken på min avhandling ”Från artesanarbete till automatisering” är ett citat av Nick
från min första intervju. Enligt Nick så har han sett en stor förändring hur arbetet görs
inom det maritima klustret och de organisationer han arbetat inom. Då han kom in i
industrin handlade det ofta mer om att det fanns en person som hade en specialkunskap
och kunde utveckla någon specifik lösning och då vände sig alla till honom/henne för
att få den lösningen. I dagens läge däremot så är mycket till stor del automatiserat och
det krävs att personer numera har ett högteknologiskt kunnande då organisationer allt
mer tillförlitar sig på teknologi än bara ”personer som alltid gjort en lösning”.
Nick sade dock att dessa specialkunskaper som funnits inom sjöfartsindustrin har skapat
en stolthet hos personer klustret. Stoltheten är något jag kunde se hos så gott som alla de
personer jag intervjuade och i dags läge grundar den sig mycket också i utbildning och
den allt bredare expertisen som personerna har.
Då det kommer till om det maritima klustret är mer traditionellt tänkande eller
nytänkande var personerna jag intervjuade eniga. Det har varit ett traditionellt kluster
men då det kommer allt mer yngre människor och kvinnor in i branschen och den
teknologiska utvecklingen sker allt snabbare så har det också uppstått väldigt mycket
nytänkade. Nick sade dock att personer som vill ta sig snabbt framåt i sin karriär ännu
behöver ganska mycket ”skinn på näsan” då det ofta är många äldre, framförallt män,
som sitter i högre positioner i många maritima organisationer.
Carl sade även att han ser att de bästa nya lösningar kommer fram då många olika röster
inom organisationen tas i beaktande och att han gärna ser att många delar med sig av
sina åsikter. Då Carl arbetar inom en högre position i sitt företag visar också detta på att
det skett en förändring i tänkande i hans organisation och förmodligen många andra.

Linjär, Cyklisk eller odefinierade innovationsprocesser?

128

Alexander West

Då det kommer till innovationsprocesserna inom organisationer i det maritima klustret
så såg de väldigt olika ut. Organisationer som arbetar med mer tekniska lösningar och
produktutveckling tenderar att ha mer linjära processer, väldigt lik Rehn (2017) och
Coopers (1996) linjära modell.
Nick, Matt och Jonathan förklarade alla sina erfarenheter av innovationer som linjära
processer var en prototyp tagits fram från en idé och som sedan testats grundligt både
inom organisationen och av kunder. Jonathan förklarade även att han var väldigt nöjd då
mång av de kunder som kan klassas som innovätörer (Rogers, 1962) testade hans
organisations nya lösning i ett tidigt skede. Produkten som Jonathan utvecklade är en
produkt som kan tilläggas ovanpå ett fartyg för att spara bränsel och driva fartyget mer
miljövänligt.
Carl och Daniel förklarade sina innovationsmodeller som något ”större” och mer
inkluderat i strategin som liknar en cyklisk modell. Daniel sade att innovation är något
som blivit väldigt viktig för dem för att kunna fungera mer effektiv och att det är något
som är inkluderat i organisationens strategi. Daniel hade tagit del av många
innovationsprocesser och han sade att då han jobbar med hamnverksamhet har
förbättrade logistiklösningar och informationsbehandlingsprogram varit viktigt
innovationer för organisationen.
Steve konstaterade också att han sett flera stora förändring inom branschen som skett till
följd av innovationer och konstaterade att den största nog var IT och datoriseringen
under 90-talet och tidigt 2000-tal. I dagsläge konstaterade Steve att hans organisation
inte direkt jobbar med radikala innovationer utan främst med förbättringsprocesser och
imitering av beprövat fungerade lösningar. Steves organisation arbetar med sjöfart och
logistik och han sade att ”economy of scale” är den modell de jobbar med och att de är
senare än många andra organisationer att implementera nya lösningar.
Tom som jobbar i en idell organisation sade att han främst jobbar med olika projekt som
har ett början och ett slut. Projekten ser ofta ut som så att de har en idé som de utveklar
och implementerar vilket är en linjär process. Toms organisation arbetar med allt från
privatpersoner, skolor till de största aktörerna i det Finska maritima klustret.
Sam och Anton som bägge två arbetar inom mindre organisationer sade att deras
innovationsproesser är mindre formella och Sam sade att inom hans eget företag så

129

Alexander West

ansvarar han för idéprocessen och då han behöver anlitar han externa organisationer för
att förverkliga vissa lösningar:
Det kan alltså konstateras att det finns många olika typer av innovationsprocesser och
ofta är de linjära processerna mer relaterade till en direkt utveckling medan den cykliska
innovationsmodellen kan vara implementerad i en organisations strategi. Dawson &
Andriopoulos (2004) konstaterade också att det inte finns en enskild optimal lösning för
innovationer och att många organisationer väljer att använda sig av flera olika
innovationsprocesser.
Kunder och Målgrupper för innovation
Tid och monetära tillgångar kan ses som begränsingar för innovationsskapande i det
Finska maritima klustret. Kunder förväntar sig ofta återbetalningstid för en ny lösning
på maximalt 5 år och detta är en väldigt kort tid med tanke på att nya lösningar på fartyg
ofta används en betydligt längre tid. Sam och Nick förklarade väldigt mycket om detta
båda två och Matt sade även att det ofta är investerare bakom sjöfartsföretag som inte är
villiga att investera i lösningar som inte genast är lönsamma. Detta gäller dock främst
nya teknologiska innovationer som implementeras på fartyg.
Då det kommer till designen av nya fartyg sade Matt att det vikitgaste är att alltid
leverera en ritning till kunden inom den utstatta tidsramen. Matt sade även att det
händer sig att de utvecklat nya lösningar för sina kunder men att hans organisation alltid
levererar lösningar till kunden av högsta kvalitet men att de inte heller vill överleverera
med nya lösningar utöver överenskommelsen för då kan organisationen missa ut på
eventulla framtida projekt.
Miljöregleringar är också något som påverkat innovationstänkande inom organisationer.
Nya tekniska lösningar och innovationer har tenderat uppstå i sjöfarten när
miljödirektiven blir mer strikta sade Nick. Tom konstaterade också att privatpersoner
och mindre företag i regel varit positiva till att börja använda mer miljövanliga
alternativ och nya lösningar än föurt.
Steve som både är en aktör inom sjöfarten men också kund hos andra organisationer
inom det finska klustret konstaterade att hans organisation inte alltid är de första att
implementera nya lösnignar eftersom det är viktigt att de är lönsamma och fungerande.

130

Alexander West

Om något visar sig fungera så har de ofta vidareutvecklat lösning för att sedan
implementeras på fler fartyg.
Jonathans organisation hade utvecklat sin lösning då de upptäckt en existerande lösning
från tidigt 1900-tal som aldrig tidigare implementerats funktionerande på fartyg som de
sedan valde att utveckal, vilket är ett bra exempel på en radikal innovation inom
klustret. Rehn (2017) skriver att en radikal innovation behöver uppfattas som ny hos
användarna och hitta sin målgrupp och detta har denna tekniska innovatin verkligen
gjort.
Carl konstaterade cokså att hans organisation både arbetar med radikala och
inkrementella innovationer men att hans favorit är något han kallade för ”innovation
light” som är mindre lösningar som visat sig vara lönsamma för organisationen, dessa är
bra exempel på inkrementella innovationer.
Utgående från mina intervjuer har det visat sig finnas en efterfrågan på både mer
radikala innovationer och till kontinuerlig förbättring av existerande lösningar. Kunden
är ofta i fokus, oavsett om det är passageraren eller ett annat företag som är
slutanvändaren för en lösning. Många av personerna i mina intervjuer berättade också
med iver om de både radikala och inkrementella innovationerna som de utvecklat till
följd av miljödirektiv eller utgående från en idé som uppstått inom organisationen eller
klustret. Inkrementella innovationer refererades till som ”utvecklingsprocesser” i nästan
alla mina intervjuer och dessa sker i alla organisationer som är delaktiga i min studie.
Det Finländska maritima klustret
I alla mina intervjuer behandlade vi på sätt eller annat det Finländska maritima klustret
och samtliga berättade om sina egna erfarenheter av projekt mellan olika organisationer.
Vissa gick mer in på djupet av klustrets vikt för den Finska marinindustrin och Steve,
Matt, Jonathan, Carl och framförallt Nick sade att klustret är väldigt viktigt för industrin
och att det ses som ett högteknologist kluster. Också personerna jag intervjuade från
mindre organisationer berättade hur de var medlemmar i klustret och hur de kunde dra
nytta av det på sätt eller annat så det kan konstaterats att det finns ett Finländskt
maritimt kluster och att personer uppfattar sig vara delaktiga i det. Vissa av personerna
jag intervjuade gick också in på att det Finska klustret är en del av ett Nordiskt maritimt
kluster.

131

Alexander West

Diskussion och slutsatser
Jag uppfattar mig ha fått svar på mina forskningsfrågor ”hur innoverar organisationer i
det finska maritima klustret?” samt ”hur ser organisationer innovationsprocesser ut?”.
Alla de organisationer som jag fördjupade mig i innoverar och som Rehn (2017)
konstaterar så innoverar nästan alla organisationer på sätt eller annat för bibehålla sin
position på marknaden. Radikala innovationer och tekniska innovationer tenderar att ha
mer formella modeller medan inkrementella innovationer kan uppstå till följd av idéer
eller efter att ett problem har identifierats. Det som jag tycker relaterar bra till att mer
tekniska innovationer har mer formellt definierade processer är vad Nick sade
”Ingenjörer gillar att använda sig av klara strukturer”. Som Laforet (2010) skriver är
också definierade processer enklare att hantera och styra inom organisationen och
många av de organisationerna jag fördjupade mig i hade någon form av modell för
projekt eller innovationer och mer avancerade utvecklingsprocesser. Både linjära och
cykliska modeller används och det visade sig även att framför allt mindre organisationer
ofta ser på innovationsprocesser som något som uppstår informellt eller grundar sig i en
bra idé. Everleens (2010) skriver att mindre organisationer ofta nytta av informella
modeller och flexibilitet medan större organisationer gynnas mer av mer formella
innovationsprocesser.
Traditionstänkande är något som håller på att förändras inom organisationer och klustret
vilket jag gick in på i djupet i mitt tidigare kapitel. Orsaken varför det maritima klustret
har upplevts som traditionellt svarade personerna jag intervjuade att kan bero på att
expertis och erfarenhet värderas starkt inom organisationer och att många positioner
inom klustret kräver högre utbildning. Den teknologiska utvecklingen har dock influerat
det traditionella tänkande och många sade att nytänkande och innovativt tänkande går
hand i hand.
Slutligen vill jag säga att eftersom mitt sampel består av tio intervjuer kan jag inte dra
några definitiva slutsateser men att det kan konstateras att det finns ett maritima kluster
och att flera innovationer har uppstått inom det.

132

Alexander West

133

