MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Isabella Alinikula

MIGRANTS AT THE BORDERS OF EUROPE: THE EUROPEAN
FRAMEWORK FOR PROTECTION AGAINST PUSHBACKS AND
COLLECTIVE EXPULSIONS

Master’s thesis in Public
International Law
Master’s Programme in
International Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi
Spring 2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human
Rights Law
Author: Isabella Alinikula
Title of the Thesis: Migrants at the borders of Europe: The European Framework for
Protection against Pushbacks and Collective expulsions
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Supervisor:
Abstract:
Practices of pushbacks and collective expulsions have become an increasingly worrying
trend at the external borders of European countries. While several states have been dealing
with an increased migratory pressure, reports by international organizations have revealed
that migrants are being immediately returned at borders and denied access to asylum. These
reports have concerned actions taken particularly at the borders of EU Member states.
Pushbacks can be described as referring broadly to the informal expulsion (without due
process) of an individual or group to another country. Notably, the immediate rejection and
removal of migrants at borders make it impossible for the authorities to assess the protection
needs of migrants and to assure that migrants enjoy their human rights and fundamental
freedoms. One of the highest risks attached to pushbacks and collective expulsions is the
violation of the non-refoulement principle, which prohibits expulsion if there is a real risk
that the person concerned would be subject to ill-treatment in the country of destination.
Evidently, the absence of the risk of refoulement can only be assured through examining the
individual situation.
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR) and
Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights (EU Charter) explicitly prohibit the
collective expulsion of aliens. The definition of a “collective expulsion”, as provided by the
European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR), indicates “any measure compelling aliens, as a
group, to leave a country, except where such a measure is taken on the basis of a reasonable
and objective examination of the particular case of each individual alien of the group”. Two
aspects are thus of relevance; first, that the individual in question is expelled together with
other persons, as a group, and secondly, the fact that his/her situation was not examined
individually by the national authorities. Despite Protocol No. 4 having been established
already in 1963, the ECtHR has ruled a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 in only eight
cases. In addition, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) has never been asked
to interpret Article 19 (1). Thus, several questions remain open regarding the prohibition of
collective expulsion and how this applies to an individual who forms part of a group. As the
case law of the ECtHR concerning collective expulsions have increased rapidly over the
recent years, judges of the Court have been compelled to assess these questions.
In the present thesis, the aim is to provide an answer to some of the most pressing legal
issues that have emerged in the case law of the Court concerning the prohibition of collective
expulsion. Notably, the purpose is to provide valuable guidance in assessing when an
expulsion has been of a collective nature, particularly in relation to situations of pushbacks
at borders. The analysis will be done first by analysing the relevant case law of the ECtHR
and second, by examining the relevant EU law and the case law of the CJEU. As the

ii

prohibition of collective expulsion is highly interlinked with the need for procedural
safeguards and legitimate reasons justifying expulsion, this thesis focuses particularly on the
procedural guarantees which can be derived from the prohibition. Since the most crucial part
of the prohibition entails the right to an individual and objective examination of the particular
case of each alien of the group, the purpose will be to clarify the level of individual
examination which is required under the prohibition.
As this thesis will show, specific guidelines are in place to determine when an expulsion has
been of a collective nature. The case law of the ECtHR establishes effective procedural
guarantees under Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to prevent collective expulsions. Similar
procedural guarantees can be deduced from the case law of the CJEU, although these have
not been explicitly interpreted under Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter. Thus, while effective
procedural guarantees are in place in Europe to prevent collective expulsions at borders, as
will be demonstrated, these procedural guarantees are not necessarily applied in practice in
pushback-situations. A particular concern is the widespread silence on the EU level on the
issues of pushbacks and collective expulsions of migrants. Further, as the case-law on Article
4 of Protocol No. 4 has only recently been increasing, clarification of the specific content of
the prohibition is needed. As pushbacks and collective expulsions continue to be a serious
issue at the bordering countries of Europe, the case law on Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is
destined to increase and the forthcoming judgments will give the Court an opportunity to
further reflect and clarify the legal issues identified in this thesis.

Key words: Prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens, Pushbacks, Border control,
Migration, European Convention on Human Rights, Charter of Fundamental Rights of the
European Union
Date: 01.02.2021
Number of pages: 90 (74 + 16)
Number of words (excl. bibliography and annexes:
32 652
The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

iii

Table of contents
List of abbreviations ............................................................................................................... vi
1. Introduction .......................................................................................................................... 1
1.1. Background ................................................................................................................... 1
1.2. Research questions and structure ............................................................................... 4
1.3. Method, sources and limitations .................................................................................. 5
2. Pushbacks of migrants: The protection against arbitrary expulsion.............................. 8
2.1. The issue with pushbacks at borders and the principle of non-refoulement ........... 8
2.2. Protection against expulsion and the European Convention on Human Rights ... 12
2.2.1. The application of the Convention to expulsion cases ...................................... 12
2.2.3. Extraterritorial scope of the convention ............................................................ 16
2.3 The role of the European Union ................................................................................. 17
2.3.1 Pushbacks in the context of the European Union .............................................. 17
2.3.2 The relationship between the EU and the ECHR and relevant EU law for the
protection against arbitrary expulsion ........................................................................ 19
3. The prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens ............................................................. 24
3.1 Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR .................................................................... 24
3.1.1 Adoption of Protocol No. 4 ................................................................................... 24
3.1.2. The definition of “collective expulsion of aliens” .............................................. 28
3.1.3 The territorial applicability and jurisdiction ..................................................... 31
3.1.4 The relationship between Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and other provisions
inherent in the ECHR .................................................................................................... 34
3.2 Article 19 (1) in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights ......................................... 37
4. Procedural guarantees preventing the collective expulsion ........................................... 39
4.1 Procedural guarantees in Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 ............................................... 39
4.1.1 The right to an individual and objective examination ........................................... 39
4.1.2 The right to legal aid and access to information ................................................ 42
4.2 A restrictive approach taken by the Grand Chamber ............................................. 45

iv

4.2.1 The conditions of the individual interview ......................................................... 45
4.2.2 The exception of the “own culpable conduct” .................................................... 49
4.3 Procedural guarantees in EU Law ............................................................................. 54
4.3.1 The right to an individual and objective examination ....................................... 54
4.3.2. The right to be heard ........................................................................................... 57
4.4. The required level of individual examination prior to expulsion ........................... 60
5. Future prospects................................................................................................................. 65
6. Conclusion .......................................................................................................................... 69
Bibliography ............................................................................................................................. I

v

List of abbreviations
CAT

Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment

CJEU

The Court of Justice of the European Union

CPT

The European Committee for the Prevention of Torture and Inhuman or
Degrading Treatment or Punishment

ECHR

The European Convention on Human Rights

ECtHR

The European Court of Human Rights

EU

The European Union

EU Charter

The Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union

FRA

The European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights

ICCPR

International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights

TEU

Treaty of the European Union

TFEU

Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union

UNHCR

The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees

UNHCHR

The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights

vi

1. Introduction
1.1. Background
Throughout history, people have left, or have been forced to leave their home countries. Forced
migration has led to people searching for shelter in a country other than their country of origin.
In response to the growing migratory pressure, several states have reacted by developing
policies preventing migrants from arriving in their territory. The practice of pushbacks and
collective expulsions of migrants is not a recent phenomenon and has often been the
unacceptable result of states’ border management in times of crisis and instability. Practices
and policies of pushbacks and collective expulsions present a flagrant denial of human rights
and have widespread consequences on the individuals affected by such practices. 1 The
immediate rejection of migrants at borders has led to denying them the opportunity to lodge an
asylum application and to receive a full and fair examination of their claims.2 As a result of the
pushbacks, migrants are not in the country anymore, thus leaving them unaware of which
procedural steps to take.3
The resulting state liability for human rights breaches during immigration and border control
operations can be described as one of the most burning issues in Europe today.4 The issue with
the collective expulsion and pushbacks of migrants has become an increasingly worrying trend
at the borders of European states, and this has been reflected in an increased number of
decisions issued by the European Court of Human Rights (ECtHR or “the Court”) on this
matter. While the focus of discussions surrounding the European borders is often directed
towards the European Union (EU) and specifically the Dublin system, the ECtHR has actively
decided on cases concerning migrants and refugees and has an important role in upholding the
basic human rights of individuals entering borders of Member States of the Council of Europe.
As is well-established universally, states have the right to decide whether to allow foreign
nationals in their territory or to expel them. Essentially, this is one of the most strongly
protected principles of international law,5 and has been characterized as an inherent attribute

1

Strik, 2020, pp. 234–258, 251.
Written Submission by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in the Case of
Sharifi and others v. Italy and Greece, (16643/09), 21.10.2014.
3
Strik, 2020, pp. 234–258, 252.
4
Concurring opinion of Judge Pinto de Albuquerque in M.A. and Others v. Lithuania, (59793/17), 11.12.2018.
5
Pirjola, 2007, pp. 639–660, 643.
2

1

of the sovereignty of every state.6 However, international human rights law provides for some
important limitations on a state’s sovereign freedom to remove a foreign national from its
territory.7 The most important among these are the principle of non-refoulement and the
prohibition of collective expulsion, which can both be found in the European Convention on
Human Rights (ECHR or “the Convention”) and the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights (EU
Charter).
The principle of non-refoulement is an important element of the legal regime applicable to
states’ border management and prohibits return if a person is at risk of being subject to torture
or other inhuman or degrading treatment in the country where the person is sent back.8 The
prohibition of collective expulsions, however, aims to ensure that each person in a group of
non-nationals is not being removed without a prior reasonable and objective examination of
the particular circumstances of that particular individual’s case. In Europe, this due process
right can be found in Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR and Article 19 (1) of the EU
Charter, which both provide that “collective expulsions of aliens is prohibited“.9 While short
in formulation, the ECtHR has provided for a definition of “collective expulsion” in its case
law, defining it as “any measure compelling aliens, as a group, to leave a country, except where
such a measure is taken on the basis of a reasonable and objective examination of the particular
case of each individual alien of the group”.10
Despite Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR having been established already in 1963, for decades, all
cases concerning Article 4 of the protocol were declared inadmissible. It was not until in 2002
that the Court found the first breach of this guarantee, in the case of Čonka v. Belgium.
Recently, this provision has been invoked more often and the prohibition of collective
expulsion has especially gained importance in the jurisprudence of the ECtHR after the

6

International Law Commission, Fifty-eighth session, Geneva, 2006, “Expulsion of aliens”, Memorandum by
the Secretariat, § 185, available at: http://legal.un.org/ilc/documentation/english/a_cn4_565.pdf [accessed
3.11.2020].
7
Mauro, Maria Rosaria, Detention and Expulsion of Migrants: The Khlaifia v. Italy Case, 25 Italian Y.B. Int'l L.
85, 2015.
8
Trevisanut, Seline, The Principle of Non-Refoulement And the De-Territorialization of Border Control at Sea,
Leiden Journal of International Law, 2014.
9
Council of Europe, Protocol 4 to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms, securing certain Rights and Freedoms other than those already included in the
Convention and in the First Protocol thereto (Protocol 4 to the ECHR), 16 September 1963, ETS 46, Article 4.
10
Council of Europe: European Court of Human Rights, Fact sheet - Collective expulsions of aliens, November
2013, available at: https://www.refworld.org/docid/539eb0b84.html [accessed 3.11.2020].

2

evolution of European border policies.11 While the Court has previously dealt with border
practices aimed at tackling maritime migratory flows,12 recently it has assessed the
compatibility with the Convention of those conducted at land borders, including so-called
pushbacks.13 The prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens can be seen as an important
procedural safeguard for the protection of, inter alia, the principle of non-refoulement. As the
Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights has stated, collective expulsions or
pushbacks of migrants make it impossible for the authorities to assess the protection needs of
migrants and to assure, that migrants enjoy their human rights and fundamental freedoms,
including the protection against torture or other forms of ill-treatment as well as their right to
life.14 Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 has established a strong link between the prohibition of
collective expulsion of aliens, on the one hand, and the need for procedural safeguards and
legitimate reasons justifying expulsion, on the other hand.15 It has proved to be vital for the
protection of irregular migrants, as it extends to every foreigner.
As explained above, the prohibition of collective expulsion used to be relatively discreet in the
case-law of the ECtHR. To date, the Court has found violations of this article in only eight
cases.16 While the international community has previously witnessed a lack of clarity and
precision as concerns the rules of international law relating to the collective expulsions, 17 this
still appears to be the case, even in respect of the jurisprudence of the Court. The Court of
Justice of the European Union (CJEU) has been even more silent on the issue and has to date
never been asked to interpret Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter prohibiting collective expulsions.
Thus, several questions remain open regarding the prohibition of collective expulsion and how
this applies to an individual who forms part of a group; What exactly distinguishes a collective
expulsion of a group of people from a series of individual expulsions and which procedural

11

Jan-Yves Carlier, Luc Leboef, Collective expulsion or not? Individualisation of decision making in migration
and asylum law, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and Policy, 8.1.2018.
12
See, Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, 23.2.2012, (27765/09).
13
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, ‘Tell me your story, but hurry up because I have to expel you’ – Asady and Others v.
Slovakia: how to (quickly) conduct individual interviews and (not) apply the ND & NT “own culpable conduct”
test to collective expulsions, Strasbourg Observers, 2020; See also, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, 13.2.2020, (8675/15
and 8697/15).
14
Third party intervention by the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights in N.D. v. Spain and N.T.
v. Spain, 22 March 2018, CommDH(2018)11.
15
Rietiker, 2016, p. 656.
16
These cases are Čonka v. Belgium, Georgia v. Russia (I) [GC], Shioshvili and Others v. Russia and
Berdzenishvili and Others v. Russia, Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], Sharifi and Others v. Italy and
Greece, Moustahi v. France and M.K. and Others v. Poland.
17
International Law Commission, Fifty-eighth session, Geneva, 2006, “Expulsion of aliens”, Memorandum by
the Secretariat, § 985, available at: http://legal.un.org/ilc/documentation/english/a_cn4_565.pdf [accessed
3.11.2020].

3

guarantees can be deduced from the prohibition? As the case law of the ECtHR concerning
collective expulsions has increased recently, the judges of the Court have been compelled to
assess these questions. As this thesis will show, specific guidelines are in place to determine
when an expulsion has been of a collective nature. Further, both the case law of the ECtHR and
the CJEU establishes effective procedural guarantees to prevent individuals from being
collectively expelled. Nevertheless, as the thesis will also demonstrate, in many ways, the
argumentation still remains inconsistent, particularly relating to the level of individual
examination required under the prohibition of collective expulsions.
1.2. Research questions and structure
In light of the above, the aim of the present thesis is to study and analyze the scope and content
of the prohibition of collective expulsions in the context of pushbacks at European borders.
The primary focus will be the approach taken by the ECtHR in expulsion cases concerning
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4, providing for the prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens. Other
relevant provisions of the ECHR will also be discussed, which have a strong link with the
aforementioned article.18 Further, the thesis aims to provide for some clarification over the
relevant provisions in EU law protecting migrants from being collectively expelled at borders
of EU Member States. Here, it will be necessary to analyze the case law from the CJEU. In the
author’s view, although extensive research has been carried out in the field of expulsion in
international law, not enough has been done in relation to collective expulsion and pushbacks
of migrants at borders. This thesis aims at specifying legal issues and questions relating to
collective expulsions in the context of pushbacks at borders. The topic will be analyzed in light
of two main research questions:
1) What is the scope and content of the prohibition of collective expulsion? In
particular, which procedural guarantees can be deduced from the prohibition?
2) What is the required level of individual examination under the prohibition?
The reason for examining the research questions in the aforementioned order is that, in order
to understand what level of individual examination will be required prior to expulsion, it is first
important to grasp which procedural guarantees underlie the prohibition. In order to answer the
first question, the author will look into the basic principles which the Court has applied in its

18

These are, in particular, Article 3 and Article 13 of the ECHR.

4

previous case law concerning Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and further examine Article 19 (1) of
the EU Charter. In connection to the scope and content of the prohibition, the main focus will
be the definition as well as the territorial applicability and jurisdiction of the prohibition of
collective expulsion. In order to clarify which procedural guarantees can be deduced from the
prohibition of collective expulsion, the author will look into relevant case law from both the
ECtHR and the CJEU. Finally, in assessing the second research question, the author will aim
at making some concluding remarks over the previous findings in order to clarify the level of
individual examination which is required under the prohibition.
This thesis is divided into five main chapters. After the introduction, in Chapter 2, the author
will outline the main issues with pushbacks and clarify the current legal framework for the
protection of migrants against arbitrary expulsion. The applicability of the ECHR to expulsion
cases will be discussed, whereafter an overview of the role of the EU will be provided,
including relevant EU law for the protection against arbitrary expulsion. Here, it will be
necessary to clarify the relationship between the ECHR and EU law. The focus of the third
chapter will be the scope and content of the prohibition of collective expulsion, both under the
ECHR and the EU Charter. In Chapter 4, the author will first seek to clarify the procedural
guarantees which the Court has developed in its case law concerning Article 4 of Protocol 4
ECHR and the extent as to which these should be assured by the state. Further, a reflection over
relevant procedural guarantees in EU law will be provided, which are of relevance in protecting
migrants against collective expulsions. A particular focus will be the right to be heard, which
forms a general principle of the EU legal order. In light of the aforementioned, the author will
conclude Chapter 4 by way of examining the level of individual examination required prior to
expulsion. In Chapter 5, the author will reflect on future prospects as regards the subject matter
and finally, in Chapter 6, a summary will be provided of the main findings of this thesis.
1.3. Method, sources and limitations
This research will be based on a legal doctrinal method, in which applicable law is interpreted
with respect to the legal problem. The aim is to answer the research questions by way of
examining the sources of international law, as set forth by Article 38 (1) of the Statute of the
International Court of Justice.19 These are:

19

United Nations, Statute of the International Court of Justice, 24 October 1945, 33 UNTS 993.

5

a)

international conventions, whether general or particular, establishing rules expressly recognized by the
contesting states;

b) international custom, as evidence of a general practice accepted as law;
c)

the general principles of law recognized by civilized nations;

d) judicial decisions and the teachings of the most highly qualified publicists of the various nations, as
subsidiary means for the determination of rules of law

The author refers to “the European framework for protection” as indicating the protection
provided by both the ECHR and EU law. The ECHR and its protocols as well as the EU Charter
will be used as primary sources throughout the thesis. The author has decided to focus
particularly on these two sources, since both provide for an explicit prohibition of collective
expulsion and can be used as powerful tools to prevent pushbacks and collective expulsions at
borders. In addition to the aforementioned instruments, other relevant international conventions
and EU secondary law sources will be discussed, which are of relevance in discussing the
subject matter.20 Lately, the ECtHR has been particularly active in interpreting and developing
the scope and content of the prohibition of collective expulsion and the amount of cases relating
to collective expulsions have increased significantly over the recent years.21 Thus, analysis will
largely be based on the case law of the ECtHR. In addition to this, relevant case law from the
CJEU will be added, providing necessary interpretation for sources and general principles of
EU law.
Soft law instruments will be used throughout the thesis, which provide valuable analysis into
the discussion of collective expulsions. International organizations and NGO:s have had a
particularly active role as third party interveners in judgments concerning collective expulsions
and consequently, these will be reflected in the thesis. The judges of the ECtHR have provided
some important reflections in concurring and dissenting opinions, which will additionally be
included in the discussions. Finally, relevant legal literature and statements made by
appropriate international organizations and NGO:s will be included, in order to support the
findings. While legally non-binding, these are nevertheless crucial in order to understand the

20

Considering EU secondary law, a particular focus will be the Directive 2008/115/EC of the European
Parliament and of the Council on common standards and procedures in Member States for returning illegally
staying third-country nationals (Returns Directive).
21
Only this year, the Court has ruled upon a violation of Art. 4 of Prot. 4 ECHR already twice, with several
cases still pending before the Court. See, Council of Europe: Fact Sheet - Collective expulsion of aliens (July
2020), available at: https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/FS_Collective_expulsions_ENG.pdf [accessed
8.1.2021].

6

legal issues of collective expulsions and the general interpretation of the prohibition of
collective expulsion.
The term “pushback” will be used throughout the thesis as referring broadly to the informal
expulsion (without due process) of an individual or group to another country.22 While lacking
a legal definition, the term “pushback” is very descriptive to the core problem at hand, which
is why the author has decided to use this term. The term has also been largely used by UN High
Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the Council of Europe in order to explain the
phenomenon of informal expulsions (without due process) at borders. The primary focus of
this thesis will be collective expulsions occurring at the borders of European states, i.e., in
pushback-situations. However, other cases will also be discussed, where the arbitrary expulsion
of migrants have been of a collective nature, since these provide necessary interpretation to the
prohibition of collective expulsion.

22

See, among others, Border Violence Monitoring Network, Pusbbacks and Police Violence - Legal
Framework, available at: https://www.borderviolence.eu/legal-framework/ [accessed 14.12.2020].

7

2. Pushbacks of migrants: The protection against arbitrary expulsion
2.1. The issue with pushbacks at borders and the principle of non-refoulement
Practices of pushbacks are an increasing phenomenon at European borders.23 In several states,
reports have been submitted of migrants being immediately returned at borders and denied
access to asylum. Through pushback activities, a range of human rights are being violated, such
as the access to information, due process and legal assistance.24 As Tineke Strik formulates it,
“pushback activities can be regarded as an ultimate instrument of deterrence policies, which,
unlike other deterrent measures, doesn’t even pretend to comply with international law”.25
Reported pushbacks have concerned actions both towards migrants who find themselves
already on the territory and towards migrants who are present near or at the border, attempting
to cross it.26
While European states have been dealing with an increased migratory pressure on their external
borders, several international organizations have announced their concern regarding pushbacks
and collective expulsions of migrants.27 These concerns have largely related to practices
conducted by the national authorities of EU Member States. Reports by the EU Fundamental
Rights Agency (FRA) have revealed how an increased number of states have returned migrants
without a possibility of accessing the asylum procedure.28 FRA has witnessed a growing
intolerance in EU Member States towards migrants.29 Several states, such as Italy, Greece and
Spain, have cooperated and concluded specific bilateral agreements with third countries in
order to better control the migratory flows and facilitate repatriation. This has not been without
problems. A large number of pushbacks have, for instance, been witnessed at the GreekTurkish border, being one of the most popular routes for accessing the territory of the EU. The
controversial EU-Turkey deal, which was launched in 2016, paved the way for migrants to be
returned from Greek islands to Turkey. This led to an increase of pushbacks,30 linked with
23

Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Pushback policies and practice in the Council of Europe
member States, Resolution 2299, 2019.
24
Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 251.
25
Ibid., pp. 234-258, 251.
26
Parliamentary Assembly, Pushback policies and practice in the Council of Europe member States, Resolution
2299 (2019), § 7.
27
For instance, in June 2020, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) expressed its deep concern in
a press release about persistent reports of pushbacks and collective expulsions of migrants, in some cases
violent, at the European Union (EU) border between Greece and Turkey. Available at:
https://www.iom.int/news/iom-alarmed-over-reports-pushbacks-greece-eu-border-turkey [accessed 3.11.2020].
28
See, e.g., FRA, Periodic data collection on the migration situation in the EU: March Highlights, 2018.
29
Ibid.
30
See, e.g., Drakopoulou, Konstantinou, Koros, 2020, p. 181.

8

grave fundamental rights violations.31 Recently, the UN Special Rapporteur on the human
rights of migrants González Morales expressed his concern over the violent pushbacks at the
Greek-Turkish border and reiterated that the right to an individual assessment is a cornerstone
of human rights and cannot be put on hold.32 Similarly, the UNHCR has continuously expressed
its concern over the situation at the Greek border. According to the UNHCR, the allegations
that several groups of people may have been summarily returned have increased since the
beginning of 2020.33
The practice of pushbacks has become all the more widespread and, in some countries, it has
even been witnessed as having a structural and systematic character, being a part of broader
national policies of migration regulation.34 The structural character indicates that these
pushbacks are not merely random conducts based on incidental actions, but stem from the
higher decision makers of national authorities. An increasing number of states have had to
explain themselves before the ECtHR because of pushbacks and reported summary returns of
migrants and asylum seekers at the borders of their territory. What is deeply concerning, is that
migrants are not only facing refusal to enter the territory of the state at the border, but evidence
shows that states and their agencies are using violence and depriving migrants of food and basic
services.35 The practice of pushbacks is closely linked to the phenomenon called “pullback”.
Instead of informal expulsions or pushbacks of migrants, pullbacks aim at retaining migrants
on one side through agreements between states.36 In 2017, Italy and Libya concluded a new
Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation on Development, Combatting Illegal
Immigration, Human Trafficking and Smuggling, and on Strengthening border Security.37
Under this agreement, Italy is providing support for the Libyan Coast Guard which intercepts
migrant boats trying to reach Italy from Libya, and returns the migrants to Libya.38

31

Drakopoulou, Konstantinou, Koros, 2020, p. 175.
UN News, UN expert raises alarm over migrant, asylum seeker ‘pushbacks’ at Turkey-Greece border,
23.3.2020, available at: https://news.un.org/en/story/2020/03/10599982 [accessed 6.10.2020].
33
UNHCR, UNHCR calls on Greece to investigate pushbacks at sea and land borders with Turkey, 12.6.2020,
available at: https://www.unhcr.org/news/briefing/2020/6/5ee33a6f4/unhcr-calls-greece-investigate-pushbackssea-land-borders-turkey.html [accessed 6.10.2020].
34
Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 234.
35
Strik, 2019, p.6.
36
Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 235.
37
Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation on Development, Combatting Illegal Immigration, Human
Trafficking and Smuggling, and on Strengthening Border Security (Torino: ASGI, 2 February 2017), unofficial
translation available at http://www.asgi.it/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/ITALY-LIBYA-MEMORANDUM02.02.2017.pdf
38
Pijnenburg, 2018, pp. 396-426, 397.
32

9

One of the highest risks attached to pushbacks is the violation of the right to seek asylum and
the non-refoulement principle.39 The obligation not to expel or return (‘refouler’) a refugee in
any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be
threatened is a principle set out in Article 33 of the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of
Refugees (the 1951 Convention).40 The principle of non-refoulement is one of the most
fundamental principles protecting refugees and is often described as the cornerstone of
international refugee law. The French term refouler covers everything from removal, transfer
and rejection to expulsion and refusal of admission of a person. 41 As a matter of international
law, “refoulement is not justifiable no matter how debilitating a sudden influx of refugees might
be on a State’s resources, economy or political situation”.42 Notably, “from the perspective of
the people applying for protection, the content given to non-refoulement can be a question of
life and death”.43 Today, the principle of non-refoulement is increasingly recognized as part of
customary international law, thus having a binding effect on all states, irrespective of having
ratified the relevant conventions.44
Unlike other provisions provided in the 1951 Convention, the application of the principle of
non-refoulement is not dependent on the lawful residence of a refugee in the territory of a
Contracting State. However, an important limitation to Article 33(1) is that it applies only to
so-called “statutory refugees”, i.e., those who qualify as refugees according to the definition
provided in Article 1 of the convention, as modified by the 1967 Protocol relating to the Status
of Refugees (the 1967 Protocol). According to Article 1 of the 1951 Convention, the term
‘refugee’ can apply to “someone who is unable or unwilling to return to their country of origin
owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality,
membership of a particular social group, or political group”.45 However, the protection from
refoulement does not depend on the formal recognition of a refugee. Instead, they are treated
on the assumption that they may be refugees and therefore must be effectively protected.46

39

Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 234.
According to Article 33 (1) of the 1951 Convention “no Contracting State shall expel or return (‘refouler’) a
refugee in any manner whatsoever to the frontiers of territories where his life or freedom would be threatened on
account of his race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion.”.
41
Alland and Teitgen-Colly, Traité du droit d'asile, Paris, 2002, p. 229
42
Goodwin-Gill & McAdam, 2007, p. 333.
43
Pirjola, 2007, pp. 639-660, 656.
44
Goodwin-Gill & McAdam, 2007, p. 354.
45
UN General Assembly, Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, 28 July 1951, United Nations, Treaty
Series, vol. 189, available at: https://www.refworld.org/docid/3be01b964.html [accessed 3 September 2020]
46
UN doc. A/AC.96/815 1993, paragraph 11.
40

10

As already noted above, the principle of non-refoulement provided in the 1951 Convention is
not absolute and has some important limitations. The 1951 Convention recognizes certain cases
in which an exception to the principle of non-refoulement can legitimately be made. Article
33(2) of the 1951 Convention provides that:
The benefit of the present provision may not, however, be claimed by a refugee whom there are
reasonable grounds for regarding as a danger to the security of the country in which he is, or who, having
been convicted by a final judgment of a particularly serious crime, constitutes a danger to the community
of that country.47

Such an exception is not included in other instruments, that is either universal or regional
human rights conventions. According to the UNHCR, considering that a refugee might be
returned to a country where he is in danger of persecution, the exception provided for in Article
33(2) should be applied with the greatest caution.48 Before reaching a decision on expulsion or
return on the basis of safeguarding the national security and protecting the population, the
circumstances of the case should be taken fully into account.49
The principle of non-refoulement can also be found in Article 7 of the International Covenant
on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) as well as Article 3 of the Convention against Torture
and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (CAT). Similarly to the
ECHR, which will be discussed below, the ICCPR and the CAT goes beyond the scope of
Article 33 of the 1951 Refugee Convention. Article 3 of the CAT provides that “no State Party
shall expel, return ("refouler") or extradite a person to another State where there are substantial
grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture”. 50 Unlike the
1951 Convention, this is a non-derogable provision and permits no exceptions to the principle
of non-refoulement.51 Article 7 of the ICCPR provides that “no one shall be subjected to torture
or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. In particular, no one shall be
subjected without his free consent to medical or scientific experimentation”.52 The scope of

47

UN General Assembly, Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, 28 July 1951, United Nations, Treaty
Series, vol. 189, Article 33(2).
48
UNHCR, Note on Non-refoulement (Submitted by the High Commissioner), EC/SCP/2, 23 August 1977.
49
Ibid.
50
UN General Assembly, Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or
Punishment, 10 December 1984, United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1465, available at:
https://www.refworld.org/docid/3ae6b3a94.html [accessed 9 September 2020]
51
Goodwin-Gill & McAdam, 2007, p. 301.
52
UN General Assembly, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, 16 December 1966, United
Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 999, available at: https://www.refworld.org/docid/3ae6b3aa0.html [accessed 9
September 2020]

11

Article 7 of the ICCPR is wider than Article 3 of the CAT since it extends to cruel, inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment as well.
2.2. Protection against expulsion and the European Convention on Human Rights
2.2.1. The application of the Convention to expulsion cases
Expulsion and extradition cases are among the most important and most frequent cases of the
ECtHR.53 Through its extensive case law, the ECtHR has elaborated the conditions and
limitations for the expulsion of aliens, ultimately enhancing the protection of migrants against
State’s border practices.54 As the Court has reiterated on many occasions, states have the right,
as a matter of well-established international law, to control the entry, residence and expulsion
of aliens.55 However, this cannot be done in a manner that would violate the core articles of the
ECHR. Thus, the task of the Court is not to examine the actual asylum application or verify
how States honor their obligations under the 1951 Convention, but rather to ensure that
effective guarantees exist that protect the applicant against arbitrary refoulement.56
While the ECHR does not contain an explicit right to asylum, any asylum seeker under the
jurisdiction of a Contracting State is entitled to the rights provided by the ECHR. In reality, the
applicability of ECHR extends much further than the protection provided by the 1951
Convention. Since the ECHR is a human rights convention, it applies to “everyone,” not merely
those who qualify as a refugee according to the definition provided in the 1951 Convention.57
Article 3 of the ECHR provides that “no one shall be subjected to torture or to inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment”. While the principle of non-refoulement is not explicitly
mentioned in the ECHR, it is seen as inherent to Article 3. In Soering v. the United Kingdom
(1989) the Court held for the first time that Article 3 would prohibit expulsion if there was a
real risk that the person concerned would be subject to ill-treatment in the country of

53

Rietiker, 2016, p. 652.
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: the Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119-146, 2019.
55
See, for example, Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 113 and F.G. v. Sweden
[GC], (43611/11), 23.3.2016, § 111.
56
F.G. v. Sweden [GC], (43611/11), 23.3.2016, § 117.
57
According to Article 1(1) of the 1951 Convention, a refugee is defined as someone who is unable or unwilling
to return to their country of origin owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion,
nationality, membership of a particular social group, or political opinion.
54

12

destination.58 The case concerned the potential extradition of a Mr. Jens Soering, a German
national, to the USA by the UK to face trial in Virginia on murder charge. If convicted of
murder in Virginia, Soering could have faced death sentence and death row in Virginia. Soering
applied to the ECtHR alleging a breach of Article 3 of the ECHR, among others. The Court
found a violation of Article 3 which confirmed the absolute nature of the provision.
Additionally, it confirmed that actions of Article 3 can impose liability on a Contracting State
for acts which occur outside its jurisdiction.
According to the well-established case law of the Court, ill-treatment must reach a minimum
level of severity in order to engage responsibility of the expelling state.59 The prohibition under
Article 3 is absolute in nature, meaning that no interests can serve as ground for limiting or
derogating from this right.60 While Article 33 (2) of the 1951 Convention states that a refugee
might lose its protection if there are reasonable grounds for regarding him as a danger to the
security of the country,61 no such limitation is thus accorded by Article 3. As the Court has
held, Article 3 is absolute, preventing removal no matter how ‘undesirable and dangerous’ the
individual’s conduct.62 Further, neither the absence of an explicit request for asylum nor the
lack of substantiation of the asylum application with sufficient evidence may absolve the State
concerned of the non-refoulement obligation.63As regards States’ border controls, it has been
recognized that “non-refoulement applies to the moment at which asylum seekers present
themselves for entry either within a State or at its border”.64
It is not uncommon that migrants are returned to so-called “safe third countries”, that is, a state
other than the one where the individual claims to be at risk of prohibited treatment.65 This has
been a common practice by European states, especially regarding the co-operation between
Member States of the EU. The Court has considered in T.I. v. the United Kingdom that returning
an asylum seeker to a third country could raise an issue of state responsibility if there was a

58

Soering v. the United Kingdom, (14038/88), 7.7.1989.
Spijkerboer, 2009, p. 58.
60
Hemme, 2009, p. 584; Under Article 15 of the ECHR, states can derogate from various provisions of the
ECHR, but no derogation are possible from Articles 2 (right to life) and 3 (prohibition of torture, inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment). The protection from refoulement is therefore absolute.
61
The 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and its 1967 Protocol, September 2011, § 33 (2).
62
Chahal v. The United Kingdom, (70/1995/576/662), 15.11.1996, § 80.
63
Concurring Opinion by Judge Pinto De Albuquerque in Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, 23.2.2012,
(27765/09), p. 66.
64
Goodwin-Gill & McAdam, 2007, p. 208.
65
Mole, 2007, p. 45.
59

13

real risk that the applicant could be sent on to a third country where he faced treatment contrary
to Article 3.66 The risk here is the process of indirect or chain refoulement, where the asylum
seeker is being expelled from one country to another only to be returned back to his or her
country of origin without having had the possibility for an individual examination of his/her
claim.67
The ECHR thus prohibits expulsion to states which do not have necessary guarantees to protect
individuals from onward expulsion.68 In Ilias and Ahmed v. Hungary, the Grand Chamber
specified the different procedural obligations that States encounter when deciding to expel
asylum seekers. In cases of return to the country of origin (direct refoulement) the obligation
of the expelling authorities is to examine whether the asylum claim is well founded and thus,
it deals with the alleged risks in the country of origin.69 Meanwhile, in the situation where a
Contracting State seeks to remove the asylum seeker to a third country (indirect refoulement)
the main issue is whether or not the individual will have access to an adequate asylum
procedure in the receiving third country.70 The most important task for the Contracting State is
thus to assure that the individual will have access to an asylum procedure. In cases where the
“safe third country” is not a Contracting Party to the ECHR, the proper assessment so as to
avoid chain refoulement is even more important.71 In the UNHCR’s view, “a reliable
assessment of the risk of ‘chain refoulement’ must be undertaken in each individual case, prior
to removal to a third country, including pursuant to a readmission agreement”. 72 Chain
refoulement continues to be a serious issue when it comes to the practice of pushbacks of
migrants at European borders and is particularly relevant in discussing the issue of collective
expulsions, as it is only through examining each individual case that the authorities can assure
the absence of the risk of chain refoulement.73 The UNHCR has further considered that the
denial of access to asylum procedures at airports, refoulement from ‘safe third countries’ and

66

T.I. v. the United Kingdom, (43844/98), 7.3.2000.
Compare with direct refoulement, where an individual is being directly expelled to a country where he/she
can be subjected to the risk of torture or inhuman treatment.
68
Mole, 2000, p. 30.
69
Ilias and Ahmed v. Hungary, (47287/15), 21.11.2019, §§ 130-131
70
Ibid.
71
See Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 147.
72
UNHCR, Written Submission by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in the
Case of Sharifi and others v Italy and Greece (Application No. 16643/09).
73
See, section 2.2.4 and Chapter 3.
67

14

the extradition of foreigners without examining any asylum claims, all represent examples of
violations of the principle of non-refoulement.74
While expulsion of asylum seekers raises most frequently an issue under Article 3, it is not in
any way the only provision relevant to asylum questions under the ECHR.75 Article 2, inter
alia, might come into question in expulsion cases if a violation of the right to life is risked in
the country of destination.76 However, removal cases concerning Article 2 typically raise issues
also under Article 3, and thus, the Court frequently assesses cases both in light of Article 2 and
3.77 Article 3 has, additionally, served as the primary tool for elaborating and developing the
Courts case law concerning the protection of migrants against expulsion. 78 This is the main
reason why the author has decided to include a more in depth discussion on this provision in
the thesis. In addition to the “core” articles of ECHR, relevant provisions for the protection of
arbitrary expulsion can also be found in Article 1 of Protocol No. 7, which provides minimum
procedural rights for aliens lawfully within a Contracting State, who are confronted with
expulsion. An important remark, however, is that not all Contracting Parties to the ECHR are
parties to Protocol No. 7. Another important limitation for the applicability of the provision is
that the presence of the person in the territory must be considered “lawful”.
While the expulsion of an individual can be permitted in certain situations, when it is in
compliance with certain substantive and procedural requirements and where there is no risk
that the person will face treatment incompatible with the principle of non-refoulement, to the
contrary, the collective expulsion of a group of individuals is always prohibited.79 This has
been confirmed in the United Nations Memorandum on Expulsion of Aliens which provides
that:

74

Goodwin-Gill & McAdam, 2007, p. 222.
See den Heijer, pp. 277-314. Expulsion cases have raised issues under, inter alia, the right to life (Article 2),
the right to a fair trial (Article 6), the right to respect for private and family life (Article 8) and the right to an
effective remedy (Article 13).
76
See, for example, Bader and Bader v. Sweden, (13284/04), 8.11.2005.
77
The European Court of Human Rights: Guide on the case-law of the European Convention on Human Rights,
Immigration, p. 16.
78
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119-146, p. 124.
79
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, Migration and the Rule of (Human Rights) Law: Two ‘Crises’ Looking in the Same
Mirror’, 15 CYELP 99, 2019, p. 122.
75

15

A State has a broad discretionary right to expel aliens from its territory [...]. In contrast, the collective
expulsion of a group of aliens as such (even a small group) is contrary to the very notion of the human
rights of individuals and is therefore prohibited. The collective expulsion of a group of aliens does not
take into account the consequences of the presence, the grounds and other factors affecting the expulsion,
the procedural requirements for the expulsion or the rules relating to the implementation of the expulsion
decision with respect to a single one of these aliens. The decision concerning expulsion is made with
respect to the group of aliens as a whole.80

Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR, which is the main focus of this thesis, explicitly
prohibits the collective expulsions of aliens. As the article suggests, the prohibition does not
apply to expulsion strictly limited to individuals. Rather, its core purpose is to prevent states
from being able to remove a certain number of aliens, as a group, without examining their
personal circumstances and without enabling them to put forward their arguments against the
expulsion measures.81 The prohibition of collective expulsion forms an important safeguard,
protecting individuals, as a group, from arbitrary expulsion. The prohibition of collective
expulsion will be examined in depth in the next chapters of this thesis.
2.2.3. Extraterritorial scope of the convention
A frequently debated question is whether and when a state can be held responsible for an
extraterritorial state act, i.e., conduct performed outside the sovereign borders of the state.
There is no general consensus as regards this question on the international level and some
states, such as the US, are frequently contesting the idea of the extraterritorial applicability of
human rights treaties. Notably, however, the ECHR is often said to be one of the strongest
human rights instruments in its ability to effectively secure compliance and this is widely due
to the extraterritorial applicability of the convention.82 Article 1 of the ECHR provides that
“the High Contracting Parties shall secure to everyone within their jurisdiction the rights and
freedoms defined in Section I of this Convention”. However, this provision does not limit the
jurisdiction to the territory of the state, as is the case, for instance, with the ICCPR.83 While the
notion of jurisdiction in Article 1 of the ECHR should primarily be considered as territorial, in
some exceptional cases the state’s conduct performed outside the national territory can

80

International Law Commission, Fifty-eighth session, Geneva, 2006, “Expulsion of aliens”, Memorandum by
the Secretariat, UN Doc. Doc. A/CN.4/565 (2006) 2.
81
see Hirsi Jamaa and Others, (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 177, and Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece,
(16643/09), 21.10.2014, § 210
82
Milanovic, 2011, p. 4.
83
Article 2(1) ICCPR provides that “Each State Party to the present Covenant undertakes to respect and to
ensure to all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction the rights recognized in the present
Covenant, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other
opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status” (emphasis added)

16

constitute an exercise of jurisdiction.84 The extraterritorial scope is particularly relevant in the
field of migration and border management.85 For instance, the principle of non-refoulement
will apply to the conduct of state officials or those acting on behalf of the state wherever this
occurs, whether occurring beyond the national territory of the state, at border posts or other
points of entry.86
Extraterritorial application implies that, at the moment of the alleged violation of a person's
human right/s, the individual concerned is not physically located in the territory of the state
party in question.87 In the context of immigration and border controls, as long as the border
control is performed on behalf of the Contracting Party, it is immaterial whether it takes place
on the land or maritime territory of a state, its diplomatic missions, warships or even another
state.88 The Court established for the first time in Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy (hereinafter
Hirsi v. Italy), that the prohibition of collective expulsion is also extraterritorially applicable as
long as the individuals forming the group are under the exclusive de jure or de facto control of
the Contracting Party.89 This clarification is particularly important considering protection
provided by the ECHR in pushbacks-situations occurring outside the territorial borders and on
the high seas. This will be further discussed in section 3.1.3.
2.3 The role of the European Union
2.3.1 Pushbacks in the context of the European Union
As mentioned above, pushbacks have taken place in particular at the borders of EU Member
States. This has partly been the consequence of the several weaknesses in the Dublin system,90
failing at sharing properly the responsibility between EU Member States.91 The Dublin system
(and thus, the Dublin regulation) determines the Member State responsible for examining the
asylum application made in the EU.92 It allows in certain situations and under certain
84

Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119-146, p. 126.
85
Ibid., pp. 119-146, 126-127.
86
Cambridge University Press, The Scope and Content of the Principle of Non-Refoulement: Opinion, June
2003, § 67, available at: https://www.refworld.org/docid/470a33af0.html [accessed 1.12.2020].
87
Milanovic, 2011, p. 8.
88
Lauterpacht & Bethlehem, 2003, s. 111.
89
Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], 23.2.2012, (27765/09), § 77.
90
The Dublin system aims to determine which European Union Member State is responsible for examining an
asylum application lodged in one of the Member States by a third-country national.
91
Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 234.
92
This is, generally, the State where the asylum seeker first entered in the EU.

17

requirements a Member State to request another Member State to “take care” of the asylum
application, if that particular state has the primary responsibility over this (so called ‘Dublin
transfers’).93
One of the biggest challenges, as a consequence of the Dublin system, has concerned the
relocation of migrants. This has led to an increasing pressure on Europe’s bordering countries.
Notably, pushbacks and collective expulsions of migrants have been the unacceptable result of
an unfair responsibility-sharing between EU Member States. Since the EU is undoubtedly the
institution having the most influence on how policies are framed at its Member States’ borders,
it carries in many ways a particular responsibility in this matter. What is alarming, however, is
the widespread silence on the EU level on the issues of pushbacks and collective expulsions of
migrants.94 Despite several attempts, human rights advocates have said to have struggled to
bring attention to the issue within the EU.95 Similarly, the CJEU has proven to be rather lacking
in the protection of migrants at the borders and outside Europe, even when the treatment of
migrants is prompted by the flaws of the EU’s migration policy.96
The Council of Europe has undoubtedly taken a much more active role in reiterating the basic
human rights obligations which states are bound to respect at their borders. The challenges
faced by EU Member States as a consequence of the weaknesses in the Dublin system have
also been enshrined in the case law of the ECtHR. In its judgments, the ECtHR has reiterated
that states have the right to establish their own immigration policies in accordance with their
obligations stemming from membership of the EU.97 However, in Sharifi and others v. Italy
and Greece the Court found a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and held that the Dublin
system must be applied in a manner compatible with the Convention. According to the Court,
no form of collective and indiscriminate returns can be justified by reference to the Dublin

93

By making use of the “sovereignty clause” enshrined in Article 3.2 of that Regulation, Member States are
however allowed to examine an asylum application even if such application is not its responsibility under the
other criteria laid down in that Regulation.
94
See, for example, Strik, 2020, p. 251 where Strik points out the silence on the EU level as regards pushbacks
conducted by Spanish authorities to Morocco.
95
See, among others, The New Humanitarian, An open secret: Refugee pushbacks across the Turkey-Greece
border, 8.10.2018, available at: https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/special-report/2018/10/08/refugeepushbacks-across-turkey-greece-border-Evros [accessed 1.12.2020].
96
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, ‘Migration and the Rule of (Human Rights) Law: Two ‘Crises’ Looking in the Same
Mirror’, 15 CYELP 99, 2019, p. 132.
97
Georgia v. Russia (I) [GC], (13255/07), 3.7.2014, § 177; Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece, (16643/09),
21.10.2014, § 224; Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016, § 241.

18

system or to migratory pressure.98 The Court’s judgment from 2011 in M.S.S. v. Belgium is
significant in this regard, since it explicitly interpreted the compatibility of the Dublin
Regulation with the ECHR regarding transfers to Greece under the Dublin system. In this case,
the Court held that Belgium had violated Article 3 by transferring the applicant, under the
Dublin regulation, back to Greece and exposing him to risks linked to the deficiencies in the
asylum procedure in that State.99 The Court established that EU Member States should not
“systematically” apply this regulation without seeking to examine the situation in the country
where the applicant will be transferred.100
Finally, the role of the European Border and Coast Guard Agency (Frontex) in border
management is crucial when discussing the issue of collective expulsions in the context of
pushbacks at borders.101 The main task of Frontex is to promote, coordinate and develop
European border management in line with, inter alia, the EU Charter.102 However, in some
cases, Frontex has been criticized as facilitating pushbacks or refraining from interventions in
pushbacks by EU Member States.103 The Council of Europe has on several occasions expressed
its concern about the absence of adequate guarantees for the respect of fundamental rights in
the framework of joint coordination by Frontex.104
2.3.2 The relationship between the EU and the ECHR and relevant EU law for the
protection against arbitrary expulsion
Both the ECHR and the EU provides binding rules in relation to migration law, which apply in
Europe. Therefore, the relationship between these two legal frameworks needs to be further
addressed. Arguably, the biggest difference between the ECHR and the EU is that, while the
ECHR is a treaty binding on the Contracting States, EU has its own legal order which prevails

98

Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece, (16643/09), 21.10.2014, § 225.
M.S.S. v. Belgium and Greece [GC], (30696/09), 21.1.2011.
100
The CJEU issued a similar judgment later the same year in N. S. and Others, C‑411/10 and C‑493/10,
21.1.2011, EU:C:2011:865.
101
While the author has decided not to examine the role of the Frontex more in depth in this thesis, it could
provide a sufficient basis for future research.
102
Frontex, Origin & tasks, available at: https://frontex.europa.eu/about-frontex/origin-tasks/ [accessed
27.11.2020].
103
Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 240.; Recently, Ylva Johansson, the European Commissioner for Home Affairs has
called on Frontex to clarify accusations of involvement in pushback activities. See in this regard, Liboreiro,
Jorge, EU migration chief urges Frontex to clarify pushback allegations, 22.1.2021, Euronews, available at:
https://www.euronews.com/2021/01/20/eu-migration-chief-urges-frontex-to-clarify-pushback-allegations
[accessed 29.1.2021].
104
Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Resolution 1821 (2011), included in the judgment of Hirsi
Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012.
99

19

national legislation.105 Another significant difference is that, from the perspective of the
individual, the ECtHR has the advantage of being able to address individual cases as long as
the local remedies have been exhausted, while the CJEU cannot address an individual case but
rather, national courts may ask for preliminary rulings of the court.106 Thus, the judicial review
in EU law is largely a matter for the national courts and judges, while the CJEU plays an
important supervisory role in this regard.107 Finally, it is worth mentioning that, unlike the
ECtHR, the CJEU is not per se a human rights court and this has even been reiterated by the
former president of the CJEU Vassolios Skouris, who held that “the Court of Justice is not a
human rights court: it is the Supreme Court of the European Union”.108
The legal link between the ECHR and the EU can be found in the Treaty of the European Union
(TEU). According to Article 6 (3) of TEU, fundamental rights provided in the ECHR constitute
general principles of EU law.109 The EU Charter, which provides for the most important
fundamental rights, was adopted in 2000 and became legally binding after the entry into force
of the Treaty of Lisbon, in December 2009.110 According to Article 6 (1) of the TEU, the Union
recognizes the rights, freedoms and principles set out in the Charter, which shall have the same
legal value as the Treaties. The relationship between the EU Charter and the ECHR is settled
in Article 52 (3) of the Charter where it is stipulated that “in so far as this Charter contains
rights which correspond to rights guaranteed by the [ECHR], the meaning and scope of those
rights shall be the same as those laid down by the said Convention. This provision shall not
prevent Union law providing more extensive protection.”.111 As the Article sets forth, the
ECHR provides for minimum standards which should be guaranteed by all EU Member States.
The purpose is to guarantee that the protection under the EU Charter “is no less than the
protection granted by the ECHR”.112 In light of this, CJEU refers frequently to the rights
enshrined in the ECHR and takes into account the case law of the ECtHR.113 Ultimately,

105

Boeles et al., 2014, p. 24; Today, all 28 EU Member States are Contracting Parties to the ECHR.
Ibid., p. 24.
107
Ibid., pp. 411-412.
108
Besselink, Leonard, The ECJ as the European “Supreme Court”: Setting Aside Citizens’ Rights for EU Law
Supremacy, Verfassungsblog, 2014.
109
According to Article 6 (3) of the TEU “Fundamental rights, as guaranteed by the European Convention for
the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and as they result from the constitutional traditions
common to the Member States, shall constitute general principles of the Union's law”.
110
The Treaty of Lisbon amended both the TEU and the TFEU.
111
European Union: Council of the European Union, Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union
(2007/C 303/01), 14 December 2007, C 303/1, § 52 (3).
112
Advocate General Trstenjak’s Opinion in Joined Cases C-411/10 and C-493/10 N.S. and M.E, 2011, § 145.
113
Lenart, 2012, pp. 4-19, 7.
106

20

migrants may pursue two avenues in relation to invoking fundamental rights in an individual
case before national authorities; either the Charter, the ECHR or both.114
Today, the fundamental rights framework of the EU places an increasing focus on human rights
perspectives and in many ways, EU law extends further than the ECHR in protecting migrants
from arbitrary expulsion. The EU Charter contains an explicit prohibition of collective
expulsions in its Article 19 (1). In addition, Article 19 (2) enshrines the principle of nonrefoulement,115 while Article 18 contains, as the sole provision at the European level, an
explicit right to asylum.116 Notably, however, the provisions set forth in the EU Charter are
only applicable to the Member States when implementing Union law.117 In other words, there
has to be a provision or a principle of EU primary or secondary law which becomes relevant to
the case. If the case falls outside EU law, the EU Charter will consequently not apply.118
However, since most cases relating to migration, asylum and border management relate directly
to existing EU law, national asylum law will commonly be regarded as implementing EU
law.119
Considering EU secondary legislation, the Directive 2008/115/EC of the European Parliament
and of the Council of 16 December 2008 on common standards and procedures in Member
States for returning illegally staying third-country nationals (Returns Directive) is the most
immediately engaged by the EU Charter when discussing collective expulsions in the context
of pushbacks.120 The Returns Directive provides conditions for the return of illegally staying
third country nationals, which must be applied in full compliance with the EU Charter. 121 The
Directive applies to third-country nationals both present in the territory and those who have

114

Boeles, den Heijer, Lodder, Wouters (Boeles et al.), 2014, p. 44.
According to Article 19 (2) of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights “No one may be removed, expelled or
extradited to a State where there is a serious risk that he or she would be subjected to the death penalty, torture
or other inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.” ; Article 78 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the
European Union (TFEU) stipulates similarly that the EU must provide a policy for asylum, subsidiary protection
and temporary protection, “ensuring compliance with the principle of non-refoulement”.
116
In this regard, see Articles 78 and 79 of TFEU providing the legal basis of EU competences on immigration
policy, setting the legal basis for developing a common policy on asylum and giving the EU the competence to
harmonise asylum law.
117
Article 51 (1) of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights.
118
Rosas, 2012, pp. 1269–1288, 1277.
119
ECRE, The application of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights to asylum procedural law, 2014, p. 19.
120
Guild, 2014, pp. 543–562, 549, 551.
121
Ibid., pp. 543–562, 549; European Parliament and Council, Directive 2008/115/EC on common standards
and procedures in Member States for returning illegally staying third-country nationals, 16 December 2008
(Returns Directive).
115

21

been refused entry at the border.122 However, as the title suggests, the Directive does not apply
to e.g. asylum-seekers, who cannot be considered illegally-staying. Illegal stay, as indicated in
the Returns Directive, means the presence of a third-country national who does not fulfil or no
longer fulfills the conditions of entry into the territory of Member States, as established in
Article 5 of the Schengen Borders Code.123 The Returns Directive provides a central function
for the “return decision”, without which no entry ban or expulsion decision may be issued.124
Notably also, a period for voluntary return must be granted before forced removal can take
place.125 In its Article 5, the Returns Directive provides obligations for Member States to
respect, including the principle of non-refoulement. The obligations under Article 5 derive
from, inter alia, the ECHR, which must be respected when applying the Directive. Article 9
(1)(a) of the Returns Directive provides further that Member States are obliged to postpone the
removal if it would violate the principle of non-refoulement. The directive contains additional
rules in relation to e.g. timeframes for return procedures, procedural safeguards and guidelines
on voluntary departure.
Importantly, however, Member States may decide not to apply the Returns Directive to thirdcountry nationals who are subjected to refusal of entry orders, or who are “apprehended or
intercepted by the competent authorities in connection with the irregular crossing by land, sea
or air of the external border of a Member State and who have not subsequently obtained an
authorization or a right to stay in that Member State”.126 While this provides for a quite
significant limitation to the scope of the directive, it shall nevertheless be without prejudice to
the obligation to respect fundamental guarantees, such as the principle of non-refoulement.127
The European Commission has clarified that other safeguards under the EU asylum acquis,
such as access to asylum procedure, does still apply even though a Member State decides not
to apply the Returns Directive.128 Directive 2013/32/EU of the European Parliament and of the
Council of 26 June 2013 on common procedures for granting and withdrawing international
protection (Asylum Procedures Directive) sets out detailed rules on common procedures for
granting and withdrawing international protection and obliges Member States to inform third
122

Boeles, den Heijer, Lodder, Wouters (Boeles et al.), 2009, p. 412.
Peers, 2012, p. 492.
124
Article 6 of the Returns Directive, in Boeles et al., 2014, p. 386.
125
Article 7 of the Returns Directive, in Boeles et al., 2014, p. 426.
126
Article 2(2)(a) of the Returns Directive.
127
Article 4 of the Returns Directive.
128
European Commission, Return Handbook, 2017, p. 17.
123

22

country nationals who may wish to make an application for international protection on the
possibility to do so.129 The Asylum Procedures Directive applies to asylum claims made in the
territory of EU Member States, including at borders, in territorial waters and in transit zones.130
According to the directive, the migrant has the status of an asylum seeker as soon as the
application for international protection has been submitted.131 Additionally, the Directive
2011/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011 on standards
for the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of
international protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary
protection, and for the content of the protection granted (Qualification Directive) is
noteworthy. The Qualification Directive aims to harmonize the criteria by which Member
States define who qualifies as a refugee, as well as other forms of protection for persons who
face serious risks in their country of origin (i.e. subsidiary protection).132 The 1951 Refugee
Convention is of particular relevance for this directive. Finally, the Regulation No 562/2006 of
the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 March 2006 establishing a Community Code
on the rules governing the movement of persons across borders (Schengen Borders Code) is of
importance, since it provides that border management activities must respect the principle of
non-refoulement.133

129

Article 8 of Directive 2013/32/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on
common procedures for granting and withdrawing international protection (Asylum Procedures Directive).
130
Article 3 of the Asylum Procedures Directive.
131
Article 3 (1) of the Asylum Procedures Directive.
132
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011 on standards for
the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of international protection, for a
uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary protection, and for the content of the protection
granted (Qualification Directive); See, The Qualification Directive, Asylum in Europe, ECRE, UNHCR,
available at: https://www.refworld.org/cgi-bin/texis/vtx/rwmain/opendocpdf.pdf?reldoc=y&docid=4aa508692
[accessed 1.12.2020]
133
see, Recital 20 and Article 3(b) of Regulation No 562/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of
15 March 2006 establishing a Community Code on the rules governing the movement of persons across borders
(Schengen Borders Code).

23

3. The prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens
3.1 Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR
3.1.1 Adoption of Protocol No. 4
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR provides that “collective expulsion of aliens is
prohibited”.134 Protocol No. 4 was adopted already in 1963 and became the first international
treaty to address the collective expulsion.135 As of 1 February 2021, Protocol No. 4 has been
ratified by all but four Member States of the Council of Europe.136 The United Kingdom and
Turkey have both signed but not ratified the protocol. Furthermore, Switzerland and Greece
have neither signed nor ratified the protocol.
The main purpose in the adoption of the prohibition of collective expulsion was to prevent
horrific mass expulsions that had taken place not long before the adoption of Protocol 4.137 The
explanatory report to the protocol revealed that the main purpose was to prohibit “collective
expulsions of aliens of the kind which was a matter of recent history”. 138 Thus, collective
expulsions of the kind which had already taken place were formally prohibited and this referred
especially to the expulsion of Germans and others during World War Two.139 The Consultative
Assembly wished to make the expulsion of aliens in this article subject to stringent conditions.
According to its draft, expulsion of an alien lawfully residing in a Contracting State would be
permitted only on the ground of danger to national security or violation of the ordre public or
134

The prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens is also foreseen in Article 19 (1) of the Charter of
Fundamental Rights of the European Union, Article 12 (5) of the African Charter on Human and People’s
Rights, Article 22 (9) of the American Convention on Human Rights, Article 26 (2) of the Arab Charter on
Human Rights, Article 25 (4) of the Commonwealth of Independent States Convention on Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms and Article 22 (1) of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All
Migrants Workers and Members of Their Families.
135
ECtHR, Guide on Article 4 Protocol No. 4 to the European Convention on Human Rights – Prohibition of
collective expulsion of aliens, Updated 31 December 2020, p. 5, available at:
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/Guide_Art_4_Protocol_4_ENG.pdf [accessed 28.1.2020].
136
Council of Europe Portal, Treaty Office, Chart of signatures and ratifications of Treaty 046, available at:
https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list/-/conventions/treaty/046/signatures?p_auth=MYXarGX0
[accessed 1.2.2021].
137
Durán Alba, 2012, pp. 629-633, 630; The terms “collective expulsion” and “mass expulsion” are often used
interchangeably, although the former emphasises non-individualisation, while the latter refers to the scale of the
expulsion. See International Law Commission, fifty-eighth session, Geneva, 2006, “Expulsion of aliens”,
Memorandum by the Secretariat, § 985, available at:
http://legal.un.org/ilc/documentation/english/a_cn4_565.pdf [accessed 1.12.2020].
138
Council of Europe, Explanatory Reports on the Second to Fifth Protocol to the European Convention for the
Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, submitted by the Committee of Experts to the
Committee of Ministers, H(71)11 (1971), in Guide on Article 4 Protocol No. 4 to the European Convention on
Human Rights – Prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens, Updated 31 December 2020, p. 5, available at:
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/Guide_Art_4_Protocol_4_ENG.pdf [accessed 28.1.2020]
139
Henckaerts, 1995, p. 11.

24

morality.140 The Committee of Ministers decided, however, not to adopt this draft and instead
they proposed a completely new provision devoted exclusively to collective expulsions.141
Despite the protocol having been established already in 1963, for decades, all cases concerning
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 were declared inadmissible as manifestly ill-founded, first by the
former European Commission of Human Rights (the former Commission) and later by the
Court. In the first inadmissible decision in 1965, the former Commission clarified that, while
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 prohibits collective expulsions of aliens, it does not apply to
expulsion strictly limited to individuals. Thus, if a decision to expel would be based on
particular circumstances relating to the applicant as an individual, the article would not be
applicable.142
It was not until in 2002 that the Court found the first breach of this guarantee, in the case of
Čonka v. Belgium. The judgment is far from uncontroversial, which can partly be explained by
the two dissenting opinions concluded in the final judgment.143 The applicants, Slovakian
nationals of Roma origin, requested political asylum in Belgium on the grounds that they had
been violently assaulted by skinheads in Slovakia. The Belgian police sent a notice to the
applicants requiring their presence at the police station. The notice stated that their attendance
was required to enable the files concerning their applications for asylum to be completed. At
the station, they were served with an order to leave the territory, accompanied by a decision for
their removal to Slovakia and their detention for that purpose. On 5 October 1999 they and
other refugees of Roma origin, whose request for asylum had also been turned down, were
taken to the airport and put on a plane for Slovakia. According to the Court, “at no stage in the
period between the service of the notice on the aliens to attend the police station and their
expulsion did the procedure afford sufficient guarantees demonstrating that the personal
circumstances of each of those concerned had been genuinely and individually taken into

140

Explanatory Report to Protocol No. 4 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms, securing certain rights and freedoms other than those already included in the
Convention and in the first Protocol thereto, ETS 46, Strasbourg, 16.IX.1963, p. 11.
141
Ibid.
142
Decision of the European Commission of Human Rights as to the Admissibility of Applications 3803/68 and
3804/68, X and Y v. Sweden, 4.10.1968 (unpublished), reprinted in Council of Europe, 5 Digest of Strasbourg
Case-Law Relating to the European Convention on Human Rights 890 (1985), in Henckaerts, 1995, p. 11.
143
Durán Alba, 2012, pp. 629-633, 632.

25

account”.144 Thus, the Court held by four votes to three that there had a violation of Article 4
of Protocol No. 4.145
The purpose of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is to prevent states from removing migrants without
assessing their personal and individual circumstances, which makes it impossible to put
forward arguments against expulsion measures.146 The article has established a strong link
between the prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens and the need for procedural safeguards
and legitimate reasons justifying expulsion.147 It has proved to be vital for the protection of
irregular migrants at borders, as it extends to every foreigner. Recently, the Court has held that:
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is aimed at maintaining the possibility, for each of the aliens concerned, to
assert a risk of treatment which is incompatible with the Convention – and in particular with Article 3 –
in the event of his or her return and, for the authorities, to avoid exposing anyone who may have an
arguable claim to that effect to such a risk.148

Thus, the prohibition of collective expulsion forms an important safeguard for the principle of
non-refoulement. Importantly, however, a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 does not
require demonstration of the risk of ill-treatment in case of expulsion. The prohibition of
collective expulsion is rather related to the activities and actions taken by the expelling state
and the procedural features.149 As will be seen in the forthcoming sections of this thesis,
however, the principle of non-refoulement inherent in Article 3 has played a significant role in
the Court’s assessment on cases concerning collective expulsions especially relating to
pushback-situations.
What is easily distinguishable, is that the formulation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 remains
short and relatively vague. It seems that the provision does not permit any possible limitations
or restrictions, having an absolute character similar to Article 3 of the ECHR. 150 Admittedly,
the Court has made clear that there can be no exception to the prohibition of collective
expulsion, as it would defeat the objective of the prohibition.151 However, as will be discussed

144

Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, § 63.
Ibid., p. 28.
146
see Hirsi Jamaa and Others [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 177 and Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece,
(16643/09), 21.10.2014, § 210
147
Rietiker, 2016, p. 656.
148
see N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 198.
149
Di Filippo, 2020, p. 7.
150
Rietiker, 2016, p. 655.
151
Guild, 2014, pp. 543–562, 559–560.
145

26

in the upcoming sections of this thesis, in some cases the Court has taken a particularly
restrictive approach towards the prohibition of collective expulsion.
To date, the Court has found a violation of the prohibition of collective expulsion in only eight
cases. Arguably, therefore, it remains relatively rare for the Court to find a violation of Article
4 of Protocol No. 4. However, recently, this provision has been invoked more often and the
prohibition of collective expulsion has especially gained importance in the jurisprudence of the
ECtHR after the evolution of European border policies.152 While the Court has commonly
found violations of the prohibition of collective expulsion in situations where the expulsion has
been purely based on membership of that group,153 increasingly, violations have concerned
situations of pushbacks, where a group is collectively expelled at the border without any
consideration of individual circumstances.154
As has been established above, the prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens is enshrined in
several regional instruments.155 However, it remains relatively absent on the international level
and while it has been argued that some international conventions prohibit implicitly the
collective expulsion of aliens, neither the 1951 Convention nor the CAT provides explicitly for
such a prohibition.156 Some scholars have argued that there is in fact a large gap in international
law, which has led to the expulsion of migrants in mass influx situations to countries where
they may fear persecution or torture.157 Notably, however, the prohibition of collective
expulsions can be found in Article 9 of the Draft Articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, adopted
by the International Law Commission (ILC) at its sixty-sixth session in 2014.158 It may
therefore be observed that the prohibition of collective expulsions constitutes, at least to a

152

Carlier, Jan-Yves & Leboef, Luc, Collective expulsion or not? Individualisation of decision making in
migration and asylum law, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and Policy, 2018.
153
See, Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, Georgia v. Russia (I) [GC], (13255/07), 3.7.2014, Shioshvili
and Others v. Russia, and Berdzenishvili and Others v. Russia.
154
See, among others, Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, Sharifi and Others v. Italy
and Greece, (16643/09), 21.10.2014, M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17),
23.7.2020.
155
See, supra note 134.
156
At the universal level, Article 22 (1) of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All
Migrant Workers and Members of their Families expressly prohibits the collective expulsion and provides that
“Migrant workers and members of their families shall not be subject to measures of collective expulsion. Each
case of expulsion shall be examined and decided individually”.
157
Ramji-Nogale, Jaya, Rights in exile - Prohibiting collective expulsion of aliens at European Court of Human
Rights in The international refugee rights initiatives refugee legal aid newsletter, 2016.
158
United Nations, Draft articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, with commentaries, 2014. Draft Article 9 (2)
Paragraph 2 sets out the prohibition of the collective expulsion of aliens.

27

certain extent, a principle of general international law.159 As noted above, there has been an
increased attention as regards the prohibition of collective expulsion in Article 4 of Protocol
No. 4 which has led to a number of decisions by the Court on this matter. These decisions have
certainly helped and will continue to help clarify the content and scope of the provision. In the
next sections of this chapter, the author will first aim at clarifying the definition of “collective
expulsion of aliens” and the territorial applicability and jurisdictional matters of Article 4 of
Protocol No. 4. Further, the relationship between the prohibition and certain other provisions
in ECHR will be examined, which are closely linked to Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. The author
will finally go on to examine the prohibition of collective expulsion as enshrined in Article 19
(1) of the EU Charter.
3.1.2. The definition of “collective expulsion of aliens”
The collective character of a group of aliens as such is the essential element of the prohibition
of collective expulsion.160 The definition of a “collective expulsion”, as provided by the
ECtHR, indicates “any measure compelling aliens, as a group, to leave a country, except where
such a measure is taken on the basis of a reasonable and objective examination of the particular
case of each individual alien of the group”.161 Two essential aspects are thus of particular
significance in order to define an expulsion as “collective” ; first, that the individual in question
is expelled together with other persons, as a group, and secondly, the fact that his/her situation
was not examined individually by the national authorities.162
The ILC, informed by the case-law of the ECtHR, has provided that collective expulsion is
understood to mean the expulsion of aliens “as a group”.163 An important question which needs
to be further addressed is the meaning of “a group”. Is there, for instance, a requirement for a
minimum number of persons in order to be considered “a group” in accordance with Article 4
of Protocol No. 4? Inevitably, to be characterized as “collective”, it requires the involvement
159

See, among others, Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, ‘Discussion Paper on the Expulsion
of Aliens’, September 2006, available at:
https://www2.ohchr.org/english/issues/migration/taskforce/docs/Discussion-paper-expulsions.pdf
160
International Law Commission, Fifty-eighth session, Geneva, 2006, “Expulsion of aliens”, Memorandum by
the Secretariat, § 985, available at: http://legal.un.org/ilc/documentation/english/a_cn4_565.pdf [accessed
8.1.2021]
161
European Court of Human Rights: Collective expulsion of aliens, factsheet, November 2013, available at:
https://www.refworld.org/pdfid/539eb0b84.pdf [accessed 31.1.2021].
162
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119–146, 138.
163
United Nations, Draft articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, 10 December 2014.

28

of a certain number of persons. However, as has been demonstrated by the Chamber judgment
of N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, even the number of two could, in practice, be sufficient in order to
find a violation of the prohibition of collective expulsion.164 Importantly, the Court has held
that, for an expulsion to be “collective” in nature, there are no requirements such as a minimum
number of persons affected or membership of a particular group.165 The Court has consequently
not established any requirements on constitutive criteria for migrants who have been subjected
to collective expulsion. This distinguishes the ECHR from the African Charter on Human and
Peoples’ Rights, which prohibits “mass expulsion”, defined as “that which is aimed at national,
racial, ethnic or religious groups”.166 In other words, a decisive criterion for the application of
Article 4 should not be the number of which the group consists of nor the link knitting together
the members of that group, but rather the procedure followed the expulsion.167 Thus, “if a
person is expelled along with others without his case having deceived individual treatment, his
expulsion is a case of collective expulsion”.168 The Court’s assessment on what constitutes as
“collective” is always made on a case by case basis, in casu.
In order to determine whether Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is applicable, the Court must first
determine whether the case concerns an “expulsion” within the meaning of that provision.169
The ILC provides a definition of the meaning of “expulsion” in its Draft Articles on the
Expulsion of Aliens. According to Draft Article 2(a), “’expulsion’ means a formal act or
conduct attributable to a State, by which an alien is compelled to leave the territory of that state;
it does not include extradition to another State, surrender to an international criminal court or
tribunal, or the non- admission of an alien to a state”. 170
In several judgements, the Court has referred to the definition provided by the ILC and thus, it
can be considered as largely applicable to the meaning of the prohibition of collective expulsion
as well.171 The drafting history of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 does not provide for an explicit
clarification as regards the term “expulsion” in the context of the present provision.172 In its
164

See, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, Chamber judgment, (8675/15 and 8697/15), 3.10.2017. The case was later
referred to the Grand Chamber (see footnote 165).
165
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, §§ 193–199.
166
African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights ("Banjul Charter"), Organization of African Unity (OAU), 27
June 1981, Article 12 (5).
167
van Dijk, van Hoof, 1998, p. 676.
168
Ibid., pp. 676-677.
169
See, among others, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 164.
170
United Nations, Draft articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, with commentaries, 10 December 2014.
171
See, among others, Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016, § 243.
172
Rietiker, 2016, p. 655.

29

case-law, the Court has meanwhile explained that the notion of expulsion should not be
interpreted in the generic meaning in current use and should apply “to all measures that may
be characterized as constituting a formal act or conduct attributable to a state by which a
foreigner is compelled to leave the territory of the state (...)”.173 This applies irrespective of the
state's domestic law. In its Concurring Opinion in Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, Judge Pinto
De Albuquerque elaborates further that the notion of expulsion should be interpreted widely so
as to include any collective operation, be it extradition, removal, transfer, rejection or refusal
of admission.174 Considering pushbacks at land borders, the Court has recently held that the
existence of an expulsion “is even more evident (...) in a situation in which the aliens present
themselves at a land border and are returned from there to the neighbouring country.175
Finally, the prohibition of collective expulsions in Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 explicitly refers
to “aliens”. The provision applies regardless of how the person reached the country concerned
and irrespective of whether the person arrived legally or not. According to the Committee's
final draft, the provision is not limited only to those lawfully residing within the territory, but
also to “those who have no actual right to nationality in a State, whether they are merely passing
through a country or reside or are domiciled in it, whether they are refugees or entered the
country on their own initiative, or whether they are stateless or possess another nationality”.176
This differs from Article 1 of Protocol No. 7, which provides for a constraint on the
discretionary power of a State to expel aliens present in its territory and is only applicable to
those persons who are lawfully resident there.177 Similarly, according to Article 2 (b) of the
ILC Draft Articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, the word “alien” means an individual who does
not have the nationality of the State in whose territory that individual is present. According to
the Explanatory Report of Protocol No. 4, the provision of Article 4 refers to collective

173

M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020.
Concurring Opinion by Judge Pinto De Albuquerque in Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09),
23.2.2012, p. 78. ; See, in contrary, United Nations, Draft articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, with
commentaries, 2014, Draft Article 2 (a) providing that ”expulsion” should not include extradition to another
state.
175
M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020, § 204.
176
Article 4 of the Committee’s final draft, DH/Exp/Misc (62) 11, 9 March 1962, p. 505, § 34
177
McBride, 2009, p. 99.
174

30

expulsion of aliens, including stateless persons.178 However, as regards the collective expulsion
of nationals, these are protected under Article 3 (1) of Protocol No. 4.179
According to the Court, the wording of “aliens” is to be interpreted in a broad meaning,
applying to a plurality of individuals.180 Cases of alleged collective expulsions, where Article
4 of Protocol No. 4 has been applicable, have concerned a variety of individuals, such as asylum
seekers, migrants who did not apply for asylum and persons belonging to a particular
nationality.181 Further, the provision has been applicable both to persons who were already
residing within the territory of a state and persons who arrived at the territory and were “pushed
back” to the originating state.182
3.1.3 The territorial applicability and jurisdiction
An important question in assessing the scope of the applicability of the prohibition is to what
extent and under which conditions persons affected by collective expulsions can be considered
as under the jurisdiction of the state authorizing it.183 Before, a vast majority of cases relating
to Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 concerned persons who were already on the territory of the state
concerned. No question of territorial applicability arose, wherefore it was not either discussed
in depth in the judgments.184 However, recently, states have contested the applicability of
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. to cases concerning pushbacks, holding that the persons were not
within the jurisdiction of the state for the purposes of Article 1 of the ECHR.185

178

Explanatory Report to Protocol No. 4 to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and
Fundamental Freedoms, securing certain rights and freedoms other than those already included in the
Convention and in the first Protocol thereto, European Treaty Series - No. 46, Strasbourg, 16.IX.1963, § 32.
179
Article 3 (1) of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR provides that “No one shall be expelled, by means either of an
individual or of a collective measure, from the territory of the State of which he is a national”.
180
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119-146, 132.
181
Ibid.
182
While the migrants in Čonka v. Belgium, Sultani v. France and Georgia v. Russia (I) were already on the
territory of the respondent State, in Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy and N.D and N.T. v. Spain the applicants
arrived at the territory and were “pushed back” to the originating State.
183
den Heijer, 2013, p. 271.
184
See, for example, KG v Germany, (7704/76), 11.3.1977, European Commission of Human Rights; Andric v
Sweden, (45917/99), 23.2.1999; Čonka v Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002.
185
ECtHR, Guide on Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 – Prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens, updated
31.12.2020, p. 5, available at: https://echr.coe.int/Documents/Guide_Art_4_Protocol_4_ENG.pdf [accessed
28.1.2021].

31

Here, it will be necessary to examine the case of Hirsi v. Italy, which represents the first
judgment delivered by the Court regarding the situation of interception at sea. Hirsi v. Italy has
been considered a landmark case in the protection of migrants who attempt to cross the sea in
search of a better life elsewhere.186 Further, the judgment clarifies the protection offered by the
ECHR to individuals affected by pushbacks. The applicants in this case were a part of a group
of about 200 individuals who left Libya in 2009 aboard three vessels with the aim of reaching
the coast of Italy. On 6 May 2009, as they were within the Maltese Search and Rescue Region
of responsibility, they were intercepted at high seas by the Italian police and coastguard,
transferred onto Italian military ships and later handed over to Libyan authorities under an
agreement concluded between Italy and Libya. The applicants were given no opportunity to
apply for asylum and the authorities did not attempt to assess their individual cases. The
applicants claimed that they had been exposed to a risk of torture or inhuman or degrading
treatment in Libya and in their respective countries of origin, namely, Eritrea and Somalia, as
a result of having been returned.187 Because of the lack of an individual assessment, the
applicants had been given no opportunity to challenge their return to Libya. Thus, the applicants
held that they had been victims of arbitrary refoulement in violation of Article 3 of the ECHR.
The Government contested the jurisdiction and denied that the Italian authorities had exercised
“absolute and exclusive control” over the applicants. The Court rejected this argument and held
that the alleged violations fell within Italy’s jurisdiction within the meaning of Article 1 of the
Convention. As regards Article 3, the Court held that the Italian authorities knew, or should
have known, that the applicants, when returned to Libya as irregular migrants, would be
exposed to treatment in breach of the ECHR. Thus, the Court found a violation of Article 3 in
this respect. Further, the Court found a violation of Article 3 on account of the fact that the
applicants were exposed to the risk of arbitrary repatriation to Eritrea and Somalia. Hirsi v.
Italy is thus also the first judgment which deals with the possible chain refoulement through a
state that is not party to the ECHR.188
The applicants stated further that they had been the subject of a collective expulsion, relying
on Article 4 of Protocol No. 4.189 Their return to Libya, carried out with no prior identification

186

den Heijer, 2013, p. 265.
Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 83.
188
den Heijer, 2013, p. 278.
189
Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 159.
187

32

and no examination of the personal circumstances of each applicant, had, according to the
applicants, constituted a removal measure that was, in substance, “collective”. 190 The
Government held that the article was not applicable in the instant case, since it applied only in
the event of the expulsion of a person on the territory of a state or who had crossed the national
border illegally.191 The Court acknowledged that a majority of cases concerning Article 4 of
Protocol No. 4 involved persons who were on the territory of the state. Thus, the Court had to
examine for the first time whether Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 would be applicable to a case
involving the removal of aliens to a third state that was carried out outside the national territory.
The Court stated that the wording of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 did not itself pose an obstacle
to its extraterritorial application, i.e. it did not have a territorial limitation. Further, the Court
reiterated that the Convention is a living instrument which must be interpreted in light of
present-day conditions and in a manner, which renders the guarantees concrete and effective
instead of theoretical and illusory.192 Most importantly, the Court was of the view that:
If, therefore, Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 were to apply only to collective expulsions from the national
territory of the States Parties to the Convention, a significant component of contemporary migratory
patterns would not fall within the ambit of that provision, notwithstanding the fact that the conduct it is
intended to prohibit can occur outside national territory and in particular, as in the instant case, on the
high seas.193

Thus, the Court concluded that Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 was applicable in the instant case.
Considering the merits, the Italian authorities had neither subjected the applicants to any form
of an identification procedure nor carried out any form of examination of each applicant’s
individual situation before returning them to Libya. In addition, the personnel aboard the
military ship were not trained to conduct individual interviews and were not assisted by
interpreters or legal advisers. These facts were sufficient for the Court to conclude that the
removal of the applicants had been of a collective nature, in breach of Article 4 of Protocol No.
4.194
The judgment of Hirsi v. Italy is especially significant since it is the first time that the ECtHR
has extended the application of the prohibition of collective expulsion to situations involving
the removal of aliens to a third state carried out outside the national territory. The judgement
enshrines the application of the effective and dynamic interpretation of the ECHR. At the same

190

Ibid., § 163.
Ibid., § 160.
192
Ibid., § 175.
193
Ibid., § 177.
194
Ibid., §§ 185–186.
191

33

time, Hirsi v. Italy demonstrates the clear tension between state sovereignty and state’s
obligations under international law in the context of migratory flows and border
management.195 While countries are entitled to control their territory and are entitled to expel
aliens, these rights are not absolute and have to be in accordance with international law.
Conclusively, the Court clarified in its judgment of Hirsi v. Italy that the provision of Article
4 of Protocol No. 4 is applicable in situations where persons are being intercepted on the high
seas while trying to reach the territory of a State and are stopped and returned to the originating
state. The same approach was taken a few years later in the judgment of Sharifi and Others v.
Greece and Italy, which concerned the deportation to Greece of migrants who had boarded
vessels for Italy.196
Recently, the Court has established the applicability of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to situations
where individuals are being apprehended in an attempt to cross a national border by land and
immediately removed from a State’s territory by border guards.197 In N.D. and N.T. v. Spain,
the Government contested the jurisdiction arguing that the applicants were not on Spanish
territory. The Court disagreed with the Government’s view and held that the moment the two
applicants got off the fence they were “under the ongoing and exclusive control, at least de
facto, of the Spanish authorities”.198 Consequently, Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 applies to
pushback operations, both on the high seas and on land. The duration of time spent on the
territory is also immaterial when assessing whether or not a State has jurisdiction within the
meaning of Article 1 of the ECHR. In M.K. and Others v. Poland, the Government invoked the
inadmissibility of applications due to issues of jurisdiction linked to Article 1 on the ground
that the applicants “had been on Polish territory only briefly”.199 The ECtHR rejected this
argument and held that states cannot circumvent jurisdiction based on the short duration of time
spent on the national territory.200
3.1.4 The relationship between Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and other provisions inherent
in the ECHR
In several cases, where the Court has assessed the prohibition of collective expulsions, the
applicants have additionally alleged a violation of Article 3 and the principle of non195

Ciliberto, 2018, p. 491.
Sharifi and Others v Italy and Greece, (16643/09), 21.10.2014.
197
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, §187. The Grand Chamber judgment will be
further discussed in section 4.2.2.
198
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, Chamber judgment, (8675/15 and 8697/15), 3.10.2017, § 4.
199
M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020, § 120.
200
Ibid., § 131.
196

34

refoulement.201 Moreover, in most of the cases where the Court has found a violation of the
prohibition of collective expulsion, a violation of Article 3 has also taken place.202 Arguably,
therefore, the prohibition of collective expulsions is closely linked to the scope of the principle
of non-refoulement and this has been emphasized both by the Court and the UNHCR.
Therefore, the author finds it necessary to examine more closely the relationship between these
two provisions.
In N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, the Court held that the domestic rules governing border controls
should not render ineffective the rights guaranteed by the ECHR and in particular by Article 3
of the ECHR and Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR.203 Essentially, the principle on nonrefoulement and the prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens are highly intertwined in that
both provide for a procedural requirement of an individual assessment of each case. As Judge
Pinto De Albuquerque provides in the Concurring Opinion in Hirsi v. Italy, discharging the
non-refoulement obligation requires an evaluation of the personal risk of harm, which can only
take place if aliens have access to a fair and effective procedure by which their cases are
considered individually.204 He continues in the same vein in the Concurring Opinion in M.A.
and Others v. Lithuania by stating that “the principle of non-refoulement would be purely
fictional if the state could prevent the application of the principle by means of pushback policies
and non-admission or rejection at the border”.205
In the Partly Dissenting Opinion in N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, Judge Koskelo emphasized
similarly the strong link between the scope of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and the obligation of
non-refoulement in the context of entry of aliens and held that this link should not be lost. 206
According to Koskelo, the need to ensure effective procedural protection for substantive
Convention rights arising under Article 3 was manifestly absent in the present case. Koskelo
held in conclusion that, because of the strong link between Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and the

201

See, among others, Hirsi Jamaa and others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012; Sharifi and others v. Italy
and Greece (16643/09), 21.10.2014; Moustahi v. France (9347/14), 25.6.2020; M.K. and Others v. Poland,
(40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020.
202
Ibid.
203
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 171.
204
Concurring Opinion by Judge Pinto De Albuquerque in Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09),
23.2.2012, p. 75.
205
Concurring Opinion by Judge Pinto De Albuquerque in M.A. and Others v. Lithuania, (59793/17),
11.12.2018, p. 38.
206
Partly Dissenting Opinion by Judge Koskelo in N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675715 and 8697/15),
13.2.2020, § 7.

35

obligation of non-refoulement, Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 should not be applicable to cases
which do not concern Article 3 of the ECHR. Koskelo suggests a rather radical limitation to
the scope of Article 4 Protocol No. 4. However, her view is not completely surprising, taking
into account the recent judgments issued by the Court. As will be discussed in the forthcoming
sections of this thesis, in several judgments, such as Khlaifia v. Italy and Asady and Others v.
Slovakia, the Court has “lowered” the procedural safeguards under Article 4 Protocol No. 4
because of the absence of a risk of refoulement in case of expulsion.
Nevertheless, the view expressed by Koskelo is in many ways problematic. Linking the scope
of Article 4 Protocol No. 4 exclusively to cases concerning the principle of non-refoulement
would, first of all, reduce many situations where this provision could otherwise be applicable.
Secondly, the provision would render virtually useless (interpretatio abrogans) since an
identical result would be reached by the protection provided in Article 2 and 3, applying the
principle of non-refoulement.207 Arguably, the prohibition of collective expulsion should
concern only the procedure and not the substantive grounds for expulsion, as is the case with
the principle of non-refoulement.208 Therefore, the prohibition of collective expulsion is to be
regarded as a guarantee independent from the non-refoulement principle; an autonomous
guarantee applicable to cases where Article 3 is not deemed relevant.209 This is especially
important in relation to collective expulsions in pushback-situations. Here, the conduct itself
should be deemed unlawful, in breach of the ECHR, and this assessment should not depend on
the potential risk of ill-treatment in the country of origin.
This view has been shared by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCHR), who
has provided that the prohibition of collective expulsions is essentially a due process
requirement that should be considered in its own regard. According to the UNHCHR, “any
state considering expulsion of a group of non-nationals is required to consider, with due
diligence and in good faith, the full range of individual circumstances that may militate against
the expulsion of each particular individual in the group”.210 The UNHCHR sees the risk of
207

Zirulia & Peers, A template for protecting human rights during the ‘refugee crisis’? Immigration detention
and the expulsion of migrants in a recent ECtHR Grand Chamber ruling, EU Law Analysis, 5.1.2017, available
at: http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.com/2017/01/a-template-for-protecting-human-rights.html [accessed
1.12.2020]
208
See, partly dissenting opinion by Judge Serghides, in Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12),
15.1.2016, § 22.
209
Di Filippo, 2020, p. 7.
210
Third party intervention by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Hirsi Jamaa and
Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, p. 3.

36

refoulement as constituting “one such consideration among others”.211 Since the lack of an
individualised assessment of each individual's situation prevents states from adequately
verifying whether a risk of refoulement exists, in a way, the prohibition of collective expulsion
presents a precondition for the realization of the principle non-refoulement.212
Article 13 is also closely linked to the prohibition of collective expulsions and requires effective
remedies in case of violations of rights inherent in the ECHR. Undoubtedly, the practice of
immediate expulsions and pushbacks deprive migrants of any possibility to challenge the
legality of the expulsion decision.213 According to the Court, the notion of effective remedy
under Article 13 requires that the remedy may prevent the execution of measures that are
contrary to the ECHR and whose effects might be irreversible.214 Further, the absence of any
domestic procedure to enable potential asylum-seekers to lodge their Convention-based
complaints may also lead to a violation of Article 13. 215 However, since the lack of effective
remedies is also examined under Article 4 of Protocol No. 4, it will not always be necessary
for the Court to examine Article 13 separately.216
3.2 Article 19 (1) in the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights
Under EU law, the EU Charter, as a source of primary law in the EU legal order, prohibits
collective expulsions in its Article 19 (1). Thus, while Greece has not ratified Protocol No. 4
to the ECHR, they are nevertheless bound by the prohibition of collective expulsion when
implementing EU law. Article 19 (1) is almost identical with Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and
raises similarly the issue about the right to an individual consideration of personal
circumstances before expulsion.217 The Explanations relating to the EU Charter establishes
similarly that:
Paragraph 1 of this Article has the same meaning and scope as Article 4 of Protocol No 4 to the ECHR
concerning collective expulsion. Its purpose is to guarantee that every decision is based on a specific
examination and that no single measure can be taken to expel all persons having the nationality of a
particular State.218
211

Ibid.
Riemer, 2020, p. 250.
213
Third-party intervention by the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights at CJEU proceedings
concerning cases of N.D. v. Spain (8675/15) and N.T. v. Spain. (8697/15), 22.3.2018, COMDH(2018)11.
214
Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, § 79.
215
Hirsi Jamaa v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, §§ 201-207; Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece,
(16643/09), 21.10.2014, §§ 240-243.
216
Georgia v. Russia (I) [GC], (13255/07), 3.7.2014, § 212.
217
Guild, 2014, pp. 543–562, 549.
218
Official Journal of the European Union, Explanations relating to the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights,
14.12.2007, (2007/C 303/02), Explanation on Article 19.
212

37

In light of Article 52 (3) of the Charter, the jurisprudence of the ECtHR in matters concerning
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is determinant as regards Article 19 (1). Therefore, the interpretation
of the two provisions is largely the same.219 However, in contrast to the prohibition of collective
expulsion in Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR, Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter applies to everyone.
Thus, the provision is not limited to third country nationals.
Considering the applicability of EU law in matters concerning pushbacks and collective
expulsions, several NGOs have highlighted a crucial judgment issued by the Slovenian
Administrative Court on 17 July 2020. In its judgment, the Administrative Court found that the
Republic of Slovenia had violated the applicant’s right to asylum (Article 18 of the EU
Charter), the prohibition of collective expulsions (Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter) and the
principle of non-refoulement (Article 19 (2) of the EU Charter). The applicant, a member of a
persecuted English-speaking minority from Cameroon, wanted to apply for asylum in Slovenia,
but had instead been readmitted to Croatia and further chain refouled to Bosnia-Herzegovina.
The Republic of Slovenia was found to have breached the prohibition of collective expulsion
since the applicant had not been informed about his asylum rights, was not issued with a
removal order at any time, had no access to a translator or legal aid and as regards the chain
refoulement, there were “sufficient reliable reports on possible risks from the point of view of
Article 3 of ECHR” in both Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina.220 This case is crucial
considering that the case law on collective expulsions has so far been relatively modest.221
Notably, the CJEU has to date never been asked to interpret Article 19 (1) of the Charter. This
inherently implies that national courts do not appear to rely on the prohibition of collective
expulsion on a regular basis.222

219

According to Article 52 (3) of the EU Charter, the provision shall not prevent Union law providing more
extensive protection. Thus, it provides for the minimum level of protection which shall be the same as that of the
ECHR.
220
Border Violence Monitoring Network, Press Release: Court find Slovenian state guilty of chain pushback to
Bosnia-Herzegovina, 20.7.2020, available at: https://www.borderviolence.eu/wp-content/uploads/PressRelease_Slovenian-Court-Ruling.pdf; Border Violence Monitoring Network, InfoKolpa: Press Kit for Foreign
Media, available at: https://www.borderviolence.eu/wp-content/uploads/PRESS-KIT-FOR-INTERNATIONALMEDIA.pdf; Refugee Rights Europe, Pushbacks and Rights Violations at European Borders: A Summary of
Key News Coverage and Evidence 17 July to 24 July 2020, available at: https://refugee-rights.eu/wpcontent/uploads/2020/07/Pushbacks-News-Roundup-17-July-to-24-July-2020.pdf.pdf
221
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119–146, 131.
222
Carlier & Leboeuf, 2020, pp. 455–473, p. 456. The case law of the CJEU has rather focused on Article 19 (2)
of the EU Charter, which established the principle of non-refoulement.

38

4. Procedural guarantees preventing the collective expulsion
4.1 Procedural guarantees in Article 4 of Protocol No. 4
4.1.1 The right to an individual and objective examination
A crucial part of the prohibition of collective expulsion entails the right to a reasonable and
objective examination of the particular case of each individual alien of the group. This
procedural guarantee can be deduced from the case law of the ECtHR on Article 4 of Protocol
No. 4. The Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe specified in its Twenty Guidelines
on Forced Return that the “removal order shall only be issued on the basis of a reasonable and
objective examination of the particular case of each individual person concerned, and it shall
take into account the circumstances specific to each case”.223 The individualisation requirement
is also inherent in the definition of the prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens, provided
in the case law of the Court. Put in simple terms, the definition, as discussed in Chapter 3,
implies that where an expulsion decision is made on the basis of a reasonable and objective
examination of the particular case of each individual alien of the group, no collective expulsion
has taken place.224 While the Court does not define what a “reasonable and objective
examination of the particular case” amounts to, in Hirsi v. Italy the Court highlighted certain
crucial elements, such as an identification procedure, individual interviews by qualified
personnel and the assistance of interpreters and legal advisers.225 The Court does not, however,
imply where these procedures must be carried out.
An important element in order to fulfill the requirement of an objective and individual
examination is the identification of the person concerned. This is particularly important,
bearing in mind the unlawful actions of pushbacks, where migrants are immediately returned
without any identification. In M.A. v. Cyprus, the ECtHR did not find a violation of Article 4
of Protocol No. 4 on the basis that “the authorities had carried out a background check with
regard to each person before issuing the orders and separate deportation and detention orders
were issued in respect of each person”.226 Meanwhile, in Hirsi v. Italy and Sharifi v. Italy and
Greece, the ECtHR condemned that the immediate rejection at the border was done without

223

Committee of Ministers, Twenty Guidelines of Forced Return, September 2005, Guideline 3.
However, the background to the execution of the expulsion orders plays a role in determining whether there
has been compliance with Article 4 of Protocol No. 4.
225
Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 185.
226
MA v. Cyprus, (41872/10), 23.7.2013, § 254.
224

39

prior identification of the individuals concerned. Another critical element in order for the
requirement of “objective and reasonable” to be met, is that the individualised examination
should be real, and not merely formal.227 This was established in the first inadmissible decision
by the former Commission in case Becker v. Denmark, where the former Commission indicated
that a pure formality is not enough for evading Article 4. This requirement is largely interlinked
with the ECHR intending to guarantee rights which are not theoretical and illusory, but rather
practical and effective.228 Thus, when the applicants put forward arguments against their
expulsion, these arguments should be reasonably and objectively examined by the national
authorities before deciding on the removal decision.229 The objective assessment can require,
inter alia, that reasonable weighing takes place between the interests of each individual and the
interest envisaged by the authorities with the expulsion.230
Building on the standards implemented by the Court as regards the individualised examination,
the UNHCHR has complemented the Court’s assessment by providing that;
an individualized examination must be able to appreciate the full range of arguments that weigh against
the expulsion of a particular individual; adequately trained on relevant standards of national and
international law; and, in a position to corroborate relevant elements, where necessary. Furthermore, the
procedure applied has to be gender sensitive and special measures have to be put in place to allow
unaccompanied minors and persons with special needs the opportunity to have their case properly
appreciated.231

The Court has held that, in order to assess whether there has been a sufficiently individualised
examination it will be necessary to consider the circumstances of the case and to verify whether
the specific situation of the individuals concerned where taken into consideration.232
Furthermore, it will be necessary to look into the particular circumstances of the expulsion and
the “general context at the material time”.233 The Court, therefore, finds it best to approach this
assessment from a holistic point of view, taking into account all relevant facts which will have
an impact on the assessment of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. In the judgment of Čonka v.
Belgium, for instance, the majority’s doubts stemmed from “a series of circumstances”

227

Becker v. Denmark, (7011/75), 3.10.1975, in van Dijk, van Hoof, 1998, p. 677.
See, among many others, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], § 171; Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC],
(27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 175.
229
den Heijer, 2013, p. 285.
230
van Dijk, van Hoof, 1998, p. 677.
231
Third party intervention by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Hirsi Jamaa and
Others v. Italy, 23.2.2012, (27765/09), § 46.
232
See, Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016, § 238; Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, § 183.
233
Georgia v. Russia (I) [GC], (13255/07), 3.7.2014, § 171.
228

40

concerning the forcible removal of the applicant.234 In the judgment of M.K. and Others v.
Poland, the Court saw it necessary to emphasize that the applicants’ cases constituted “an
exemplification of a wider state policy of refusing entry to foreigners coming from Belarus”.235
This, once again, enshrines the holistic approach taken by the Court.
A stereotyped motivation for an expulsion order will not itself lead to a violation of Article 4
of Protocol No. 4.236 The Court has held that the fact that a number of aliens are subject to
similar decisions does not in itself suffice to conclude that there is a collective expulsion if each
person has been given the opportunity to put arguments against his or her expulsion.237 That
does not mean, however, that where there has been a reasonable and objective examination of
the particular case of each individual “the background to the execution of the expulsion orders
plays no further role in determining whether there has been compliance with Article 4 of
Protocol No. 4”.238 In M.A. v. Cyprus, despite the fact that the letters were drafted in identical
terms, the Court found no violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 establishing that “what is
important is that every case was looked at individually and decided on its own particular
facts”.239 In Čonka v. Belgium, meanwhile, the stereotyped motivation of expulsion order was
of particular relevance in order for the Court to find a violation of the prohibition.
In several cases concerning collective expulsions, the applicants have alleged that they were
not interviewed individually by the state authorities. Issues have been linked with, inter alia,
the lack of an interview, the length of the interview, overlapping interviews and the quality of
the questions asked by the authorities. The question of individual interviews is in many ways
controversial and finds no common ground in the case law of the Court. In 2016, the Court
established a restrictive approach on this matter, in its Grand Chamber judgment of Khlaifia v.
Italy.240 Recently, the Court issued its ruling in Asady and Others v. Slovakia, which continued
largely in the same manner as that of Khlaifia v. Italy.241 Despite several concerning facts, the
Court concluded in both cases that no violation of Article 4 Protocol No. 4. had taken place.
These cases have given rise to discussions and controversy regarding the interpretation of the
234

Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, § 62.
M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020, § 207.
236
Carlier & Leboeuf, 2020, pp. 455-473, p. 458.
237
see, among others, Sultani v. France, (45223/05), 20.9.2007, § 81; Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC],
(27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 184.
238
Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, § 59.
239
M.A. v. Cyprus, (41872/10), 23.7.2013, § 254.
240
Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.12.2016.
241
Asady and Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020.
235

41

procedural guarantees under Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. This will be discussed more in depth
in section 4.2.1.
The fact that the judges of the Court have on several occasions been unable to agree on the
question whether or not there has been an objective and individual assessment of claims against
the expulsion order represents the difficulties that the judges face in the assessment of Article
4 of Protocol No. 4. Already in the judgment of Čonka v. Belgium, being the first case where
the Court found a breach of the prohibition of collective expulsions, two dissenting opinions
were submitted against the view of the majority. Judge Valears did not share the doubts of the
majority on whether there was a reasonable and objective examination of the applicants’
individual situation. The judge criticized the purely formal element into the definition of the
concept of “collective expulsion”. According to Judge Valears, the majority should have
followed the decision in Andric v. Sweden, in which the Court held that the fact that a number
of aliens received similar decisions did not automatically imply that there was a collective
expulsion if “each person had been given the opportunity to put arguments against his expulsion
to the competent authorities on an individual basis”.242 Judge Jungwiert, joined by Judge Kuris,
continued in the same manner and held that he could not agree with the opinion of the majority
about a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 since the personal circumstances of each
expelled alien were examined on three separate occasions. Judge Jungwiert agreed with the
opinion expressed in the decision in Andric243 and held further that the provision did not, in his
view, prevent states from grouping together “for reasons of economy or efficiency, people who,
at the end of similar proceedings, are to be expelled to the same country”.244
4.1.2 The right to legal aid and access to information
Both legal assistance and the access to information can be regarded as important procedural
safeguards in the prohibition of collective expulsion. The ECtHR has previously ruled a
violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 in cases where there has been clear evidence that the
applicants were not afforded legal assistance and/or access to information about their asylum
procedure. In Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece the Court found a violation of Article 4
Protocol No. 4 as regards one of the applicants who, at the time of the identity check, had not

242

Andric v. Sweden, (45917/99), 23.2.1999, § 58
Ibid.
244
Partly dissenting opinion of Judge Jungwiert, joined by Judge Kuris in Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99),
5.2.2002.
243

42

been provided an interpreter or a legal advisor, which were considered crucial for a successful
interview.245
Providing legal assistance is essential in order to ensure that the foreign national is well
informed and will be able to effectively exercise the right to appeal. However, there might be
various reasons why legal assistance is not made accessible; It can be a cause of the remote
places of pushbacks, insufficient capacity and funding of legal aid and/or restricted access for
legal aid organisations.246 In conducting pushback policies, states are often aiming at rapid
actions. Providing legal assistance can produce certain delays, which may be the main reason
for a state to make legal aid inaccessible to individuals. Access to legal aid can also be hindered
through limiting the possibility of obtaining free legal assistance at borders.247 In M.S.S. v.
Belgium and Greece the Court held that the applicant lacked the practical means to pay a lawyer
in Greece and did not receive information concerning access to organisations offering legal
advice. Further, there was a shortage of legal aid lawyers, which rendered the whole Greek
legal aid system ineffective in practice.248 This represents a series of different factors which,
taken either separately or cumulatively, can have a direct effect on the actual access to legal
assistance.
The right to legal aid is an important factor in assessing the compatibility of the provision under
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and is significant in order for the Court to determine whether or not
a collective expulsion has taken place. However, it is rather unlikely for the Court to find a
breach of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 only on the basis of the lack or absence of legal aid.
Rather, it is usually one of several concerning facts that, taken together, is sufficient in order
for the Court to find a violation of the prohibition of collective expulsions. Recently, in M.K.
and Others v. Poland, the Court held that the applicants were not allowed lawyers and were
denied access to them, even when, in respect of two of the applicants, the lawyers were at the
border checkpoint and demanded to be allowed to meet with their clients.249 In its judgment,
the Court concluded that a violation of Article 4 Protocol No. 4 had taken place. The fact that

245

Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece, (16643/09), 21.10.2014; See also, Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC],
(16483/12), 15.12.2016, § 220.
246
Strik, 2020, pp. 234-258, 252.
247
Lysenia, 2020, pp. 87-106, 89.
248
M.S.S. v. Belgium and Greece [GC], (30696/09), 21.1.2011, § 319. See also, Council of Europe and FRA,
Handbook on European Law relating to asylum, borders and immigration, 2015, p. 112
249
M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020, § 206.

43

the applicants had not been allowed lawyers played a pivotal role in order for the Court to come
to this conclusion.
Access to information is crucial in order for the migrants to be aware of their asylum procedure,
their rights, which steps to take and in order to obtain remedy for human rights violations. As
Tineke Strik writes, “the absence of adequate and comprehensive information about the asylum
procedure makes [irregular migrants] vulnerable for poorly trained local border officials”.250
The ECtHR has also established the lack of access to information as “a major obstacle in
accessing asylum procedures”.251 Several NGOs have expressed their particular concern about
the lack of information about asylum procedures. In its third party intervention in Khlaifia v.
Italy, Amnesty International held that the foreign nationals had not been given proper
information about access to asylum procedures and in many cases had been given no
information about their situation at all.252 Recently, the Court reiterated once again the
important procedural guarantee of access to information in its judgement of Muhammad and
Muhammad v. Romania. Although the case did not explicitly concern Article 4 of Protocol No.
4, it nevertheless provided valuable interpretation highlighting the procedural guarantees which
should be guaranteed prior to expulsion. Notably, the Court was of the view that “failure to
provide the applicants with information about the conduct of the domestic proceedings in the
Court of Appeal and the rights that they should have enjoyed, combined with the rapidity of
the procedure, had the effect of negating the procedural safeguards to which the applicants
were entitled before that court”.253
The access to information is closely linked to the right to access an interpreter or translator,
since without it, it will ultimately be impossible to understand the information provided as
regards the asylum procedure. Access to an interpreter or translator is pivotal in order for the
individual to be able to put forward relevant arguments against the measures as well as
challenge the legal grounds for the expulsion. In their joint dissenting opinion in Khlaifia v.
Italy, Judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland saw it important to highlight the troubling
fact that, while the applicants’ interviews had been overlapping, there had meanwhile only been

250

Strik, 2020, pp. 234–258, 252.
Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 204; M.S.S. v. Belgium and Greece [GC],
(30696/09), 21.1.2011, § 304.
252
Third party intervention by Amnesty International in Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12),
15.1.2016.
253
Muhammad and Muhammad v. Romania [GC], (80982/12), 15.10.2020, § 182.
251

44

one single interpreter present at that time.254 Thus, the applicants lacked access to an interpreter
since it was essentially impossible for the interpreter to be present in every interview conducted
over that time. The Court has given particular importance to the right to access a
translator/interpreter and this, although not sufficient alone, has been an important element in
order for the Court to find a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4.
4.2 A restrictive approach taken by the Grand Chamber
4.2.1 The conditions of the individual interview
The much criticised Grand Chamber ruling in Khlaifia v. Italy clarified that Article 4 of
Protocol No. 4 does not guarantee the right to an individual interview in all circumstances.
Rather, the requirements of the provision may be satisfied where “each alien has a genuine and
effective possibility of submitting arguments against his or her expulsion, and where those
arguments are examined in an appropriate manner by the authorities of the respondent State”.255
The facts of the case in Khlaifia v. Italy occurred during the Arab Spring and concerned three
nationals from Tunisia who left with others on board vessels heading for the Italian coast. After
being intercepted by the Italian coastguard, they were transferred to a reception centre (CSPA)
in Lampedusa. According to the applicants, they were held in an overcrowded area with
inadequate space to sleep and no contact with the outside world. After violent demonstrations,
the applicants were transferred to Palermo and were placed on ships that were moored in the
harbour. After a few days staying in overcrowded areas, the applicants were taken to Palermo
airport where they were identified by the Tunisian consul and deported to Tunisia on the basis
of a bilateral agreement between the two States.
Before the Court, the applicants held, first of all, that they had had no oral contract with
authorities and had at no point been interviewed. Secondly, they had not been able to receive
assistance from a lawyer.256 The refusal-of-entry orders were almost identical, very
standardised and did not mention anything about personal circumstances. In its Chamber
judgment, the judges held that there had been a violation of Article 4 Protocol No. 4 as well as
Article 13 taken in conjunction with Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. According to the Chamber,

254

Joint dissenting opinion of judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland in the judgment of Khlaifia and
Others v. Italy, [GC], (16483/12), 15.12.2016, para. 10.
255
Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.12.2016, § 248.
256
Ibid., § 214.

45

the refusal-of-entry orders did not contain any reference to the personal situations of the
applicants concerned. The Chamber was of the view that the Government “had failed to
produce any document capable of proving that individual interviews concerning the specific
situation of each applicant had taken place”.257 Further, the Chamber acknowledged the fact
that “a large number of individuals of the same origin, around the time of the events at issue,
had been subjected to the same outcome as the applicants”.258
The case was later referred to the Grand Chamber. On 15 December 2016 the Grand Chamber
gave its judgment, taking a new stand on the issue and reversing the ruling previously given by
the Chamber. The Grand Chamber confirmed that Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 requires that a
state provides every migrant with a genuine and effective possibility of giving reasoning
against expulsion. However, while the Chamber was of the view that a personal interview was
crucial in order for the requirement of an objective and individual assessment to be met, the
Grand Chamber departed from the Court’s previously established case-law, and held that
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 did not guarantee the right to an individual interview in all
circumstances.259 Instead, the Grand Chamber held the applicants underwent two identification
procedures during which they had the possibility of explaining to the national authorities any
circumstance that might have affected their status and entitled them to remain in Italy.260
In its Grand Chamber judgment, the judges observed that “the applicants representatives both
in their written observations and the public hearing [...], were unable to indicate the slightest
factual or legal ground which, under international or national law, could have justified their
clients’ presence on Italian territory and precluded their removal”.261 This led to the judges
contesting the usefulness of an individual interview in the present case. 262 The fact that the
refusal-of-entry orders had been drafted in almost comparable terms could also partly be
explained by the fact that the applicants had not alleged that they feared ill-treatment in the
event of return.263 This calls into question whether the procedural guarantee of an individual
interview inherent in Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 will only become relevant in case there is a
real risk that the applicants might be subjected to treatment contrary to articles 2 and/or 3. In
257

Ibid., § 213.
Ibid,
259
Ibid., § 248.
260
Ibid., § 249, 254.
261
Ibid., § 253.
262
Ibid.
263
Ibid., § 251.
258

46

its partly dissenting opinion, Judge Serghides also sees this as a way of shifting the burden of
proof from the state to the individual. Where it has previously been clear that it is for the state
to ascertain the individual and objective assessment of each case, the reasoning in this case
demonstrates otherwise, shifting the burden of proof to the individual “to prove that he or she
would have a genuine and effective possibility of obtaining international or other legal
protection”.264 Further, if the procedural safeguards inherent in the prohibition of collective
expulsion would only apply effectively in the presence of the risk to life or ill-treatment, it
could essentially make the provision of Article 4 Protocol No. 4 virtually useless since an
identical result would be reached by the protection provided in articles 2 and 3, applying the
principle of non-refoulement.265
The Grand Chamber’s ruling in Khlaifia v. Italy has been said as weakening the content of the
prohibition of collective expulsion and undermining the concrete due process rights and
overall, the protection for migrants against arbitrary expulsion.266 The recent judgment in
Asady and Others v. Slovakia continued largely in the same manner, focusing on the conditions
of the individual interview.267 In this case, the Court held controversially by four votes to three
that there had been no violation of Article 4 Protocol No. 4. The case concerned the expulsion
to Ukraine of a group of Afghan nationals who had attempted to enter Slovakia irregularly in
2014. The applicants held that their expulsion had been of a collective nature since the
expulsion had been carried out without a proper individual examination of their cases.
According to the applicants, they had not been interviewed separately, the interviews were
carried out under extreme time pressure and their interviews overlapped in several cases.
The Court reiterated that Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 does not guarantee the right to an
individual interview in all circumstances. Instead, “what matters is whether the applicants had

264

Partly dissenting opinion of Judge Serghides in Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016, §
12 (b).
265
Zirulia & Peers, A template for protecting human rights during the ‘refugee crisis’? Immigration detention
and the expulsion of migrants in a recent ECtHR Grand Chamber ruling, EU Law Analysis, 5.1.2017, available
at: http://eulawanalysis.blogspot.com/2017/01/a-template-for-protecting-human-rights.html [accessed
1.12.2020].; See also, section 3.1.4 on the the relationship between Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and other
provisions inherent in the ECHR.
266
See, among others, Vengoechea & Cox, Case Watch: Europe’s Human Rights Court Delivers Mixed Ruling
on Migrant Rights (Part one), Open Society Justice Initiative, 13.1.2017, available at:
https://www.justiceinitiative.org/voices/case-watch-europe-s-human-rights-court-delivers-mixed-rulingmigrant-rights-part-one [accessed 29.10.2020]
267
Asady and Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020.

47

a genuine and effective opportunity to submit arguments against their expulsion”.268 The Court
noted that interviews had overlapped and held that the Government’s explanation that there
could have been some errors in the recording of those interview was not entirely plausible.
However, “this was not in itself sufficient to justify the applicant’s view that the interviews
were not conducted on an individual basis”.269 As to the content of the interviews, the Court
was of the view that, even if the applicants were asked standardised questions, it was not a
problem “so far as those questions were aimed at establishing the factors that had led to
applicants to leave their country of origin”.270 Meanwhile, the practice of standardised
questions have been strongly discouraged by, inter alia, the UNHCR.271 Further, the fact that
the answers had been very similar could in the Court’s view be explained through the fact that
the details of the applicants’ journey might have been similar.272 This approach has been
criticized since it roughly ignores the fact that, even if the applicants’ journey was the same,
the reasons to leave Afghanistan were not necessarily the same.273
As to the duration of the interviews, the applicants held that they were under extreme time
pressure, since the interviews lasted for only ten minutes. The Court held that the short
interviews “may be a consequence of the applicants not stating anything that would require a
more thorough examination” and clarified that the applicants had not asserted any risk of being
subjected to ill-treatment if returned back (the similar approach was taken in Khlaifia v.
Italy).274 Judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland issued a joint dissenting opinion in
this case and held that, in their view, the applicants had indeed been subjected to a collective
expulsion, particularly on the basis that no individual interview had taken place. According to
these judges, the fact that the individual interviews were conducted in ten minutes did not
provide enough time to explain and investigate the process, let alone identify a person and
assess whether he or she was persecuted and required international protection.275

268

Ibid., §§ 64-65.
Ibid., § 64.
270
Ibid., § 66.
271
See, Gatta, Francesco Luigi ‘Tell me your story, but hurry up because I have to expel you’ – Asady and
Others v. Slovakia: how to (quickly) conduct individual interviews and (not) apply the ND & NT “own culpable
conduct” test to collective expulsions, Strasbourg Observers, 2020.
272
Asady and Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020, § 66.
273
Gatta, Francesco Luigi ‘Tell me your story, but hurry up because I have to expel you’ – Asady and Others v.
Slovakia: how to (quickly) conduct individual interviews and (not) apply the ND & NT “own culpable conduct”
test to collective expulsions, Strasbourg Observers, 2020.
274
Asady and Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020, §§ 66-67.
275
Joint dissenting opinion of judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland in the judgment of Asady and
Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020, § 13.
269

48

4.2.2 The exception of the “own culpable conduct”
The judgment by the Grand Chamber of the Court in case N.D. and N.T. v. Spain reflects, once
again, the difficulty in defining the scope of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. The judgment has been
criticized as a major setback for refugee protection,276 ignoring the reality at European
borders.277 On 13th of February 2020, the Grand Chamber of the ECtHR continued the trend
of overturning the Chamber’s judgments by rejecting the complaint of two migrants who had
been pushed back by Spanish authorities at the border of the Melilla enclave, between Spain
and Morocco. While the Chamber had earlier, in 2017, held that Spain had violated the
prohibition of collective expulsion, to the contrary, the Grand Chamber concluded that there
had been no violation, and this was purely the consequence of the applicants “own culpable
conduct”.
The case is particularly significant for the purpose of this thesis, since it concerns explicitly the
activity of pushing back irregular migrants at the external borders. The applicants, nationals of
Mali and Côte d’Ivoire, fled from their countries of origin and arrived in Morocco
independently from one another. The autonomous city of Melilla is a Spanish enclave located
on the north coast of Africa and surrounded by Moroccan territory. The border between Melilla
and Morocco is an external border of the Schengen area and thus provides access to the EU.
There are four land border crossing points between Morocco and Spain, located along a triple
fence. The border is guarded by the Spanish Guardia Civil, who has been accused of
conducting pushbacks of migrants coming from Morocco on a regular basis.278 After a visit to
Melilla, Nils Muižnieks, the former Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights,
expressed his concern after having received consistent information on pushbacks, in some cases
accompanied by excessive use of force, carried out by the Spanish Guardia Civil.279
On 13th of August 2014, the Spanish police prevented around 500 migrants from scaling the
outer fence, but around a hundred migrants nevertheless succeeded, among them the applicants.

276

ECCHR, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain - A Major Setback for Refugee Protection: ECtHR dismisses complaint
against Spain, available at: https://www.ecchr.eu/en/case/nd-and-nt-v-spain/ [accessed 24.11.2020].
277
Jones, Sam, European Courts under fire for backing up Spain’s express deportations, The Guardian,
13.2.2020, available at: https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/feb/13/european-court-under-fire-backingspain-express-deportations [accessed 29.1.2021].
278
Schmalz & Pichl, “Unlawful” may not mean rightless. The shocking ECtHR Grand Chamber judgment in
case N.D: and N.T, Verfassungsblog, 14.2.2020.
279
Council of Europe, Spain: Legislation and practice on immigration and asylum must adhere to human rights
standards, press release issued at the end of the Commissioner’s visit to Spain (Melilla and Madrid) from 13-16
January 2015, 16.1.2015.

49

The Spanish border guards helped the migrants on the border fence down and immediately
handed them over to the Moroccan authorities. The applicants alleged that they had not
undergone any identification procedure and had had no opportunity to explain their personal
circumstances or to be assisted by lawyers or interpreters. 280 They complained that they were
subject to a collective expulsion contrary to Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. In their view, this
reflected a systematic policy of irregular returns which lacked any legal basis.281 In addition,
the applicants alleged a violation of Article 3 and Article 13, of those taken together and lastly
of Article 13 taken together with Article 4 Protocol No. 4 that they had no access to an effective
remedy with suspensive effect by which to challenge their immediate return. The Court held
unanimously in its Chamber judgment that Spain had violated Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 and
Article 13 in conjunction with Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. However, the alleged complaints
under Article 3 were declared inadmissible.
On 14 December 2017 the Government requested the referral of the case to the Grand Chamber
under Article 43 of the ECHR. On 29th of January 2018 the panel of the Grand Chamber
granted the request.282 In its judgment, the Grand Chamber held that the decisive criterion in
order for an expulsion to be characterised as “collective” is the absence of “a reasonable and
objective examination of the particular case of each individual alien of the group”.283 The Court
noted that no individual examination was ever made.284 However, the Court held that the
applicant’s own conduct is a relevant factor in assessing the protection to be afforded under
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4.285
It needed thus to be assessed whether the collective expulsion was attributable to the applicants’
own conduct, in which case Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 would not be violated. Here, the Grand
Chamber identified two situations, in which the collective expulsion was attributable to the
applicant’s own conduct. First of all, “the lack of active cooperation with the available
procedure for conducting an individual examination” and secondly, “the conduct of persons
who cross a land border in an unauthorised manner, deliberately take advantage of their large
numbers and use force, is such as to create a clearly disruptive situation which is difficult to
280

N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, Chamber judgment, (8675/15 and 8697/15), 3.10.2017, § 64.
Ibid., § 67.
282
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 9.
283
Ibid., § 195.
284
In the authors view, this should have been sufficient in order to conclude that Spain had violated Article 4 of
Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR.
285
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 200.
281

50

control and endangers public safety”.286 In previous judgments, the “own culpable conduct”
concept has been referred to the first situation, where the own conduct has been attributed to,
inter alia, the refusal to show identity papers to the police287 or the consequence of filing a joint
application tendering the same evidence.288 However, in N.D. and N.T. v. Spain the Court
referred to the second situation, introducing a completely new aspect to the “own culpable
conduct” exception. What distinguishes the first situation from the second, is that, in the first,
there has been an attempt of the authorities to assess the applicant’s cases, while in the second,
the individuals have been pushed back as a consequence of the authorities’ unwillingness to
carry out the examination of individual circumstances.289
The Grand Chamber was of the view that “the applicants had in fact placed themselves in an
unlawful situation where they had deliberately attempted to enter Spain on 13 August 2014 by
crossing the Melilla border protection structures as part of a large group and at an unauthorised
location, taking advantage of the group’s large number and using force”.290 Because of this, the
Grand Chamber concluded that there had been no violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4, as a
consequence of the applicants “own culpable conduct”.
The reasoning of the Court in the Grand Chamber’s decision has been heavily criticized by,
inter alia, NGO:s, international organizations and scholars. It has been suggested that, through
this “bad behaviour” exception, the Court “de facto introduces an interpretative derogation to
Convention right formulated in absolute terms”.291 One source of criticism has been the
question whether jumping off a fence could be identified as a violent act, and whether a violent
act can justify the abandoning of principles that guarantee the rights of foreigners.292 The Court
referred to the “use of force”, which usually indicates a violent act. Yet, no evidence
demonstrated that the migrants, and in particular the applicants, had used any force or acted
violently. Controversially, evidence showed that the authorities had used disproportionate

286

Ibid., §§ 200–201.
Inadmissibility decision in Dritsas and Others v. Italy, (2344/02), 1.2.2011.
288
Inadmissibility decision in Berisha and Haljiti v. Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, (18670/03),
16.6.2005.
289
Hakiki, Hanaa, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain: Defining Strasbourg’s position on push backs at land?, Strasbourg
Observers, 26.3.2020.
290
ECtHR, Spain did not breach the Convention in returning migrants to Morocco who had attempted to cross
the fences of the Melilla enclave, Press Release, ECHR 063 (2020), 13.2.2020.
291
Di Filippo, 2020, p. 18.
292
Barbero & Illamola-Dausà, 2020, pp. 43-63, 50
287

51

violence to prevent the migrants from entering Spain.293 This establishes, once again, the
“problematic narrative of allegedly violent migrants who are planning to invade the EU in large
numbers”.294
The Grand Chamber held in N.D. and N.T. v. Spain that the applicants “did not make use of
the existing legal procedures for gaining lawful entry”.295 According to the Court, the
applicants had been afforded genuine and effective access to Spanish territory at the Beni Enzar
border crossing point.296 Meanwhile, the UNHCR, among others, had clearly held that it had
not been possible to request asylum at the Beni Enzar border crossing.297 The Court also noted
several reports, issued by e.g. the UNHCR, the European Committee for the Prevention of
Torture (CPT) and the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights, indicating that
Sub-saharan migrants faced racial profiling by Moroccan police forces, making it impossible
for them to request asylum at the border crossing.298 Here, the Court stated merely that, in their
view, the Spanish Government was not in any way responsible for this state of affairs.299 Thus,
the Court decided not to address this concerning issue.
It seems that many scholars have agreed that this judgment sets a dangerous precedent to future
cases, since it subordinates the fundamental procedural guarantees underlying the prohibition
of collective expulsion to the requirement of legal entry.300 Further, Judges Lemmens, Keller
and Schembri Orland have held that “an overly broad interpretation of the judgment of N.D.
and N.T. v. Spain could damage the broad consensus within the international community”
concerning compliance with “the Convention guarantees and in particular […] the obligation
of non-refoulement”.301 While the Chamber decided to take a strong stance on migration
control, the Grand Chamber continued the trend of overturning decisions, showing an

293

Hakiki, Hanaa, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain: Defining Strasbourg’s position on push backs at land?, Strasbourg
Observers, 26.3.2020.
294
Schmalz, & Pichl, “Unlawful” may not mean rightless. The shocking ECtHR Grand Chamber judgment in case
N.D: and N.T, Verfassungsblog, 14.2.2020.
295
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 231.
296
Ibid., § 222.
297
Ibid., § 152.
298
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, (CPT, §58; UNHCR, §155; Council of
Europe’s Commissioner for Human Rights, §143) in Hakiki, Hanaa, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain: Defining
Strasbourg’s position on push backs at land?, Strasbourg Observers, 26.3.2020.
299
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain [GC], (8675/15 and 8697/15), 13.2.2020, § 218.
300
Raimondo, Giulia, N.D. and N.T. v Spain: A Slippery Slope for the Protection of Irregular Migrant, Oxford
Faculty of Law, 20.4.2020.
301
Joint Dissenting Opinion of Judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland in Asady and Others v. Slovakia,
24.3.2020, (24917/15), § 25.

52

unwillingness of providing such a strong protection for migrants at borders. Meanwhile, as
several third party interveners argue, there was in reality no possibility for the applicants to
access the border legally and thus be able to access the asylum procedure. This left the
applicants without any other option then to climb over the fence. It seems as if the Grand
Chamber decided not to approach these underlying and troubling issues leading to the
applicants’ irregular entry, which then justified the lack of an individual removal decision and
the expulsion of the applicants. This renders the judgment very controversial and speculative.
Interestingly, in neither the judgment of Asady and Others v. Slovakia nor Moustahi v. France
did the Court give any particular weight to the exception of “own culpable conduct” which
dominated the judgment of N.D. and N.T. v. Spain.302 It was not until the judgment of M.K.
and Others v. Poland where the Court decided, again, to focus on the analysis of the applicants’
conduct, concluding that the applicants had behaved in an orderly manner. Thus, the exception
did not apply wherefore Poland was not exempted from its liability under Article 4 of Protocol
No. 4.
Considering that the Court adopted this new dimension to the “own culpable conduct” test quite
recently, it will remain to be seen how the Court will continue to assess this exception in the
upcoming cases concerning the prohibition of collective expulsion. Judges Lemmens, Keller
and Schembri Orland introduce two critical questions in order for the Court to assess whether
a collective expulsion has taken place;
1. Did the applicants each receive a reasonable and objective examination of their
respective cases?
2. If the applicants’ individual cases were not reasonably and objectively examined,
should this be attributed to their own conduct?303
The second question should further be assessed taking into account, inter alia, the number of
individuals involved, the possible use of force or endangerment of public safety and the
effective access to means of legal entry.304 These elements could provide sufficient guidance
in order for the Court to assess the “own culpable conduct” test in future cases. Thus, there is

302

In Moustahi v. France this exception was not mentioned at all.
Joint dissenting opinion of Judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland in Asady and Others v. Slovakia,
(24917/15), 24.3.2020.
304
Ibid.
303

53

a clear need for systematization in applying this exception to cases of collective expulsions.
Importantly also, the Court needs to assess the potential damage that this exception could have
in future cases of collective expulsions. An overly broad interpretation of the “own culpable
conduct” could ultimately lead to the Court finding all cases of arbitrary expulsions of irregular
migrants as attributable to their own conduct. Consequently, Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. would
become virtually inapplicable to cases of pushbacks at borders, which is why the exception
needs to be carefully assessed, bearing in mind the “broad consensus within the international
community”.305 When drafting Article 4 of Protocol No. 4, the intention was to apply the
prohibition of collective expulsion to “all those who have no actual right to nationality in a
State (…), whether they are refugees or entered the country on their own initiative, (…)”.306
Thus, while the ECHR is a living instrument which should be interpreted in light of presentday conditions, it is nevertheless crucial for the judges to interpret this exception in light of the
main intentions of the drafters of Article 4 Protocol No. 4.
4.3 Procedural guarantees in EU Law
4.3.1 The right to an individual and objective examination
As established above, according to well-established case law of the ECtHR, the prohibition of
collective expulsions guarantees the right to an individual and objective examination of each
individual’s situation prior to a potential removal decision. This right can also be deduced from
Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter, following the principle of equivalent protection established
by Article 52 (3) of the EU Charter.307 The substance of the right to an individual and objective
examination is additionally provided by other rights inherent in the EU Charter, establishing
similar procedural guarantees as those established in the case law of ECtHR. Arguably, the
most important among these are the right to good administration (Article 41), 308 the right to
effective remedy and to a fair trial (Article 47) and presumption of innocence and right of
defence (Article 48).

305

Ibid., § 25.
See, Article 4 of the Committee’s final draft, DH/Exp/Misc (62) 11, 9 March 1962, p. 505, § 34, in Hakiki,
Hanaa, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain: Defining Strasbourg’s position on push backs at land?, Strasbourg Observers,
26.3.2020.
307
Carlier & Leboeuf, 2020, pp. 455-473, 467.
308
However, an important limitation to Article 41 is that it is addressed to institutions, bodies, offices and
agencies of the EU instead of Member States, (see, judgment in Cicala, C 482/10, EU:C:2011:868, paragraph
28).
306

54

As regards EU secondary law, the individualisation requirement can be deduced from e.g. the
Qualification Directive and the Asylum Procedures Directive, which both require that the
assessment of applications is carried out on an individual basis and decisions taken
individually.309 The individualisation requirement can similarly be deduced from the very core
of the Returns Directive, given that removal can only take place after a return decision has been
issued, i.e. after it has been duly established that the person concerned has no right to stay.310
Moreover, Chapter III of the Returns Directive provides for some important procedural
guarantees granted to third-country nationals regarding return decisions, which are meant to
“guarantee effective protection of the interests of the individuals concerned”. 311 Recital 6 in
the preamble to the Returns Directive enshrines the individualisation requirement by providing
that “Member States should ensure that the ending of illegal stay of third-country nationals is
carried out through a fair and transparent procedure”.312 Further, “according to general
principles of EU law, decisions taken under this Directive should be adopted on a case-by-case
basis and based on objective criteria, (...)”.313 In Article 9, the Returns Directive provides for
the obligation to postpone removal in case of a risk of non-refoulement, or for as long as a
suspensory effect is granted in accordance with Article 13(2). This essentially requires an
assessment of the risk of refoulement prior to the issuance of a return decision, thus preventing
immediate refusals and pushbacks at borders. Further, Member States are allowed to postpone
removal in case of e.g. failure of the removal due to lack of identification.314 Article 12 of the
Returns Directive introduces Chapter III and summarizes the most essential procedural
guarantees relevant to third country nationals at borders. The article provides that return
decisions must be issued in writing, give reasons in fact and in law as well as information about
available legal remedies.315 Notably, this provision supports both the objectivity and
individualisation in decision-making.
Article 19 of the EU Charter is closely related to Article 47 of the EU Charter, which guarantees
an effective remedy against any alleged breach of a Charter right.316 Similarly to Article 13 of
the ECHR, which secures an effective remedy for everyone whose rights set forth in the ECHR
309

Article 4 of Qualification Directive 2011/95/EU; Article 10 (3) of the Asylum Procedures Directive
2013/32/EU.
310
Boeles et al., 2014, p. 426.
311
Recital 11 in the preamble to the Returns Directive.
312
Recital 6 in the preamble to the Returns Directive.
313
Ibid.
314
Article 9(2)(b) of the Returns Directive.
315
Article 12 (1) of the Returns Directive.
316
Guild, 2014, pp. 543–562, 545.

55

are violated, Article 47 applies to its full extent in all cases falling within the scope of EU law,
including in the context of border checks and return procedures.317 Considering the access to
legal aid and assistance, the accessibility element is provided in Article 47, which requires that
free legal aid be provided when necessary to ensure effective access to justice. 318 Article 13 of
the Returns Directive provides, in more detail, the right of a third-country national to have an
effective remedy against all types of decisions adopted during the return procedure. The CJEU
has held that appeals against refusal of entry include a right to challenge the way in which
border checks are conducted.319 According to Article 13 (3) of the Returns Directive “the thirdcountry national concerned shall have the possibility to obtain legal advice, representation and,
where necessary, linguistic assistance”.320 Further, “Member States shall ensure that the
necessary legal assistance and/or representation is granted on request free of charge in
accordance with relevant national legislation or rules regarding legal aid (...)”. 321 The Asylum
Procedures Directive provides further that Member States shall ensure that free legal assistance
and representation is granted on request in the appeals procedures.322
As regards the right to access information, the CJEU has specified that the obligation to give
reasons requires the national authorities to “state reasons for a decision which are sufficiently
specific and concrete to allow the person to understand why the application is being
rejected”.323 However, according to the Returns Directive, restrictions of the right to
information are permitted “in order to safeguard national security, defence, public security and
for the prevention, investigation, detection and prosecution of criminal offences”.324
Nevertheless, according to the CJEU, these restrictions must be applied proportionally and
approached individually.325 The Asylum Procedures Directive emphasizes similarly the right
to information, providing that “in order to facilitate access to the examination procedure at
border crossing points and in detention facilities, information should be made available on the

317

Reneman, Marcelle, EU Asylum Procedures and the Right to an Effective Remedy, Oxford:Hart, 2014.;
Carrera & Stefan, 2020, pp. 259-288, 264.
318
Article 47 (3) of the EU Charter.
319
Mohamad Zakaria, case C-23/12, 17.1.2013, ECLI:EU:C:2013:24.
320
Article 13(3) of the Returns Directive.
321
Article 13(4) of the Returns Directive. See also, the conditions as set out in Article 15(3) to (6) of Directive
2005/85/EC.
322
see, Recital 23 and Article 22 of the Asylum Procedures Directive.
323
M.M. v. Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform, Ireland, Attorney General, case C–277/11,
22.11.2012, ECLI:EU:C:2012:744, § 88.
324
Article 12 of the Returns Directive.
325
See, Z. Zh. and I. O v. Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en Justitie, case C-554/13, 11.6.2015,
ECLI:EU:C:2015:377, § 50; Ilareva, 2020, pp. 351- 368, p. 362.

56

possibility to apply for international protection”.326 The right to access documents is a
fundamental principle of EU law, which has been confirmed in the case law of CJEU.327 This
plays additionally a crucial role when discussing the right to access information.
With regard to the right to translation and interpretation, EU law also provides for some
important provisions requiring an interpreter to be present during the hearing of a third-country
national in the context of return proceedings or asylum procedures. Article 12 (2) of the Return
Directive requires as a minimum standard from Member Stats to provide, upon request, a
written or oral translation of the main elements of decisions related to return, including
information on the available legal remedies, in a language the third-country national
understands or may reasonably be presumed to understand. Member States may decide to give
return decisions in a standard form, in case the third country national has entered illegally the
territory and has not obtained an authorization to stay in that Member State. However, states
are obliged to publish information sheets at least in the five most common languages for
migrant groups specific to a Member State.328 Further, Article 13 of the Return Directive,
providing for the remedies, ascertains that an individual has the right to linguistic assistance.
This implies, importantly, the obligation to make available assistance by an interpreter in order
for the individual to exercise the procedural rights under Article 13. 329 Finally, the Asylum
Procedure Directive offers similar protection concerning translation and interpretation
providing that “basic communication necessary to enable the competent authorities to
understand if persons declare their wish to apply for international protection should be ensured
through interpretation arrangements”.330
4.3.2. The right to be heard
The right to be heard, which has its origin in the audi alteram partem principle (from Latin,
‘hear the other party’), is a fundamental right within the EU legal order and forms an integral
part of procedural safeguards granted to third country nationals. This right has particularly
gained importance in the jurisprudence of the CJEU, which has further been enshrined in the
case law of the ECtHR concerning the prohibition of collective expulsion. In Khlaifia v. Italy

326

Recital 28 in the preamble to the Asylum Procedures Directive. See also, Article 8 of the Asylum Procedures
Directive.
327
G and R v Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en Justitie (G and R), case C-383/13 PPU, 10.9.2013,
ECLI:EU:C:2013:533, § 33.
328
Article 12 (3) of the Returns Directive.
329
European Commission, Return Handbook, 2017, p. 72.
330
Recital 28 of the Asylum Procedures Directive. See also, Article 8 of the Directive.

57

both the applicants as well as third party intervenors acknowledged that the right of a migrant
to be heard and to make known his or her views effectively before the adoption of an expulsion
decision had been upheld by the CJEU in, inter alia, the judgments of Boudjlida and
Mukarubega.331 When interpreting the Returns Directive, the CJEU held that an individual is
entitled, before an expulsion decision is adopted, to express his or her view on the legality of
his or her stay, and that, in spite of the lack of express provision for the right to be heard in the
Return Directive, this right applies as a fundamental principle of EU law, relating especially to
Article 41, 47 and 48 of the EU Charter.332 Additionally, the right to be heard in all proceedings
forms an integral part of the right of the defence, which is a general principle of EU law
enshrined in Article 48 of the EU Charter.333
In the judgments of Boudjlida and Mukarubega, the CJEU clarified that the right to be heard:
(a) guaranteed to every person the opportunity to make known his or her views effectively during an
administrative procedure and before the adoption of any decision liable to affect his or her interests
adversely334; and
(b) enabled the competent authority effectively to take into account all relevant information, to pay due
attention to the observations submitted by the person concerned, and thus to give a detailed statement of
reasons for its decision.335

Consequently, the right to be heard contains important procedural elements to prevent
collective expulsions in pushback-situations. The principle forms an important basis for the
individualisation requirement by assuring that each individual has the right to express his or
her view on the legality of his or her stay and has the right to put forward arguments against an
expulsion measure.336 The individual must also be able “to correct an error or submit such
information relating to his or her personal circumstances as will argue in favor of the adoption
or non-adoption of the decision, or in favor of its having a specific content”.337 National
authorities are required to take into account all the relevant information and to give a detailed
statement of reasons for its decision. The CJEU has clarified that the obligation “to take into
account all relevant information” include the requirement to properly take into account the

331

Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016, § 235.
See, in particular, Khaled Boudjlida v. Préfet des Pyrénées-Atlantiques (Boudjlida), case C-249/13,
11.12.2014, ECLI:EU:C:2014:2431, §§ 28-35; Sophie Mukarubega v. Préfet de police et Préfet de la SeineSaint-Denis (Mukarubega), case C-166/13, 5.11.2014, ECLI:EU:C:2014:2336, §§ 42-45.
333
Mukarubega, § 45; G and R, § 32.
334
Boudjlida, § 36, and Mukarubega, § 46.
335
Boudjlida, §§ 37–38.
336
Ibid., §§ 47, 55.
337
Ibid., § 37.
332

58

fundamental rights of the person concerned.338 The obligation to state reasons for a decision,
which is provided in the judgments of Boudjlida and Mukarubega, is an important corollary of
the principle of respect for the rights of defence and, in particular, the right to be heard, since
it allows a person concerned to understand why his/her application is being rejected. 339 The
CJEU has held that, among the positive obligations stemming from the right to be heard, is the
obligation for national authorities to give a detailed statement of reasons for decision. 340 This
obligation supports, in particular, the foreseeability of decision-making. The element of
foreseeability has been elaborated by, inter alia, the ECtHR in Al Nashif v. Bulgaria, where the
Court held that “a rule’s effects are “foreseeable” if it is formulated with sufficient precision to
enable any individual - if need be with appropriate advice - to regulate his conduct”.341 The
obligation to state reasons for the decision is assured in, inter alia, Article 12 of the Returns
Directive, given that return decisions must be issued in writing and give reasons in fact and in
law. The written decision is the cornerstone of the procedural safeguards provided for in the
Return Directive and an obligation which cannot be waived.342
Considering the right to be heard in asylum procedures, this right is set by Article 14 of the
Asylum Procedures Directive providing for an explicit right to a personal interview before a
decision is taken by the determining authority. The article goes even further to address that “if
a large number of third-country nationals make it impossible in practice for the determining
authority to conduct timely interviews (...), Member States may provide that the personnel of
another authority be temporarily involved in conducting such interviews”. 343 Thus, the
Directive aims to provide an answer to the difficulties faced by national authorities in situations
of large numbers of third-country nationals.
According to the CJEU, the right to be heard should be applied broadly to all proceedings
which can culminate in a measure affecting a person’s interests adversely. 344 In light of this,
338

Z. Zh. and I. O v. Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en Justitie, case C-554/13, 11.6.2015,
ECLI:EU:C:2015:377, § 69.
339
M.M. v. Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform, Ireland, Attorney General, case C–277/11,
22.11.2012, ECLI:EU:C:2012:744, § 88.
340
Sopropé - Organizações de Calçado Lda v Fazenda Pública, case C-349/07, 18.12.2008,
ECLI:EU:C:2008:746, § 50
341
Al Nashif v. Bulgaria, 2.6.2002, (50963/99), § 119.
342
European Commission, Return Handbook, 2017, p. 68.
343
Article 14 (1) of the Asylum Procedures Directive (2013/32/EU).
344
See, inter alia, Dieter Krombach v André Bamberski, case C-7/98, 28.3.2000, ECLI:EU:C:2000:164, § 42;
Sopropé - Organizações de Calçado Lda v Fazenda Pública, case C-349/07, 18.12.2008, ECLI:EU:C:2008:746,
§ 36.

59

the CJEU established in the judgment of Mukarubega that “observance of the right to be heard
is required even where the applicable legislation does not expressly provide for such a
procedural requirement”.345 This was also declared in an Opinion in judgment Ispas where
Advocate General Bobek held that “EU law does not always determine or establish specific
procedural rules. Rather, it concentrates on the substantive side of the right or obligation.
However, procedural rights are necessary to ensure the effectiveness of EU law”.346
Consequently, the applicability of the right to be heard does not require an explicit legislation.
Further, in order to effectively ensure the genuine exercise of the right to be heard, procedural
guarantees are needed.

4.4. The required level of individual examination prior to expulsion
An essential question, given the purpose of this thesis, is the following: In which situations can
a state be held responsible for expulsion measures at borders in breach of the prohibition of
collective expulsion? In order to understand which situations of border practices amount to a
“collective expulsion”, it is important to distinguish between a series of individual expulsions,
which are allowed, and a collective expulsion, which is prohibited.347 In the case law of the
ECtHR, this has arguably appeared as a difficult task.348 To determine whether or not an
expulsion measure has been of a collective nature, it is first important to distinguish the relevant
procedural safeguards which should be ensured migrants at borders and further identify the
level of individual examination which is required prior to expulsion. Considering the latter, in
this section, the author will aim to provide for some clarification over this matter while further
suggesting additional guidelines which could support the assessment of whether or not a
collective expulsion has taken place.
Notably, Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR and Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter are
procedural guarantees, assuring that migrants are not being expelled as a group without an
objective and reasonable examination of individual circumstances.349 Importantly, therefore,
345

Mukarubega, § 49.
Teodor Ispas and Anduta Ispas v. Direcția Generală a Finanțelor Publice Cluj, case C-298/16, Opinion of
AG Bobek, 7.9.2017, ECLI:EU:C:2017:650, § 51.
347
Joint partly dissenting opinion of judges Sajó and Vucinic in the Chamber judgment of Khlaifia and Others
v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 1.9.2015, § 10.
348
Gil, Ana Rita, Collective expulsions in times of migratory crisis: Comments on the Khlaifia case of the
ECHR, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and Policy, 2016.
349
In light of Article 52 (3) of the EU Charter, the jurisprudence of the ECtHR in matters concerning Article 4
of Protocol No. 4 is determinant as regards Article 19 (1).
346

60

one needs to assess the level of individual examination required. As has been established above,
the assessment is always done on a case by case basis. In its assessment, the ECtHR has
acknowledged and taken into consideration several facts which have been of relevance for the
assessment of whether or not an expulsion measure has been of a collective nature.350
The Court has held that the fact that a number of aliens are subject to similar decisions is not
itself sufficient to conclude that there is a collective expulsion, if each person has been given
the opportunity to put arguments against his or her expulsion.351 That does not mean, however,
that where the authorities claim to have made such an individual examination, the background
to the execution of the expulsion order plays no further role in determining whether there has
been a collective expulsion.352 As has been discussed above, the prohibition of collective
expulsion does not guarantee the explicit right to an individual interview in all circumstances.
What is necessary, however, is that each alien has a genuine and effective possibility of
submitting arguments against his or her expulsion.353 Further, these arguments should be
examined in an appropriate manner by the authorities of the respondent state.354 In case an
interview takes place, what matters is not the quantity, but rather the quality. Standardised
questions and a short duration of interviews are, in principle, not prohibited and will not, in any
case, be decisive in the determination of whether or not a prohibition has taken place. 355 It
would be desirable for the Court to further clarify the doubts surrounding the conditions of the
individual interview. Although interviews are not necessary in all circumstances, further
clarification is needed regarding the way in which they should be conducted, in order to assure
that the individual examination is real and not merely formal.356 As became clear through the
judgement of Asady and Others v. Slovakia, several ambiguities remain as to this matter,
including, inter alia, the duration of an individual interview and the content of the questions
asked during an interview.357 Nevertheless, having examined both cases of Khlaifia v. Italy and

350

Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, §§ 60-63; Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece, (16643/09),
21.10.2014, §§ 214-225; M.K. and Others v. Poland, (40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17), 23.7.2020, § 202.
351
see, among others, Sultani v. France, (45223/05), 20.9.2007, § 81; Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy,
(27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 184.
352
Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, § 59.
353
Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.12.2016, § 248.
354
Ibid.
355
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, Systematic push back of ‘well behaving’ asylum seekers at the Polish border: M.K.
and Others v. Poland, Strasbourg Observers, 7.10.2020.
356
Ibid.
357
Joint dissenting opinion of judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland in the judgment of Asady and
Others v. Slovakia demonstrates the fact that so far, the judges of the Court have not been able to find a common
ground on these matters.

61

Asady and Others v. Slovakia, what seems to be rather clear is that, when individuals may be
able to indicate a legal or factual ground which would preclude their removal under
international or national law, an interview will be necessary and required.358
Already as early as in the judgment Čonka v. Belgium, the Court concluded that, having taken
into account all relevant facts of the case, a breach of Article 4 Protocol No. 4 had taken place
because the procedure followed by the authorities “did not enable it to eliminate all doubt that
the expulsion might have been collective”.359 Similarly, in the Chamber judgment of N.D. and
N.T. v. Spain, having taken all circumstances into consideration, the Court considered that the
procedure followed was “incapable of casting doubt on the collective nature of the expulsions
complained of”.360 This should be the standard point in the assessment of whether or not a
breach has taken place. In other words, if the Court has even the slightest reason to doubt that
the expulsion might have been collective, the conclusion should be that the state has violated
the prohibition of collective expulsion.
In case of children involved in the summary return, the Court has clarified that “where a child
is accompanied by a relative or the like, the requirements of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 could
be met if that adult is in a position to submit, meaningfully and effectively, arguments against
the expulsion on behalf of the child”.361 In the case of Moustahi v. France, which concerned
the removal of children who were at a very young age (five and three at the time), the children
were not assisted by any accompanying adult and no reasonable and objective examination of
the children’s situation had taken place before the removal.362 This resulted in a breach of
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4.
Finally, in assessing whether or not a state has acted in breach of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 it
seems that the Court has given particular weight to whether or not, in case of expulsion, the
applicants would de facto be in a risk of being subjected to treatment incompatible with the

358

Joint dissenting opinion of judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland in the judgment of Asady and
Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020, § 13; Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.12.2016, §
253.
359
Čonka v. Belgium, (51564/99), 5.2.2002, § 61. Judges Lemmens, Keller and Schembri Orland referred to this
in their joint dissenting opinion in the judgment of Asady and Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020, § 14.
360
Chamber judgment of N.D and N.T v. Spain, (8675/15 and 8697/15), 3.10.2017, § 107. Referred to the Grand
Chamber on 29.1.2018.
361
ECtHR, “Administrative detention followed by hasty removal of two children having unlawfully entered
Mayotte from the Comoros: several violations of the Convention”, ECHR 192 (2020), Press Release, 25.6.2020
362
Moustahi v. France, (9347/14), 25.6.2020.

62

Convention and especially Article 3.363 Although the Court has not established this as being
per se a requirement for finding a breach of the prohibition of collective expulsions, existing
case law shows that the extent of applicable procedural guarantees differs depending on
whether the migrant is entitled to additional protection under Article 3.364 In N.D. and N.T. v.
Spain, for example, the Grand Chamber makes an explicit comparison between cases Hirsi v.
Italy and Sharifi v. Italy and Greece, on the one hand, and Khlaifia v. Italy, on the other hand,
on the basis that in the latter, the applicants did not allege a violation of Article 3 on account
of their expulsion.
With reference to the applicable EU law providing for effective procedural guarantees to
prevent collective expulsions at borders, as has been established above, EU Charter contains
important provisions in addition to Article 19 (1), which are of significance. These are, in
particular, Articles 41, 47 and 48 of the EU Charter. Importantly, the right to be heard, which
forms a general principle of EU law, is contained in all of the aforementioned articles.365
Following the status of a general principle of EU law, the principle becomes binding not only
on EU agencies, but also on Member States when acting within the scope of EU law. The
judgment of CJEU in Mukarubega highlighted the binding character of the right to be heard,
where it was held that the question of illegally staying third-country nationals fell within the
scope of national law,
provided that the rules adopted to that effect are the same as those to which individuals in comparable
situations under national law are subject (the principle of equivalence) and that they do not make it
impossible in practice or excessively difficult to exercise the rights conferred by the European Union
legal order (the principle of effectiveness)366

In light of the principles of equivalence and effectiveness and following the judgements
provided by the CJEU, general principles established in EU law, such as the right to be heard,
should always be respected in relation to return related decisions.367 Notably, activities of
pushbacks prevent the effective realization of the right to be heard and cannot be permitted
under any circumstances. Further, in examining the application of the right to be heard to cases
of collective expulsions, Lena Riemer has importantly concluded that “EU member states,
when expelling groups of foreigners from their state must guarantee every individual’s right to
363

See, among others, Asady and Others v. Slovakia, (24917/15), 24.3.2020, § 67, Khlaifia and Others v. Italy
[GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016.
364
Carlier & Leboeuf, 2020, pp. 455-473, p. 465.
365
See, in this regard, Mukarubega, § 43.
366
Ibid., § 51.
367
Mukarubega, Boudjlida, G and R.

63

‘a fair and transparent procedure’ in accordance with the general principles of EU law”.368
As the CJEU has established, EU Member States are, as a rule, obliged to observe the right to
be heard in cases where decisions might significantly affect individuals’ interest.369
Importantly, however, the CJEU has acknowledged that the non-respect of the right to be heard
renders a decision invalid only if the outcome of the procedure might have been different if the
right was respected.370 Thus, the right to be heard is not absolute and the limitation established
by the CJEU arguably resembles the restrictive approach taken by the Grand Chamber. In light
of this, the CJEU has established a requirement for national courts, where it considers that a
procedural irregularity affecting the right to be heard has occurred, “to assess whether in the
light of the factual and legal circumstances of the case, the outcome of the administrative
procedure at issue could have been different if the third-country nationals in question had been
able to put forward information which might show that their detention should be brought to an
end“.371

368

Riemer, 2020, p. 138.
G and R, § 35.
370
Ibid., § 38. See also, European Commission, Return Handbook, 2017, p. 65.
371
Ibid., § 40.
369

64

5. Future prospects
As has been reiterated on many occasions, the ECtHR has been playing a decisive role in
outlining the scope and content of the main features of the prohibition of collective
expulsion.372 The Court’s assessment of the prohibition of collective expulsion has largely
influenced the work by, inter alia, the ILC and this has been enshrined in the final result of the
Draft Articles on the Expulsion of Aliens.373 While the prohibition of collective expulsion is
provided in several other regional human rights treaties, many ambiguities have remained as
to the definition and scope of the prohibition. In this regard, the interpretation given by the
ECtHR has been particularly meaningful and welcomed. The Court will certainly continue to
have a fundamental role in setting a precedent for future cases concerning pushbacks and
collective returns at borders.
What will be of crucial importance, however, is the position which the EU will be willing to
take to combat the issues relating to border policies conducted by its Member States. Recently,
the European Commission has revealed its proposal for a new Pact on Asylum and Migration,
which is intended to replace the Dublin regulation, with the aim of addressing the imbalances
in EU Member States burdens related to migrants’ arrivals. This new pact will be an
opportunity for the EU to improve its asylum system and thus enhance the treatment of
migrants at borders of frontline EU states.374
Undoubtedly, border practices adopted by the EU Member States have had direct consequences
on migrants’ human rights and this has been enshrined in the case law of the ECtHR concerning
collective expulsions.375 An important issue in relation to border surveillance and violations of
human rights at borders is that, from the perspective of the third-country national who is the
potential victim of pushbacks, the increased fragmentation of border management makes it

372

Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119–146, 131.
373
see, United Nations, Draft Articles on the Expulsion of Aliens with commentaries, 2014, commentary to
Draft Article 9.
374
European Commission, A fresh start on migration: Building confidence and striking a new balance between
responsibility and solidarity, Press Release, 23.9.2020, available at:
https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_20_1706 [accessed 3.12.2020].
375
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119–146, 120.

65

more difficult for the individual to understand who is responsible for these actions.376 This is
largely linked to the increased externalization of border management and cooperation between
the EU and authorities from third countries in matters relating to border surveillance and
expulsion orders.377 While the cooperation with third countries is ultimately necessary for the
EU in order to manage migratory flows, this has a direct effect on the individual seeking refuge
in another country as it increases the fragmentation of border management, making it easier for
these authorities to escape their responsibilities and procedural requirements under, inter alia,
Article 4 Protocol No. 4. Another concern is that the more attention is directed on the border
surveillance of Member States to assess how these comply with human rights standards, the
more increases the risk that EU Member States aim to avoid international responsibility by
distancing themselves from this politically divisive issue.378 This leads to an increase of EU’s
externalization policies aiming at reducing the number of migrants entering Europe, which is
exactly what is happening with the so-called “pullbacks”, where states aim at retaining migrants
on one side through bilateral agreements. Notably, the cooperation with third states in the
migration management has had significant consequences on the rights of migrants. An
important reason behind this is that not all states have the same human rights standards or
institutions upholding them. At the same time, migrants are facing difficulties in holding the
EU or the Council of Europe Member States responsible for possible human rights violations,
leaving them in a so-called “legal limbo”.379
Thus, what is all the more important is to introduce a fair balance between state sovereignty,
on the one hand, and international human rights standards that states are bound to respect, on
the other hand. While having the right to control the entry, residence and expulsion of aliens,
states should assure that their border management does not lead to arbitrary expulsions
violating the principle of non-refoulement and/or the prohibition of collective expulsion.380
Ultimately, an individual assessment will be necessary in order to avoid arbitrariness.381 As has
been indicated by Goodwin-Gill, “expelling States are formally obliged to balance their own
interests against those of the individuals liable to be affected, taking account of their acquired

376

Carrera & Stefan (eds.), 2020, pp. 259–288, 268.
Ibid.
378
Strik, 2018, p. 1.
379
Ibid., p. 3.
380
See, among others, OHCHR, Recommended principles and Guidelines on Human Rights at international
borders, available at:
https://www.ohchr.org/Documents/Issues/Migration/OHCHR_Recommended_Principles_Guidelines.pdf
[accessed 28.1.2021].
381
Boeles et al., 2014, p. 428.
377

66

rights and legitimate expectations and aiming to achieve a reasonable relationship of
proportionality between the end and the means”.382 An adequate balance is also necessary in
the Court’s assessment as regards the prohibition of collective expulsion. As Ana Rita Gil has
provided, while a more strict concept of the collective expulsion will most likely allow states
to adopt policies defending their sovereignty to an even higher extent, which might lead to an
increase of collective expulsions, adopting a very broad approach on the prohibition might
result in the ineffectiveness of bordering states in enforcing immigration policies.383 Notably,
the Court has in several judgments decided to emphasize “the challenges facing European
States in terms of immigration control as a result of the economic crisis and recent social and
political changes which have had a particular impact on certain regions of Africa and the
Middle East”.384 However, as formulated by the Court, the problems with managing migratory
flows cannot justify State’s practices which are not compatible with its obligations under the
Convention or the Protocols thereto.385 The Court thereby acknowledges both the challenges
faced by European states in terms of immigration control and migrants’ human rights which
have to be respected even in times of crisis and instability.386
The EU’s new pact on Migration and Asylum will have a fundamental role in resolving the
challenges faced by the Dublin Regulation, most importantly, with introducing a fair
responsibility-sharing. This is also of utmost importance in order for Member States to fully
respect the rights enshrined in the ECHR. To date, although the EU sets its rules in the field of
asylum and migration, its Member States still remain accountable under international human
rights treaties to which they are State Parties.387 In light of this, the forthcoming accession of
the EU to the ECHR, which is currently under negotiation, will most certainly have a
strengthening impact on the protection of migrants against pushbacks and collective
expulsions.388 According to a joint statement on behalf of the Council of Europe and the
European Commission concerning the resumption of negotiations on the EU’s accession to the
382

Goodwin-Gill, 1984, at 7.
Gil, Ana Rita, Collective expulsions in times of migratory crisis: Comments on the Khlaifia case of the
ECHR, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and Policy, 2016.
384
M.S.S. v. Belgium and Greece [GC], (30696/09), 21.1.2011, § 223; Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy [GC],
(27765/09), 23.2.2012, §§ 122 and 176; and Khlaifia and Others v. Italy [GC], (16483/12), 15.1.2016, § 241
385
See, among others, Hirsi Jamaa and others v. Italy, [GC], (27765/09), 23.2.2012, § 179; Georgia v. Russia
(I) [GC], (13255/07), 3.7.2014, § 177.
386
Lingaas, 2019, pp. 1-24, 13.
387
Lenart, 2012, pp. 4-19, 6.
388
The CJEU has frequently underlined that, as long as the EU has not acceded to the ECHR, the ECHR is not
legally binding on the EU as a distinct legal entity. See, e.g., Case C-617/10, Åklagaren v. Hans Åkerberg
Fransson, 26 February 2013, EU:C:2013:105, para. 44; Case C-398/13 P, Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami and Others v.
Commission, 3 September 2015, EU:C:2015:535, para. 45.
383

67

ECHR on the 29th of September 2020, the accession, which is a legal requirement under the
TEU, “will help to guarantee the coherence and consistency between EU law and the
Convention system”.389 Through the accession, citizens will be able to challenge the actions
taken by the EU’s institutions before the ECtHR and the EU will also be able to join its Member
States in the Court’s proceedings concerning alleged violations resulting from EU law. The
accession of the EU to the ECHR has been subject to discussion for decades already and has
been prolonged as a consequence of several legal issues. Thus, it remains to be seen when this
accession will occur.390
Finally, what remains to be seen is the approach which the ECtHR will take in upcoming cases
concerning the prohibition of collective expulsion. Recently, multiple international
organizations and NGOs have highlighted the worrying trend of pushbacks and collective
expulsions conducted by Eastern European countries.391 While some EU frontline countries,
such as Italy and Spain, have already been involved in cases concerning collective expulsions,
currently, several cases are pending at the Court, lodged against Hungary, Croatia, Latvia and
North Macedonia, among others, with regard to their border control practices and alleged
collective expulsions.392 The case law concerning Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is thus destined
to increase and the forthcoming judgments will give the Court an opportunity to further reflect
and clarify the scope and content of the prohibition of collective expulsions and the various
issues which have been identified in this thesis.

389

Council of Europe, Joint statement on behalf of the Council of Europe and the European Commission,
Newsroom, 29.9.2020, available at: https://www.coe.int/en/web/portal/-/the-eu-s-accession-to-the-europeanconvention-on-human-rights [accessed 28.1.2021].
390
See in this regard, CJEU, Opinion 2/13 of the Court (Full Court), 18 December 2014, where the CJEU held
that the draft accession agreement was incompatible with Article 6 (2) of the TEU.
391
See, among others, Statement issued by the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights, “Croatian
authorities must stop pushbacks and border violence, and end impunity”, 21.10.2020, available at:
https://www.coe.int/en/web/commissioner/-/croatian-authorities-must-stop-pushbacks-and-border-violence-andend-impunity [accessed 28.1.2021].
392
see, M.H. and Others v. Croatia, (15670/1) communicated to the Croatian Government on 11 May 2018;
H.K. v. Hungary, (18531/17) and Khurram v. Hungary, (12625/17) both communicated to the Hungarian
Government on 13 November 2017; A.A. and Others v. North Macedonia and four other applications
(55798/16, 55808/16, 55817/16, 55820/16 and 55823/16) communicated to the Government on 23 January
2017; M.A. and Others v. Latvia (25564/18) communicated to the Latvian Government on 10 May 2019.

68

6. Conclusion
The present thesis has examined the European framework for protection against collective
expulsions in pushback-situations at borders. Attention has particularly been drawn to the scope
and content of the prohibition of collective expulsion, procedural guarantees inherent to the
prohibition as well as the level of individual examination required prior to expulsion. While
there has been an increased attention as regards collective expulsions in the jurisprudence of
the ECtHR, little research has been conducted in this field. As has been established above,
several inconsistencies have appeared in the argumentation by the judges of the Court. In the
present thesis, the author has therefore aimed at providing an answer to some of the most
pressing legal issues that have emerged in the case law of the Court concerning the prohibition
of collective expulsion. Notably, the purpose is to provide valuable guidance in assessing when
an expulsion has been of a collective nature.
In the second chapter of this thesis, the issue of pushbacks at European borders was outlined
as well as the relevant legal framework for the protection against arbitrary expulsion. Here, it
was stressed that, while the practice of pushbacks has become all the more widespread, in some
countries, it has even been witnessed as having a structural and systematic character. In many
ways, pushbacks and collective expulsions of migrants have been the unacceptable result of an
unfair responsibility-sharing between EU Member States. In addition, a particular concern has
been the widespread silence on the EU level on the issues of pushbacks and collective
expulsions of migrants. This has been demonstrated by the fact that the CJEU has to date never
been asked to interpret Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter, providing for the prohibition of
collective expulsion.
In the third chapter, the author sought to clarify the scope and content of the prohibition of
collective expulsion. This was done first by focusing on the assessment made by the ECtHR,
and secondly by examining more closely the prohibition as provided in the EU Charter.
According to the ECtHR, a collective expulsion indicates “any measure compelling aliens, as
a group, to leave a country, except where such a measure is taken on the basis of a reasonable
and objective examination of the particular case of each individual alien of the group”.393 Two
essential elements are thus of particular significance; first, that the individual in question is

393

European Court of Human Rights: Collective expulsion of aliens, factsheet, November 2013, available at:
https://www.refworld.org/pdfid/539eb0b84.pdf [accessed 31.1.2021].

69

expelled together with other persons, as a group, and secondly, that his/her situation was not
examined individually by the national authorities.394 Inevitably, to be characterized as
“collective”, it requires the involvement of a certain number of persons. However, there are no
requirements such as a minimum number of persons affected or membership of a particular
group. In other words, a decisive criterion for the application of Article 4 should not be the
number of which the group consists of nor the link knitting together the members of that group,
but rather the procedure followed the expulsion.395 As has been noted, the provision applies
broadly to every third country national. However, as regards the collective expulsion of
nationals, these are protected under Article 3 (1) of Protocol No. 4. In examining the territorial
applicability, it was established that the prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens is not
limited to the territory of the State and can apply extraterritorially. Importantly, therefore, as
has been established in judgments of Hirsi v. Italy and N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, Article 4 of
Protocol No. 4 applies to pushback operations, both on the high seas and at land borders.
Second, the author saw the need to clarify the relationship between the prohibition of collective
expulsion and the principle of non-refoulement. Notably, the provisions are highly intertwined
in that both provide for a procedural requirement of an individual assessment of each case. It
was nevertheless stressed that these two provisions should be seen as autonomous, so that a
violation of Article 4 Protocol 4 does not require demonstration of the risk of ill-treatment in
case of expulsion. With this in mind, it was crucially held that the prohibition of collective
expulsion should concern only the procedure and not the substantive grounds for expulsion, as
is the case with the principle of non-refoulement. Nevertheless, in many ways, the prohibition
of collective expulsion presents a prerequisite for the realisation of the principle of nonrefoulement, since it is only through examining the individual situation that the authorities can
assure the absence of the risk of refoulement.
With an aim to clarify the scope and content of the prohibition of collective expulsion as
enshrined in Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter, it was established that paragraph 1 of the Article
has the same meaning and scope as Article 4 of Protocol No 4 to the ECHR. Thus, its purpose
is similarly to guarantee that every decision is based on a specific examination and that no
394

Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its Impact on
Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case-law of the European Court of
Human Rights, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno, Palombino, Di Stefano
(eds.), 2019, pp. 119–146, 138.
395
van Dijk, van Hoof, 1998, p. 676.

70

single measure can be taken to expel all persons having the nationality of a particular State.
Importantly, however, the main difference is that the prohibition, as enshrined in Article 19 (1)
of the EU Charter, applies to everyone. Hence, the EU Charter does not limit the scope of the
prohibition to third country nationals.
In an attempt to clarify the substance of the prohibition, in the fourth chapter, attention was
drawn to the procedural guarantees inherent in the prohibition. Although not explicitly
mentioned in neither Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 to the ECHR nor Article 19 (1) of the EU
Charter, the ECtHR has established several procedural guarantees in its case-law, which have
been examined in the present thesis. As has been established, the most crucial part of the
prohibition of collective expulsion entails the right to an individual and objective examination.
While the Court does not explicitly provide for a clarification of what constitutes an individual
and objective examination, important elements have nevertheless been identified, which are of
particular relevance in order to realise this right. Of importance is, first of all, whether the
person concerned has been identified, and secondly, whether the examination has been real and
not merely formal. In light of this, the Court has particularly stressed the need for a holistic
approach, where all the relevant facts are taken into account as well as the general context at
the material time. Most crucially, what is important, is that every case is looked at individually
and decided on its own particular facts. Arguably, the aforementioned elements remain
relatively vague and are open for interpretation. Thus, the judges of the Court have on several
occasions been unable to agree on whether or not an objective and individual examination has
taken place.
Further, the right to legal assistance and the access to information can be regarded as important
procedural safeguards in the prohibition of collective expulsion. The ECtHR has previously
ruled a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 in cases where there has been clear evidence
that the applicants were not afforded legal assistance and/or access to information about their
asylum procedure. These procedural guarantees are pivotal in order for migrants to be aware
of their asylum procedure, their rights, which steps to take and in order to obtain remedy for
human rights violations. Access to a translator or interpreter is moreover an important
prerequisite for the effective realisation of the right to legal assistance and the access to
information. While the aforementioned procedural guarantees are unlikely to suffice alone in
order for the Court to find a violation of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4, the Court has nevertheless
decided to highlight these as important elements in the prohibition of collective expulsion.
71

As the Grand Chamber has clarified in its latest judgments concerning collective expulsions
and the right to an individual examination, the Court seems to be unwilling to impose very
strict procedural requirements for states, such as the obligation to provide for an individual
interview in every case. Since the entry, stay and expulsion of aliens is so central to state’s
sovereignty, it may be that the Court has consciously decided to provide for a more substantial
discretionary power for states to enforce their immigration legislation.396 The Grand Chamber
has moreover held that the applicant’s own conduct is a relevant factor in assessing the
protection to be afforded under Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. According to the Court, no violation
of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 will be found if the lack of an individual examination is the
consequence of an applicant’s own culpable conduct. In N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, the applicant's
own culpable conduct led to the Court finding no violation of the prohibition of collective
expulsion on behalf of Spain, while in M.K. and Others v. Poland, it appeared that the
applicants had acted orderly and in a legal manner, wherefore the exception of the “culpable
conduct” did not apply. Ultimately, migrants behaviour may therefore be the decisive factor in
the assessment of whether or not a breach of the prohibition of collective expulsion has taken
place. In light of this, it was stressed that the exception sets a dangerous precedent for future
cases. An overly broad interpretation of the “own culpable conduct” could ultimately lead to
the Court finding all cases of arbitrary expulsions of irregular migrants as attributable to their
own conduct. Thus, the exception of the “own culpable conduct” has the potential of making
Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. virtually inapplicable to cases of pushbacks at borders, which is
why the author finds it necessary for the Court to carefully assess the potential damage that the
newly introduced exception could have.
Finally, the author sought to examine procedural guarantees in EU law, which are of relevance
in cases of collective expulsions. Importantly, following the principle of equivalent protection
established by Article 52 (3) of the EU Charter, the content of Article 19 (1) of the EU Charter
corresponds to that of Article 4 of Protocol No. 4. Moreover, the EU Charter provides for
important procedural guarantees relevant in cases of collective expulsions. These are, in
particular, the right to good administration (Article 41), the right to effective remedy and to a
fair trial (Article 47) and presumption of innocence and right of defence (Article 48).

396

See, Boeles et al., 2014, p. 437.

72

The right to be heard, which forms a general principle of EU law, is contained in all of the
aforementioned articles. In the author’s view, the principle forms a crucial basis for the
individualisation requirement by assuring, first of all, that each individual has the right to
express his or her view on the legality of his or her stay and has the right to put forward
arguments against an expulsion measure, and secondly, by imposing on the national authorities
a positive obligation to take into account all the relevant information and to give a detailed
statement of reasons for its decision. Notably, the right to be heard establishes an important
constraint to the discretionary power of Member States to expel migrants. Similarly to the
prohibition of collective expulsion, the procedural guarantees are an essential condition for the
genuine exercise of the right to be heard and in this regard, the standards established by the
ECtHR and CJEU complement each other. Moreover, this right, unlike Article 19 (1) of the
EU Charter, has particularly gained importance in the jurisprudence of the CJEU. Thus, the
right to be heard could be instrumental in offering the desired consistency between the EU and
the ECHR in protecting migrants at borders of Europe against pushbacks and collective
expulsions.
As regards EU secondary legislation, the procedural guarantees in Chapter III of the Returns
Directive resemble to a great extent those provided by the ECtHR concerning the prohibition
of collective expulsion and thus, the directive is not without significance. Importantly, it has
been noted that, under the Returns Directive, removal can take place only after a return decision
has been issued, which essentially requires an examination of whether or not the person
concerned has a right to stay. While the Returns Directive provides for some valuable
procedural guarantees supporting the individualisation requirement, the fact that Member
States may choose not to apply this directive to those “who are apprehended or intercepted by
the competent authorities in connection with the irregular crossing by land, sea or air”
significantly limits the scope of the directive and paves the way for states to remove third
country nationals without the necessary individual and objective assessment. Thus, it is
questionable whether the Returns Directive provides any real added value to situations of
pushbacks at borders. Importantly however, the Returns Directive still obliges every EU
Member State to refrain from returning migrants in case of a risk of non-refoulement and this
essentially requires an individual assessment to a certain degree.
Based on the findings, it can be noted that effective procedural guarantees are in place in
Europe to prevent migrants from being collectively expelled at borders. However, as has been
73

demonstrated, these procedural guarantees are not necessarily applied in practice in pushbacksituations. As the case-law on Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 has only recently been increasing,
clarification of the specific content of the prohibition is needed. Arguably, the engagement of
third party interveners in cases concerning collective expulsions has demonstrated the
complexity of the issue. As pushbacks and collective expulsions continue to be a serious issue
at the bordering countries of Europe, the case law on Article 4 of Protocol No. 4 is destined to
increase and the forthcoming judgments will give the Court an opportunity to further reflect
and clarify the legal issues identified in this thesis. Eventually, the EU will also have to better
address the issue of pushbacks conducted at borders of EU Member States. As individuals are
sometimes compelled to enter the EU in an irregular manner (as was the case with the
applicants in N.D. and N.T. v. Spain) the irregularity is not itself sufficient in order to justify
an arbitrary expulsion. Here, the CJEU could provide more room for engaging with elements
established by the ECtHR in cases concerning collective expulsions.

74

Bibliography
MONOGRAPHS AND ARTICLES
Alland and Teitgen-Colly, Traité du droit d'asile, Paris, 2002.
Barbero, Iker & Illamola-Dausà, Mariona, Deportation without the right to complaint in
Fundamental Rights Challenges in Border Controls and Expulsion of Irregular Immigrants in
the European Union, Carrera, Sergio & Stefan, Marco (eds.), Routledge Studies in Human
Rights, 2020
Besselink, Leonard, The ECJ as the European “Supreme Court”: Setting Aside Citizens’ Rights
for EU Law Supremacy, Verfassungsblog, 2014.
Boeles, Pieter; den Heijer, Maarten; Lodder, Gerrie; Wouters, Kees, European Migration Law,
Insentia, 2009.
Boeles, Pieter; den Heijer, Maarten; Lodder, Gerrie; Wouters, Kees, European Migration Law,
Insentia, 2nd Edition, 2014.
Carlier, Jean-Yves & Leboeuf, Luc, The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion as an
Individualisation Requirement, in Law and judicial dialogue on the return of irregular migrants
from the European Union, Moraru, Madeline; Cornelisse, Galina; De Bruycker, Philippe (eds.),
Oxford:Hart, pp. 455-473, 2020.
Carlier, Jan-Yves & Leboef, Luc, Collective expulsion or not? Individualisation of decision
making in migration and asylum law, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and Policy, 2018.
Carrera, Sergio & Stefan, Marco, Human rights complaints at international borders or during
expulsions procedures, in Fundamental Rights Challenges in Border Controls and Expulsion
of Irregular Immigrants in the European Union, Carrera, Sergio & Stefan, Marco (eds.),
Routledge Studies in Human Rights, pp. 259-288, 2020.
Ciliberto, Giulia, Libya’s Pull-Backs of Boat Migrants: Can Italy Be Held Accountable for
Violations of International Law?, The Italian Law Journal, Vol. 4, No. 2, 2018.
Council of Europe, Spain: Legislation and practice on immigration and asylum must adhere to
human rights standards, Press Release, issued at the end of the Commissioner’s visit to Spain
(Melilla and Madrid) from 13-16 January 2015, 16.1.2015.
Den Heijer, Maarten, Reflections on Refoulement and Collective Expulsion in the Hirsi Case,
International Journal of Refugee Law Vol. 25 No. 2, 2013.
Di Filippo, Marcello, Walking the (barbed) wire of the prohibition of collective expulsion: An
assessment of the Strasbourg case law, Diritti umani e diritto internazionale, 15, issue no. 2,
forthcoming, 2020.

I

Drakopoulou, Aikaterini; Konstantinou, Alexandros; Koros, Dimitris, Border management at
the external Schengen Borders: Border controls, return operations, and obstacles to effective
remedies in Greece in Fundamental Rights Challenges in Border Controls and Expulsion of
Irregular Immigrants in the European Union, Carrera, Sergio & Stefan, Marco (eds.), Routledge
Studies in Human Rights, pp. 175-196, 2020.
Durán Alba, Juan Fernando, Prohibition on the collective expulsion of aliens (Article 4 of
Protocol 4), in Europe of Rights: A Compendium on the European Convention of Human
Rights, pp. 629-633, 2012.
Gatta, Francesco Luigi ‘Tell me your story, but hurry up because I have to expel you’ – Asady
and Others v. Slovakia: how to (quickly) conduct individual interviews and (not) apply the ND
& NT “own culpable conduct” test to collective expulsions, Strasbourg Observers, 2020.
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, Systematic push back of ‘well behaving’ asylum seekers at the Polish
border: M.K. and Others v. Poland, Strasbourg Observers, 2020.
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, Migration and the Rule of (Human Rights) Law: Two ‘Crises’ Looking
in the Same Mirror’, 15 CYELP 99, 2019.
Gatta, Francesco Luigi, The Problematic Management of Migratory Flows in Europe and its
Impact on Human Rights: The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion of Aliens in the Case Law
of the European Court of Human Rights in, Migration Issues before International Courts and
Tribunals, Bruno, Giovanni Carlo; Palombino, Fulvio Maria; Di Stefano, Adriana (eds.)
Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, pp. 119-146, 2019.
Gil, Ana Rita, Collective expulsions in times of migratory crisis: Comments on the Khlaifia
case of the ECHR, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and Policy, 2016.
Guild, Elspeth, Article 19 - Protection in the Event of Removal, Expulsion or Extradition, in
The EU Charter of Fundamental Rights: A Commentary, Peers, Steve; Hervey, Tamara;
Kenner, Jeff; Ward, Angela (eds.), London: Hart Publishing, Bloomsbury Collections, pp. 543–
562, 2014.
Goodwin-Gill, Guy S. & Mc Adam, Jane: The refugee in international law, New York: Oxford
University Press, 3 ed., 2007.
Goodwin-Gill, Guy S., Mass Expulsion: Legal Aspects, mimeographed paper written for the
Independent Commission on International Humanitarian Issues, 1984.
Hakiki, Hanaa, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain: Defining Strasbourg’s position on push backs at land?,
Strasbourg Observers, 2020.
Hemme, Battjes, In search for a fair balance. The absolute character of the prohibition of
refoulement under Article 3 ECHR, Leiden Journal of International law, 22(3), 2009.
Henckaerts, Jean-Marie, Mass expulsion in modern international law and practice, Martinus
Nijhoff Publishers, 1995.

II

Ilareva, Valeria, The Right to be Heard: The Underestimated Condition for Effective Returns
and Human Rights Considerations, in Law and judicial dialogue on the return of irregular
migrants from the European Union, Moraru, Madeline; Cornelisse, Galina; De Bruycker,
Philippe (eds.), Oxford:Hart, 2017, pp. 351- 368.
Lauterpacht, Sir Elihu & Bethlehem, Daniel, The Scope and Content of the Principle of NonRefoulement: Opinion, Cambridge University Press, 2003.
Lenart, Joanna, ‘Fortress Europe’: Compliance of the Dublin II Regulation with the European
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, Merkourios,
Volume 28/Issue 75, pp. 4-19, 2012.
Lingaas, Carola, Judicial Responses to the Migration Crisis: The Role of Courts in the Creation
of a European Identity, in Migration Issues before International Courts and Tribunals, Bruno,
Giovanni Carlo; Palombino, Fulvio Maria; Di Stefano, Adriana (eds.), Consiglio Nazionale
delle Ricerche, pp. 1-24, 2019.
Lysenia, Maja, Access to effective remedies for foreigners affected by decisions, actions and
inactions of the Polish Border Guard in Fundamental Rights Challenges in Border Controls
and Expulsion of Irregular Immigrants in the European Union, Carrera, Sergio & Stefan, Marco
(eds.), Routledge Studies in Human Rights, 2020.
Mauro, Maria Rosaria, Detention and Expulsion of Migrants: The Khlaifia v. Italy Case, 25
Italian Y.B. Int'l L. 85, 2015.
McBride, Jeremy, Access to justice - for migrants and asylum seekers in Europe, Council of
Europe Publishing, 2009.
Milanovic, Marko, Extraterritorial application of human rights treaties : Law, principles, and
policy, Oxford Monographs in International Law, 2011.
Mole, Nuala, Asylum and the European Convention on Human Rights, Fourth Edition, Council
of Europe Publishing, 2007.
Mole, Nuala, Asylum and the European Convention on Human Rights, Third Edition, Council
of Europe Publishing, 2000.
Moraru, Madalina & Renaudiere, Géraldine, European Synthesis Report on the Judicial
Implementation of Chapter III of the Return Directive - Procedural Guarantees, REDIAL
Research Report 2016/03, 2016.
Peers, Steve, EU Immigration and Asylum Law : Text and Commentary. Vol. 2nd rev. ed, Brill
| Nijhoff, 2012.
Pijnenburg, Annick, From Italian Pushbacks to Libyan Pullbacks: Is Hirsi 2.0 in the Making in
Strasbourg?, European Journal of Migration and Law 20, pp. 396-426, 2018.
Pirjola, Jari, Shadows in Paradise – Exploring Non-Refoulement as an Open Concept,
International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol. 19, Issue 4, 2007, pp. 639-660, 2007.

III

Raimondo, Giulia, N.D. and N.T. v Spain: A Slippery Slope for the Protection of Irregular
Migrant, Oxford Faculty of Law, 2020.
Ramji-Nogale, Jaya, Rights in exile - Prohibiting collective expulsion of aliens at European
Court of Human Rights in The international refugee rights initiatives refugee legal aid
newsletter, 2016.
Reneman, Marcelle, EU Asylum Procedures and the Right to an Effective Remedy,
Oxford:Hart, 2014.
Riemer, Lena, The Prohibition of Collective Expulsion in Public International Law, Doctoral
Dissertation, Freien Universität Berlin, 2020.
Rietiker, Daniel, Collective Expulsion of Aliens: The European Court of Human Rights
(Strasbourg) as the Island of Hope in Stormy Times, 39 Suffolk Transnational Law Rev. 651,
2016.
Rosas, Allan, When Is The EU Charter of Fundamental Rights Applicable at National Level?,
Jurisprudence, 19 (4), pp. 1269–1288, 2012.
Schmalz, Dana & Pichl, Mazimilian, “Unlawful” may not mean rightless. The shocking ECtHR
Grand Chamber judgment in case N.D: and N.T, Verfassungsblog, 14.2.2020.
Spijkerboer, Thomas, Subsidiarity and ‘Arguability’: The European Court of Human Rights’
Case Law on Judicial Review in Asylum Cases, International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol.
21, Issue 1, pp. 48-74, 2009.
Strik, Tineke, Mechanisms to prevent pushbacks, in Fundamental Rights Challenges in Border
Controls and Expulsion of Irregular Immigrants in the European Union, Carrera, Sergio &
Stefan, Marco (eds.), Routledge Studies in Human Rights, pp. 234-258, 2020.
Strik, Tineke, Pushback politices and practise in the Council of Europe Member States,
Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Doc. 14645, Reference 4414, 2019.
Strik, Tineke, Human rights impact of the “external dimension” of European Union asylum
and migration policy: out of sight, out of rights?, Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of
Europe, Report, Doc. 14575, 2018.
Trevisanut, Seline, The Principle of Non-Refoulement And the De-Territorialization of Border
Control at Sea, Leiden Journal of International Law, 2014.
Van Dijk, Pieter & Van Hoof, G.J.H, Theory and practice of the European Convention of
Human Rights, Martinus Nijhoff Publishers, 1998.
Zirulia, Stefano & Peers, Steve, A template for protecting human rights during the ‘refugee
crisis’? Immigration detention and the expulsion of migrants in a recent ECtHR Grand
Chamber ruling, EU Law Analysis, 2017.
TREATIES AND STATUTES

IV

2012

Consolidated versions of the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty on the
Functioning of the European Union, Official Journal of the European Union, C
326.

2000

Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, concluded 7 December
2000, entered into force 1 December 2009, 2000/C 364/01, European Union.

1990

International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant
Workers and Members of their Families, concluded 18 December 1990,
entered into force 1 July 2003, UNTS vol. 2220

1987

Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading
Treatment or Punishment, concluded 10 December 1984, entered into force
26 June 1987, UNTS vol. 1465.

1981

African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights ("Banjul Charter"),
Organization of African Unity (OAU), adopted 27 June 1981, CAB/LEG/67/3
rev. 5, 21 I.L.M. 58, entered into force 21 October 1986.

1969

American Convention on Human Rights "Pact of San Jose, Costa Rica"
(B-32), Organization of American States (OAS), concluded 22 November 1969,
entered into force 18 July 1978.

1966

United Nations, International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, opened
for signature 16 December 1966, entered into force 23 March 1976, UNTS
vol. 171.

1951

United Nations, Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, concluded 28
July 1951, entered into force 22 April 1954, UNTS vol. 189.

1950

European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms, as amended by Protocols 11 and 14, concluded 4 November 1950,
entered into force 3 September 1953, ETS No.5

1945

United Nations, Statute of the International Court of Justice, 24 October 1945,
33 UNTS vol. 993.

REGULATIONS AND DIRECTIVES
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 13 December 2011 on
standards for the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of
international protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary
protection, and for the content of the protection granted (recast), Official Journal of the
European Union, 20.12.2011, L 337/9.
Directive 2013/32/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on
common procedures for granting and withdrawing international protection (recast). Official
Journal of the European Union, 29.6.2013, L 180/60.

V

Directive 2008/115/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 2008
on common standards and procedures in Member States for returning illegally staying thirdcountry nationals, Official Journal of the European Union, 16.12.2008, L 348/98
Regulation No 562/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 March 2006
establishing a Community Code on the rules governing the movement of persons across
borders.

INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW
European Court of Human Rights
Al Nashif v. Bulgaria, 2 June 2002, App. no. 50963/99.
Andric v. Sweden, 23 February 1999, App. no. 45917/99.
Asady and Others v. Slovakia, 24 March 2020, App. no. 24917/15.
Bader and Bader v. Sweden, 8 November 2005, App. no. 13284/04.
Berisha and Haljiti v. Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, 16 June 2005, App. no.
18670/03.
Berdzenishvili and Others v. Russia, 20 March 2017, App. nos. 14594/07, 14597/07,
14976/07, 14978/07, 15221/07, 16369/07 and 16706/07.
Čonka v. Belgium, 5 February 2002, App. no. 51564/99.
Chahal v. The United Kingdom, 15 December 1996, App. no. 70/1995/576/662.
Dritsas and Others v. Italy, 1 February 2011, App. no. 2344/02.
F.G. v. Sweden, Grand Chamber Judgement, 23 March 2016, App. no. 43611/11.
Georgia v. Russia (I), Grand Chamber Judgement, 3 July 2014, App. no. 13255/07.
Hirsi Jamaa and Others v. Italy, Grand Chamber Judgement, 23 February 2012, App. no.
27765/09.
Ilias and Ahmed v. Hungary, 21 November 2019, App. no. 47287/15.
Khlaifia and Others v. Italy, Grand Chamber Judgement, 15 December 2016, App. no.
16483/12.
M.K. and others v. Poland, 23 July 2020, App. nos. 40503/17, 42902/17 and 43643/17.

VI

M.S.S v. Belgium and Greece, Grand Chamber Judgement, 21 January 2011, App. no.
30696/09.
Moustahi v. France, 25 June 2020, App. no. 9347/14.
Muhammad and Muhammad v. Romania, Grand Chamber Judgement, 15 October
2020, App. no. 80982/12.
N.D. and N.T. v. Spain, Grand Chamber Judgement, 13 February 2020, App. nos. 8675/15
and 8697/15.
N.D and N.T v. Spain, 3 October 2017, App. nos. 8675/15 and 8697/15.
Sharifi and Others v. Italy and Greece, 21 October 2014, App. no. 16643/09.
Soering v. the United Kingdom, 7 July 1989, App. no. 14038/88.
Shioshvili and Others v. Russia, 20 March 2017, App. no. 19356/07.
Sultani v. France, 20 September 2007, App. no. 45223/05.
T.I. v. the United Kingdom, 7 March 2000, App. no. 43844/98.
European Commission on Human Rights
Becker v. Denmark, 3 October 1975, App. no. 7011/75.
X and Y v. Sweden, 4. October 1968, unpublished, reprinted in Council of Europe, 5 Digest of
Strasbourg Case-Law Relating to the European Convention on Human Rights 890 (1985),
App. nos. 3803/68 and 3804/68.
KG v Germany, 11 March 1977, App. no 7704/76.
The Court of Justice of the European Union
2017

Teodor Ispas and Anduta Ispas v. Direcția Generală a Finanțelor Publice
Cluj, case C-298/16, Opinion of AG Bobek, Judgment of 7 September 2017.

2015

Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami and Others v. Commission, case C-398/13 P,
Judgement of 3 September 2015.

2015

Z. Zh. and I. O v. Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en Justitie, case C-554/13,
Judgment of 11 June 2015.

2014

Khaled Boudjlida v. Préfet des Pyrénées-Atlantiques, case C-249/13,
Judgment of 11 December 2014.

2014

Sophie Mukarubega v. Préfet de police et Préfet de la Seine-Saint-Denis, case

VII

C-166/13, Judgment of 5 November 2014.
2012

M.M. v. Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform and Others, case
C-277/11, Judgment of 22 November 2012.

2013

G and R v. Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en Justitie, case C-383/13 PPU,
Judgment of 10 September 2013.

2013

Åklagaren v. Hans Åkerberg Fransson, case C-617/10, Judgement of 26
February 2013.

2013

Mohamad Zakaria, case C-23/12, Judgment of 17 January 2013,

2011

Teresa Cicala v. Regione Siciliana, case C 482/10, Judgment of 21 December
2011.

2011

N. S. v. Secretary of State for the Home Department and M.E. and Others v.
Refugee Applications Commissioner ja Minister for Justice, Equality and Law
Reform, joined cases C-411/10 and C-493/10, Judgement of
21 December 2011

2008

Sopropé - Organizações de Calçado Lda v Fazenda Pública, case C-349/07,
Judgment of 18 December 2008.

2000

Dieter Krombach v André Bamberski, case C-7/98, Judgment of 28 March
2000.

INTERNET SOURCES
Border Violence Monitoring Network, Pushbacks and Police Violence - Legal Framework,
available at: https://www.borderviolence.eu/legal-framework/ [last accessed 31.1.2021].
Border Violence Monitoring Network, Press Release: Court find Slovenian state guilty of
chain pushback to Bosnia-Herzegovina, 20.7.2020, available at:
https://www.borderviolence.eu/wp-content/uploads/Press-Release_Slovenian-CourtRuling.pdf [last accessed 31.1.2021].
Border Violence Monitoring Network, InfoKolpa: Press Kit for Foreign Media, available at:
https://www.borderviolence.eu/wp-content/uploads/PRESS-KIT-FOR-INTERNATIONALMEDIA.pdf [last accessed 31.1.2021].
Council of Europe Portal, Treaty Office, Chart of signatures and ratifications of Treaty 046,
available at: https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list//conventions/treaty/046/signatures?p_auth=MYXarGX0 [last accessed 31.1.2021].

VIII

ECCHR, N.D. and N.T. v. Spain - A Major Setback for Refugee Protection: ECtHR
dismisses complaint against Spain, available at: https://www.ecchr.eu/en/case/nd-and-nt-vspain/ [last accessed 3.12.2020].
Frontex, Origin & tasks, available at: https://frontex.europa.eu/about-frontex/origin-tasks/
[last accessed 3.12.2020]
Jones, Sam, European Courts under fire for backing up Spain’s express deportations, The
Guardian, 13.2.2020, available at:
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/feb/13/european-court-under-fire-backing-spainexpress-deportations [last accessed 29.1.2021].
Liboreiro, Jorge, EU migration chief urges Frontex to clarify pushback allegations,
22.1.2021, Euronews, available at: https://www.euronews.com/2021/01/20/eu-migrationchief-urges-frontex-to-clarify-pushback-allegations [last accessed 29.1.2021].
Refugee Rights Europe, Pushbacks and Rights Violations at European Borders: A Summary
of Key News Coverage and Evidence 17 July to 24 July 2020, available at: https://refugeerights.eu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Pushbacks-News-Roundup-17-July-to-24-July2020.pdf.pdf [last accessed 31.1.2021].
The New Humanitarian, An open secret: Refugee pushbacks across the Turkey-Greece
border, 8.10.2018, available at: https://www.thenewhumanitarian.org/specialreport/2018/10/08/refugee-pushbacks-across-turkey-greece-border-Evros [last accessed
3.12.2020].
UN News, UN expert raises alarm over migrant, asylum seeker ‘pushbacks’ at TurkeyGreece border, 23.3.2020, available at: https://news.un.org/en/story/2020/03/1059992 [last
accessed 3.12.2020].
UNHCR, UNHCR calls on Greece to investigate pushbacks at sea and land borders with
Turkey, 12.6.2020, available at:
https://www.unhcr.org/news/briefing/2020/6/5ee33a6f4/unhcr-calls-greece-investigatepushbacks-sea-land-borders-turkey.html [last accessed 3.12.2020].
Vengoechea, Juliana & Cox, Simon, Case Watch: Europe’s Human Rights Court Delivers
Mixed Ruling on Migrant Rights (Part one), Open Society Justice Initiative, 13.1.2017,
available at: https://www.justiceinitiative.org/voices/case-watch-europe-s-human-rightscourt-delivers-mixed-ruling-migrant-rights-part-one [last accessed 3.12.2020].

OTHER DOCUMENTS
Council of Europe, Committee’s final draft, DH/Exp/Misc (62) 11, 9 March 1962.
Council of Europe: Committee of Ministers, Twenty Guidelines of Forced Return, Adopted on
4 May 2005 at the 925th meeting of the Ministers’ Deputies.

IX

Council of Europe, Guide on Article 4 Protocol No. 4 to the European Convention on Human
Rights – Prohibition of collective expulsion of aliens, 30 April 2020, available at:
https://www.echr.coe.int/Documents/Guide_Art_4_Protocol_4_ENG.pdf
[last
accessed
3.12.2020]
Council of Europe, Explanatory Reports on the Second to Fifth Protocol to the European
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, submitted by the
Committee of Experts to the Committee of Ministers, H(71)11, 1971.
Council of Europe, Explanatory Report to Protocol No. 4 to the Convention for the Protection
of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms, securing certain rights and freedoms other than
those already included in the Convention and in the first Protocol thereto, European Treaty
Series - No. 46, Strasbourg, 16.IX.1963.
Council of Europe and FRA, Handbook on European Law relating to asylum, borders and
immigration, 2015.
Court of Justice of the European Union, Opinion 2/13 of the Court (Full Court), 18 December
2014.
ECRE, The application of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights to asylum procedural law,
2014.
European Commission, Return Handbook, 2017, available at: https://ec.europa.eu/homeaffairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/proposalimplementation-package/docs/return_handbook_en.pdf [last accessed 8.12.2020].
European Court of Human Rights, Factsheet - Derogation in time of emergency, September
2020, available at: https://www.echr.coe.int/documents/fs_derogation_eng.pdf [last accessed
14.12.2020].
European Court of Human Rights, Guide on the case-law of the European Convention on
Human Rights, Immigration, Last update: 31.8.2020, available at: https://rm.coe.int/courtcase-law-guide-immigration-eng/16809f1556 [last accessed 3.12.2020].
European Court of Human Rights, “Administrative detention followed by hasty removal of two
children having unlawfully entered Mayotte from the Comoros: several violations of the
Convention”, ECHR 192 (2020), Press Release, 25.6.2020.
European Court of Human Rights, Spain did not breach the Convention in returning migrants
to Morocco who had attempted to cross the fences of the Melilla enclave, Press Release,
13.2.2020.
European Court of Human Rights, Collective expulsion of aliens, factsheet, November 2013,
available at: https://www.refworld.org/pdfid/539eb0b84.pdf [last accessed 3.12.2020]
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA), Periodic data collection on the
migration situation in the EU: March Highlights, 2018, available at:
https://fra.europa.eu/en/news/2018/migrant-pushbacks-growing-concern-some-member-states
[last accessed 9.12.2020].

X

International Law Commission, Fifty-eighth session, Geneva, 2006, “Expulsion of aliens”,
Memorandum by the Secretariat, UN Doc. Doc. A/CN.4/565 (2006) 2.
Memorandum of Understanding on Cooperation on Development, Combatting Illegal
Immigration, Human Trafficking and Smuggling, and on Strengthening Border Security
(Torino: ASGI, 2 February 2017), unofficial translation available at http://www.asgi.it/wpcontent/uploads/2017/02/ITALY-LIBYA-MEMORANDUM-02.02.2017.pdf [last accessed
28.1.2021]
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, ‘Discussion Paper on the Expulsion of
Aliens’,
September
2006,
available
at:
https://www2.ohchr.org/english/issues/migration/taskforce/docs/Discussion-paperexpulsions.pdf [last accessed 28.1.2021].
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, Recommended principles and Guidelines
on
Human
Rights
at
international
borders,
available
at:
https://www.ohchr.org/Documents/Issues/Migration/OHCHR_Recommended_Principles_Gu
idelines.pdf [last accessed 28.1.2021].
Official Journal of the European Union, Explanations relating to the EU Charter of
Fundamental Rights, (2007/C 303/02), 14.12.2007.
Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Pushback policies and practice in the
Council of Europe member States, Resolution 2299, 2019.
Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, Resolution 1821, 2011.
Third-party intervention by the Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights at CJEU
proceedings concerning cases of N.D. v. Spain (No. 8675/15) and N.T. v. Spain. (No. 8697/15),
COMDH(2018)11, 22 March 2018.
UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Note on International Protection (submitted
by the High Commissioner), A/AC.96/815, 31 August 1993.
United Nations, Draft articles on the Expulsion of Aliens, with commentaries, 2014.
UNHCR, Note on Non-refoulement (Submitted by the High Commissioner), EC/SCP/2, 23
August 1977.
United Nations General Assembly, Expulsion of aliens: Memorandum by the Secretariat,
International Law Commission Fifty-eight session, 10.7.2006.

XI

