Housing Managers as Referrers to Mediation - Conflict Management
in a Housing Company with an Internal Mediation Service

Master’s Thesis in
Peace, Mediation and Conflict Research
Developmental Psychology
Pasi Ojala, 65169
Supervisor: Karin Österman
Faculty of Education and Welfare Studies
Åbo Akademi University, Finland
Autumn 2020

Pasi Ojala

Abstract
Objective: To examine a conflict management system of a housing company in
Finland with an internal mediation service. The focus of the study was on how
conflicts are received, intervened in, and referred to mediation by the housing
managers, and which kind of conflict management system this created.
Method:. The data were gathered by interviews with 14 managers of the target
company and one mediation group. All interviews followed a thematic method and
were analyzed using the method of content analysis. The topic is examined through
theories of conflict resolution and a conflict management system design.
Results: The main finding was that the managers’ approaches to conflicts included
the rights-based approach and the problem-solving approach to conflict management.
The former entailed systemic disadvantages when implemented preliminary to the
mediators’ approach. The findings, therefore, reinforce the pre-existing understanding
of the hierarchy of the conflict management.
Conclusion: Internal conflict management systems within housing companies benefit
from designed systems where the mediators and the housing managers have integrated
conflict management roles. The problem-solving approach is one possibility for the
role of the housing manager and should be further examined.
Keywords: Conflict management, conflict management system design, housing
management, mediation.

Pasi Ojala

Table of Content
1.

Introduction ................................................................................................................. 1
1.1. Aim of the Study......................................................................................................... 1
1.2. Central Terms and Background of the Study ............................................................. 1
1.2.1. Target Company and Conflict Management System ........................................... 1
1.2.2. Housing Manager and Disturbance Management ............................................... 2
1.2.3. Housing Management and Conflict De-escalation .............................................. 5
1.2.4. Conflicts and Mediation ...................................................................................... 6
1.2.5. Referral to Mediation........................................................................................... 8
1.3 Conflict Resolution ...................................................................................................... 9
1.3.1. Traditional Justice and Rights-based Approach .................................................. 9
1.3.2. Negotiated Justice and Problem-solving Approach........................................... 11
1.3.3. Coercive Versus Autonomy-supportive Contexts ............................................. 12
1.3.4. Decision-making Position and Negotiated Justice ............................................ 13
1.4 Conflict Management System Design ....................................................................... 15
1.5 Research Questions.................................................................................................... 17

2.

Method ....................................................................................................................... 17
2.1. Sample ...................................................................................................................... 17
2.2. Instrument ................................................................................................................. 17
2.3. Procedure .................................................................................................................. 19
2.4 Ethical Considerations ............................................................................................... 20

3.

Results ....................................................................................................................... 21
3.1. Manager and Mediator Roles in Conflicts between Neighbors ................................ 21
3.1.1. How Managers Receive Notion about Conflicts ............................................... 21
3.1.2. How Managers Intervene into Conflicts ............................................................ 25
3.1.3 Analyses of Manager Roles ................................................................................ 29
3.1.4 How Mediators Intervene to Conflicts ............................................................... 32

Pasi Ojala

3.2 The Conflict Management System ............................................................................ 34
3.2.1. Position of Referral ............................................................................................ 34
3.2.2. Mediators’ Experiences of Referral Operation .................................................. 35
3.2.3. Analyses of Conflict Management System ....................................................... 37
3.2.4. Summary of Analyses ........................................................................................ 39
4.

Discussion .................................................................................................................. 40
4.1 Summary of Findings ................................................................................................ 40
4.2. Limitations of the Study ........................................................................................... 42
4.3. Implications of the Study .......................................................................................... 43
4.4. Suggestions for Future Research .............................................................................. 44

References ........................................................................................................................... 46
Appendices .......................................................................................................................... 50

Pasi Ojala

1. Introduction
1.1. Aim of the Study
The aim of the study was to identify how housing managers and internal mediators of a housing
company interact in the conflict management of neighbor conflict situations. The study
describes the functionality of a particular conflict management system of a target company.

1.2. Central Terms and Background of the Study
1.2.1. Target Company and Conflict Management System
The study describes a conflict management system of a housing company. The target company
of the study was a middle size municipal housing provider in Finland situated in the capital
area. The company had developed a specific conflict management system where internal
company mediators resolved residents’ conflicts. The internal mediators were company
personnel working with different tasks, such as in housing guidance and administration. They
had received a training in mediation and had a permission to allocate working hours to the
mediation work. The four mediators had operated one year when the data were gathered.
The internal mediators work in close cooperation with the housing managers. The system
operates fully when the housing managers first receive the conflicts and then analyze the cases
and select the proper ones to be referred to the mediators, who then apply their mediation
process. The aim of the mediation service is to support the housing managers in handling the
different complaints and the residents in resolving their conflicts. The service is provided in
various neighbor conflict situations. The most crucial requirements are that the housing
manager identifies and considers the case proper to be referred to mediation and that residents
agree on participating in the mediation.
Conflict mediation regarding community and neighborhood issues in Finland is run by an
NGO called the Community Mediation Centre which cooperates with various national housing
companies (Community Mediation Centre). Community mediation started in Finland as a
project in 2006 focusing on multicultural conflicts in multicultural neighborhoods (Joensuu &
Rustanius, 2011). In Finland, interpersonal disputes of neighbors are also mediated in the
court-connected mediation and in the municipal mediation offices, also called victim-offender
mediation (Ervasti, 2018). However, the mediation service of the particular housing company
studied here, as an internal service of a housing institution, is unique and a pioneer in the field.
1

Pasi Ojala

The aim of the internal service was to lower the threshold for the managers to seek support. The
particular housing company had utilized the Community Mediation Centre for about four years
before the development work took place.
Indeed, no other internal mediation services exist in housing companies in Finland. Instead,
housing companies and other actors working in the field of housing and conflicts refer to outside
mediation agencies. This is the case also abroad, at least in France and in the USA, as discussed
later. By the time this study was launched, the internal service of the target company had been
operating one year and the mediators had had around 40 cases. The regular annual number of
referred cases to the Community Mediation Centre from the particular company had been
around 15 (Mediation report 2016-2017). This described a clear increase in the referred cases.
The internal service was largely used by the managers.
The present study was undertaken in order to gain information of this unique system where
the internal housing company personnel mediated neighbor conflict situations. The focus of the
study was limited to concern the housing managers and their referrals to mediation. The internal
mediators were also interviewed, but from the perspective of cooperation with the managers.
Also, at the same time as this study, another study was launched which concentrated purely on
the internal mediators and the efficiency of their work. Thus, the aim of these two studies with
distinct focuses on the same conflict management system was also to provide a complete tool
for the further development of the system.
1.2.2. Housing Manager and Disturbance Management
A housing manager is one who manages the buildings and the various issues related to the
residents’ living. The housing manager is liable for the maintenance and renovation of the
buildings, budget, disturbances between neighbors, and client service. Housing management is
a specialist profession where the expertise of the housing manager is used to support the
management and the finances of the buildings. The housing management field, which consists
of the rental markets and the apartment house companies, is responsible for the 2.7 million
residents’ fluent housing in Finland. (Kangasluoma, 2018; Isännöinnin ammattilaiset, 2017)
A good housing manager is able to governance major questions and, at the same time, endure
the flood of contacts concerning smaller and more detailed issues. Often the housing managers
need to operate as housing guidance personnel and guide the residents in self-evident issues,
such as disconnecting the outdoor water pipe in the winter. The work is done in different
meetings and reviews and in the office by computer. (Kangasluoma, 2018)

2

Pasi Ojala

The position of the housing manager in the apartment house companies differs from the
rental markets in some crucial ways. Housing management providers in the field of apartment
houses are often small private enterprises with three to five employees (Isännöinnin
ammattilaiset, 2017). A major difference is that a specific contract defines the services which
the manager provides and the tasks defined in the contract are chargeable for the apartment
house companies. Because the residents of the companies purchase the management service,
they can also call for bids and change it (Isännöinnin ammattilaiset, 2017). Instead, in the rental
markets the housing provider is completely responsible of providing or acquiring the
management service and no competitiveness exists in the same extent.
This positional difference causes certain specific expectations towards the housing
management in the apartment house companies. The competitiveness causes that the manager
needs to maintain good relations with the board of the apartment house company and with other
residents. Also the manager’s decision-making position is shared with the board. Some of these
factors are further discussed when analyzing the implications of this study.
The traditional disturbance management in housing, both in rental markets and in apartment
house companies, relies on the use of a disturbance form. The disturbance form is a form which
a resident who experiences a disturbance by a neighbor, such as disturbing noises or a misuse
of the laundry facilities, can complete with detailed information of the experienced disturbance.
After this, they should collect two other residents’ signatures for the disturbance form. These
residents should also have experienced the same disturbance and be able to testify to it in court
if needed. After this the form is sent to the housing manager.
The housing manager is then responsible to react in proper ways. Traditional reactions to the
completed disturbance form include written notifications and written warnings sent to the
resident in question. These letters notify the person of the disturbance and warn of possible
eviction, which is the ultimate result which disturbance management may bring. Every eviction,
however, can be contested in court by the person being evicted and in such cases the housing
provider plus the residents behind the disturbance form need to be able to show the rightfulness
of their actions and claims. In apartment house companies, the manager operates in closer
cooperation with the board and the apartment house company itself has a greater responsibility
for the procedure. However, in many ways the role of the housing manager is the same and
disturbances between neighbors are dealt in this way relying on the use of the disturbance form.
What is problematic in this framework is when the residents complain with insufficient
evidence. Indeed, in less severe cases or in interpersonal conflict situations the complaining
resident might be the only one who experiences the disturbance, and therefore collecting the
3

Pasi Ojala

other residents’ signatures is problematic. A resident who seeks help in such a situation might
also report multiple complaint issues or inflate issues in order to motivate the third party to
intervene (e.g. when being angry about a noise of the neighbor, the resident might call the police
and report child abuse) (Charkoudian, 2005).
Thus, a major part of the housing managers’ disturbance management work is to evaluate
situations case by case and to try to find the proper interventions. For example, if a resident
complains about neighbor’s children playing too loudly in the yard but has no signatures,
because other neighbors are not disturbed or do not want to be involved, then the housing
manager needs to evaluate whether this particular disturbance calls for action or not. Smaller
day-to-day disagreements, such as neighbor and family conflicts, tend to remain as a note in
police log books or in landlord association’s complaint files (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012).
Also, even if withdrawing from the actions in the beginning, persistent calling and
complaining by residents might result in the manager intervening later. In ambiguous cases,
managers can also choose a midway strategy, such as not directly notifying anyone, but putting
a general notice on the staircase wall of the building or sending the general house rules to every
apartment. The meaning of a general intervention of such is, presumably, more to prove to the
complaining party that an intervention has been taken rather than to aim for an efficient solution.
In one case study, described by Attias, Ojala and Vuorinen (2019), the manager had put a sign
in the staircase prohibiting harassment. That, not surprisingly, was unsuccessful in resolving
the complex conflict.
Around 30% of the housing manager’s work hours, which is the largest single part of the
different work categories, concerns the client service meaning phone calls, e-mails and meetings
with residents around various issues (Isännöinnin ammattilaiset, 2017). The acknowledged
developmental challenge of the profession concerns, exactly, this part of the manager’s work,
the client service (Hedvall, Johansson & Kaskinen, 2011). Managers themselves tend to think
that residents and the flood of contacts from them are an inevitable trouble in the work and need
to be controlled with distance, often resulting in limiting the communication to a minimum with
the residents (Hedvall, Johansson & Kaskinen, 2011). The major challenge for the reputation
of the profession is to improve client-centeredness (Hedvall, Johansson & Kaskinen, 2011).
There is, unfortunately, no information available of the portion of conflicts and disturbance
management but, undoubtedly, it creates a major part of the client service. Having more
client-centered conflict and disturbance management would, therefore, serve the reputation of
the profession significantly.

4

Pasi Ojala

1.2.3. Housing Management and Conflict De-escalation
Today, conflict escalation issues are more and more acknowledged and housing managers are
guided to provide a soft approach as a primary method in neighbor conflict situations. In the
soft approach, warnings and letter notifications are avoided and, instead, phone calls and emails are encouraged when approaching the resident who has been complained about. After the
call or the e-mail notification, if the case remains unsolved, the housing manager should
investigate perspectives and encourage neighbors’ mutual communication. (Kangasluoma,
2018)
The aim of the soft approach guidance is, indeed, to diminish conflict escalation
(Kangasluoma, 2018). The notified resident, when receiving the notification by email which is
a less formal strategy than a traditional letter, experiences the contact less inculpatory and still
receives the information of the disturbance which, again, allows them to change the suspected
misbehavior. The hypothesis of softness, assumably, is based on this decrease in formalization.
Bonafe-Schmitt (2012, 59) has presented that formalism is, indeed, one aspect of a “tendency
to juridify social relationships”, which does not support genuine conflict resolution.
The guidance is, however, rather ambiguous and evokes a few further questions relevant to
conflict escalation. For instance, if using calling to notify, the notified resident, assumably, has
an immediate possibility to explain their point of view and to defend themselves against the
claims of the notification. The guidance fails to instruct whether the manager should listen to
these explanations and investigate the perspectives immediately when they arise, or not.
Further question remains that, if the notified resident is not listened to and their perspectives
are confined, how soft or de-escalating the approach is experienced in the end.
The soft approach guidance is an up-to-date professional instruction in the field of housing
management and achieves to touch the topic of conflict de-escalation by arguing for less formal
notifying. However, as said, it fails to provide detailed instructions of the relation of notifying
and investigating perspectives. In addition, how de-escalating the decrease in formalization is,
or, in other words, how much softer tone the e-mail notification carry in comparison to the letter
version, is unstudied.
In the need for an efficient conflict de-escalation strategy the target company of the study
did two things. First, the housing managers were instructed on a similar soft approach as
described above, where the managers were to intervene by calling or sending e-mails before
letters. Second, the company created an internal mediation service, distinct from the housing
management but organized internally from the company, to work in close cooperation with the
housing managers to assist them in resolving neighbor conflict situations. Therefore, the system
5

Pasi Ojala

of the target company was partly based on reinforcing the soft approach within their housing
management and partly on strengthening it with an additional tool of mediation.
1.2.4. Conflicts and Mediation
A conflict refers to a situation where individuals or groups perceive one another as having
negative and harmful effect on their own interests, views or norms. A conflict is a dynamic
process where any interaction of the conflict parties, as well as outside interventions, may
spread or confine it. Action and reaction lead to outcomes which may escalate or de-escalate
the situation. Conflicts often emerge around a certain subject of which the parties have a
disagreement of opinion, but always involve also emotional and personal aspects, such as
miscommunication or a lack of appreciation. Objective technical solutions which lack the
personal level, thus, seldom resolve the conflicts successfully. (Pel, 2008)
Neighbor conflict situations can be straightforward issues relating mostly to noise deriving
from, for example, animals, partying or arguments, or they are relational issues consisting of
insults, threats and rumors (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012). In addition to the experienced noise
disturbances, practical disagreements can derive from the use of common spaces, such as the
laundry facilities and the yard, or from the neighbors’ different life schedules (Joensuu &
Rustanius, 2011; Ekholm & Salmenkangas, 2008). In addition to apartment buildings, also city
homeowners have neighbors and complex relationships with them, where the conflicts concern,
for instance, boundary fences and trees that block views (Ellickson, 1994). Although neighbor
conflicts can be seen as minor disputes belonging to day-to-day disagreements, because they
happen so often, they contribute most to citizens’ feelings of insecurity (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012).
Conflicts have a tendency to escalate (Pel, 2008). Any conflict parties’ own action, a third
party intervention or simply a passage of time can escalate conflicts (Pel, 2008). Conflict parties
tend to escalate the situation with coercivity, for instance, with threats and intimidation, which
harden the attitudes of the other party in the situation (Ho-Won, 2008). Third party outside
interventions, such as an approach of an adviser or a lawyer of one party, also tend to escalate
conflicts (Pel, 2008). A police intervention in neighborhood conflicts can lead to momentary
decrease in the confrontation between the parties but, ultimately, the conflict further escalates,
because one party feels angry about the other calling the police (Charkoudian, 2005). The police
intervention may also have an immediate escalating effect, especially if the interaction is
confrontational (Charkoudian, 2005).
Quek (2013) has stated that parties in conflicts are naturally focused on their positions and
rights. Positions mean conflict parties’ self-generated perspectives or solutions to the situation
6

Pasi Ojala

which in legal proceedings are called claims and defenses (Pel, 2008). Parties’ positions often
differ considerably and are incompatible (Pel, 2008). Pel (2008) contrasts interests with
positions and presents that interests can be explained as motives behind positions, such as needs,
which are compatible.
Mediation is a conflict resolution method where a neutral third party, a mediator, who has
no authoritative decision-making power helps the conflict parties to negotiate about the possible
solution (Bercovitch & Jackson, 2009). Mediation is sometimes referred to as an assisted
negotiating (Ervasti & Salminen, 2017; Bercovitch & Jackson, 2009). Mediation belongs to the
field of Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR), which originates in the traditional societies’
non-coercive means of resolving conflicts by practicing consensus building (Fiadjoe, 2004).
Mediation is used in various contexts in society and, in Finland, different fields of mediation
include, for instance, victim-offender mediation, peer mediation in schools, family mediation,
workplace mediation, and community mediation (Ervasti, 2018). In addition to Finland,
neighborhood and community mediation is run, at least, in the USA (Charkoudian, 2005) and
in France (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012).
In mediation, the focus is shifted from the positions, such as the requests of being proved
right, into the underlying interests (Pel, 2008). Mediation, especially the facilitative mediation,
is an example of an interest-based approach to conflict resolution (Pel, 2008). Solutions to
problems are searched from the underlying interests of the parties and the mediation process
often aims for sustainable agreements (Ervasti, 2018).
This focus shifting or reframing from positions to interests cannot be forced and is, indeed,
done through questioning (Pel, 2008). The process is characterized by persistent questioning
about interests, even when the conflict parties discuss their positions (Pel, 2008). In the
community mediation, the questioning of interests includes questions such as: how has the
situation impacted on the resident’s life?; what is important for the resident?; what does the
resident need or wish for in the situation? (Attias, Gellin, Kaitonen, & Vuorinen, 2017).
In conflicts people tend to focus on finding outside support instead of mutual solutions. The
police is often approached in interpersonal conflicts and also different city and state agencies,
such as city planning, social services, housing, public schools, human services and health
departments, receive invitations to intervene (Charkoudian, 2005). In family disputes, the
conflict parties in approaching the social workers and the police desperately search for an
authority who would instruct the other party who is not behaving in a reasonable way in their
opinion (Haavisto, Bergman-Pyykkönen, & Karvinen-Niinikoski, 2014). The divorcing couples
also generate child protection reports, or reports of an offence to the police, which are
7

Pasi Ojala

exaggerated or false and which burden the service system (Haavisto, Bergman-Pyykkönen, &
Karvinen-Niinikoski, 2014).
Quek (2013) defines that conflict parties, when focusing on their positions, want to have
external third parties to make determinations of them. Pel (2008) also notes that conflict parties
may try to utilize agencies of power to enforce their arguments and positions. Conflict
resolution which focuses on positions aims to persuade the other party to make concessions
(Pel, 2008).
These third party agencies are also approached having the idea that a solution might emerge
with an expert evaluation of the conflict. Neutral legal evaluations and advice can, indeed, serve
as successful solutions to certain non-personal conflicts or differences of opinions, but any
situation which involves a long-term relationship or an escalation of the situation is unlikely to
benefit from an outside evaluation (Pel, 2008). In such a case, the evaluation solely strengthens
one side of the conflict which, again, pushes the other party to seek his or her allies and, as a
result, the conflict further escalates.
1.2.5. Referral to Mediation
Mediation represents an alternative model and a counter culture in resolving conflicts and,
usually, exists alongside more traditional methods in society (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012). Most
people in conflicts still fail to seek mediation services directly and, instead, turn to various more
traditional agencies, such as to the police (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012). Direct requests of mediation
are submitted to some extent in the court-connected mediation (Ervasti, 2018; Jagtenberg &
Pel, 2011) and in the community mediation (Charkoudian, 2005).
Therefore, often, conflicts need to be referred to mediation by the agencies who are first
approached. Referrals to mediation are made by different actors in society, for instance, by
judges in courts and by the police and prosecutors (Kressel, 2014; Ervasti, 2018; Charkoudian,
2005). Referral bodies may include also social service agencies, city agencies, community
organizations, security personnel and social housing landlords (Charkoudian, 2005; BonafeSchmitt, 2012).
The task of the referrer is to present the possibility of mediation to the conflict parties. This
is done by having a referral interview. The referral interview may include multiple factors and
the referral agency will ultimately decide how profoundly the interview is performed. For
instance, judges in courts have limited time and referring is only one of their tasks. However,
the following aspects are guidelines for the interview: detecting a conflict, presenting a choice

8

Pasi Ojala

between conflict management methods and providing information on them, checking
willingness to negotiate, answering questions, and dealing with the resistance. (Pel, 2008)
Indeed, conflict parties might resist the idea of being referred to mediation and question the
meaning and the purpose of such a suggestion. As discussed, if parties are strictly focused on
positions, they might approach the third party with a goal of achieving support for their
arguments and, therefore, a suggestion to negotiate with the opponent might appear as
surprising. Therefore, referrers need to be convinced that referring is worth the trouble and also
to possess the necessary knowledge to deal with the resistance.
Referral agencies’ willingness to refer cases to mediation is often facilitated by the
realization that intervening in complaints without handling the underlying issues, that is dealing
solely with the symptoms, can become costly. For instance, in the neighborhood conflicts one
conflict may cause repeated calls for the police and visits for officers and referring these cases
to mediation decreases the amount of report calls significantly. Police departments and courts
may achieve cost savings by referring to mediation more often and at an earlier phase of the
conflict. (Charkoudian, 2005)
In conclusion, referral operation might be challenging because the conflict parties might
expect the third party to assist them in their own positions-focused conflict resolution. However,
at the same time, social conflicts are difficult to control with traditional means. Bonafe-Schmitt
(2012) has stated that an increase in the urban riots in France shows that the state and its
traditional conflict resolution increasingly fails to control social conflicts, which also relates to
the evolution of social relationships and new kinds of conflicts related with issues of social
identity, integration and quality of life. Simply increasing security or the number of social
workers has not resolved this kind of social disorganization (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012). Therefore,
the potential referral agencies are facing a dilemma: the fact that social conflicts are persistent
and somewhat resistant to traditional means of conflict resolution suggests utilizing alternative
means and, indeed, referral to mediation. At the same time, referral to mediation is challenging
and requires strength to deal with the resistance.

1.3 Conflict Resolution
1.3.1. Traditional Justice and Rights-based Approach
Traditional criminal justice is based on the idea of general preventiveness, where the belief is
that crimes are best prevented by posing the deterrent effect of punishments. Knowing the
9

Pasi Ojala

punishments, the potential lawbreakers weigh up the pros and cons carefully before committing
any criminal acts. The underlying principles have thousands of years of heritage. Today this
theory suggests that punishments are also important to teach morals to ordinary citizens.
Citizens learn to avoid unwanted behavior because they know it to be morally wrong.
(Koskinen, 2008; Tolvanen, 2007)
Gellin (2019) has argued that the traditional school discipline is based on this idea of general
preventiveness. In the school discipline, teachers as authorities evaluate the severity of
disturbances in reference to school rules and orders and then define the sanctions (Gellin, 2019).
The sanctions include a reprimand, detention and, finally, suspension from school. In a
reprimand by a teacher, the misbehavior of a student is judged, they are told that misbehavior
is not tolerated and that compliance with the school rules is further monitored (Salmivalli,
Kärnä & Poskiparta, 2010; Gellin, 2019). Reprimanding is also used by the police, for instance,
with youth with substance abuse problems, where the misbehavior is discussed as a crime or
being against the rules (Rönkä, 2005).
In the traditional justice orientation, an external authority always has the responsibility to
control disturbances and to maintain peace. These authorities are considered as experts of rules
relevant to specific situations. Different expert roles are, for instance, the ones of the judge and
the lawyer, the police and the teacher. In addition, Christie (1977) discusses the role of a
treatment personnel, which would apply to today’s health care, and social workers, categorizing
them in the same rules-oriented position of authority.
Using reprimand and a threat of sanctions as an intervention is also one form of conflict
resolution. One categorization of conflict resolution is one of Ury, Brett and Goldberg (1993),
where conflict resolution is divided into rights-based, power- and interests-based approaches.
The rights-based approach is based on the pre-established rules defined by a certain
organization or society, which specify the just and fair behavior (Poitras & Le Tareau, 2008).
Against those rules evaluations are made to determinate who is right and who is wrong (Poitras
& Le Tareau, 2008). Authors have also further simplified the categorization, arguing that rights
and power are very interlinked concepts and often applied mixed – rules are one form of power
– and, thus, the conflict resolution is merely a dichotomy between rights and interests (Poitras
& Le Tareau, 2008).
Methodological examples of the rights-based approach to conflict management are, for
instance, arbitration, hearing and litigation (Bingham, 2008; Poitras & Le Tareau, 2008). In the
rights-based conflict resolution one party loses and one wins (Poitras & Le Tareau, 2008). This
win-lose framework always aims to make the other party to make concessions or to abandon
10

Pasi Ojala

their position (Pel, 2008). Therefore, discussions which follow the win-lose framework are also
called positional negotiating (Pel, 2008).
1.3.2. Negotiated Justice and Problem-solving Approach
On the contrary to the traditional justice orientation and its rational-legal logic, the orientation
of the negotiated or comprehensive justice is based on a more consensual and less
confrontational approach, where communication and social control are highlighted. In the
negotiated justice, conflicts are controlled with other means than sanctions and compensations.
Conflict parties’ mutual communication and conciliation processes are used to increase social
control. (Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012)
The Finnish court-connected mediation is an example of development of justice towards
negotiation, communication and interaction (Iivari, 2010). Today courts have the traditional
role, where judges evaluate the truth and operate as decision makers, and the new one in
promoting the negotiated justice, where judges negotiate over compromises or operate as
mediators in the court-connected mediation (Haavisto, 2002; Ervasti, 2018). These distinct
orientations are different forms of social control with distinct logics, which both are present in
today’s court practices and the role of the judge (Haavisto, 2002).
Indeed, in the court-connected mediation, where judges operate as mediators,
communication skills are more important resource for them than the knowledge of the law.
Judges, who operate as mediators, need to be able to create an interaction based on
understanding the expectancies and interests of the conflict parties. Judges as mediators focus
on interests and use a method of facilitative mediation. (Työryhmämietintö, 2003)
Ervasti (2018) further explains that, in addition to the court-connected mediation, Finnish
judges promote settlements using the compromising method. Indeed, in handling of civil cases,
judges are required to investigate the possibilities to settle cases and, through this investigation,
settlement proposals may be offered. This judges’ operation of investigating possibilities to
settle is one example of the use of compromising method to conflict resolution. (Ervasti, 2018)
Compromising classically refers to a process where “parties distribute wins and losses”
(Ervasti, 2018, 29). Pel (2008) defines that, in compromising, the conflict definition is based
on the viewpoints of the parties and the method resembles bargaining and is relatively simple
– one simply identifies requirements and differences and “splits” them. The strength is that it is
a culturally acceptable, direct and rapid intervention (Pel, 2008).
The theory around conflicts and conflict resolution includes various concepts and models,
and the whole is somewhat disorganized. To include the court-connected mediation and the
11

Pasi Ojala

settlement promotion activities of the courts, Ervasti & Salminen (2017) refer to an approach
to conflict resolution which includes methods of compromising, evaluative conciliation and
facilitative mediation, which they call as the problem-solving approach. In the problem-solving
approach, the focus can be in suggesting quick practical compromises as well as in providing
profound interest-based solutions (Ervasti & Salminen, 2017). The term problem-solving is also
widely used and with various meanings in the field, where some writers use it, solely, as a
synonym for the interests-based approaches (Menkel-Meadow, 1984; d’Estree, 2009).
It is decided to use the rights-based- and the problem-solving approaches to conflict
resolution as the defining concepts. The rights-based approach is used in the established sense
stated before, where the focus is to prove the rightfulness and the wrongfulness of the behavior
relying on positional negotiating. Here the position of authorities is central as enforcers of rules.
The problem-solving approach is used to refer to any type of problem-solving orientation,
including both the quick (splitting the requirements) and the high-quality (identifying the
underlying interests) solution processes. The focus in the problem-solving approach is,
however, on resolving the underlying problems, instead of on evaluating the evidence and truth.
The position of authorities is to help to find solutions which relate to the actual problems behind
the conflicts.
1.3.3. Coercive Versus Autonomy-supportive Contexts
The self-determination theory (SDT) makes a distinction between coercive- and
autonomy-supportive social contexts. In the coercive- or controlling social contexts, people in
general feel pressured and might experience themselves as pawns while engaging in certain
actions. Interaction consists of either direct or indirect coercive elements. Direct coercivity
includes direct expressions of power, such as intimidation or blackmailing. Indirect coercivity
or controlling includes, for example, demands for conformity, where someone tries to enforce
some sort of harmony or conformity and there is a lack of choice in the interaction. Other
elements of indirect controlling include excessive rules and strict prescriptions of behavior.
However, if a response carries information which might help the receiver to perform better in
the situation and reduces pressure to engage in certain actions, the interaction and context are
more autonomy-supportive. (Skinner & Edge, 2002)
The basic assumption of SDT is that people have psychological universal needs of being
competent, autonomous and related to others, which affect their motivation and well-being.
When these needs are satisfied, people feel motivated and experience greater well-being and,
on the contrary, contexts which thwart these needs decrease motivation and cause ill-being.
12

Pasi Ojala

Experiencing autonomy means driving towards inner organization and self-regulation. In the
autonomous behavior, one may still comply with requests made by others and, therefore,
autonomy is not the same as independency. However, in such a case one endorses the values or
requests made by others, instead of simply conforming them. (Deci & Ryan, 2002)
As discussed earlier, coercive interaction escalates conflicts. Conflict parties’ coercivity
causes hardening of attitudes, which relates to the psychological decision-making
characteristics (Ho-Won, 2008). Indeed, coercivity thwarts the need for autonomy, the need to
self-organize and to self-regulate one’s own operation, and, thus, decreases motivation and
increases ill-being. As a result, in a conflict adversarial feelings towards the coercive person
increase and willingness to contribute to in resolving the actual problems decreases and the
situation escalates.
In the neighbor relations, direct coercivity, such as intimidation or threatening, can take place
directly between the conflict parties, as explained. Police codes for call types in such cases
include, for instance, common assault and assault by threat (Charkoudian, 2005). Indirect
coercivity is more likely to take place through intermediaries, for instance, when one party calls
the police to calm the neighbor down. When a police officer applies reprimanding and discuss
the neighbor’s suspected misbehavior against the rules, the police enforces harmony. This, in
addition to direct coercivity, escalates conflicts.
The aim of the conflict parties, or the third parties, is rarely to escalate the situations. Conflict
parties aim to strengthen their own positions, as discussed, as part of their chosen conflict
resolution tactics. Third parties try to calm situations down. However, as a result of direct and
indirect coercive acts, situations tend to escalate. The decision-making characteristics, namely
the need for autonomy, play a central role in how conflicts escalate or de-escalate. SDT gives
insight to the dynamics related to third party interventions and their risks in conflict escalation,
which topic is central to the institutional conflict management discussed in this study.
1.3.4. Decision-making Position and Negotiated Justice
The transition from the traditional justice orientation towards negotiated justice needs to be
profound to be effective. Haavisto (2002) discusses judges’ role in promoting settlements in the
Finnish courts and gives examples of cases where judges have expressed favor for the parties
to settle and parties, as a result, have agreed to the compromise. However, when judges’ own
ideas of justice have been more traditional, concerning finding the truth, the promotion of
settlement has only raised suspicions in the parties and appeared as a controversial operation
(Haavisto, 2002).
13

Pasi Ojala

However, there are also historical traditions and expectancies concerning different roles and
practices in institutions, which influence the capacities to implement negotiated justice. Ervasti
(2018) explains that judges, when promoting settlements, are restricted from using mediation
techniques, such as separate meetings or reality testing, because such an operation would risk
the impartiality of the judge and the fair trial. On the one hand, the judges’ promotion of
settlement should be convincing to be effective, which require internalized negotiated justice
orientation in leading the parties towards compromises. On the other hand, judges should be
careful not to risk their impartiality, which might be required if the parties disagreed to settle
and wanted to resolve the case on trial.
Charkoudian (2005) also discusses the role of the police as being structurally non-neutral.
The role of the police entails an authority to make decisions, which causes a lack of perceived
neutrality. This lack of perceived neutrality influences the coercion experienced by the conflict
parties. Thus, even if the police wanted to promote more profound conflict resolution and had
necessary time and skills for it, this experienced coercion related to the role of the police would
risk the process and cause, for instance, the underlying conflict issues being left unaddressed.
(Charkoudian, 2005)
In the roles of the judge and the police, thus, the decision-making position influences the
capacities to implement negotiated justice. The authority to make decisions and pose sanctions
causes specific challenges in taking a broader conflict resolution perspective, than the one of
evaluating the evidence and truth. Aiming for processes of problem-solving requires particular
awareness in these positions.
The position of the housing manager is also that of a decision maker, as discussed. The
housing manager is an authority who can sanction the residents. The discussion of the
decision-making position influencing the capacities to implement negotiated justice is,
therefore, interesting and crucial for this study. Combining decision-making position and
mediation directly is non-advisable for many reasons, for instance, because the mediator should
be neutral (Bercovitch & Jackson, 2009). Even in the court-connected mediation system, judges
do not operate as mediators in their own cases, where they have the decision-making power.
However, combining broader problem-solving approach and decision-making is possible.
Adopting a compromising-type-of settlement promotion tactic alongside the authority position
has been proved as a practical system by the Finnish judges.
Having said that, Haavisto (2002) has stated that variation exists in how efficiently the
settlement promotion is performed in courts. The court-connected mediation was partly
developed as a response to this variation in implementation also to tackle the aforementioned
14

Pasi Ojala

risks in loosing the neutrality of the judge (Työryhmämietintö, 2003). Assumably the creation
of the internal mediation system supported judges, also, in their task of settlement promotion,
when the cases which required separate discussions with the parties and a more profound
problem-solving approach, could be referred to mediation.
Also, when an institutional role evolves, it takes time, effort and discussions within the
professional field. The everyday implementation of the role of the judge in combining the
traditional adjudication and the settlement promotion processes raised a number of discussions
when the issue was introduced (Haavisto, 2002). However, the practice of settlement promotion
is part of the Finnish courts today and, assumably, all the factors mentioned – discussions
among the field, time for the transition as well as the creation of the internal mediation system
– have all contributed on the transition process.
Institutional roles, such as the ones of judge, police, teacher, certain roles in health care and
social work fields and, indeed, the role of the housing manager, have all their own
characteristics. However, the challenge of combining the decision-making authority position
with the negotiated justice orientation is shared among these agencies.

1.4 Conflict Management System Design
Karvinen and Pelli (2010) discuss about family mediation in Finland and note that the service
system in the field of family disputes tend to escalate conflicts. Professional practices of
different agencies in the field, such as family counselors and lawyers, increase adversarial
mind-set of the parties, instead of promoting sense of responsibility and involvement. Making
settlements is highly important within these settings, already for the benefit of the children, but
become ineffective when the mechanisms within the system support culture of accusing and
blaming. In addition, these service systems become overloaded when the conflicts escalate.
(Karvinen & Pelli, 2010)
Mediation is often ineffective is the surrounding professional practices promote distinct
goals. For instance, in providing care and advices for a party of a divorcing couple, a family
counselor might diagnose the other party of the couple in a certain way, which causes deepening
mistrust and, as a result, more competitive claims, such as sole custody (Karvinen & Pelli,
2010). In addition to the family mediation field, for instance, school mediation projects have
emphasized the importance of the institutional culture for the efficiency of mediation (Gellin,
2019; Bonafe-Schmitt, 2012).

15

Pasi Ojala

The conflict management system design (CMSD) is a field which aims to create designed
systems of conflict prevention and resolution in organizational settings, contributing to
organizations’ decision making on how to prevent, manage and resolve conflicts on a systemic
basis. The CMSD, also referred as a Dispute System Design (DSD), was born within
organizations and workplaces, where a realization emerged that the traditional administrative
and judicial processes did not bring genuine and satisfactory solutions and outcomes to
workplace conflicts. CMSD added the awareness of institutional design, not only to introduce
certain ADR-methodology, such as mediation, in the existing institutional setting, but also to
create a program in which a series of purposefully planned steps and coordination take place to
manage the conflicts. (Contantino, 2009; Bingham, 2008)
The core message of CMSD is to maximize the effectiveness of conflict management.
Several authors have concluded that, when evaluating the effectiveness of a certain institutional
conflict management system, which also entails an interests-focused method like mediation,
rights-based approaches should be secondary fallback strategies, instead of being the primary
ones (Ury, Brett & Goldberg, 1993; Bingham, 2008; Poitras & Le Tareau, 2008; Pel, 2008).
The process should start from “’lighter’” processes, such as mediation, and then, if needed,
develop towards stronger ones, such as litigation (Ervasti & Salminen, 2017).
This kind of hierarchy of conflict management is important because rights- and power-based
approaches tend to create adversarial climate, which again hinders the efficiency of the
interest-focused processes (Poitras & Le Tareau, 2008). The mediator aims to access the
underlying interests, as explained. In the adversarial mind-set, the conflict parties are not willing
to answer the mediator’s questions and to accept their reframing and focus shifting. If they are
strictly focused on the evidence and on being right, the parties are not ready to discuss how the
situation impacts their life.
In creating consistent conflict management systems, also referral agencies should withdraw
from the rights-based conflict resolution. Most conflicts do not arrive into mediation directly,
as discussed, and the operation of the authorities who reports conflicts plays an important role
in the system. If these authorities make evaluations to determinate who is right and who is
wrong and possess the power to enforce or suppress conflict parties’ positional claims, and then
these positional discussions are tried to be reframed by the mediator implementing
interests-based conflict resolution approach, the overall system is ineffective. The client of this
conflict management service most likely experiences difficulty in trusting the overall process
and might react in many ways, for instance, with having more competitive claims or by
withdrawing from the mediation.
16

Pasi Ojala

1.5 Research Questions
The research questions concerned the roles of the housing managers in receiving and
intervening in conflicts, the referrals to mediation, and the impacts of the referral operation on
the mediation. The questions were:
1. What type of roles do the housing managers apply when faced with conflicts between
the neighbors?
2. How do the managers refer cases to mediation?
3. How do the mediators experience the referral operation of the managers?
4. How do the mediators experience their work in mediation in general?

2. Method
2.1. Sample
The sample consisted of 16 interviews of which 14 concerned the housing managers and were
one-to-one interviews, one interview was a group interview with the mediators consisting of
four persons, and one interview was made with the company lawyer. Only the interviews with
the housing manager and the group interview of the mediators were analyzed.

2.2. Instrument
The data were gathered by using a semi-structured interview method called thematic
interviewing. In thematic interviewing, the process follows certain themes, which informants
are allowed to describe rather openly and freely. In the process, the interviewer first creates the
research problems and then define the main categories of the phenomenon and, further, the
interview themes and questions. The interview questions are not a detailed list of questions, but
more of a list of themes. These themes can be discussed in varying order and length with
different informants. (Hirsijärvi & Hurme, 2000)
Often in thematic interviewing, the researcher is interested in studying the underlying nature
of complex issues, such as people’s intention, argumentation or values, and finding new
17

Pasi Ojala

hypotheses from these phenomena, instead of aiming for reinforcing certain pre-existing
hypotheses (Hirsijärvi & Hurme, 2000). The subject of the study was relatively unknown in the
sense that no other internal mediation service existed in the housing sector in Finland or
elsewhere, and the study was open for new explorations and findings. The semi-structured
thematic interviewing was a suitable method for data collection for this inductive study.
The interviews with the housing managers consisted of three themes. The first theme was
the managers’ role in the conflict situations and the managers were asked perspectives on the
conflict situations and thoughts about their roles in them. The interview questions were: how
did the manager view the housing disturbance situations one was dealing with and did one have
certain principles or values?; what kinds of different disturbance situations had the manager
faced in one’s work?; and what did one think about conflicts between neighbors and, in
particular, the role of the housing manager in dealing with them?
The second theme was the cooperation with the mediators and the managers were asked
perspectives on the mediation, how it worked and what benefits or disadvantages the service
had from the managers’ point of view and how much the managers utilized it and in which
ways. The interview questions were: how did the manager see the system of mediating neighbor
conflict situations worked in practice?; did the manager utilize the mediation system and if, or
if not, why?; and how did the manager operate in practice if cooperating with the mediators or
if handling the conflict situations alone?
The third theme was the communication and the managers were asked about what kinds of
communication situations took place between the managers and the residents. The interview
question was: what kinds of communication situations did the manager experience taking place
when the residents complained about the neighbors or when the manager responded to these
situations? The order of the interview questions and the length of discussing each theme varied
depending of each informants’ emphasis on them.
The group interview with the mediators consisted of similar themes but the questions were
asked from the mediators’ point of view focusing on the cooperation of the mediators and the
managers. Themes concerned the mediation system and the managers’ role in it, asked from the
mediators’ point of view. The interview questions were: what kind of system was there in place
in the company to mediate neighbor conflict situations?; what worked best and what did not
work in the current system?; what kinds of cases arrived to the mediators and what kinds did
not?; were there situations which the mediators consider improper to be mediated and, if so,
what kinds of and why?; what kind of role did the housing managers have in the system in the
mediators’ opinion?; what kind of operation of the housing manager benefitted the mediation
18

Pasi Ojala

and what kind of operation caused disadvantages?; did the relationship of the residents and the
housing managers become visible in the mediation and, if it did, how?
The data were analyzed using a method of qualitative content analysis. In the qualitative
content analyses, the data are first examined in detail to identify any information with relevance
to the research questions. Then these parts of information are coded or grouped by selected
meanings, which relate to the research questions. The method helps to reduce the amount of
material when abstracting from specific information into larger codes, groups and categories. It
is a systematic and flexible method to analyze qualitative data. (Schreier, 2013; Kyngäs, 2019
a)
In the inductive content analysis of qualitative data, after forming the sub-categories or
themes, the researcher carefully compares the coded data to identify any similarities and
differences. The very first step in the analysis, and the most sensitive as the researcher may
interpret the data subjectively, is to form open codes from the raw data. The open codes should
strongly derive from the concrete information of the data. These codes are then further
abstracted and combined to form the sub-themes and the main themes. (Kyngäs, 2019 b)
The raw data were first coded and then the codes were combined to form larger categories.
An example of the coding of the managers’ interviews is provided in the appendices (Appendix
1). Because the data included distinct groups of professionals working in cooperation to
improve the overall conflict management, the choice to focus on the system level and on the
referral operation was, in the end, genuine and natural.

2.3. Procedure
The study process started in May 2019 with a meeting in the target housing company. In this
meeting, the managers were informed about the coming interviews and they were explained the
idea of the study. One aim of the meeting was to give the housing managers a chance to become
familiar with the interviewer to diminish the possible distrust towards the process.
Almost all of the managers’ interviews were held during one week in autumn 2019 and they
took place in the office of the housing company. The schedule was arranged so that every
interview had one hour reserved and three interviews were held in a row. All the managers were
interviewed. Before this intensive interviewing in the autumn, one manager was interviewed in
June. The purpose of this one early interview was to test the interview themes and to improve
them. Eventually, the themes were kept original although some additional assisting questions
were added to support the flow of the discussion.
19

Pasi Ojala

The mediators’ group interview was held in may before the managers’ interviews. This was
mainly practical reasons. In the spring, when the study was launched, there was only little time
before the summer holidays and only a few interviews could be held. Thus, the mediators’ group
interview and the one manager interview were chosen. After conducting all the interviews, the
analysis was run in autumn 2019 and spring 2020.

2.4 Ethical Considerations
All the interviews are described anonymously in the study and also the company itself. Before
every interview, the interviewee was informed about the use of the data anonymously. In
addition, the informants were told that if they described some particular well-known situation,
which might put them at risk of being recognized within the company or possibly outside of it,
or some other sensitive issue, it could be censored from the study when requested.
The number of the housing managers, 14 altogether, was considered providing them rather
good anonymity both inside and outside the company. This was, however, untrue for the
mediators who were four and, thus, the subject was discussed with them beforehand. The
mediators acknowledged the risk of being recognized but, at the same time, thought that this
study was an important part of the overall development work of the company around the subject.
The mediators were the main developers of the system and motivated to improve it. Thus, they
were not very concerned about the risk of losing anonymity and spoke quite openly about the
issues.
The researcher’s position entailed a double role. The researcher worked as a mediator in the
Community Mediation Centre, which cooperates with this and other housing providers in
Finland in mediating conflicts between neighbors. The agency had assisted the particular
company in the development of the mediation system, for instance, by providing training in
mediation for the mediators. Thus, the familiarity and the cooperation relationship between the
agency and the company imposed a risk for the data being biased.
The researcher, however, had been active mainly in other cities and with other companies
than the particular target company when doing the mediation work. Thus, the familiarity with
the managers or with the internal mediators was not an obstacle. The double role was also
openly told to the housing managers in the preliminary meeting when the study was initially
introduced. Eventually, only one interviewee referred to the researcher’s role as a mediator
during the interview sessions.

20

Pasi Ojala

3. Results
3.1. Manager and Mediator Roles in Conflicts between Neighbors
3.1.1. How Managers Receive Notion about Conflicts
In the chapters below, the complaining resident is systematically called the resident. Similarly,
the person, whom the resident complains about, is called the neighbor. The housing managers
of the company first described how they received notion about conflicts from the residents.
They could receive written – e-mail or the official disturbance form – or oral – phone call –
complaints from the resident concerning the neighbor‘s behavior. The MA code after the
quotations in this chapter refers to a housing manager.
The company managers first described the history. Before the development work in 2018,
when the mediation service did not yet exist, conflicts were processed solely by legislative
means. This meant that e-mail and phone call complaints were not accepted. Instead, the
disturbance form accompanied with other residents’ signatures was requested as a necessity, as
described by the informant below.
“We waited that more people would experience the problem as disturbing. Perhaps we
acknowledged that it was (a conflict) between these two but, like, so what, what chances there
was to intervene with legislative means, we needed other people’s signatures” (MA11)
Another informant stressed that, although realizing that requesting the evidence only
managed to deepen the competitiveness of the parties, the residents were systemically directed
towards collecting signatures for the disturbance forms.
“It was like a race, the one (of the neighbors) who had more forms or names was winning,
until the other collected more. I mean it was stupid but there was nothing else we could do”
(MA6)
Out of need to be and appear as neutral, when residents complained without signatures in the
disturbance form, the company managers experienced that their only choice was to withdraw
from interventions. Highlighting neutrality was crucial, even if realizing that it could deepen
the conflicts. Neutrality was achieved by having a strict legislative role.
Similarly to the neutrality requirements of the judge and the police, an ability to use power
to sanction caused the managers to highlight their neutrality and equality. As judges needed to
be able to run a fair trial, similarly the managers wanted to be able to give fair decisions of
21

Pasi Ojala

sanctions, if needed. Contacting the neighbor without the evidence entailed increased risk of
appearing as partial in the situation.
Today, the roles of the company managers in receiving conflicts are divided into three,
depending on how the managers described their operation concerning the use of the disturbance
form. These roles were named the Representatives of the Law, the CEO and the Caring Leader.
The table below describes these different alternatives in the operation.

Table 1
Housing Managers’ Roles in Receiving Complaints Based on the Factors of
Asking for the Disturbance Form and Taking Action
Representatives of the Law (N = 3)

CEOs (N = 5)

Caring Leaders (N = 6)

Ask for Form

always

always

selectively

Take Action

selectively

always

always

4.1.1.1 Representatives of the Law
Three managers asked for the disturbance form, still, automatically. This role, which was named
the Representative of the Law, meant that, when the resident complained by a non-formal
means, by using phone calls or e-mails, the manager requested the disturbance form as a
necessity. No actions were taken unless the complaint was accompanied with the evidence, as
the manager below described.
“It is not enough to say that lately someone has acted badly, that is not a real reason, I need
to have a concrete thing to intervene to, instead of an opinion that the neighbor is mean --- I
cannot force them to fill it (the form), but it would be good to fill, because it is kind of a concrete
thing where I can see what has happened and when, if I call the neighbor --- I cannot just call
and say ‘hey you know, the resident doesn’t like you’” (MA10)
These managers requested the evidence to prove the disturbance was real and not just an
opinion, as the informant explained. The operation was reasoned with requirements of
concreteness and realness. Another informant further reasoned that concreteness was important
for avoiding difficult standoff situations.
“I have the principle that I always ask for it (the complaint) written and then there needs to
be, at least, one other resident’s signature to prove that the disturbance is real, because
otherwise it is a standoff situation – word against word – which I don’t want to worry about”
(MA4)
22

Pasi Ojala

Similarly to the descriptions of the past operation, these three managers operated by
highlighting the neutrality requirement of their role. The experience of lack of choice in
receiving complaints in any other way than by requesting the evidence still directed their
operation. In the past, the company managers had no help in resolving conflict situations and,
therefore, the need to prevent the risk of being seen as partial was more shared. However,
today the help of the mediators was available and, therefore, the role of the Representative of
the Law appeared as a historical layer of the past. It was applied only by the minority of the
managers.
4.1.1.2. CEOs
Five managers constituted to the role named as the CEO. These managers asked for the
disturbance form automatically, similarly to the Representative of the Law managers, but,
despite of whether the form came or not, they always took action. Therefore, the form was
requested but not insisted on as a necessity, as the informant below described
“We ask for the written one always (the disturbance form) --- but I’ve been in contact (to the
neighbor) even if I didn’t get it” (MA11)
One ideological factor described a clear difference to the previous group of managers. This
was an understanding that all situations, also conflicts, belonged to one’s work as a manager,
as the informant below described.
“They (situations) do belong to me. I mean, I am or, at least, in my previous workplace, when
I was a manager of an apartment house company, I was the CEO of the apartments. They do
belong to me those situations and then I refer them forward if it is, for example, about conflict
issues --- but one needs to figure out the starting point” (MA5)
This manager had an understanding that all complaints, up to the point that the initial
investigation was done, belonged to one’s work. If then different expertise was needed, and this
included conflict situations, as the informant explained, the case was referred forward. The
informant had worked in the apartment house company sector, where they had experienced
being a CEO of the houses they were managing. Aspects of this role were still present and this
role, which applied to five company managers, was accordingly named as the CEO. These
managers wanted to guarantee that complaints put before them received an ending in one way
or another and, thus, they always took action.
However, categorizing these managers was also complex. Three of the CEO managers
informed the resident about their aim of investigating the situation but two did not explain
whether they informed the resident of taking action or not. Therefore, these two CEO managers
23

Pasi Ojala

could appear to the resident as highlighting their neutrality, similarly to the Representative of
the Law managers, although, they always intervened. Despite of this possible controversy, all
five managers understood their role with high responsibility over residents and their situations
and they had a low threshold in taking action.
As the informant above explained, after investigating the starting point, conflicts were
referred forward. To be able to refer conflicts forward, conflicts needed to be first identified
and separated from other disturbances. Indeed, the CEO managers discussed the task of conflict
identification as not always being easy, as the following informant reflected.
“It doesn’t necessary become clear in the moment (whether it is a conflict or a disturbance)
but instead it might take one or two complaints from one or both of the parties” (MA11)
Although investigating situations, conflict identification was experienced as challenging. In
conclusion, the CEO managers, who constituted roughly one-third of the company managers,
operated with a low threshold towards the resident asking for the disturbance form but not
insisting on it. The orientation derived from understanding their role as a CEO-type-of authority
position, where they had a responsibility to guarantee that matters brought to their table were
handled. The disturbance form, although not insisted on, was nevertheless automatically
brought to discussion and the conflict identification was experienced as challenging.
4.1.1.3. Caring Leaders
Six managers responded that they asked for the form selectively, often not in the beginning, and
took action automatically. These managers’ were categorized to a role named as the Caring
Leader. The Caring Leader managers were aware of the confrontation the form-request was
causing. One of the managers described how the disturbance form, when it was requested as a
necessity, was causing difficult communication situations, where the resident usually got angry
and judgmental.
“The resident criticizes me when I ask for the form. They have an opinion that they will not
do the work, which they think belonging to me --- it is often very negative the response” (MA13)
Awareness of the confrontation seemed to be the core reason for asking for the form
selectively and not automatically. The Caring Leader managers requested the form only
sometimes for a particular reason. The same manager described that high complexity could be
one reason.
“Sometimes I just say that now I need it, that I cannot do anything before you send me the
disturbance form with two other residents signatures, this way I also give myself more time to
think what to do next” (MA13)
24

Pasi Ojala

In addition to the awareness of the confrontation aspects of the form-request, another reason
was a willingness to follow the caring values of the company, as another informant described.
“---I understand that there (discussing about the manager investigating non-formal
complaints) is this kind of theme of caring---” (MA3)
The name Caring Leader was named according to the caring values and the managers’
willingness to integrate them to their work. In conclusion, the Caring Leader managers, who
also constituted roughly one-third of the company managers, operated with a low threshold
similarly to the CEO managers, but carried higher awareness of the possible confrontational
consequences of requesting the disturbance form. They, primarily, did not discuss about or
request the disturbance form but investigated the situations straightforward.
3.1.2. How Managers Intervene into Conflicts
The managers’ roles in intervening to conflicts divided into the Educators and the Problem
Solvers. These two roles differed from each other in the nature of discussions with the neighbor
and in the interventions. In the following chart, these roles and their main characteristic are
presented.
Table 2
Roles of Housing Managers in Intervening based on the Complaints and the Style of Discussion
and Intervention
Educators (N = 9)
Discussion Style

Incoherent: Ask for Perspectives

Problem Solvers (N = 5)
Coherent: Ask for Perspectives Authentically

but Overrule Them
Intervention Style

Instruction based on rules

Solution proposal: social

Encouragement

(reprimand), possible

instruction (based on reasonability

to discuss

notification or warning

in behavior) or technical re-

mutually

arrangement

4.1.2.1 Educators
When discussing with the neighbor, nine of the managers operated from the role of the
Educator. Although the Educator managers said they were investigating the cases, this
investigation happened through instructing the neighbor in behavior in relation to the suspected
wrong-doing. Discussion of the neighbor’s perspective on the situation was incoherent and

25

Pasi Ojala

adversarial. One informant, for instance, said that they investigated perspectives, but no matter
about the discussion, they also sent written notification afterwards.
“I call this (the neighbor) who has possibly caused disturbance and ask for their opinion on
the issue ---however, in the phone I say, there is coming a written notification afterwards”
(MA8)
Indeed, in the informants’ reflections came very clearly visible that the purpose of calling
was not to investigate the neighbor’s perspective but, instead, to notify of the suspected
disturbance. One informant gave an example of a complaint about children and noises.
”We call (the neighbor) and tell that we have received these (complaints), that there has
been a bit too loud music in your place in the night, or there has been smoking, or kids, and so
on and, although we do not directly prohibit that kids are not allowed to play, we do tell that
we have received complaints about the situation and instruct (the neighbor) to pay attention to
it” (MA9)
The Educator managers’ most used phrasings in discussing with the neighbor were ‘to pay
attention to it (the disturbance)’, described by the informant above, and ‘rules must be
followed’, visible in the following description.
”---basically it (the discussion) is guiding and instructing, that this is not just some guidance
paper but, instead, the rules, the common house rules, which we give to every resident and
which need to be followed, and we have them in 12 or 14 language so they cannot say they don’t
understand” (MA4)
As discussed earlier, teachers and the police used reprimanding as an intervention strategy
in disturbance situations. The incoherent investigation of perspectives with the Educator
managers, where they expressed their assumption of the neighbor’s wrong-doing and instructed
them of the house rules, reflected, similarly, reprimanding. Managers’ use of reprimanding was,
in fact, an adaptation of the past operation. Indeed, the Educator managers told that, before the
current development work started in the company, they did not call the neighbor at all but,
instead, sent written notifications directly. According to the informant below, the past procedure
was upside down so that, in the end, the neighbor called the manager.
”--- in the old times, when we didn’t call (the neighbor), after receiving the letter (the
disturbance form), they could call us back and say that ‘hey this is wrong’. Then we asked for
to write a plea and it always came --- then we bunched the two papers (the disturbance form
and the plea) together and filed it” (MA6)
Indeed, before, managers did not call the neighbor, but sent the form directly. Then, the
neighbor called the manager and complained about the notification they had received and these
26

Pasi Ojala

discussions were confined by requesting a plea. Today, calling came into the beginning, which
replaced the direct formal notification of the past. However, the content of the message was still
the same – to notify of the suspected disturbance. Today, when taking the initiative of calling
the neighbor, the managers, assumably, were restricted to request a plea in case the neighbor
had a different opinion. Therefore, the Educator managers confined the neighbor’s perspectives
directly in the phone, which reprimanding was serving. Discussions with the neighbor could be
always returned back to the house rules. Reprimanding was, therefore, an adaptation of the past
operation and the current requirements.
Most of the Educator managers also considered that, in the case the complaining continued
after the reprimand-call, written notification or warning was a second intervention. The
Educator managers explained that they wanted to utilize mediation and refer cases, but that they
also wanted to apply their own means of intervention first. Written notifications or warnings
were often applied prior or alongside of mediation. The following manager described how a
warning was sent to the neighbor, while also referring the case to mediation.
“In the latest case, one had messed up another one’s door, but denied it. He received a
warning and now we follow up the situation --- there is also a long-term dispute in the
background between these gentleman, which I suggested to mediation --- it can be that the
official process goes alongside the mediation process” (MA11)
In conclusion, the Educator managers intervened into conflicts by using reprimanding. In
reprimanding, they asked for the neighbor’s opinion, but continued discussing about the house
rules and the suspected wrong-doing, instead of authentically investigating the perspective.
Most of the managers used written notifications or warnings to proceed with the interventions
and considered these means as inclusive with the referral to mediation.
4.1.2.2. Problem Solvers
Five managers operated from the role named as the Problem Solver. The Problem Solver
managers used calling towards the neighbor, first of all, to investigate perspectives. The
questioning towards the neighbor was authentic in finding out their perspective on the issue, as
one informant explained.
“I call (the neighbor) and tell we have received this information and ask for whether it is
true or what is their perspective on the issue --- The issue can turn upside down when one
discusses with both of the parties, so it is good to remember to investigate it --- and not to take
either one’s side at that point” (MA2)

27

Pasi Ojala

These managers discussed with the neighbor having the aim of delivering information of the
complained issue and gaining information of the possible other perspective on it. By
investigating different perspectives, their approach also aimed for maintaining impartiality, as
the following informant described.
“The first thing I do is that I start to investigate the other party’s perspective, so I call both
of the parties or, if there is more parties, I call everyone --- I try to be quite impartial, I
investigate the big picture” (MA7)
The further steps of the Problem Solvers divided into two. Either the managers generated
solutions, or they actively encouraged the residents’ mutual discussion. When the managers
generated solutions, it was explained as ‘operating in between’, as the following informant
described.
“--- One can investigate them (complaints) and operate in between so that the life would
continue in the building and bigger conflicts could be avoided in the future. --- I could ask for
generally, that is it reasonable to bounce the ball so much in the upstairs, that the sound goes
to downstairs, and ask for if they could go outside playing --- and (to downstairs) say that --one should not go to the staircase to shout and fight” (MA3)
Operating in between encompassed passing information to both sides and trying to come up
with a solution proposal to be suggested. The proposals could be general instructions on
reasonable and fair behavior directed to both sides, as in the example above. In another example,
brought up by the same manager, after investigating the case, the manager had encouraged the
neighbor to show their medical certificate as a proof of their loss of sight to the resident. The
case was about a disturbance experienced by the resident because of the neighbor using an
invataxi to drive in to the yard. The manager thought that, once hearing the reason behind the
behavior, the resident would calm down and the situation would settle.
In addition to encouragements and instructions on reasonable behavior, the nature of these
third party solutions could also be technical. In the cases where certain technical solution was
available, it was often used. These solutions were seen as efficient in their potential capacity to
evaporate the whole conflict. One application concerned conflicts in the laundry facilities, as
one informant explained.
“In buildings with electronic locking system, if there has been a problem with the laundry
times, without asking for anyone, I have resolved the case by ordering limitations of accesses,
so that they (the resident and the neighbor) cannot use the facilities in the wrong times. It has
resolved the conflict immediately without anyone needing to discuss and instruct them“ (MA12)

28

Pasi Ojala

The other strategy of the Problem Solvers was to actively encourage the conflict parties’
mutual discussion. This strategy connected strongly with the referral to mediation. Indeed, the
managers described how the parties were first encouraged towards mutual discussions and, if
solution was not found this way or the parties were not willing to talk with each other, then the
case was referred to mediation. One informant described a straightforward operation.
“In two-sided (conflict situations), I try to get them (the conflict parties) to talk to each other,
but if they do not comply with that, then it goes to mediation” (MA1)
Another said that the information of the mediation was brought up already at the early stage
and the referral was, similarly, straightforward.
“--- if that (directing the conflict parties towards mutual discussions) doesn’t resolve the
case, since I’ve already informed in the first phone calls, that if solution is not found this way,
this will go to mediation, (then) I refer it forward” (MA7)
Some of these managers encouraged only the neighbor towards mutual discussions and some
encouraged both of the parties starting, already, from the resident. The same manager than
above, even explained how they viewed the situations in principle as both-sided.
“I think it has never been only one-sided, I mean, if one is jumping upstairs, then the other
(in downstairs) is hitting the roof with something --- I have instructed both parties in a similar
way to stop (causing disturbance)” (MA7)
This informant was, in fact, using the two strategies of the Problem Solvers, the solution
proposals and the encouragements towards mutual discussions, mixed. This was common for
the other Problem Solver mangers as well. Use of these two intervention strategies mixed or
separately constituted the role of the Problem Solver.
In conclusion, the Problem Solver managers investigated all situations and, either proposed
solutions based on reasonable and fair behavior, or on technical re-arrangements, or encouraged
the residents to discuss mutually to search for solutions. These strategies were implemented
mixed by the Problem Solvers, although some of the managers leaned more towards the solution
proposals and some more towards encouraging the conflict parties’ mutual discussions.
3.1.3 Analyses of Manager Roles
In this chapter, the managers’ roles are analyzed against conflict resolution theories. The
following picture visualizes how the roles presented above divide into two different conflict
resolution approaches with distinct goals.
Table 3
29

Pasi Ojala

Roles of Managers and Conflict Resolution Approaches
Manager Roles
Representative of the
Law
CEO

Conflict Resolution Approach and Method
Rights-based Approach

Goal of the Process
Promotion of Positional
Withdrawal

Reprimand

Caring Leader
Educator

Problem-solving Approach

Promotion of Settlement

Problem Solver
Compromising

3.1.3.1 The Rights-based Approach
As explained in the theory of the study, the rights-based approach basis on the pre-established
rules, against which evaluations are made by an authority. Especially the role of the
Representative of the Law, where the managers evaluated the realness and the rightness of the
complaints requesting the evidence, and the role of the Educator, where the managers applied
reprimanding and evaluated the suspected misbehavior of the neighbor against the house rules,
constitute the principles of the rights-based approach to conflict resolution.
As discussed, the managers’ reprimanding was an adaptation of the past operation, where
the neighbor was directly notified of the suspected disturbance with a letter, and the current
requirements, where the neighbor was to be called and informed about the complaints. When
the managers applied reprimanding, the neighbor often expressed their different opinion against
the claims, which again the managers tried to confine by discussing the rules. When the
managers force their reprimand despite of the neighbor’s defense, the interaction suggests the
neighbor to give up their position of being right. The managers engage with enforcing harmony
by requesting compliance with the rules. The Educator managers’ reprimand, therefore, aims to
resolve the situation by promoting a positional withdrawal of the neighbor. This is the goal of
the rights-based approach as visualized in the Table 3.
As discussed earlier, also the police and other agencies could be approached in neighbor
conflict situations. The aim of the conflict parties was often to strengthen their own positions
of being right. Therefore, in the neighbor conflict situations, where the resident cannot or does
not want to collect other residents’ signatures for the disturbance form, the resident chooses,
assumably, to persuade authorities, centrally also the housing manager, to favor their position
of being right. The manager is tried to be used as to enforce harmony.
30

Pasi Ojala

Indeed, in relation to the resident, the manager, then again, could argue for their position of
neutrality, as the Representative of the Law managers did. These managers hold on the
neutrality requirements of their role, the ability to give neutral sanctions later if needed, and
tried to withdraw from taking action. This can be seen as a positional negotiation situation. The
neutrality argument is these managers’ intermediary and administrative position, which they
strengthen and reason by requesting the evidence. The resident tries to use the manager to
enforce harmony. The resident and the manager, therefore, negotiate about the situation using
the rights-based approach, which aims for enforcing their own positions.
Therefore, on the one hand, the managers’ rights-based approach promotes positional
withdrawal in relation to the neighbor, that they accept the reprimand despite of having different
opinion on the matter and, in the other hand, in relation to the resident, that they accept the
managers’ argument of neutrality. Discussion of the house rules predominates the interaction
when insisting on the evidence and when requesting the correct behavior.
The CEO managers are also included to this group because they asked for the disturbance
form automatically. It is, however, reasonable to acknowledge that, because they took action
anyway, the tone of their request possibly had a less persuading nature. Also, within the role of
the Educator, variation existed in how directly or indirectly the compliance with the rules was
requested. Thus, the group which applied the rights-based approach was not homogenous but,
instead, entailed variation in the ways of operation.
In conclusion, the managers in this group applied the rights-based approach to conflict
resolution. They constituted the majority of the managers in the company – slightly less than
two-thirds of the managers belonged to this group. Facts, rules and legislation formed the
content of the discussions and all actors in their own way – the resident, the neighbor and the
managers – supported this exchange pursuing positional withdrawal.
3.1.3.2 The Problem-solving Approach
When the managers received the non-formal e-mail- and phone call complaints with low
threshold without requesting the evidence, then researched the other perspective to the situation
and either instructed both residents on the reasonable behavior, or alternatively encouraged the
parties to discuss mutually, they reflect a problem-solving approach to conflict resolution. This
approach was applied by the Caring Leader and the Problem Solver managers, who constituted
slightly more than one-third of the managers in the company.
When arguing around reasonability and fairness in behavior, managers search for
compromises-type-of quick solutions to settle the situations. Compromising referred to the
31

Pasi Ojala

fairly simple operation of splitting the requirements or sharing the losses, where neither of the
parties got exactly what they wanted, as discussed in the theory. Indeed, the problem-solving
managers investigated perspectives and suggested quick solutions based on general and
normative aspects of behavior, which refer to the use of compromising method. The residents
were encouraged, for instance, to behave in the reasonable way and not to bounce the ball inside
or to shout at one another. Often the behavioral instructions were directed to both sides.
The managers’ problem-solving approach differs considerably from the rights-based
approach. Although in the both approaches, the conflict parties could be instructed in behavior,
the rights-based approach was based on the rules, whereby, the problem-solving approach is
based on general norms and values, such as what would be reasonable behavior in the situation,
as discussed above. Indeed, none of the Problem Solving managers highlighted the rules when
requesting the behavioral changes. Importantly, the managers in this group authentically
investigated perspectives before applying their intervention strategies.
Whereby the rights-based approach promoted withdrawal of position, the problem-solving
approach promote settlement. In doing compromising, the Problem Solving managers offered
settlement-proposals for the residents and, if the residents were not willing to engage with these
proposals, similarly to judges and their use of compromising in courts, the Problem Solving
managers promoted the referral to mediation as a natural second option. The residents were first
encouraged to engage with the simple solutions and then, if needed, directed to seek more
profound solution with the help of the mediator.
In conclusion, the housing managers divided into two groups: one using the rights-based
approach to conflict resolution, which pursued positional withdrawal of the residents, and
another using the problem-solving approach and the compromising method, which encouraged
settlements. Referrals to mediation actualized from both approaches.
3.1.4 How Mediators Intervene to Conflicts
In this chapter, the company mediators’ operation is shortly described and analyzed. The
mediators’ work was not the focus of this study and, thus, the perspective is limited only to
describe a few aspects of their work, which are relevant for broader analyses later. The ME
code after the quotations in this chapter refers to a mediator.
One of the mediators shared a memory of the case where the resident was complaining about
the disturbing noises of the neighbor. In the first separate discussion with the resident, the
resident argued that the neighbor was behaving against the house rules and requested someone
to tell them the house rules. The mediators told the resident that their task was to operate as
32

Pasi Ojala

impartial mediators in the case. The resident was first frustrated with them and insisted on that
someone from the company, someone with a proper expertise of the rules, would just come to
clarify the common house rules for the neighbor.
Although this rules-telling was denied from the resident, they ultimately agreed to meet the
neighbor in the joint meeting. The joint meeting was arranged, and the case got resolved. One
of the mediators reflected about the key aspects of the discussions and the resolution as follows.
“The neighbor said ‘I work in the pizza delivery and, when I come home from the work, I
need to take a shower before going to bed’, and the resident had told in our separate meeting,
that the neighbor was unemployed --- The narrative of ‘I work in the pizza delivery, once our
baby got sick, and that’s about the noises’ would have been invalidated, if we had started to
instruct that at ten o clock there is the silent time --- I think the appreciation increased, once
she (the resident) got to hear that the neighbor was, for her surprise, employed” (ME2)
This story highlights key aspects of a facilitative mediation, which was the intervention
method of the mediators. The facilitative mediation focuses on facilitating discussions of
parties’ underlying interests. The story above describes how the mediators focused on the
resident’s interests, such as the need for appreciation, even when the resident requested them to
discuss about positions, such as who is right and who should be punished. The mediators
thought that the discussion between the resident and the neighbor enabled a creation of a new
narrative which, otherwise, if rules-telling had been applied, would had been lost. The
mediators also thought that this narrative of employment helped the parties, finally, to settle.
The story also discusses the topic of enhancing willingness for dialogue. The resident’s
preliminary willingness for dialogue with the neighbor was low, but through a motivational
work, they agreed to engage with the process. Pel (2008) states that mediation does not sell
itself, meaning that the dispute parties’ willingness to engage with mediation is preliminary
quite low. Kressel (2014) has stated that getting mediation started is challenging – only
one-third to two-thirds of all interpersonal disputes offered to mediation from courts get started.
Conflict parties’ resistance towards mediation is a sum of multiple factors. Partly their
positional and adversarial mind-set is something natural, as argued in the theory, and belongs
to the mediators’ professionality to overcome. However, partly, it is something which gets
strengthened with an inconsistent hierarchy of conflict management. The aspect of enhancing
willingness for dialogue came visible in the mediators’ reflections, which topic relates centrally
also to the housing managers and the overall efficiency of the conflict management system of
the company, which is discussed in the next chapter.

33

Pasi Ojala

The positions-focused mind-set was also brought up as a separate experience causing more
work and unsustainability of settlements, as one of the mediators described.
“In situations, where one party does not see, no matter how much it is discussed (in the
mediation), any reason to change their thinking, operation or behavior --- one feels oneself
quite powerless there and the mediation agreement might be more unsustainable” (ME4)
When conflict partied are not ready to reflect their own thinking and operation at any level,
their minds are positional. Quek (2013) has stated that parties’ positionality within mediation
might create tension which influences their willingness to continue. Engaging with the
discussion of feelings, needs and interests is then challenging and parties merely stick with
being right, which might lead to the miscarry of the process.
One of the mediators brought up also evaluative aspects. In a conflict about the use of the
laundry facilities, the mediator had experienced a need to inform the conflict parties about the
general laundry rules. Whereby in facilitative mediation the mediator carefully respects parties’
ability to define their thoughts and make decisions, and the mediator is there to support the
discussion, but not to propose solutions, or to offer perspectives, in the evaluative mediation,
the mediator might inform the parties of certain rules, technical issues or such, of which the
mediator possess professional expertise (Pel, 2008). The idea is to not advice but to provide so
called objective criteria against which parties may evaluate their settlement and give so called
informed consent for it (Pel, 2008).
Which ways the mediators informed about the rules could not be studied in this research. It
is assumed that the mediators’ role as the company’s internal mediators aiming for impartiality,
still being the company representatives, influences their choices in the mediation styles.
However, full exploration of the mediators’ operation was not the focus of this study and is left
for further research to explore. In conclusion, the mediators had a strong facilitative awareness,
where they assisted the creation of narratives to access the underlying interests which then
helped the parties to settle, whereby, they still experienced sometimes a need to add evaluative
aspects to their operation.

3.2 The Conflict Management System
3.2.1. Position of Referral

34

Pasi Ojala

The managers’ cooperation with the mediators concerned particularly the referral operation,
which is the starting point for the conflict management system analysis presented in this
chapter. The managers referred cases to mediation and, thus, operated as referrers.
In the following figure, it is described the managers’ different operations and the position of
mediation referrals within them. The referrals to mediation are visualized as silver arrows in
the picture. On the left is the starting point, the arrival of the complaint to the manager, and on
the very right the different variations of the results which occurred based on the different
processes.

Figure 1. The conflict management system and the referrals to mediation. Figure adapted from Fig 1. in Ervasti
(2018).

3.2.2. Mediators’ Experiences of Referral Operation
The mediators experienced that there was variance in the ways how the managers referred cases
to mediation. Some managers referred cases shortly and clearly by having prepared the residents
for the process, as one mediator described.
“Some managers tell very clearly the topic of the conflict and that they have contacted the
parties who also have given their compliance with the process, which makes it a lot easier to
begin with.“ (ME4)
When a clear compliance with the process was prepared by the managers, it was experienced
providing an easier starting point for the mediators. As described before, conflict parties were
not always willing for dialogue but, instead, requested the mediators to tell rules and to sanction

35

Pasi Ojala

the other party. Motivating parties and getting their compliance with the mediation process
required work. Therefore, sharing this task with the managers served the mediators’ needs.
Challenges were several and included, first, time involvement and intensified adversarial
feelings in the residents.
“Sometimes the situation has been going on for so long, people have three years listened to
the music, for example, and endured the situation and then, at certain point, the nerves break
down. At that point they are not willing to engage with the mediation anymore but, instead,
request an immediate eviction” (ME1)
The mediators experienced that sometimes the situations were prolonged which challenged
the task of motivating the residents to engage with mediation. Pel (2008) explains that timely
referral is crucial for successful mediation because time is one factor which escalates conflicts.
Another challenge concerned the use of sanctions. The mediators experienced that, if
approaching after the manager had applied sanctioning, including written notifications, their
approach came very ambivalent.
“If warnings or notifications have been sent, the mediation is not anymore a genuine option,
people are not very receptive anymore” (ME4)
The mediators experienced that written notifications and warnings were a clear message of
the company taking a side in the issue. After such a message, the neighbor was feeling, not only
frustrated, but hurt, as one mediator described.
“I remember one case where the neighbor engaged with the mediation, but was all the time
during the process feeling so hurt about the warning one had received that, in the end, no matter
how we tried to motivate and say that it is history and now we look into future, the mediation
didn’t carry” (ME2)
In addition, the mediators experienced that the managers’ requests of the disturbance form
made their approach appear as awkward.
“Especially in the beginning, we had cases where the manager had said that the resident
needs to fulfill the disturbance form and get witnesses --- and after all this came the referral to
mediation. I mean, one get slightly ridiculed there” (ME4)
As discussed before, in mediation the focus is shifted to future and to the shared interests,
but this reframing is something that the parties need to accept and is done by using questioning.
The mediators’ experiences of being ridiculed when approaching after the requests of the
disturbance form refer to conflict parties’ increased unwillingness to accept the mediators’
approach and their reframing. The mediators’ questioning of interests, for instance, if asking

36

Pasi Ojala

for the impact of the situation on the conflict parties’ life, appeared as awkward, when presented
after the housing managers’ requests of the evidence.
In conclusion, the mediators’ experiences of the challenges in the managers’ referral
operation were the conflict escalation through time involvement and the parties’ increased
unwillingness to accept their approach after the use of sanctioning and the requests of the
evidence. Experiences of the beneficial referral operation included preparing the residents for
the process regarding their compliance and motivation.
3.2.3. Analyses of Conflict Management System
The managers’ rights-based approach, which focuses on the promotion of positional
withdrawal, is interpreted to connect with those negative referral experiences that the mediators
described. The discussion of the evidence and the applied sanctions increases positionality
which, again, causes unwillingness towards dialogue. The mediators’ questioning of interests
appears as awkward when applied after the discussion of rules and the evidence.
In addition, Pel (2008) suggests that formalism in receiving the conflicts might hinder the
conflict diagnosing and cause time-involvement. Most of the managers in this group asked for,
or insisted on, the disturbance form from the resident and this formalism hinders the conflict
diagnosing which, again, prolongs the situations and causes the adversarial mind-set. The CEO
managers reflected difficulties in identifying conflicts from the complaints.
As a result, the mediators need to work longer for the conflict parties to accept their work
and their reframing, which then involves more resources and decreases the efficiency of their
work. The inconsistency in the hierarchy of conflict management is clearly identifiable within
the system where the managers pursue positional withdrawal and refer to mediation from this
setting.
The figure below is a reconstruction of figure 1 presented above. Figure 1 visualized the
different operations in the conflict management system and the positions of the referrals. Figure
2, below, re-visualizes this system based on the understanding of the consistent hierarchy of
conflict management.

37

Pasi Ojala

Figure 2. The conflict management system based on the consistent hierarchy of conflict management. Figure
adapted from Fig. 1 in Ervasti (2018).

In the consistent hierarchy of conflict management, the rights-based management should
come last in the hierarchy of approaches, which several authors discussing the theory of conflict
management system design (CMSD) have confirmed. The rights-based approaches should not
come before the interest-based approaches in the hierarchy, as discussed in the theory.
However, if the settlement promotion and the interests-based approach fails, the rights-based
approach and the related decision making by the authority can be applied as the last means.
This is visualized in Figure 2 having the rights-based approach positioned to the very right as
the ultimate solution. The rights-based approach consists of the managers’ requests for the
evidence, their reprimanding and further sanction procedures.
An arrow in Figure 2 leads also directly to the rights-based approach from the complaint.
Assumably, the nature of some of the complaints, the most severe disturbances, might require
direct sanction procedures. Importantly, however, referral to mediation from the rights-based
approach is inconsistent and non-advisable. This is visualized in Figure 2 as a red dashed line.
Therefore, consideration is required from the manager to apply direct rights-based management,
because returning to the lighter process of mediation causes difficulties in the overall system.
On the contrary, the referral from the problem-solving approach is argued to connect with
the mediators’ positive referral experiences and to entail several advantages. First, when the
conflict parties are encouraged to negotiate with one another, it decreases positionality,
promotes participation and prepares the residents’ compliance with the coming dialogue
processes. Also, through the search for quick solutions in compromising, the promotion of
settlement reframes parties’ mind-set in relation to rules and wrong-doing. Indeed, in
compromising, the interaction lacks the discussion of compliance with rules and, instead,
concerns the compliance with social norms. This reframes the rules-centered positional thinking
of the parties and is a less coercive operation.
38

Pasi Ojala

Silbey and Merry (1986) have argued that compliance with social norms cannot be
demanded but only encouraged. Also, Deci and Ryan (2014) argue that simply when authorities
acknowledge the perspective or feelings of their subordinates, it supports the subordinates even
to internalize regulations that are not inherently interesting. Autonomy-supportive operation in
relationships with power-inequalities is done by taking the subordinate’s perspective as the
fundamental element of the interaction (Deci & Ryan, 2014). Thus, the Problem Solving
managers’ responses were more informative and less demanding and coercive and, therefore,
also supported residents’ autonomy and decision-making.
Thus, the interaction preserves the core value of autonomy also consistent with the
mediation. In case the managers’ promotion of settlement proves unsuccessful to settle, referral
to mediation appears as consistent continuation in the services. This is visualized as a green
referral arrow from the problem-solving approach towards the mediation in Figure 2. The
managers’ compromising can also produce a settlement on its own, as visualized as a dashed
blue line.
The problem-solving approach and the promotion of settlement, thus, support a more
consistent hierarchy of conflict management. In this system, the rights-based approach is not
preliminary to mediation but, instead, the problem-solving with compromising. The discussion
of interests appears as a harmonious continuation of the conflict resolution services when
referring from compromising to facilitative mediation.
3.2.4. Summary of Analyses
The majority of the managers apply the rights-based approach to conflict resolution, which
promotes the positional withdrawal of the conflict parties. Referrals to mediation actualize from
these grounds and the residents who arrive to mediation, when they first receive the
rights-based and then the interest-focused service, experience a sharp contrast in the
approaches. This inconsistent hierarchy of approaches influences adversely these residents’
mind-set and again negatively the mediators’ work.
The other group of the managers applies the problem-solving approach which utilizes the
promotion of settlement process. While aiming for problem solving and settlements, this
approach decreases residents’ positional mind-set and preserves their autonomy. This supports
the consistency of the conflict management system. When residents arrive to mediation from
the managers’ compromising, they are more ready to participate in the joint problem-solving
and to deepen the narratives. Discussion of interests, introduced in the mediation, is a consistent
continuation of the conflict resolution services within this system.
39

Pasi Ojala

4. Discussion
4.1 Summary of Findings
In the study, three roles were recognized with the housing managers in receiving conflicts: the
Representative of the Law, the CEO and the Caring Leader. The Representative of the Law
referred to a high threshold operation where the manager, if receiving an e-mail or a phone call
complaint, requested the official disturbance form as a necessity. These managers experienced
that it was important to highlight the neutrality of their position and, therefore, they requested
concreteness, factuality and the evidence and withdrew from investigating all situations, which
lacked the official form. The CEO referred to a lower threshold where the managers asked for
the disturbance form, but did not insist on it, in order to take action. These managers called the
neighbor despite of whether the form came or not. The Caring Leader referred to an operation
where the disturbance form, in principle, was not requested from the complaining resident and
situations were investigated with a low threshold.
Also, two roles in intervening to conflicts were recognized: the Educator and the Problem
Solver. The Educator referred to an operation where the discussion with the neighbor, whom
the resident had complained about, took the form of a reprimand. The discussion concerned the
common house rules and the manager requested compliance with them. In addition, a written
notification was often applied, if proceeding with the interventions. The Problem Solver,
instead, referred to an operation where the manager investigated the neighbor’s perspective on
the situation, suggested a compromise solution or encouraged conflict parties’ mutual
discussion. Referral to mediation was often the second intervention, when proceeding.
The roles of the Representative of the Law and the Educator, as well as the role of the CEO
to a certain extent, constituted the rights-based approach to conflict management. The
discussion of the evidence and the house rules were the key features of this approach. Applying
this approach, the managers promoted withdrawal of positions. Towards the complaining
resident, the managers argued for their position of neutrality, enforcing the resident to abandon
their requests of the manager taking action in the situation. Towards the neighbor, the managers
enforced harmony with reprimanding and suggested them to abandon their point of view on the
matter. Around two-thirds of the managers operated using this approach to conflict resolution.

40

Pasi Ojala

Slightly more than one-third of the managers, those with the roles of the Caring Leader and
the Problem Solver, implemented the problem-solving approach to conflict resolution. Here all
perspectives to the situation were investigated and quick solutions were encouraged using the
compromising method. For instance, both parties were instructed on reasonable behavior
arguing on general values and norms, such as fairness in neighboring. One compromising
strategy was also to encourage residents’ mutual discussions. These strategies were used mixed.
The mediators applied the interests-based approach to conflict resolution using the method
of facilitative mediation. In applying this method, the mediators deepened the parties’
perspectives, helped the parties to create narratives based on their underlying needs and motives
and assisted to search for solutions. The mediators received the situations from the housing
managers. The housing managers’ approaches and the mediators’ approach functioned
alongside of each other and formed a specific conflict management system.
Primarily, this study reinforces the pre-existing understanding of the hierarchy of conflict
management where the rights-based approaches should be secondary fallback strategies instead
of being the primary ones. When the housing managers received the conflicts using the
rights-based approach, they strengthened residents’ positionality and adversarial mind-set,
prolonged referral to mediation and increased conflict escalation. The residents’ willingness
towards dialogue suffered because of these factors actualizing in the interaction with the
managers preliminary to mediation. On the contrary, when the referral to mediation was
actualized from the managers’ problem-solving approach, the referral was straightforward, the
discussion of the interests could be naturally introduced by the mediators and the residents were
more ready to discuss the possibilities of resolving the situations.
The surprising finding was that, although the mediation service was in use with the managers
and most of them considered referring cases actively, the majority of the managers responded
to conflict situations with the rights-based approach discussing the evidence, the rules and the
threat of sanctions. Only one-third of the managers had started to diminish the discussion of the
evidence and rules and, instead, to search for compromises. Rather widespread non-awareness
existed of the systemic dysfunctionalities of the managers’ operation towards mediation.
However, having said that, only a minority of the managers operated from the pure legislative
role highlighting their neutrality and, instead, a majority had adapted their operation to serve
the cooperation with the mediators. For instance, the CEO managers operated from the middle
ground, when asking for the disturbance form from the complaining resident, but not insisting
on it. Most of the Educator managers, even if relying on the reprimand, called the neighbor,
instead of sending written notifications directly. Also, this reprimanding model of operation
41

Pasi Ojala

was in line with the up-to-date professional instruction of the housing managers and, therefore,
further development should be considered as a groundbreaking work in the field.
Therefore, the interpretation of these findings is that a transition process is evolving within
the role of the housing manager in this company. The transition from a simple legislative
authority role towards a promoter of a settlement and a problem solver has started and is
evolving in different phases with different managers. Some still operate by requesting the
evidence and highlighting their neutrality, while others have found more flexibility to this
aspect, but remain strictly discussing the rules, when intervening in conflicts. Yet, some
managers have actively chosen the problem-solving approach, where they promote settlement
as their primary intervention to neighbor conflict situations. In case their settlement promotion
prove unsuccessful, they refer to mediation. These managers have transitioned from both the
neutrality aspects of the role in relation to the complaining resident and the rules-centeredness
in relation to the neighbor, of whom the resident complains about, when intervening in conflicts.

4.2. Limitations of the Study
The data were collected from a housing company which solely operates in the rental markets.
Therefore, limitations concerning the roles of the housing manager, as well as the conflict
management system design in institutions, may exist. When discussing the applicability of the
results in the field of housing management in apartment house companies, these aspects should
be considered.
The role of the housing manager in apartment house companies differs from the rental
markets in that a specific contract defines the services which the manager provides. When
analyzing the development possibilities of the manager’s role in neighbor conflict situations in
apartment house companies, this aspect of contract-based operation between the residents and
the housing manager needs further discussion and research.
For instance, if the complaining resident, especially if the resident is in a decision-making
position, for instance, a chairman of the board in the apartment house company, approaches the
manager with a request to sanction the neighbor and, if the manager identifies a conflict and
withdraws from sanctioning and reprimanding and, instead, applies the promotion of settlement
processes, a risk emerges that the chairman interprets the situation as disadvantageous for
oneself and the results could be fatal. The risk of the contract being ended and the enterprise
changed is, perhaps, too big for the private housing management providers to start
experimenting the settlement promotion on a large scale.
42

Pasi Ojala

Another issue is that housing management providers in the field of apartment house
companies can be small private enterprises which have fewer possibilities to create internal
conflict management systems. Utilizing an outside mediation agency in neighbor conflict
situations, such as the Community Mediation Centre, is more likely an option for them than
creating an internal system. The company of the study, however, had an internal conflict
management system and, therefore, further study is needed to examine how the managers’
problem-solving approach functions when the company does not have an internal system but,
instead, refers to outside mediation agencies.

4.3. Implications of the Study
The study reinforces the importance of system thinking in achieving successful conflict
management in institutions. A single methodological development, such as introducing
mediation service, has few possibilities of success, if the surrounding operation culture does not
support the logic of the new service. This is the basic argument of the conflict management
system design (CMSD), which in this study is reinforced in the field of housing.
The study adds an idea of a broader problem-solving approach as beneficial for the
authorities operating as referrers to mediation. The managers’ problem-solving approach, which
utilizes the method of compromising and aims for quick solutions, benefits the overall conflict
management system, even if having little in common with the interest-based approaches. A
consistent hierarchy of conflict management is, still, achieved, because the problem-solving
approach does not promote the positional withdrawal of the conflict parties but, instead, settling
the situations. Instead of managers enforcing harmony as intermediaries, the promotion of
settlement with compromising preserves party-autonomy and, therefore, the operation
contributes on preventing further conflict escalation.
Often, the requests for mediation are not direct within the institutional settings, but, instead,
different agencies operating as referrers play a central role in directing conflicts to mediation.
The approach which the referrers apply may influence centrally on the overall conflict
management system, especially if they apply rights-based conflict resolution prior to referral.
Then again, for the referrers, focusing on interests can be an irrelevant or an un-inviting option
partly because of practical questions, such as time and resources, and partly because of specific
role questions, such as the perceived lack of neutrality of the decision-making position. This
kind of role setting is equivalent, at least, to the roles of police, judge, teacher and housing
manager.
43

Pasi Ojala

This study suggests that referrers in such settings can apply a broader problem-solving
approach where methods, such as compromising and evaluative conciliation, become available.
The conflict management system can start from applying compromising by the person with the
decision-making position, then referring it to the interest-based mediation and, lastly if needed,
the case can be returned back to the original authority for the rights-based approach to be applied
as the ultimate solution, if needed. The consistent hierarchy of conflict management is
preserved, even if the compromising method is applied as the primary method.
This is most of all a practical perspective to conflict management system design in
institutions, where authorities are involved with conflicts. An example of a housing company
is used in this study but, as said, applications of this notion may be broad including the police
in the neighborhoods, teachers in schools and judges in courts. Much of a similar work has
already been done in the Finnish courts. In addition, any client-service task where some
administrative personnel receive complaints, disturbances and conflicts and have a possibility
to refer them to mediation – for instance, family counselors working with divorce conflicts –
may benefit from the type of conflict management system design presented in this study.

4.4. Suggestions for Future Research
Further research is needed in the field housing management and conflicts. The study describes
a social climate of housing management in rental markets, which might differ considerably from
the one of apartment houses and, therefore, one research area would concern the field of
apartment house companies. Differences might include broader questions of managers’ roles,
such as how widely the roles found in this study are shared and how many new roles exist within
the housing management in apartment houses. In addition, the same comparisons should be
made with other rental housing companies to gain knowledge of the validity of the findings
concerning the roles. When achieving an established picture of the roles in the field, further
designing of conflict management systems in the field of housing would become genuine.
Also, more specific differences between the field of rental markets and the field of apartment
houses might exist, such as the competitiveness and related risks, as discussed. Further research
would be needed to identify the risks and the possibilities of the promotion of settlements in the
field of apartment houses. In addition, new possibilities might exist, for instance, because the
service is contract-based, the promotion of settlement could be defined as one of the manager’s
tasks in the contract, a service which the apartment house company purchases, and the
background support for the work would be well established.
44

Pasi Ojala

45

Pasi Ojala

References
Attias, M., Ojala, P., & Vuorinen, H. (2019). Tyyppitarinat (case studies). In Attias, M., &
Kangasoja, J. (Eds.). Me ja ne: Välineitä vastakkainasettelujen aikaan. Helsinki: Into
Kustannus Oy
Attias, M., Gellin, J., Kaitonen, L., & Vuorinen, H. (2017). Naapuruussovittelun käsikirja.
Helsinki, Finland: Finnish Refugee Council.
Bercovitch, J., & Jackson, R. D. W. (2009). Conflict resolution in the twenty-first-century:
principles, methods, and approaches. Michigan, US: University of Michigan Press.
Bingham, L. B. (2008). Designing justice: legal institutions and other systems for managing
conflict. Ohio State Journal of Dispute Resolution, 24, 1‒51.
Bonafe-Schmitt, J-P. (2012). Social mediation and school mediation: A process of socialisation.
In Baraldi, C., & Iervese, V. (Eds.). Participation, facilitation and mediation: Children and
young people in their social contexts. Abingdon, UK: Routledge
Charkoudian, L. (2005). A quantitative analysis of the effectiveness of community mediation
in decreasing repeat police calls for service. Conflict Resolution Quarterly, 23, 87‒98.
Christie, N. (1977). Conflicts as property. The British Journal of Criminology, 17, 1‒15.
Community Mediation Centre. (n.d.). The list of the cooperation partners.
https://www.naapuruussovittelu.fi/kiinteistoyhtiot/
Constantino, C. A. (2009). Second generation organizational conflict management systems
design: A practitioner’s perspective on emerging issues. Harvard Negotiation Law Review,
14, 81‒100.
d’Estree, T. P. (2009). Problem-solving approaches. In Bercovitch, J., Kremenyuk, V., &
Zartman, I. W. (Eds.). The SAGE handbook of conflict resolution. London, UK: SAGE
Publications Ltd.
Deci, E. L., & Ryan, R. (2002). Overview of self-determination theory: An organismic
dialectical perspective. In Deci, E. L., & Ryan, R. M. (Eds.). Handbook of selfdetermination research. Rochester, US: University of Rochester Press.
Deci, E. L., & Ryan, R. (2014). The importance of universal psychological needs for
understanding motivation in the workplace. In Gagne, M. (Ed.). The Oxford handbook of
work engagement, motivation, and self-determination theory. New York, US: Oxford
University Press
Ekholm, E., & Salmenkangas, M. (2008). Puhumalla paras: Ratkaisuja arjen etnisiin
konflikteihin. Vaasa, Finland: Ministry of the Interior.
46

Pasi Ojala

Ellickson, R. C. (1994). Order without Law: How neighbors settle disputes. Cambridge, US:
Harvard University Press.
Ervasti, K. (2018). Problem-solving justice in criminal and civil justice in Finland. Utrecht
Law Review, 14, 19‒30.
Ervasti, K., & Salminen, K. (2017). Conflict resolution in the garden of forking paths. In
Rønne, A., Adrian, L., & Nielsen, L. (Ed.). Fred, forsoning og mægling: festskrift til vibeke
vindeløv. København, Denmark: Jurist- og Økonomforbundet.
Fiadjoe, A. (2004). Alternative dispute resolution: A developing world perspective. London,
UK: Cavendish Publishing.
Gellin, M. (2019). Restoratiivinen lähestymistapa ja sovittelu peruskoulukontekstissa. PhD
Thesis. Rovaniemi, Finland: University of Lapland.
https://lauda.ulapland.fi/handle/10024/63950
Haavisto, V. (2002). Court work in transition: An activity-theoretical study of changing work
practices in a Finnish district court. PhD Thesis. Helsinki, Finland: Helsinki University
Press.
Haavisto, V., Bergman-Pyykkönen, M., & Karvinen-Niinikoski, S. (2014). Perheasioiden
sovittelun uudet tuulet: Havaintoja, mallinnuksia ja arvioita FASPER-hankkeen pohjalta.
Helsinki, Finland: Finnish Forum for Mediation.
Hedvall, K., Johansson, M., Kaskinen, T. (2011). Isännöinnin tulevaisuus:
Selvityshenkilöraportti. Helsinki, Finland: Ministry of the Environment.
Hirsijärvi, S., & Hurme, H. (2000). Tutkimushaastattelu: Teemahaastattelun teoria ja
käytäntö. Helsinki, Finland: Helsinki University Press.
Ho-Won, J. (2008). Understanding conflict and conflict Analysis. London, UK: SAGE
Publications Ltd.
Iivari, J. (2010). Oikeutta oikeuden varjossa – restoratiivisen oikeuden tausta ja kehitys. In
Poikela, E. (Ed.). Sovittelu: Ristiriitojen kohtaamisesta konfliktien hallintaan. Jyväskylä,
Finland: PS-kustannus
Isännöinnin ammattilaiset. (2017). Isännöinnin ammattilaiset – kyselytutkimus 2017. Helsinki,
Finland: Kiinteistöalan Koulutussäätiö.
Jagtenberg, R., & Pel, M. (2011). Customized conflict resolution: Court-connected mediation
in the Netherlands 1999-2009. The Judiciary Quarterly. 1‒65.
Joensuu, T., & Rustanius, M. (2011). (Eds). Sopua! Näkökulmia naapuruussovitteluun.
KOTILO-projekti. Helsinki, Finland: Finnish Refugee Council.

47

Pasi Ojala

Kangasluoma, M. (Ed.). (2018). Isännöinnin käsikirja. Helsinki, Finland: Kiinteistöalan
Kustannus.
Karvinen-Niinikoski, S., & Pelli, M. (2010). Perheasioiden sovittelu – riitelykulttuurista
vastuulliseen osallisuuteen. In Poikela, E. (Ed.). Sovittelu: Ristiriitojen kohtaamisesta
konfliktien hallintaan. Jyväskylä, Finland: PS-kustannus
Koskinen, P. (2008). Rikosoikeuden perusteet. Helsinki, Finland: Helsinki University Press.
Kressel, K. (2014). The mediation of conflict: Context, cognition and practice. In Coleman, P.
T., Deutsch, M., & Marcus, E. C. (Eds.). The handbook of conflict resolution: Theory and
practice. San Francisco, CA: Joessy-Bass.
Kyngäs, H. (2019 a). Qualitative research and content analysis. In Kyngäs, H., Mikkonen, K.,
& Kääriäinen, M. (Eds.). The application of content analysis in nursing science research.
Cham, Switzerland: Springer International Publishing AG.
Kyngäs, H. (2019 b). Inductive content analysis. In Kyngäs, H., Mikkonen, K., & Kääriäinen,
M. (Eds.). The application of content analysis in nursing science research. Cham,
Switzerland: Springer International Publishing AG.
Mediation report 2016-2017. Unpublished data of the annual cases of the Community
Mediation Centre. Information achieved from the Community Mediation Centre. Helsinki,
Finland.
Menkel-Meadow, C. (1984). Toward another view of legal negotiation: The structure of
problem solving. Ucla law review, 31, 754‒842.
Pel, M. (2008). Referral to mediation: A practical guide for an effective mediation proposal.
The Hague, Netherlands: Sdu Uitgevers
Poitras, J., & Le Tareau, A. (2008). Dispute resolution patterns and organizational dispute
states. International Journal of Conflict Management, 19, 72‒87.
Quek, D. (2013). Facilitative versus evaluative mediation: is there necessary a dichotomy?
Asian Journal of Mediation, 66, 66‒75.
Rönkä, S. (2005). Puhuttelu rikoskontrollina. Nuoren huumeiden käyttäjän hallinta ja
vastuullistaminen. Master Thesis. Helsinki, Finland: Helsinki University Press.
https://www.nuorisotutkimusseura.fi/images/opinnaytekilpailu/gradu_ronka.pdf
Salmivalli, C., Kärnä, A., & Poskiparta, E. (2010). From peer putdowns to peer support: A
theoretical model and how it translated into a national anti-bullying program. In Jimerson,
S. R., Swearer, S. M., & Espelage, D. L. (Eds.) Handbook of bullying in schools: An
international perspective. New York, US: Routledge.

48

Pasi Ojala

Schreier, M. (2013). Qualitative content analysis. In Flick, U. (Ed.). The SAGE handbook of
qualitative data analysis. London, UK: SAGE Publications Ltd.
Silbey, S. S., & Merry, S. E. (1986). Mediator settlement strategies. Law and Policy, 8, 7‒32.
Skinner, E., & Edge, K. (2002). Self-determination, coping and development. In Deci, E. L.,
& Ryan, R. M. (Eds.). Handbook of self-determination research. Rochester, US:
University of Rochester Press.
Tolvanen, M. (2007). Kriminaalipolitiikka vaativissa rikosasioissa. In
Valtakunnansyyttäjänvirasto (Ed.). Arvot ja periaatteet. Helsinki, Finland: Edita Prima.
Työryhmämietintö. (2003). Tuomioistuinsovittelu. Ministry of Justice. 2003:2
https://julkaisut.valtioneuvosto.fi/handle/10024/75739
Ury, W. L., Brett, J. M., & Goldberg, S. B. (1993). Getting disputes resolved: designing
systems to cut the costs of conflict. 2nd ed. San Francisco, CA: Jossey-Bass.

49

Pasi Ojala

Appendices
Appendix 1. Identification of Manager Roles
Example A of the analysis describes the theme of ”requesting the disturbance form”:
MA10: ”--- in general, we would like to get the disturbance form --- if it (the complaint)
comes by an e-mail, I --- request to do the disturbance form”
MA5: ”--- because that kind of form exists, I want it to be fulfilled and returned --- and then
we can do something --- (however) by calling or sending an e-mail I do check if it (the
disturbance) is justifiable”
MA2: ”--- (discussing about how to respond to the resident who have complained by an
email or a phone call) we just say we have this principle of always contacting (the neighbor)
first by calling. I also inform that if the official form comes, we proceed to the notification ---”
MA10 and MA5 requested the form, whereby, with MA2 the form was discussed as a piece
of information. MA2 contacted the neighbor anyway and returning the form was optional.
Categorization was done based on the factor of requesting the form and, therefore, using content
analysis the theme was coded accordingly: MA10 asks for always, MA5 asks for always, MA2
asks for selectively. As explained in the study, also MA5 investigated situations and, therefore,
their categorization was difficult to perform.
Example B of the analysis describes the theme of ” involvement in conflicts” from the same
informants:
MA10: ”It is not our business, the residents need to be able to handle such situations, it
doesn’t belong to us, it doesn’t belong to the housing”
MA5: ” They do belong to me those situations and then I refer them forward if it is, for
example, about conflict issues --- one needs to figure out the starting point”
MA2: ”Yes they do belong to this manager’s work --- this kind of easier and not so
complicated cases are quite possible to figure out and settle”
MA10 clearly thought that conflicts were residents’ own businesses and did not concern the
manager. MA5 thought that conflicts belonged to the manager up to the point that the initial
investigation was done and, after that, the manager’s task was to refer the cases to the
specialists, the mediators. MA10 thought that promoting settlement in small disagreements
belonged to the manager’s role and was, even, a quite manageable task. Using content analysis,
50

Pasi Ojala

the theme of involvement in conflicts was coded accordingly: MA10 no involvement, MA5
involvement, MA2 involvement. Analysis of this theme further specified the role of the MA5
distincting it from the role of the MA10.
Based on the coding of these two themes, requesting the disturbance form and involvement
in conflicts, MA10 was grouped to the role named as the Representative of the Law (requests
the form always, takes action selectively), MA5 to the role named as the CEO (requests the
form always, takes action always), and MA2 to the role named as the Caring Leader (requests
the form selectively, takes action always). The names originated from the informants’
expressions. The table 1 in the results summarized these categories.

51

