Challenges and Solutions in 5G
Infrastructure Construction
Author: Haocheng Lin
Master’s thesis in computer engineering
Organizations:
Åbo Akademi University, Faculty of Science and
Engineering, Information Technologies
NOKIA S-BELL
Date: 03/02/2021
Supervisors:
Sébastien Lafond from Åbo Akademi University
Kefeng Liu from NOKIA S-BELL

1

Abstract
5G, as a new telecommunication generation, is growing rapidly.
Meanwhile,

problems

occur. All

previous

telecommunication

technology generations (from 1G to 4G) connect humans, but 5G aims
at connecting objects. 5G has three axes: eMBB (enhanced Mobile
Broadband), URLLC (Ultra Reliable Low Latency Communications)
and mMTC (massive Machine Type Communications). Each of them
has related specific use cases. The strict requirements posed by these
targets imply high difficulty in 5G infrastructure deployment which
will be discussed in this thesis. Besides, limited by the laws of physics,
high-frequency waves used by 5G have smaller covering radii, which
necessitate more antennas and more cells that lead to higher energy
consumption. Energy-saving solutions are provided in this thesis for
both hardware and software sides.

Key Words
Telecommunication
5G Infrastructure
5G & IoT
Power Saving

2

Preface
As the deployment of 5G started globally recently, the 5G topic
became one of the most popular topics at the end of the decade. I, as a
computer

engineering

student

who

have

also

studied

telecommunication before, am interested in this topic. I would like to
understand what the challenges in this industry are and how these
problems can be overcome.
I would like to thank Nokia, one of the leaders in the
telecommunication

industry,

which

offers

me

an

internship

opportunity which allows me to gain some insights on this topic. I
would also like to thank Mr. Kefeng Liu from Nokia and Mr.
Sébastien Lafond from Abo Akademi who supported my thesis work.
Besides, Ms. Iris Lindahl-Raittila helped me improve the quality of
the language. This thesis could not have been done without their help.

3

Table of contents

Abstract...........................................................................................................2
Key Words.......................................................................................................2
Preface............................................................................................................ 3
1 Introduction.................................................................................................5
2 Evolution of Telecommunication...............................................................8
2.1 History of Telecommunication........................................................... 8
2.2 From 1G to 5G................................................................................... 10
3 5G Technical Challenges.......................................................................... 13
3.1 Physical Limitations............................................................................14
3.2 Use Cases............................................................................................15
3.2.1 5G and Autonomous Driving.....................................................15
3.2.2 5G and IoT................................................................................... 20
3.3 Indoor Coverage................................................................................32
3.4 Site Disguise....................................................................................... 33
3.5 Conclusion..........................................................................................35
4 Power Saving.............................................................................................36
4.1 Hardware............................................................................................ 37
4.1.1 Cooling........................................................................................ 37
4.1.2 Power supply...............................................................................39
4.1.3 Conclusion...................................................................................43
4.2 Software..............................................................................................44
4.2.1 Problem Description...................................................................44
4.2.2 Solution........................................................................................47
5 Conclusion.................................................................................................58
5.1 Current Challenges of 5G..................................................................58
5.2 Future Challenges of 5G....................................................................60
Bibliography................................................................................................. 62

4

Chapter 1
Introduction
5G technology is one of the most popular concepts in today’s world.
Compared to 4G, 5G uses a higher-frequency band wave. As a result,
5G provides lower latency and higher transmission speed which can
reach 1GB/s. Once 5G penetrates our daily lives, our ways of
productive cooperation may change dramatically. Thanks to the low
latency and high transmission speed, more and more computations can
be done in the cloud, so the computing capacity of our personal
devices will no longer be that important. For example, playing big
games on mobiles can be possible. This may change the whole game
industry. The same logic also applies in other industries. However,
nothing is given without a disadvantage in it. Even in the initial
infrastructure construction phase, 5G already faces many challenges.
The first are physical limitations. Higher-frequency band wave
provides higher speed, but also limits its diffraction. It means it is
more difficult for 5G signals to pass through obstacles. Meanwhile, 5G
signals attenuate fast in the air. These two facts imply that to cover the
same area, more sites are needed for 5G than for 4G. As a result, the
installation and maintenance of these sites will be a huge burden for
operators. More sites also mean more electricity consumption.
Although 5G has way better cost performance than 4G considering the
electricity consumed per bit, 5G sites consume more electricity than
4G sites since many of them are running with a low load which leads
to waste. Before 5G, electric charge covers in average 20% of
operators’ OPEX. If 5G sites work in the same way as 4G sites, which
means they are always on, the electricity consumption will become at
least three times higher than before. This is unacceptable for operators.
5

Thus, saving power is an important subject for operators.
The second are high-end use cases. 5G aims at three subjects: eMBB
(enhanced Mobile Broadband), URLLC (Ultra Reliable Low Latency
Communications)

and

mMTC

(massive

Machine

Type

Communications). Each of them refers to multiple special domains
such as autonomous driving, high definition live and IoT. The
requirements of these domains are strict. 5G should not only be an
enhanced version of 4G but needs to be a revolution upgrade. 5G
needs to improve the performance without sacrificing the reliability,
thus, there are many technical challenges to overcome.
The third is hardware deployment. As indicated above, a large number
of new sites need to be deployed to ensure 5G services. 5G cannot
totally replace previous generations of telecommunication technology
soon, thus, it will coexist with 4G, 3G and even 2G for a long time.
Siting resources are scarce and precious and are mostly occupied by
already built stations. Thus, for macro sites, upgrading existing
stations by combining 5G modules is necessary, but then the limitation
of space and energy supply becomes a problem. In addition, because
of the small coverage radius of 5G, many micro sites need to be
deployed as well, which requires solutions for networking, site
selection and energy supply.
The last are social factors. Unlike enterprises, governments are born to
be risk averters. This is determined by governments’ functions and
organization structure, so we should not blame the governments for
their conservation. Therefore, governments are nearly always cautious
of new technologies, relevant policies are usually introduced tardily
after long periods of investigation and discussion, which objectively
retards the deployment of 5G. To accelerate de deployment of 5G,
enterprises need to supervise and urge the government to make laws,
policies and regulations. Besides, quite a few people, especially those
6

of low education level, are opposed to the construction of base stations.
Although there is no evidence that the radiation of sites is harmful,
they insist that the sites should not be built near where they live and
work, regardless of the fact that this will imply worse signal reception
and more intense radiation released by their phones which will be
more harmful assuming that their worries were true. The danger of
nuclear radiation makes the public overrate the danger of radiation in
their daily lives and, as a result, efforts should be made to either
change the public’s mind or conceal the base stations. It seems to be
unnecessary in a technical sense but it is a real problem to be solved.
In this thesis, we will discuss the challenges above and possible
solutions. We will first go through the evolution of telecommunication
to obtain an overview of 5G. Then, in the theory part, we will discuss
technical challenges including physical limitations, use cases, indoor
coverage and site disguise. Lastly, in the practical part, a power-saving
strategy for base stations will be introduced in detail.

7

Chapter 2
Evolution of Telecommunication
In this chapter, we will discuss some technical issues in the
information transmission domain. We will review the development of
telecom industry and analyze why 5G is so different.

2.1 History of Telecommunication
The world’s development is highly dependent on the revolution of
communication mode. The transmission of information requires a
carrier. In ancient times, the carrier was limited to sound and visual
signal. The longest distance for information transmission was short.
Efforts were then made to prolonge this distance.
Information transfer is always important, especially in wars. Smoke
towers were built to report the state of the enemy ---- visual signals
were used; War drums were used to command the army ---- sound was
used.
These tools augmented the distance and efficiency of information
transfer. This was not only about amplifying signals but was also
about encoding information. In the smoke tower example, the fire
being on means enemies are approaching, no fire means the opposite.
This actually transmits 1 bit of information. As for the war drum,
different commands are encoded into different rhythms. To assure the
correct transmission of commands, redundancy is also taken into
consideration. The war drum can transmit several bits of information,
so multiple commands such as advance, change of formation and
withdrawal can be transmitted to soldiers.
8

In the two examples above, visual signals can be transferred further.
Ancient people may have understood this fact but did not know the
essence. The factor that limits the propagation of sound is that it is a
mechanical wave. The propagation of mechanical wave requires a
medium while light ---- electromagnetic wave does not. This essential
difference results in the fact that today’s telecommunication mode,
especially for long distance, is mainly dependent on electromagnetic
waves.
In the 19th century, the telegram was invented. It made instant ranged
communication possible. Morse code was invented at the same time.
This is an advanced encoding method compared to those mentioned
above. In theory, it can represent any information that we want to
express. As a mature encoding system, Morse code was widely used.
Thanks to its simplicity and popularity, until now, some people are
still using it under certain conditions. When the telegram was just
invented, the sending and receiving of information relied on cables.
Information could only be transmitted between devices that were
connected by wires. As a matter of course, the possibility of wireless
telecommunication became a hot topic for scientists.
Radio communication was then invented around 1900. In the
beginning, Morse code was still used. Then, with the development of
technologies such as FM and AM, more complex signals, such as
sound and image could be transmitted.
In the 1980s, 1G (first-generation mobile communication technology)
appeared. This was the first time that telecommunication was
implemented on a mobile device. In the following 30 years, the
technology evolved fast. From 1G to the on-construction 5G today, we
have made great progress on mobile telecommunication.

9

2.2 From 1G to 5G
1G to 5G are all based on electromagnetic wave communication. The
electromagnetic wave has two main characteristics that are inversely
proportional : frequency and wavelength. They satisfy the function
λ=v/f where λ is the wavelength, v the velocity of propagation of the
wave which is almost the speed of light in the air and f the frequency.
The higher the frequency, the more information it can contain since
more waves are sent per second. Besides, the higher the frequency, the
smaller the wavelength, which leads to higher attenuation rate and
weaker scattering. Visible lights are relatively high frequency
electromagnetic waves; it is difficult for them to pass through
obstacles, so the spectrum used for telecommunication should have
lower frequency than visible lights.
The first-generation mobile communication technology commenced in
the 1980s. Of course, the term 1G did not exist at that time, it was not
until 2G appeared that we called the telecommunication generation
before that 1G. 1G was analogue, so in that era only voice
communication was supported. The quality of voice signals was not
satisfying and, even worse, the content could be easily wiretapped.
Despite these technical limitations, there was not a global standard for
the 1G network. As shown in Figure 2.2-1 below, there was not any
standard between 1G and 2G.

Japan, the Nordic countries, the U.K.,

and the U.S.A all had different standards, which made voice
communication between different countries impossible.

10

Figure 2.2-1: Tree of standards[21].

Compared to 1G, 2G had improved considerably. The signal changed
from analog to digital, and the rustle in phone calls disappeared. In
addition, sending verbal content (SMS) became possible. The most
remarkable difference between 1G and 2G is that 2G was based on a
globally agreed standard: GSM, Global System for Mobile
Communications which was set in 1991. However, the maximum
bandwidth was still quite limited, only 9.6kbps. In the hope of
transmitting more complex data_such as images and videos at an
acceptable rate, a revolution was still needed.
3G was designed for high speed data rates. Although the so-called
“high” speed seems ironic today, it was a great progress at that time.
3G first connected mobile devices and Internet and provided many
other useful services such as video calls and GPS. The spectrum for
3G was at about 2000MHz while that for 2G was at about 900MHz.
4G, which we use the most today, offers a very high data rate. In an
outdoor environment, while 3G provides usually several hundred kbps,
we can easily access several Mbps with 4G. The transmission speed
increases while the tariff decreases; thus, watching videos online using
11

mobiles is no longer an extravagant action. Thanks to 4G, we can now
view web pages, watch videos or live without spending too much time
on loading.
5G aims at high data rate, low latency and more devices. For data rate,
the unit will evolve from Mbps to Gbps. At this data rate, the
transmission time for any common sources can be ignored. When we
download a file, the “downloading” stated will disappear, we will see
that files are fully downloaded instantly. To support this data rate, the
frequency used will be extremely high. The main spectrum for 5G is at
about 3500MHz. There is also another frequency range: 24GHz to
52GHz allocated for 5G. The theoretical 20 Gbps data rate is
calculated from this range. Using the formula mentioned in the
beginning, electromagnetic waves at this frequency have a wavelength
of several millimeters, so we call them millimeter waves. There are
some problems to solve if we want to transmit data using millimeter
waves compared to the waves with bigger wavelength that we used
before. These will be discussed in the next chapter.

12

Chapter 3
5G Technical Challenges
In this chapter, the following question will be discussed: why is 5G so
different? In the last 40 years, we have experienced four different
generations of mobile communication and have experienced
generation changes every decade. But the changes were smooth. We
did not hear many problems that operators met in new infrastructure
construction process, and the new generation topic was never as hot as
today. Although the development of media makes us be more aware of
the news, 5G must also have its particularities which make it different
from the previous generations. These particularities will be discussed
in this chapter.

13

3.1 Physical Limitations
The transmission of electromagnetic waves does not require a medium,
it also means that in an ideal vacuum environment, the transmission of
electromagnetic waves does not have any attenuation. However, the
attenuation exists in the air. According to the book Radio Monitoring:
Problems, Methods and Equipment, the losses L in free spaces can be
calculated by the formula below [23]:
L = 32.45 + 20log(f) +20log(d)
in which:
L = losses in dB
f = frequency in MHz
d = distance in km
The main spectrum for 5G macro sites is about 3.5GHz which is about
1.35 times the frequency of 4G(2.6GHz). According to the formula,
we can calculate that coverage radius of a 5G site will be 1.35 times
smaller than that of a 4G site. For higher frequencies, the coverage
radius will continue to decrease. One 5G site may only be able to
cover a radius of 100 meters. Thus, the number of 5G sites will be
extremely large.

14

3.2 Use Cases
Each time the figure before G changes indicates qualitative change.
With the change of generation, new use cases are invented. 1G
brought voice chat, 2G brought SMS, 3G brought images and 4G
brought videos. We can connect our mobile devices to Internet since
3G. 4G brought higher speed and lower latency, and 5G will bring
ultra-high bandwidth and ultra-low latency. How will this “ultra”
change our lives?
In short, 1G to 4G connect humans and 5G connects objects. In the
visible future, the most important applications of 5G will be IoT and
autonomous driving. Humans are usually not sensitive to the latency
except in certain domains such as e-sports. While watching live or
having a video chat, we can totally tolerate a 1-second delay. On the
contrary, synchronization and real-time monitoring are important for
machines. For autonomous driving, 100-ms latency can be fatal. The
difference in the subject that 4G and 5G serve implies that despite
high data rate and low latency, 5G should also be ultra-reliable.

3.2.1 5G and Autonomous Driving
Today, nearly all automobile manufacturers are developing or
sponsoring autonomous driving technology. Meanwhile, many tech
magnates have also invested considerably in this domain. According
to the SAE standard J3016_201609 updated in 2016, the levels of
automation are from 0 to 5. Now, the commercial vehicle type that
meets the highest-level requirements is Audi A8 which is assessed as
level 3: Conditional Automation. The definition of this level is “the
driving mode-specific performance by an automated driving system of
all aspects of the dynamic driving task with the expectation that the
human driver will respond appropriately to a request to intervene”.
[SAE STANDARD J3016] Audi A8 claims to be able to control the
15

car safely in cities at a speed below 60 km/h. This is so far the only
commercial type that reaches level 3, in addition, there is still a huge
gap between level 3 and how the public understands autonomous
driving, which means the system can control the car in all daily
driving conditions including highways, mountain roads, country roads
etc.. Many media report that 5G will be a key technology for
autonomous driving. This point of view will be discussed in the
following sections. We will go through the core technologies of
autonomous driving and discuss for which of them 5G can be an ideal
solution.

3.2.1.1 Capturing Surroundings Information.
Autonomous cars are equipped with sensors (as shown in Figure
3.2.1.1-1) to capture surroundings information. This information is
necessary for them to interact correctly with the environment. In
today’s situation, not many digital data can be collected while driving,
the autonomous driving is highly dependent on the information
captured by sensors. In this area, 5G has no impact.

Figure 3.2.2.1-1: Autonomous car with sensors.
[https://www.engineering.com/story/18809]

16

3.2.1.2 V2X Communication
V2X is the abbreviation for vehicle to everything. Sensors are not
perfect, furthermore, analyzing the information captured is also a big
issue. Thus, the vehicle needs to connect with all important objects
nearby, including traffic infrastructure and other vehicles. Now, the
5.9GHz spectrum is dedicated to this functionality. Today, “Two V2X
communication approaches are being pursued”, one of them is based
on Wi-Fi and the other is based on 5G standards. [14]
As we are looking forward to full autonomy, V2X is essential. Digital
data are much easier to analyze than other forms of data collected by
the sensors. If all necessary data are collected in digital form,
autonomous driving is like making a racing game which we already
have many of in the market. Considering the importance of V2X,
setting a common standard for it is the first priority. As mentioned
above, there are two approaches: US favors the standards of DSRC
which are based on Wi-Fi, IEEE 802.11p and China uses
Cellular-V2X which is now based on 4G LTE but on 5G in the future.
Europe is now using ITS-G5 which is based on Wi-Fi but is still
hesitating between these two approaches. In Figure 3.2.1.2-1 below,
we can see the difference between these two approaches.

17

Figure 3.2.1.2-1: Technology need for autonomous cars[14].

From the figure we can see that in all three important dimensions:
distance, latency and update frequency, 5G-based C-V2X is better
than Wi-Fi based DSRC and ITS-G5. Thus, there must be another
factor that makes Wi-Fi competitive with 5G in this domain. This
factor is its maturity. Wi-Fi has evolved for more than twenty years
and has been deployed all over the world, however, in the second half
of 2020, the commercial deployment of 5G has just begun. Wi-Fi now
supports medium range communication (from 300m to 1km) and for
fast-moving objects, Wi-Fi also provides reliable services. As for the
latency, Wi-Fi provides shorter than 30ms latency, which is enough
since some time-critical applications only require the latency to be
shorter than 100ms. With the addition of the relatively low
deployment cost, Wi-Fi might be a good option to kick-start
autonomous driving.

18

3.2.1.3 5G’s Role
Many media assert that 5G is one of the key technologies for
autonomous driving, however, we have seen that 5G is not involved in
environment information capturing and is not the only option for V2X
either. Thus, why did we always discuss 5G and autonomous driving
together?
Indeed, 5G is not the only option at the beginning. However, we have
discussed that V2X is essential to autonomous driving. Wi-Fi provides
acceptable performance but still has some problems. The first one is
region switch. Now, when we connect our devices to Wi-Fi, when the
signals are weak, the devices will not automatically connect to a better
Wi-Fi or use 4G to access Internet. The switch is not smooth. The
distance supported by Wi-Fi is 300m to 1km. Thus, for cars, region
switches will be quite frequent. Considering the bad switching
performance, the quality of services cannot be guaranteed. The second
problem is the maximum number of connected objects. Providing
Wi-Fi services for large-scale activities such as concerts and ball
matches is one of the major businesses of certain companies, but the
quality of connection is not always reliable. In the future, we expect
V2X to be fully implemented, which means the density of connected
devices, including cars and traffic infrastructure such as traffic lights,
will be huge. One advantage of 5G is that it can support big density of
connected objects: up to 1 million objects per square kilometer (we
will discuss this subject later in the IoT sub-section). In this sense, 5G
is one of the key technologies for autonomous driving.

19

3.2.2 5G and IoT
The concept IoT (Internet of Things) was proposed about twenty years
ago. In recent years, it was widely discussed by IT industry
practitioners and common people because there was a public opinion
that 5G technology would assist IoT immensely, and the deployment
of 5G could be seen in the near future. However, to date, 5G has not
been widely deployed yet, but there are already many IoT devices
working, such as intelligent electricity/water meters and intelligent
wearable devices. Thus, what is the real relation between IoT and 5G?
How important is 5G’s role in a “real” IoT world?
There is no clear definition of “IoT device”. Thus, I will use my
definition to identify IoT devices and briefly classify them into several
types. The classification method may not be fully objective but can at
least lead to better discussion of how 5G will influence IoT.
In my opinion, IoT device can refer to any device that can process
data, transmit and receive data wirelessly, while Internet connection is
not one of its main functionalities. According to this definition, any
device that can connect to Internet except phone, tablet, laptop,
computer can be considered as IoT device. For an IoT device, we have
several indicators to evaluate its performance: data rate, energy
consumption, reliability and latency. Some devices have no strict
requirements on any of these four aspects (such as air conditioner that
can be controlled remotely by phones), but some have critical
requirements on one or more aspects. For these devices, 5G will be
helpful for their performance since 3GPP (3rd Generation Partnership
Project) defined three major aspects for 5G: eMBB(enhanced Mobile
Broadband), URLLC(Ultra Reliable Low Latency Communications)
and mMTC(massive Machine Type Communications) that correspond
to different characteristics. We will see some examples.
20

3.2.2.1 Low Energy Consumption
Low energy consumption, wide range communication and long
service life are the characteristics for many IoT devices, such as water
meters and environment monitoring sensors. Besides, the number of
such devices is big, which means large density of connected objects.
Thus, we need an LPWAN (low power wide area network) to connect
them. This is what mMTC involves. Some requirements for mMTC
are listed below: [4]


battery life of 10 years



coverage penetration of 164 dB with throughput of 160 bits per
second



coverage density to support of up to a million devices in a square
kilometer

NB-IoT (Narrow band IoT) is one of the solutions for this kind of IoT
devices. 3GPP started to set the standards for it in 2015 and completed
the standards in 2016. On July 9th, 2020, ITU (The International
Telecommunication Union) recognized NB-IoT as a 5G standard[11],
so it is now officially a part of 5G technology.
NB-IoT removes unnecessary protocols to reduce costs. As for the
reliability, it supports re-transmission up to 128 times for the upstream.
On the hardware side, NB-IoT uses a single antenna and only supports
half duplex. Compared to full duplex used in 4G LTE, half duplex
means there is no need to send and receive data at the same time,
which will save much energy. One main difference between this kind
of devices and full duplex devices such as cellphones is that these
devices only send information most of the time and do not need to
receive signals. Thus, DRX (Discontinuous Reception) can be
updated to eDRX (extended DRX). Cellphones are not always trying
to receive signals. When they are idle, they monitor possible signals
21

fitfully to save energy(about once every three seconds).

eDRX

extends this interval from maximum 2.56 seconds to maximum 2.91
hours [20]. It will dramatically reduce the energy consumption of
these

small

IoT

devices.

In

addition,

for

these

ultra-low

power-consuming devices, technologies have been developed to
harvest energy from the surrounding space. “A specialized circuit
converts some of the ambient RF energy into electrical power to
charge

a

battery.”[8]

These

technologies

contribute

to

the

extremely-long battery life.

3.2.2.2 High Data Rate
High data rate mainly involves high definition live stream. The
deployment of 4G has made watching online videos and live from
mobile phones possible. Our daily requirements for videos have been
generally satisfied. However, in some areas, such as security and
protection, higher definition is still required.
Today, we often discuss 4K videos. 4K mainly refers to 4096 * 2160
definition, some other scales such as 3656 × 2664 can also be
considered as 4K. To transfer a 4K definition video in real time, we
need originally a data rate of 4096 * 2160 * 8(8 bits/color) * 3(three
colors) * 60(frames/s) ≈11.9Gbps. With a compression rate of 300 to
1000, we still need about 25Mbps. Although 4G can theoretically
provide 100Mbps, the data rate is usually around 10Mbps in real life.
On the contrary, 5G can support 4K videos much more easily.
4K is the definition of most of the movies that we watch in the
cinemas today. At this definition, we can even see the fur of the
characters in the movie. Figure3.2.2.2-1 below is a surveillance image
of Qingdao train station in 2017. The definition of it is 720p
(1280*720). At this definition, we can recognize some characteristics
22

of passengers: their clothes, their stature, the shape and color of their
belongings, their actions etc. It is already helpful for recognizing
potential thieves and tracking them. However, much manpower is still
needed.

Figure 3.2.2.2-1: A surveillance image of Qingdao train station.
[Sohu]
If the definition augments to 4K, much work can be handled by
machines. At this definition, we can see more details, such as the
facial characteristics and the scars of the passengers. By using the face
recognition technology, the identification of passengers will become
much easier.
Not only in this kind of crowded places will 4K definition be helpful.
5G is a wireless technology, which means the deployment of
application devices is convenient. We can easily equip a drone with a
4K web camera, it can then transfer high quality live stream.
Whenever an emergency occurs, the live report can be much clearer
than before. Thus, 5G will be a breakthrough in the security and live
domain. This is what eMBB involves.

23

3.2.2.3 Low Latency
Low latency is as important as high data rate in 5G. IoT has many
time-critical use cases. Time-critical in most of the time also means
that long latency or packet loss can cause harmful consequences, thus,
these use cases also require high reliability.
In June 2020, Ericsson published an article listing the main
time-critical use cases [2]:





Industrial control
Mobility automation
Remote control
Real-time media

For more detailed use cases, see Figure 3.2.2.3-1 below:

Figure 3.2.2.3-1: Examples of use cases enabled by Critical IoT. [2]

24

3.2.2.3.1 Demonstration of the Low Latency
On Nov 22, 2018, French football club Paris Saint-Germain uploaded
a video on YouTube showing an interesting experiment of 5G latency
powered by Ericsson[22]. In this experiment, players are asked to play
football while wearing a special pair of glasses. The images that the
players will see are the images recorded by the camera on the glasses,
uploaded to the control room and downloaded to be displayed in the
screen in the glasses (see Figure 3.2.2.3.1-1 below). In short, they see
the images delayed for the latency of 5G.

Figure 3.2.2.3.1-1: How video signals propagate in PSG’s experiment of 5G
latency.

The experiment shows that in 5G condition, players’ actions are
correct but in 4G condition they do not manage to save, juggle or even
pass the ball. Although it is obvious that some players’ actions in 4G
condition are exaggerated in the video, we can still trust that in 5G
condition, the latency can be almost ignored even by football players.
Thus, the latency is acceptable in many other time-critical use cases.

25

3.2.2.3.2 How the Low Latency be Implemented
When we discuss the latency in 5G, most often the latency refers to
the air interface delay: the time needed to send and receive data from a
site wirelessly. Once the data enter the core network, they are
transmitted by fiber Thus the transmission speed is theoretically the
velocity of light and cannot be further improved.
The latency (air interface delay) in 4G is theoretically 20ms. The
uplink process takes 12.5ms and the downlink process takes 7.5ms.
Figure 3.2.2.3.2-1 and 3.2.2.3.2-2 below are the signaling chart. Table
3.2.2.3.2-1 and 3.2.2.3.2-2 below show components of the delay. [12]

Figure 3.2.2.3.2-1: Overview of UL transmission delay. Does not include
re-transmissions[12].

26

Table 3.2.2.3.2-1: Typical radio access latency components (Rel. 8/Rel. 9)
for a UL transmission from a UE without a valid uplink grant[12]
Component

Description

Time (ms)

1

Average waiting time for PUCCH (10 ms SR

5/0.5

period/1ms SR period)
2

UE sends Scheduling Request on PUCCH

1

3

eNB decodes Scheduling Request and

3

generates the Scheduling Grant
4

Transmission of Scheduling Grant

1

5

UE Processing Delay (decoding of scheduling

3

grant + L1 encoding of UL data)
6

Transmission of UL data

1

7

Data decoding in eNodeB

3

Total delay [ms]

17/12.5

When an endpoint wants to upload data, it needs firstly to send a
scheduling request. The site will then send a scheduling grant back,
after which the endpoint can upload the data. Scheduling request,
scheduling grant and data all need to be decoded. The decoding
process takes 3ms each. Besides, each single-trip transmission takes
1ms. All of these contribute to the 12.5ms total delay.

Figure 3.2.2.3.2-2: Overview of DL transmission delay. Does not include
re-transmissions[12].
27

Table 3.2.2.3.2-2: Typical radio access latency components (Rel. 8/Rel. 9)
for a DL transmission[12]
Component

Description

Time (ms)

1

processes incoming data

3

2

TTI alignment

0.5

3

Transmission of DL data

1

4

Data decoding in UE

3

Total delay [ms]

7.5

In the downlink process, there is no scheduling grant, thus, the total
delay is shorter than that for uplink.
The final target of 5G URLLC is to systematically reduce the latency
to 1ms.
Improvement in 4G
As shown in the figures and tables above, 4G LTE air interface latency
mainly consists of three parts: Grant acquisition, Transmission time
interval

and

Processing

(re-transmission

ignored).

Since

the

processing time is not highly relevant to wireless communication,
efforts were made on the other two parts.



Grant acquisition

When an endpoint wants to upload data, it firstly needs to demand a
scheduling grant. In the total 12.5ms uplink latency, this part
contributes 8.5ms. This is the time “wasted” before uploading data. To
minimize this part is therefore important.
Before LTE release 14, pre-scheduling was adopted to reduce the
latency. Sites would periodically allocate uploading resources to end
users, so they did not need to request a scheduling grant each time
they wanted to upload data. Disadvantages of this method are evident:
28

no matter whether the end users need to upload data or not, they are
given resources to do so. This will cause waste of wireless
communication resources.
The scheduling method later evolved from pre-scheduling to
semi-static scheduling. The only main difference is that in semi-static
scheduling, the endpoints are not forced to upload padding data when
not wanting to upload data. This measure not only reduced the latency,
but also reduced the energy cost of endpoints.


Diminish transmission time interval

One LTE frame is 10ms. In the beginning, the LTE transmission
interval was one subframe which is 1ms. To diminish the transmission
interval, the subframe needs to be re-divided. One subframe can be
divided into two slots and one slot contains seven signals. Thus, the
minimal scheduling time unit was shortened to
structure can be seen in Figure 3.2.2.3.2-3 below.

t

ms. LTE frame

Figure 3.2.2.3.2-3: LTE frame structure[16].

These are the main measures taken by 4G to reduce the air interface
latency. Meanwhile, processing time had also been reduced thanks to
29

the augmentation of processing capability and some other factors.
Until 2018, in LTE release 15, the theoretical latency had been
reduced to 2.7ms. [LTE release 15]. Reducing the latency to 1ms then
becomes the mission of 5G.

Improvement in 5G


Still shorter time slot

One of the characteristics of 5G is its high frequency. It supports
higher bandwidth and shorter time slot. One subframe designed for 5G
is still 1ms, but the number of slots depends on the actual frequency.
In 4G, the subcarrier spacing is 15kHz and one subframe contains two
slots. When the subcarrier spacing is 30kHz, one subframe will
contain four slots. Since the number of slots is proportional to the
frequency, the shortest time unit is inversely proportional to the
frequency.



Grant free transmission

When it comes to the scheduling grant, 5G inherits the semi-static
scheduling method from 4G to reduce latency. To solve the problem of
wasting wireless communication resources on endpoints that do not
need to upload data, 5G allows sites to allocate resources to a group
of endpoints. In many cases, this will reduce the waste.
Low latency most of the time coexists with high reliability. Besides
reducing latency, we still need to focus on the reliability. Since
problems cannot be totally forecasted, the reliability is generally
assured by re-transmission. The re-transmission mechanism requires
the sender to track the status of the data sent which will evidently
increase the complexity of the system, therefore, balancing latency
and reliability is an issue for 5G.
30



Async HARQ

HARQ is the abbreviation for Hybrid Automatic Repeat Request. It
combines FEC (Forward Error Correction) and ARQ. HARQ was
synchronous in 4G but asynchronous in 5G. Asynchronization means
higher flexibility. 5G also supports preemption scheduling, which
means high priority endpoints can grab the resources allocated to
lower priority endpoints, thanks to what time-critical data can be
processed preferentially.

3.2.2.3.3 Conclusion
The total E2E latency is eventually limited by physical rules: the
speed of transmission of information cannot exceed the speed of light.
In 4G, the real total latency is usually at 100ms level. It seems that the
20ms air latency is not the main part. However, when we reduce the
air latency to 1ms in 5G, reducing the other parts of latency becomes
significant. We can build a more well-structured content distributed
system, push content to edge and eventually reduce the total E2E
latency to below 10ms.
A blink of an eye takes in average 100 to 400ms. The interval between
(the eyes) capturing a visual signal and (the brain) seeing the image is
also approximately 100ms. Therefore, 10ms E2E delay is short
enough and negligible for human beings. The improvement is thus
significant.

31

3.3 Indoor Coverage
5G signals attenuate fast in the air and can be easily blocked by
obstacles. Thus, outdoor sites cannot cover the indoor environment.
Meanwhile, researches show that in 4G era, 80% of the uses happen
indoors and in 5G era, this figure might augment to 90%. Today, 60%
of 4G users are unsatisfied with the indoor coverage. Improve indoor
coverage is an inevitable issue for the 5G deployment.
Ericsson proposes an indoor 5G deployment approach in its white
paper Bringing 5G networks indoors[7]. Figure 3.3-1 below shows
how it works in a standard enterprise environment.

Figure 3.3-1: A deep layer approach in a standard enterprise environment. [7]

As shown in the figure, only the conference room is covered by
mmWave which provides ultra-high throughput, other areas are only
covered by 4G LTE. This figure demonstrates how Ericsson considers
5G: 5G will not replace 4G. They will coexist and complement each
other. 4G LTE meets most of our daily requirements so it will still
work for a long period of time. 5G mmWave has severe physical
limitations and is not easy to be deployed in the complex environment,
thus it should only be used in special places where ultra-high data rate
or ultra-low latency is required.
32

3.4 Site Disguise
The traditional macro site, as shown in Figure 3.4-1 below, is usually
a huge steel tower and is conspicuous. Because of some people’s
stereotype that the radiation released by sites is harmful, this kind of
site is sometimes boycotted by the public. In the 5G deployment,
millions of new sites need to be deployed, so the public’s reaction
must be considered although it is often irrational.

Figure 3.4-1: Traditional macro site. [sohu]
Figures below (Figure 3.4-2,3.4-3,3.4-4) are some disguised sites.
Sites can be disguised as plants or streetlamp outside, and can be
disguised as air conditioner external unit on rooftops. The main idea is
to disguise the sites as common objects in our daily lives. In addition
to avoid the boycott, it also makes the city prettier.

33

Figure 3.4-2: Tree-like site. [baidu]

Figure 3.4-3: Streetlamp-like site. [qdsezm]

Figure 3.4-4: Air conditioner external unit-like site. [21ic]

34

3.5 Conclusion
High frequency is one of the characteristics of 5G. When we discuss
the challenges of 5G, worse diffraction and faster attenuation caused
by higher frequency are the two main physical limitations. These two
factors make 5G coverage harder for both outdoor and indoor
environment.
5G has three main targets: eMBB (enhanced Mobile Broadband),
URLLC (Ultra Reliable Low Latency Communications) and mMTC
(massive Machine Type Communications). mMTC does not require
high data rate thus the coverage problem does not affect it. URLLC
involves time-critical use cases including autonomous-driving. The
requirement of high reliability necessitates redundancy in the sites’
deployment. eMBB is the target that is highly relevant to the high data
rate, thus it is affected by the coverage problem. Since most of the
uses happen indoors, indoor 5G coverage is inevitable. For this, 5G is
not a superior alternative of 4G, on the contrary, 5G and 4G will
complement each other. Only the hottest spots need to and should be
covered by 5G signals.
Besides technical problems, social problems also need to be taken into
consideration. Site disguise strategy is an important issue for
equipment manufacturers. Although disguising sites does not improve
their performance, it is beneficial for long-term development of the
whole society.

35

Chapter 4
Power Saving
As indicated in chapter one, power saving is a big issue in 5G
infrastructure construction. Electric charge has already been an
important part of operators’ OPEX, if it continues to increase rapidly,
it will become a huge burden for operators. Thus, this is an important
item in operators’ control of expenditure. Solutions for reducing base
stations’ power consumption will be introduced in this chapter.

36

4.1 Hardware
4.1.1 Cooling
The cooling system is one of the most important components for a
base station. Although the concrete data vary from different sources,
nearly all sources indicate that cooling is the second most
power-consuming module of a base station and it consumes about
30% of the electricity. Current cooling systems usually use a
traditional air conditioner which is not really efficient. Therefore,
updating the cooling system is a rational direction of reducing the total
energy consumption.

Nokia Liquid Cooling Base Station
In 2018, the world’s first liquid cooling base station started to operate
in Finland for Elisa Oyj [18]. On June 3rd, 2020, Nokia announced that
its liquid cooling stations had helped Elisa save about 30% of their
base stations’ energy expenses. Meanwhile, they had also reduced the
CO2 emission by about 80%[19]. Figure 4.1.1-1 is a screen shot of the
Nokia’s promotional video.

Figure 4.1.1-1: Nokia’s liquid cooling base station[18].
37

The base station has thick cubes of two colors. Blue tubes are for cold
water and red tubes are for hot water. Main modules of the base
station, including AAU and DU, are made compatible for liquid
cooling as shown in Figure 4.1.1-2 below. The module has a special
pipe for water circulation which allows cold water to absorb the heat
generated by the module[25]. Since water’s volumetric heat capacity
is much higher than that of air, liquid cooling is much more efficient
than traditional air cooling system.

Figure 4.1.1-2: Nokia’s liquid cooling module[25].

In addition to higher volumetric heat capacity, liquid cooling has
another advantage that the heat collected can be easily reused. In cold
countries such as Finland, heating is essential. If the site is built on top
of a building, hot water can be easily reused to support the building’s
heating system. The reuse of heat generated helps the site reduce the
CO2 emission by 80% while saving 30% energy.

38

4.1.2 Power supply
Except improving the cooling system, another approach of saving
energy is adopting a better power supply method.
High QoS of base stations relies on sustained and steady energy
supply. In addition to the urban electricity supply (110V/220V AC in
most countries), batteries are also required to cope with emergency
circumstances. In the previous decade, the VRLA (valve regulated
lead–acid) battery was most commonly used. As from 4G to 5G, a
base station’s power rate triples from about 900W to approximately
2700W, to ensure four-hour continuous energy supply in emergency
situations, the battery capacity also needs to be tripled. Since space in
sites is limited, making the battery three times as big as before is not a
good solution.
Fortunately, together with the development of smartphone, electric
bicycle and mobile, the technology of lithium battery has been much
developed. The comparison of these two types of battery can be seen
in Table 4.1.2-1 below.
Table 4.1.2-1: Comparison between VRLA and lithium battery
[Source: GGII]

Type

VRLA

Lithium

Service life

8 years

10 years

Charge-discharge

1000 times

10000 times

Power density

40Wh/kg

180Wh/kg

Price

0.6RMB/Wh

0.8RMB/Wh

Recycle

More than 90%

No recycle

39

The most interesting superiority of lithium battery is its power density:
more than four times higher than that of VRLA battery. It implies that
although the requirement of battery capacity needs to be tripled, by
replacing traditional VRLA batteries by lithium batteries, the power
supply module can become even smaller than before, which
ameliorates the limitation of space.
Considering the price, the price per year seems to be similar. The 90%
recycle rate of VRLA battery only involves the recycle of the material,
so it only has a little impact on the price. Real situation is different
from the theory though. According to Juda -- a Chinese lithium battery
manufacturer -- some characteristics differ from the theoretical value
when involving the power supply of base stations. The lithium battery
has been tested on a real outdoor base station. A 150Ah lithium battery
was used to replace a traditional 200Ah VRLA battery (the
requirement is 100Ah). The lithium battery costed 11400 RMB while
the traditional VRLA battery costed 5040 RMB but had only 1/3 of
lithium battery’s lifetime[13]. According to these data, the lithium
battery was already cheaper than the VRLA battery. In addition, since
the recycle of VRLA batteries is mature, there is great risk that the
VRLA batteries be stolen. Although high recycle rate is a good
characteristic, it augments objectively the cost of a base station.
In short, the lithium battery is almost in all aspects better than the
traditional VRLA battery.

40

Huawei Blade Site
In 2018, Huawei released its Blade Site which got the first prize of
China’s National Science and Technology Progress Award. The
principle of the Blade Site is that all components are “bladed” which
means different modules can be combined and deployed easily and
seamlessly, like Lego bricks (see Figure 4.1.2-1 below). Another
feature of Huawei Blade Site is that it is self-cooling and can bear up
to 55 degree Celsius. Thanks to this feature, Huawei Blade Site does
not require additional cooling system and reduces directly about 40%
of the total base station’s power consumption.

Figure 4.1.2-1: Huawei Blade Site components. [huawei.com]

For the Blade battery specifically, the high temperature resistance
relies on the lithium battery. Although traditional VRLA battery can
work in high temperature environment, its lifetime and capacity will
be influenced. Its standard working temperature is 20-25 degree
Celsius. On the contrary, the lithium battery can work at high
temperatures without sacrificing its performance.
In Table 4.1.2-1 above, we can see that besides power density, another
aspect in which lithium battery performs much better than VRLA
41

battery is the number of times that the battery can be charged and
discharged. The lithium battery’s this index is also stable, not sensitive
to the temperature, which implies that the functionality of the battery
can evolve from backup power supply to secondary power supply. To
be more concrete, since the lithium battery can be charged and
discharged 10,000 times, we can charge it every day at midnight and
discharge it at midday. In this case, we only need to charge and
discharge it 3650 times in 10 years, it is still far from the upper limit.
By doing so, we indirectly save energy since electricity at midnight is
less costly than at peak time, although there will be some waste while
converting energy from one form to another.

42

4.1.3 Conclusion
The cooling system is one of the most power-consuming systems in a
base station, second only to main equipment’s power consumption.
Nokia’s liquid cooling system changes the underlying logic of how
cooling system works. The efficiency of liquid cooling and air cooling
is at different level.
Huawei finds another approach. Instead of reducing the energy
consumption of the cooling system, Huawei finds a solution to remove
the whole cooling system. The reason that traditional base stations
need a cooling system is that the base station equipment, especially
the battery, generates considerable heat but cannot bear high
temperature. In summer, the temperature inside a base station can
easily reach more than fifty degree Celsius, which is unbearable for
many components. By replacing the VRLA battery by the new lithium
battery, the necessity of the cooling system descends. After solving
this main problem, Huawei successfully made the whole base station
resistant to high temperature, which augments the flexibility of
deploying base stations. Besides, the use of lithium battery also
implies changes in the power supply logic.
In conclusion, on the hardware side, improvements in these two
dimensions will significantly reduce the power consumption of base
station.

43

4.2 Software
4.2.1 Problem Description
In 2G/3G/4G era, a site consists mainly of three components: A BBU
(building baseband unit), an RRU (remote radio unit) and antennas.
For 5G, the RRU and antennas are integrated as an AAU (active
antenna unit). As shown in figure 4.2.1-1, based on the assumption
that 5G will coexist with previous generations, a 5G site will consist
of a BBU, an RRU and antennas for 2/3/4G and an AAU for 5G.

Figure 4.2.1-1: Structure of a 5G BTS[10].

The power consumption of the BBU and the AAU is shown in Table
4.2.1-1. We can see that the energy consumed by the BBU is almost
stable, while the energy consumption of the AAU is sensitive to the
load.
44

Table 4.2.1-1: AAU and BBU energy consumption in different loads
[https://baijiahao.baidu.com/s?id=1641199237461491515]
Load(%)

AAU average
energy consumption(W)

BBU average
energy consumption(W)

100

1127.28

293.01

50

892.32

293.01

30

762.43

292.53

20

733.92

293.23

10

699.36

293.41

0

633

293.57

Since the BBU is shared among all generations, it should not be
switched off even when the 5G load is low. When we only consider
the AAU’s energy consumption in different loads, as shown in Figure
4.2.1-2, it appears to be linear with a positive intercept. This means,
turning on fewer cells(AAU) with high loads will be more cost
efficient than turning on more cells with low loads.

Figure 4.2.1-2: 5G BTS AAU energy consumption in different loads.

As a result, turning on as fewer 5G modules as possible is the goal of
the operators in this energy-saving field.

45

Today, several exabytes (1018) of data are generated per month. The
power consumption of base stations is estimated to cost two billion
dollars per year. With the growth of the number of sites in 5G era, the
energy consumption of these sites is expected to cover 20% of the
global energy consumption by 2025[6]. At this volume, any
improvement will be significantly beneficial.
In most cases, 75% of the traffic is supported by 30% of the sites [6].
The uses of wireless communication are highly centralized.
Meanwhile, the traffic presents a periodic change pattern: high at
worktime and low at midnight. This means there is plenty of space to
optimize the operation of sites. According to NBD (National Business
Daily, nbd.com.cn), Luoyang Branch of China Unicom now set all 5G
BTSs to sleep mode from 9pm to 9am every day. In current situation,
this action does not do apparent harm to customer experience since the
number of 5G users is quite limited, in addition, at midnight, 4G+ can
provide similar speed and latency as 5G. Nevertheless, shut down all
5G services is obviously not an ideal long-term policy. Specialists
indicate that actions to save energy need to be dynamic and elastic.
Saving energy without sacrificing user experience will obviously be
the goal. The mesures taken today are kind of too aggressive.

46

4.2.2 Solution
Nokia is developing a power-saving solution for this problem. The
principle is to turn on and off cells/base stations dynamically
according to the predicted load.
For confidentiality reasons, concrete non-public data are concealed.

4.2.2.1 Theory
The load of a base station is associated to the throughput generated by
end mobile users. In most cases, the loads show a periodic pattern
since human activities are regular. Figure 4.2.2.1-1 and Figure
4.2.2.1-2 show the variation of the loads of a base station on Monday
and on Sunday. As shown in these two figures, the variation trend of
loads is highly similar on Monday(weekday) and on Sunday(weekend).
Thus, we can use one single model to match the trend and predict the
load in several minutes according to previous load values.

Figure 4.2.2.1-1: Base station loads on Monday. [15]

47

Figure 4.2.2.1-2: Base station loads on Sunday. [15]

Since the data show one-day-period variation trend, we can use
machine learning methods to train a model to match the trend then
predict future loads based on the model.
After predicting the load of the next time interval, the next step is to
compare the predicted value with the threshold. If the predicted value
is higher than the upper threshold, a new cell needs to be turned on to
assure good service quality; if the predicted value is lower than the
lower threshold, a cell can be turned off to save energy.

48

4.2.2.2 Practical
The main practical part of this solution is to predict the (average) load
of the next cycle (time interval) based on the load values of the
previous day, as shown in Figure 4.2.2.2-1 below.
Predicted load

System
40

Historic load

30
20
One cycle

Time

Figure 4.2.2.2-1: Diagram of load prediction.

Deep learning is an appropriate method to solve this kind of problems.
Several deep learning methods exist while most of them are based on
neural network, including FNN, CNN and RNN etc. In practice, we
used a certain deep learning method to train the model. For
confidentiality reasons, concrete model structure and parameters
cannot be shown in the paper.
The function is initially implemented by using Google’s open source
deep learning framework: tensorflow. For confidentiality reasons, only
a part of the code can be shown.
As we aim at “online training” which means train the model directly
on the board, the programming language used is limited. Tensorflow
mainly provides python support, but python is not compatible with the
board. Thus, we need to implement related functionalities by writing
in C and C++.
49

Although tensorflow provides C APIs, it does not provide related
documentation because of which the implementation in C was difficult.
After several weeks’ research, we eventually found a way to
implement online training[1]. The main steps are:
1. Generate the graph(pb) file (and checkpoint files if needed)
conventionally by using python
2. Name all necessary inputs and outputs. For example:
self.inputs = tf.placeholder("float", [None, self.inputSize], name
= "input")

3. In C file, define a model containing all necessary inputs as variables.
For example:
typedef struct model_t {
TF_Graph* graph;
TF_Session* session;
TF_Status* status;
TF_Output input, target, output;
TF_Operation* init_op, * train_op, * loss_op, * save_op, *
restore_op;
TF_Output checkpoint_file;
} model_t;

4. Fill the inputs with data. For example:
//set input and output dimensions
const int64_t inputDims[] = { BATCH_SIZE, INPUT_SIZE };
const int64_t targetDims[] = { BATCH_SIZE, 1 };
//set input and output size
size_t inputNbytes = BATCH_SIZE * sizeof(float) * INPUT_SIZE;
size_t targetNbytes = BATCH_SIZE * sizeof(float);
//allocate input and output memory
TF_Tensor* inputs_tensor = TF_AllocateTensor(TF_FLOAT, inputDims, 2,
inputNbytes);
TF_Tensor* targets_tensor = TF_AllocateTensor(TF_FLOAT, targetDims,
2, targetNbytes);
50

//fill input and output tensors
memcpy(TF_TensorData(inputs_tensor), train_batch, inputNbytes);
memcpy(TF_TensorData(targets_tensor), target_batch, targetNbytes);
//put input and output into the model
TF_Output inputs[2] = { model->input, model->target };
TF_Tensor* input_values[2] = { inputs_tensor, targets_tensor };

5. Start the session and get the result. For example:
TF_SessionRun(model->session, NULL, inputs, input_values, 2,
outputs, output_values, 1, train_op, 2, NULL, model->status);

The result of C is almost the same as the result of python. This fact
proves the feasibility of working with tensorflow in C. More concrete
result can be found in subsequent sub-sections.

51

4.2.2.3 Control flow
When integrating this power-saving feature to the existed base station
control system, four components: Use case controller, Data engine,
Training engine and Inference engine are mainly involved. The
sequence diagram of the two main functions: training (update model)
and inference are presented below in Figure 4.2.2.3-1 and Figure
4.2.2.3-2.

Figure 4.2.2.3-1: Sequence diagram of training process.

4.2.2.3-2: Sequence diagram of inference process.

52

4.2.2.4 Result
Figure 4.2.2.4-1 below shows the actual loads of a base station for
several days and the loads predicted by python on the computer and
by C on the board. The figure shows that both C and python can
predict the trend correctly and their inference results are highly
coincident, although some sudden peaks cannot be forecasted.
(Concrete data are concealed for confidentiality reasons)

Figure 4.2.2.4-1: Actual load, predicted load by python and by C.

Since the program should not be tested directly on public base stations,
we did tests on an internal base station. After integrating this feature
with the system already installed on the board, we obtained three-day
result below shown in Figure 4.2.2.4-2 (Concrete data concealed for
confidentiality reason). To increase test efficiency, the time interval
was set as five minutes.

53

Figure 4.2.2.4-2: Testing results on the board.

When we do not provide any weights information at the beginning, the
algorithm shows acceptable result even in the first day and starts to
converge in the second day. As the time interval was set as five
minutes which was relatively short, the real converge time will be
longer, but is still acceptable if the program keeps running.
These simulation results show feasibility that the program be future
tested and deployed on real public base stations.

54

4.2.2.5 Discussion
Our auto-scaling method which is based on the predicted load,
compared to the traditional auto-scaling method which is based on the
current load, does not save more energy but has better performance
theoretically assuming that the prediction is accurate. As shown in
Figure 4.2.2.5-1, traditional auto-scaling method always turns on and
off cells one interval later than the appropriate time. Thus, to evaluate
the gain of this feature, not only the amount of energy saved, but also
the variation of the quality of service need to be considered.

Figure 4.2.2.5-1: Difference between auto-scaling method based on
predicted load and current load.

To apply an auto-scaling policy, there must be thresholds. A new cell
will be turned on when the predicted load is higher than the upper
threshold. Since the energy consumption of the AAU is linear to the
load, the upper threshold can be set as 100% in theory if we only
consider the power consumption since high load does not imply high
power-load ratio. As we cannot ensure 100% accuracy of our
prediction, the upper threshold is usually simply set to a certain high
value, 70% for example. However, setting such a fixed threshold has a
problem. This kind of configuration has an implication that 70% is an
“inflection point”: the performance of the base station will drop
dramatically when the load exceeds 70% and remains on a good level
55

when the load is below 70%. There is no evidence that such inflection
point exists.
Therefore, the decision whether to turn on or off a cell should be made
based on the comparison between the energy consumption and the
performance of the base station. The gain of the feature comparing to
the auto-scaling method based on the current load can be calculated by
using the same function in form:
G = f(Esaved, K1,K2,K3…)
Where G is the total gain, Esaved the energy saved and Ki several
KPIs.
Possible KPIs:
1. Latency for time-critical use cases
There are many time-critical use cases for 5G like autonomous driving.
Their use cases are sensitive to the latency. High base station load may
augment the latency for those connections.
2. Packet loss
High load may cause high packet loss rate. This rate can be easily
retrieved.
3. User complaints
For daily use cases, the performance loss cannot be measured
intuitively since in many cases 3MBps data rate and 2MBps data rate
have no apparent difference. Although customer complaints are
usually irrational, the number of user complaints can in some degree
reflect the general user experience.
Possible calculation methods:
1. Convert all to cost.
Power consumption can be easily converted to electric charge;
Increased latency will bring higher risk for accidents which will cause
56

car damage and human injuries, thus increased latency can be
converted to equivalent economic loss; Increased user complaints can
do harm on the operator’s public praise, also necessitates more
customer service people, these can be converted to increased operating
cost for the operator. The evaluation function can sum all these KPIs
to decide whether economically turning on or off a cell is beneficial.
2. Strict requirements.
Sometimes there are strict requirements: the latency must not exceed a
certain limit; a certain minimum data rate must always be ensured etc.
The configuration of the threshold must satisfy these requirements.
In conclusion, the selection of thresholds should consider both
technical factors and social factors. For the upper threshold, the
minimum between those calculated by the two methods above should
be accepted to ensure the reliability or the high cost efficiency.
By following this approach, the threshold varies for different number
of on cells. To be concrete, let the upper threshold be Tmax(i) where i
is the number of cells on, then Tmax(1) is based on the comparison
between one cell with T load and two cells with

T
2

load. In the same

way, Tmax(2) is based on the comparison between two cells with T
and three cells with

2T
3

load. The threshold will also change when

social situation changes, for example the human cost increases or a
stricter requirement for latency is set.
To conclude, the selection of the thresholds is tough work. Many
factors need to be considered to calculate the best thresholds,
meanwhile, these factors especially the social ones like the growth of
the number of customer complaints cannot be easily tested or
predicted in the laboratory. Thus, much work needs to be done when
the feature comes into actual use.
57

Chapter 5
Conclusion
5.1 Current Challenges of 5G
From ancient times to today, the communication method has evolved a
lot, especially recently. In less than fifty years, the telecommunication
technology has developed from 1G to 5G, from analog voice
communication among humans to digital signal communication
among objects.
Great development brings great challenges. We discussed in Chapter 3
that the two most popular specific use cases: autonomous driving and
IoT both have strict requirements. Among 5G’s three axes: eMBB,
URLLC and mMTC, although all of them are important and have
many associated use cases, URLLC (ultra-high reliability and low
latency) which plays an important role in autonomous driving and IoT
industry is the one that necessitates most directly an extreme huge
number of cells to be deployed. Only with high density cell coverage
can 5G in reality ensure both low latency and high reliability. On this
basis, site disguise is also an important challenge in 5G base station
deployment since the public’s false and irrational fear on radiation can
be a great resistance.
Together with the increasing number of base stations, one single 5G
base station also consumes more energy than a 4G base station. In 4G
era, energy cost is already one of the main parts of operators’ OPEX,
in 5G era, if no additional efforts were made, the energy cost would
increase to an unacceptable level. Thus, we discussed in Chapter 4 the
energy-saving solutions for both hardware and software. On the
58

hardware side, more efficient cooling system can be adopted, and the
power supply structure can be adjusted; On the software side, dynamic
auto-scaling algorithm can be deployed to reduce energy waste when
the load is low. With all these measures, the operating costs of base
stations can be reduced to an appropriate level for long-term
operation.

59

5.2 Future Challenges of 5G
Although 5G deployment has started and 5G is already in use in some
regions, on the macro level, 5G is still in an early stage. There is great
uncertainty in the future.
In autonomous driving, 5G is essential to achieve the V2X goal.
However, 5G is not the only element that affects the feasibility of
autonomous driving, the autonomous driving algorithm and other
supporting facilities are important as well. Today’s autonomous
driving algorithm mainly analyzes the information captured by sensors
but implementing V2X is a completely different approach. How and
when it will be implemented are now unknown. We expect 5G
technology to be mature in the future, expect it to ensure 1ms latency
as in theory, however, the reality is usually not perfect. Before 5G and
autonomous driving both become mature, 5G is not the only option for
autonomous driving. This also applies to other industries including
IoT. Before all related technologies including 5G become mature, 5G
is not the only option for that industry.
5G will bring high transmission speed and low latency, nevertheless,
what industry requires that speed and latency and cannot use wired
connection? Although wireless communication is preferable in
outdoor environment, there is no situation found now that demands
ultra-low latency outdoors except autonomous driving. Similarly, high
transmission speed does not seem meaningful for outdoor daily uses.
It is indicated that indoor 5G uses will occupy 80% of the total 5G
uses, however, indoor use cases can be perfectly satisfied by wired
connection and Wi-Fi 6. As shown in Chapter 3.3 Indoor Coverage,
for indoor coverage, Ericsson’s solution is to cover only hot spots like
the conference room by 5G since 5G has low penetrability, Wi-Fi can
do the same. In short, now there is no use case that necessitates 5G.
60

By using a Chinese idiom, 5G is like “chicken rib”: tasteless when
eaten but a pity to throw away.
To conclude, 5G is essential for autonomous driving and IoT when
they both become mature which will take at least five years. Before
that, 5G is replaceable. Thus, in the first several years of 5G, real 5G
use cases, like live for 4G, need to be discovered. If no killing app is
developed soon, 5G risks of not being able to maintain operation since
it has a high operation cost. 5G has a huge advantage compared to
Wi-Fi which is that it has a switching protocol while Wi-Fi does not.
People need to manually switch from one Wi-Fi to another even when
the used one is almost not connectable while 5G does not have this
problem. Thus, 5G can try to integrate the whole networking system.
When the tariff is lowered to a certain level, maybe for daily uses we
will not need wired connection. Instead of connecting to Wi-Fi at
home and in the company, we can connect to 5G all the time. This can
be an evolution direction for 5G.

61

Bibliography
1. Asimshankar. (2019). Training TensorFlow models in C. Github
Gist. Available from:
https://gist.github.com/asimshankar/7c9f8a9b04323e93bb217109d
a8c7ad2
2. Alriksson, F., Boström, L., Sachs, J., Wang, Y.-P. E., & Zaidi, A.
(2020, June 2). Critical IoT for time-critical communications.
Ericsson. Available from:
https://www.ericsson.com/en/reports-and-papers/ericsson-technolo
gy-review/articles/critical-iot-connectivity
3. Bei, W. (2019, March 21). How is the 1ms latency implemented
by 5G? Zhihu. Available from:
https://www.zhihu.com/question/307958274/answer/712266324
4. Blackman, J. (2021, January 26). 5G and Wi-Fi 6 ‘blueprint’ sets
out ‘limitless potential’ in Industry 4.0, smart cities. Enterprise
IoT Insights. Available from:
https://enterpriseiotinsights.com/20191016/channels/fundamentals
/what-is-mmtc-in-5g-nr-and-how-does-it-impact-nb-iot-and-lte-m
5. Bluespace. (2017, July 12). Achieving a 90% reduction in power
consumption for 5G. Available from:
https://www.bluespace-5gppp.eu/news/2017/7/12/g4k9pszqqyi1te
684kt7b1t1dvzm5m
6. Ericsson. (2020, Mars 11). Why we need a new approach to
network energy efficiency. Available from:
https://www.ericsson.com/en/blog/2020/3/5g-network-energy-effic
iency
7. Ericsson. (n.d.). Bringing 5G networks indoors Whitepaper.
Available from:
https://www.ericsson.com/en/reports-and-papers/white-papers/brin
ging-5g-networks-indoors
8. GSMA. (2019, October). 5G, the Internet of Things (IoT) and
62

Wearable Devices. Available from:
https://www.gsma.com/publicpolicy/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/
GSMA-5G-IOT-Wearable-Devices-ENGLISH-Oct-2019.pdf
9. Hardesty, L. (2020, April 3). 5G base stations use a lot more
energy than 4G base stations: MTN. FierceWireless. Available
from:
https://www.fiercewireless.com/tech/5g-base-stations-use-a-lot-mo
re-energy-than-4g-base-stations-says-mtn
10. Huawei. (2019, May). 5G Ultra-Lean Site White Paper. Available
from:
https://www.huawei.com/minisite/5g-ultra-lean-site-2019/pdf_v1.
0/5G-Ultra-Lean-Site-White-Paper_en.pdf
11. Huawei. (2020, July 30). NB-IoT Officially Recognized as a 5G
Standard, Driving IoT Development. Light Reading. Available
from:
https://www.lightreading.com/partner-perspectives-(sponsored-con
tent)/nb-iot-officially-recognized-as-5g-standard-driving-iot-devel
opment/a/d-id/762804
12. John M, Meredith. (2016, June). 3GPP TR 36.881 V14.0.0.
Available from:
https://portal.3gpp.org/desktopmodules/Specifications/Specificatio
nDetails.aspx?specificationId=2901
13. Juda. (2019, July 17). Analysis of how 48V lithium battery be used
in base stations. Available from:
http://www.juda.cn/news/90407.html
14. Kearney. (2020). 5G: a key requirement for autonomous
driving--really? Available from:
https://www.kearney.com/communications-media-technology/artic
le/?/a/5g-a-key-requirement-for-autonomous-driving-really15. Luo, Y. (2019, April). Urban Base Station Traffic Forecasting
Based on Mobile Trajectory. Available from:
https://doi.org/10.12677/CSA.2019.94085
16. Mathworks. (2020). FDD and TDD Duplexing - MATLAB &
63

Simulink. Available from:
https://www.mathworks.com/help/lte/ug/fdd-and-tdd-duplexing.ht
ml
17. Mudian. (2019, April 24). China’s growth in the number of 5G
base stations will promote demands in lithium batteries of higher
than 155GWh capacity. Sohu. Available from:
https://www.sohu.com/a/310068419_100154324
18. Nokia. (2019, May 23). Nokia liquid cooling base station in
Satakuntatalo. YouTube. Available from:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIts74-tq_Y
19. Nokia. (2020, June 3). Nokia and Elisa see sustainability leap in
world-first 5G liquid cooling deployment. Available from:
https://www.nokia.com/about-us/news/releases/2020/06/03/nokiaand-elisa-see-sustainability-leap-in-world-first-5g-liquid-cooling-d
eployment/
20. Guoming, Pang. (2018, October 8). Kill me if you still don’t
understand IoT after reading this blog. CNblogs. Available from:
https://www.cnblogs.com/pangguoming/p/9755916.html
21. Prasad, R. (2014). 5G - 2020 and Beyond (River Publishers Series
in Communications). River Publishers.
22. PSG - Paris Saint-Germain. (2018, November 22). The difference
between 4G and 5G on the field with Thiago Silva, Marco Verratti.
YouTube. Available from:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoRkxtZJzEI
23. Rembovsky, A., Ashikhmin, A., Kozmin, V., & Smolskiy, S. M.
(2012). Radio Monitoring: Problems, Methods and Equipment
(Lecture Notes in Electrical Engineering (43)) (2009th ed.).
Springer.
24. Scharp, M. P., Scharp, M. P., Persson, O., Persson, O., Scharp, M.
P., Scharp, M. P., Persson, O., & Persson, O. (n.d.). Why we need a
new approach to 5G network energy efficiency. Ericsson.
Available from:
https://www.ericsson.com/en/blog/2020/3/5g-network-energy-effic
64

iency
25. Sohu. (2019, June 29). Nokia’s first liquid-cooling base station in
the world, highest power in the industry. STM32. Available from:
https://www.stmcu.org.cn/article/id-335001
26. Zuojingguantian. (2019, June 6). From 1G to 5G. Sohu. Available
from:
https://www.sohu.com/a/318911671_150227318911671_150227

65

