Lasse Ihalainen

Born Global Founder CEOs’ Intention to Early
Internationalization
 a qualitative study on the cognitive antecedents

Master’s Thesis in International Marketing
Supervisor:
Dr. Irene Kujala
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and
Economics
Åbo Akademi University
Åbo 2021

Subject: International Marketing
Author: Lasse Ihalainen
Title: Born Global Founder CEOs’ Intention to Early Internationalization A qualitative study on the cognitive elements
Supervisor: Dr. Irene Kujala
Born global is a phenomenon of “early and rapid internationalization among young,
entrepreneurial firms”. Born global firms are central actors in ecosystems that support
larger enterprises, create radical innovation, and contribute to the development of
national economy by enabling international knowledge transfer. There is an increased
demand for a better understanding of the born global phenomenon as countries have
embraced entrepreneurship as an important economic engine. Despite born globals’
growing importance, our current understanding of their international behaviour
remains incomplete. A better understanding of the determinants of early
internationalization is valuable in order to enhance the early internationalization of
start-ups.
One important facet of internationalization is individuals making strategic decisions,
which are often made by the founder CEO especially in smaller firms. In addition, the
growth of born globals is often championed by the founder CEO. This study
contributes to the growing stream of research on the determinants of early
internationalization by exploring the cognitive antecedents influencing founder
CEOs’ intention to early internationalization. The cognitive elements are studied by
applying the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB), which has shown to be a
promising approach to explore the underlying cognitive foundation of an individual’s
intention to a specific behaviour.
Designed as a qualitative multiple case study, five case companies were studied by
conducting in-depth interviews with their founder CEOs. The case companies are
fast-growing Finnish born globals which have expanded to international markets
within three years of their founding. The content analysis was done by using the
directed content analysis approach and the cognitive elements of an expanded model
of TPB served as pre-set categories for the analysis.
Based on the findings, the founder CEO is indeed in a central role in the early
internationalization of born globals. The findings suggest that founder CEOs’
favourable attitude towards growth, a positive attitude toward risks and challenging
situations, and a positive perceived behavioural control act as cognitive antecedents
to early internationalization. In addition, several other potential cognitive antecedents
were observed and discussed considering the founder CEOs’ role.
Keywords: international entrepreneurship, born global start-up, early
internationalization, cognitive antecedents, theory of planned behaviour
Date: 1.3.2021

Number of pages: 66

TABLE OF CONTENTS
TABLE OF CONTENTS..................................................................................................II
1

2

3

4

INTRODUCTION.....................................................................................................1
1.1

Problem area....................................................................................................3

1.2

Objective and research questions...................................................................4

1.3

Methodology.....................................................................................................5

1.4

Delimitations and limitations..........................................................................6

1.5

Research outline...............................................................................................7

1.6

Definitions........................................................................................................7

LITERATURE REVIEW..........................................................................................9
2.1

Internationalization.........................................................................................9

2.2

Internationalization literature......................................................................10

2.3

International entrepreneurship....................................................................13

2.4

Born Global research....................................................................................15

2.5

Theory of Planned Behaviour and Born Globals.......................................18

METHODOLOGY..................................................................................................24
3.1

Qualitative research method........................................................................24

3.2

Data collection method..................................................................................26

3.3

Sampling.........................................................................................................27

3.4

Data analysis method....................................................................................29

3.5

Validity and reliability..................................................................................30

RESULTS................................................................................................................33
4.1

The role of founder CEO in early internationalization.............................35

4.2

Attitude...........................................................................................................36

4.3

Experience related to the subject.................................................................37

4.4

Knowledge related to the subject.................................................................38

4.5

Perceived behavioural control......................................................................39

4.6

Subjective norm.............................................................................................41

5

DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS...........................................................................43

6

CONCLUSION.......................................................................................................51

7

SUMMARY IN SWEDISH....................................................................................54

REFERENCES................................................................................................................59

APPENDICES.................................................................................................................65

Lasse Ihalainen

1 INTRODUCTION

Internationalization is a phenomenon which is generally well-examined and has been
discussed widely with different viewpoints and perspectives (Sommer 2010). For more
than 50 years, researchers have examined the factors affecting the success of an
internationalization process (see e.g. Johanson & Vahlne 1977; Johanson & Matsson
1988; Håkansson & Snehota 1989; Ahokangas 1998). However, the marketplace is
changing, which constantly calls for new research in order to understand the
international behaviour of companies. Internationalization has been defined in several
ways, but according to Ruzzier, Hisrich and Antoncic (2006: 477), it is simply a
synonym for international expansion of a company’s economic activities over a national
country’s border.
Research on international business and entrepreneurship is increasingly intersecting, as
the marketplace is internationalizing and the entrepreneurial companies’ importance in
the economy grows (McDougall & Oviatt 2000). Due to the nature of markets, many
companies are facing a situation where they cannot operate without paying attention to
the risks and opportunities presented by global competition (Ruzzier et al. 2006). As
enterprises face increasing competition, their growth often depends on international
expansion (Matiusinaite & Sekliuckiene 2015). This has led to a situation where some
companies are expanding their activities over national country’s borders at very early
stages.
Born global is a phenomenon of “early and rapid internationalization among young,
entrepreneurial firms” (Cavusgil & Knight 2015: 3). Such behaviour might be expected
in countries with smaller domestic markets, but born global firms began emerging from
countries with large markets as well (Cavusgil & Knight 2015). Evidence of born global
phenomenon was observed after globalization accelerated in 1980s. At the time when
Cavusgil and Knight began their research on born globals in early 1990s, born globals
were still a novel concept. However, such companies are relatively mainstream today.
In Europe, approximately one-fifth of new enterprises are thought to be born globals
(Cavusgil & Knight 2015).

1

Lasse Ihalainen

In this thesis, born globals will be defined according to Knight & Cavusgil (2004: 124),
who define born globals as “entrepreneurial start-ups that, from or near their founding,
seek to derive a substantial proportion of their revenue from the sale of products in
international markets”. This definition emphasizes that born globals are young
companies that pursues internationalization mainly through exporting as their main
entry mode. It also emphasizes the fact that the start-ups seek to derive a substantial
proportion of their revenue from international markets, and not limiting the behaviour
by the number of markets they have internationalized to or specific percentage of sales
that needs to be derived from international markets. Therefore, it is in line with the
objective of this study.
There is an increased demand for a better understanding of the born global phenomenon
as countries have embraced entrepreneurship as an important economic engine. Born
globals are important contributors to many economies, as they often are central actors in
ecosystems that support larger enterprises (Zander, McDougall-Covin & Rose 2015).
Large and small firms complement each other as multinationals often have better
resources, e.g. market access, to internationalize innovations but small firms can often
be better at creating those innovations (Acs et al. 2001). In addition, born globals are
believed to contribute to the development of national economy by enabling international
knowledge transfer and fostering a country’s reputation as an attractive place for
investment and trade (Cavusgil & Knight 2015). Increased internationalization can lead
to economic growth as companies are able to utilize international markets in addition to
local markets, employ more employees and bring revenue to the country’s economy.
We have now more than two decades of research on firms internationalizing at early
stages, yet much work is still needed (Zander, McDougall-Covin & Rose 2015). In the
field of research, born globals are central to the international entrepreneurship domain.
Cavusgil and Knight were among the first to study born global firm in 2004 when they
provided a framework for the phenomenon in an award-winning article. In 2015, they
did a reflection on the topic and stated that many unresolved research questions still
remain, including the issue of why some firms internationalize early and others late in
their evolution (Cavusgil & Knight 2015). It has been postulated that the sooner a firm
expands internationally, the sooner it will grow more quickly (Autio, Sapienza &
Almeida 2000). This study aims to contribute to these unsolved research questions.

2

Lasse Ihalainen

1.1 Problem area
The higher-level problem area is that earlier internationalization theories (see e.g.
Johanson & Vahlne 1977; Johanson & Matsson 1988; Håkansson & Snehota 1989;
Ahokangas 1998) cannot explain the international behaviour of born globals that we are
observing today. As Cavusgil and Knight (2015: 5) state: “The phenomenon of early
and accelerated internationalization contrasts with the conventional pattern of gradual,
incremental internationalization”. This call for new research has resulted in a growing
interest in born globals during the last few decades. Zander, McDougall-Covin and Rose
(2015) argue that despite born globals growing importance, our understanding of such
international behaviour, how and why these firms implement their internationalization
strategies, and the factors behind their success, remains incomplete. Even if born
globals were one of the first research topics to emerge in the research domain of
international entrepreneurship, little research into the determinants of early
internationalization has been done (Ricard & Saiyed 2015). Thus, more research to
better understand the determinants for early internationalization is needed.
As Cavusgil and Knight (2015) argue, the founding and growth of born global firms are
often championed by founders or managers. One important facet of internationalization
is individuals making strategic decisions (Sommer & Haug 2010). These arguments
highlight the role of founder CEOs (Chief Executive Officer) as individuals in the
process of making a decision of early internationalization. Decision-making processes
have been investigated from a cognitive perspective (eg., Busenitz & Barney 1997;
Haley & Stumpf 1989) where intention models have shown to be a promising avenue.
According to the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB), intentions are influenced by
attitudes, subjective norms and perceived behavioural control (Ajzen 1991; Ajzen 2011;
Kautonen, van Gelderen & Tornikoski 2013). By exploring individuals’ beliefs, we can
gain understanding of the underlying cognitive foundation of the intention to a specific
behaviour. In addition, TPB helps us to explore why people hold these beliefs and what
factors have affected the formation of them. Krueger and Carsrud (1993) were the first
to apply TPB in entrepreneurship, and their encouraging results suggested that the
theory holds great potential for future research. However, only few applications of TPB

3

Lasse Ihalainen

to the internationalization issue exist (see e.g. Sommer 2010; Sommer and Haug 2010;
Pauwels, Patterson, Ruyter & Wetzels 2009; Ricard & Saiyed 2015; Game &
Apfelthaler 2016) and even fewer specifically focusing on early internationalization
among born globals. More research at the individual level, e.g. the role of leaders and
CEOs, has been argued to have the potential to enrich the understanding of a firm’s
internationalization processes (see e.g. Griffith & Cavusgil 2008; Chittoor, Aulakh &
Ray 2017). Furthermore, Sommer (2010) argue that the intersection of international
entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial cognition deserves more attention, as cognitive
approaches have shown to be promising within the field.

1.2 Objective and research questions
The objective of this study is to explore born global founder CEOs’ intention to early
internationalization by focusing on the cognitive elements’ role as antecedents to their
intention. The cognitive elements are studied by applying the Theory of Planned
Behaviour (TPB), which has shown to be a promising approach to explore the
underlying cognitive foundation of an individual’s intention (see e.g. Sommer 2010).
Intention represents the motivation that an individual has to perform a specific
behaviour (Ajzen 1991). As the founder CEO is often a central factor in the
internationalization process of a born global, a better understanding of the cognitive
antecedents of their intention to early internationalization can be used to enhance the
internationalization of start-ups.
This study is among the early research applying the TPB to early internationalization
within born globals. Thus, it contributes to a better understanding of the determinants
behind early internationalization and can be categorized under the research domain of
international entrepreneurship. This study will be focusing on founder CEOs of Finnish
born global start-ups, who have expanded the economic activities of their companies
into international markets within three years of their founding.

The following research aims are reviewed and examined:

4

Lasse Ihalainen

Theoretical research aim is to provide a conceptual understanding of the cognitive
foundation of born global founder CEOs’ intention to early internationalization, and to
motivate its relevance in the research domain of internationalization.
Empirical research aim is to get a better understanding of the cognitive elements
influencing born global founder CEOs’ intention to early internationalization and how
those have influenced the early internationalization of their start-up.
Normative research aim is to identify priority areas within founder CEO’ cognitive
elements that could be supported in order to enhance early internationalization of
Finnish start-ups.
The following research questions will be examined in order to answer the research aims:
Q1: What is the relevance of born global founder CEOs’ cognitive
antecedents to early internationalization?
Q2: What are potential cognitive antecedents influencing born global
founder CEOs’ intention to early internationalization? How do those
factors influence the early internationalization?
Q3: Considering founder CEOs’ role in early internationalization, what are
the most relevant cognitive antecedents that could be supported in order to
enhance early internationalization of Finnish start-ups?

1.3 Methodology
To meet the objective, a qualitative research approach was chosen. The research was
designed applying a multiple-case study strategy. The primary data was collected by
conducting five semi-structured interviews with founder CEOs of Finnish born global
firms. All of the interviewees have been founding or co-founding their firms and are
acting as CEO currently. The case firms are briefly introduced later in the study. The
collected data was analysed using content analysis. An expanded model of TPB
provided the constructs utilized for analysing the data. The methodology chosen for this
study will be further discussed and motivated in the methodology chapter.
5

Lasse Ihalainen

1.4 Delimitations and limitations
As the objective and research questions suggest, this study is delimited to early
internationalization within Finnish born global companies. Internationalization can be
seen as a complex process, suggesting that multiple factors affect it. This study focuses
on the founder CEOs of Finnish born global start-ups, to understand their role in the
early internationalization and the cognitive foundation behind their intention to early
internationalization. The geographic scope is limited to Finnish start-ups. All of the case
companies can be seen as fast-growing start-ups, which should be treated as a
delimitation. Especially in Finland, there is a lot of start-ups that do not strive for such
fast growth.
A research model (figure 3) is used to meet the objective of this study, which limits the
focus of the findings to be relevant to that model. The use of a research model comes
with its own limitations, even if the original Theory of Planned Behaviour has been one
of the most promising models and applied by numerous authors. The Theory of Planned
Behaviour does not e.g. take into account the economical or environmental factors,
which might influence an individual’s intention to the behaviour. Similarly, it does not
address the time between the intention and the actual behaviour. The qualitative
approach chosen for this study sets its own delimitations, which are discussed further in
the methodology chapter. These main limitations were chosen based on
-

the author’s own fields on interest (born globals, internationalization,
entrepreneurship),

-

the limited resources allocated for this study,

-

the fact that traditional internationalization theories cannot explain the
international behaviour of today’s born globals,

-

other authors’ suggestions regarding the potential of applying TPB in
entrepreneurship and internationalization, and

-

the importance of start-ups and internationalization for economies.

The interviews were conducted during July 2020 and therefore, the results might be
affected by factors influencing this specific time period, e.g. the operations of society.

6

Lasse Ihalainen

The number of interviews and the purposive sampling procedure decrease the
generalizability of findings. An assumption is that the interviewees were honest and
truthful as respondents. The reliability and validity will be further discussed in chapter
3.5.

1.5 Research outline
This study is divided into six chapters. The first chapter is an introduction chapter in
which the research background, research objective and questions, methodology, and
delimitations and limitations are presented. The second chapter consists of a literature
review, giving the reader a brief overview of traditional internationalization theories,
proceeding into born global research and the role of founder CEOs, and finally
presenting the research model used in this research. In the third chapter, the
methodology chosen for this study will be discussed and motivated, concluded with a
discussion of the validity and reliability of the research. The fourth chapter presents the
results from the collected data. In chapter five, the analysis of the findings will be
discussed. Chapter six will conclude the study with recommendations and future
research suggestions. Chapter seven is a Swedish summary of the thesis.

1.6 Definitions
Antecedents: This study focuses on five groups of antecedents for early
internationalization: experience, attitude towards the object, perceived behavioural
control, subjective norm, and knowledge. These antecedents were chosen based on an
extended research model of the Theory of Planned Behaviour (figure 3).
Born globals are “entrepreneurial start-ups that, from or near their founding, seek to
derive a substantial proportion of their revenue from the sale of products in international
markets” (Knight & Cavusgil 2004: 124).

7

Lasse Ihalainen

Born global founder CEO is both a founder (or co-founder) and a Chief Executive
Officer of a company that fits the definition of born globals (by Knight & Cavusgil).
Chief Executive Officer is the highest-ranking individual in a company.
Early internationalization is an international expansion of a firm that has started
within three years of their founding, following the time frame proposed by Knight,
Madsen and Servais (2004).
Intention represents the motivation that an individual has to perform a specific
behaviour (Ajzen 1991).
Internationalization has been defined in several ways, but according to Ruzzier,
Hisrich and Antoncic (2006: 477), it is simply a synonym for international expansion of
a company’s economic activities over a national country’s border.
International Entrepreneurship (IE) is “a combination of innovative, proactive, and
risk-seeking behaviour that crosses national borders and is intended to create value in
organizations” (McDougall & Oviatt 2000: 903).
Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB) is a theory proposed by Icek Ajzen (1991) which
states that an individual’s intention to a specific behaviour is shaped by attitude,
subjective norms and perceived behavioural control.

8

Lasse Ihalainen

2 LITERATURE REVIEW

This chapter will provide the reader with a theoretical background and a literature
analysis with the aim of giving theoretical insights on the research subject. The
literature review will begin with briefly introducing the earlier internationalization
theories upon which the more recent literature on international entrepreneurship and
born globals are built. Later in the chapter, the founder CEO’s role and the relevance of
cognitive antecedents will be discussed. Lastly, the research model applied in this study
will be presented.

2.1 Internationalization
In this paper, the concept of internationalization is used according to the definition by
Ruzzier et al. (2006: 477): “Internationalization is a synonym for the geographical
expansion of economic activities over a national country’s border”. Economic
internationalization phenomenon accelerated after the second world war, but the term
has been used already in 1920s (Ruzzier et al. 2006). Internationalization characterizes
today’s business world, meaning that different markets are internationally connected,
and national economies are interdependent of each other (Acs, Morck & Yeung 2001).
This connectivity means that companies can find competitors, suppliers and customers
all over the world (Acs et al. 2001).
As the internationalization of companies has increased and the business landscape has
become more global, research has been done in order to understand the factors behind
these phenomena. According to Acs et al. (2001) most observers agree upon three
forces which are driving the globalization of business. The first one is the explosive
growth in low-cost technology which enables the connection between people and
locations. Availability of better information and communication technologies increases
the awareness and knowledge of economic opportunities abroad. At the same time,
companies are able to divide their production processes more by the use of such
technologies. The steady dismantling of trade barriers is a second driving force behind

9

Lasse Ihalainen

the globalization of business. This has resulted in a more wide-open business field
creating room for innovative companies on the global markets. A third force is the
widespread economic restructuring that started after the fall of socialism in Eastern
Europe and Russia. These areas are becoming new markets and therefore, new
opportunities for investment and growth are opening. (Acs et al. 2001).
Furthermore, a reason for the increasing internationalization of SMEs could lie in
several countries’ interest of boosting economic growth and cutting unemployment by
attempting to increase the international expansion of their companies (Ruzzier et al.
2006).

2.2 Internationalization literature
Initially the focus of research on internationalization was on large companies, but more
recently the internationalization of SMEs has attracted a growing interest (Ruzzier et al.
2006). The traditional theories of internationalization have acted as a basis for research
in the field of SME internationalization and therefore, an understanding of these
theories is important in order to understand the current state of research.
Literature on the internationalization can be divided in different ways, but this paper
follows the categorization by Sommer (2010) presented in figure 1. He divides the
literature

more specifically

than e.g. Andersson (2000), who divides

the

internationalization theory broadly in just two currents: the economic and the process
approaches. In this chapter, a brief introduction will be provided to some of the most
relevant frameworks in each of the field of SME internationalization research. Research
related to entrepreneurship can be subsumed under the international entrepreneurship
theory, which will be discussed more closely in its own chapter, as it is of high
relevance for this paper. International entrepreneurship theory explicitly addresses the
role of the entrepreneur in the internationalization process (Sommer 2010).

10

Lasse Ihalainen

Figure 1. SME internationalization theories (Based on Sommer 2010: 290)

Stage models
A well-known stage model of a company’s internationalization process was proposed
by Johanson and Vahlne (1977) which was based on their empirical research on four
Swedish manufacturers and previous research done in the field of internationalization.
This so-called Uppsala Internationalization Model (figure 2) has its focus both on how a
company gradually acquire, integrate and use the knowledge of foreign markets, and
how a company gradually increase its involvement in the foreign country (Johanson and
Vahlne 1977; 1990). These researchers argue that knowledge about foreign markets and
operations is needed in order to develop a company’s international operations and that
such knowledge can mainly be acquired by operating abroad (Johanson and Vahlne
1977; 1990). According to Johanson and Vahlne (1977), internationalization can be
seen as a product of a series of incremental decisions.

11

Lasse Ihalainen

Network approaches
The network approach model to internationalization was developed by researchers of
the Industrial Marketing and Purchasing (IMP) group, namely Johanson and Matsson
(1988). At that time, earlier internationalization theories had been focusing on a single
company’s perspective on how it develops its international operations autonomously.
The network approach stresses the importance of interactions and relationships a
company has with other actors in its network, underlining that “No business is an
island” (Håkansson & Snehota 1989). Johanson and Matsson (1988) applied the
network approach to the Uppsala Model, which resulted in the network model of
internationalization. According to their model, a company achieves international
expansion through establishing relationships in other countries (international extension),
developing the relationships in those new networks (penetration) and connecting the
networks a company has in different countries (international integration) (Johanson and
Matsson 1988).

Resource based approaches
The resource-based approach on internationalization emerged within the field of
strategic management, basing on the existing models of internationalization (Ruzzier et
al. 2006). This approach has its focus on the unique attributes of a company, which are
seen as “the fundamental drivers of the performance and sustainable competitive
advantage needed for internationalization” (Ruzzier et al. 2006: 486). A company’s
success in the market depends on its advantageous positions regarding the resources that
are relevant for the company, and how the company can gain and defend those positions
(Conner 1991). Besides of emphasizing the importance of intangible knowledge-based
resources, resource-based approaches address also the ability for developing new
resources through organizational learning (Ruzzier et al. 2006). One of the most
promising resource-based models is the model by Ahokangas (1998), which suggests
that key factors in SME internationalization is the development of internal and external
resources, and the adjustment of these resources both within the company and within
other companies in the network.

12

Lasse Ihalainen

Theories focusing on MNE
The “eclectic” or “OLI” paradigm, which was developed by John Dunning (1980), is a
theoretical approach focusing on MNEs. The abbreviation OLI stands for Ownership,
Location and Internationalization, which are suggested to be potential sources of
advantage when a company is deciding of becoming a multinational. This approach
focuses on the need of information of both incentives and attraction for production in
the foreign market, which is then used to evaluate whether or not it is cost-effective.
Dunning’s approach has been a helpful and inspiring framework for studies in foreign
direct investment (FDI). (Dunning 1980).
Many of these earlier explanations asserted that international business is only something
for the large companies with a lot of resources, and which have already thoroughly
established itself in its domestic markets (Cavusgil & Knight 2015). As born global
firms clearly do not follow these patterns, some researchers argue that the phenomenon
of born global cannot be explained by traditional internationalization models. Axinn and
Mathyssens (2002: 436) explored the drawbacks of the traditional internationalization
theories and state that “… existing theory in internationalization is insufficient to
explain the currently observed behaviours of firms in the international business
marketplace”. Cavusgil and Knight (2015) argue that born global firms stand in sharp
contrast to the earlier internationalization theories (e.g. Cavusgil 1980; Johanson &
Vahlne 1977) as the incremental internationalization view cannot explain the rise of
born global firms. As the number of studies among international entrepreneurship has
emerged, it has been shown that today’s companies can be global at early stages (e.g.
McDougall

et

al.

2003;

Kuemmerle

2002). However,

the

above-mentioned

internationalization theories have formed a basis for the emerging research among
international entrepreneurship and born globals.

2.3 International entrepreneurship
International entrepreneurship (IE) as a research domain focuses on “entrepreneurial
aspects of doing business across borders, in the context of both small and large firms”
(Zander, McDougall-Covin & Rose 2015: 27). Cavusgil and Knight (2015: 4) state that

13

Lasse Ihalainen

international entrepreneurship “describes the process of creatively discovering and
exploiting opportunities that lie outside a firm’s domestic markets in pursuit of
competitive advantages”.
When considering the existing internationalization theories, the role of decision-makers
is considered in international entrepreneurship literature (Ruzzier et al. 2006).
McDougall and Oviatt (2000: 903) proposed a nowadays commonly used definition,
which states that: “International entrepreneurship is a combination of innovative,
proactive, and risk-seeking behaviour that crosses national borders and is intended to
create value in organizations”. This definition was formed in 2000, basing on prior
efforts and previous submissions to the forum of international entrepreneurship.
International entrepreneurship is an emerging research area, and the concept evolved in
1990s as academic interest in the topic grew (McDougall & Oviatt 2000). It integrates
the entrepreneurship perspective to internationalization (Ruzzier et al. 2006). Therefore,
the concept of entrepreneur and entrepreneurship will be briefly discussed firstly.
In this paper, the term “founder CEO” is used instead of “entrepreneur”, “decisionmaker”, or “owner-manager”, which are other terms used among research in this
domain. The term entrepreneur seems to be the most widely used, but founder CEO was
chosen as this study focuses specifically on entrepreneurs who are acting in the role of a
CEO and have been founding their company. CEO alone would be insufficient, as many
of the CEOs are acting in that role without being part of founding the company.
According to Andersson (2000), an entrepreneur is an individual who carries out
entrepreneurial actions. These entrepreneurial actions include following qualities:
-

the ability to see new combinations,

-

the will to act and to develop these new combinations,

-

the view that acting in accordance with one’s own vision is more important than
rational calculations,

-

the ability to convince others to invest in entrepreneurial projects, and

-

proper timing. (Andersson 2000: 67).

Stevensson and Jarillo (1990) divide studies on entrepreneurship into three main
categories: how people act, why they act and what happens when they act. The first
question examines how to succeed in entrepreneurship. The second question explores

14

Lasse Ihalainen

with the help of psychological factors why entrepreneurs act. The third question
connects the entrepreneur with processes within a company and explores the effect of
the entrepreneur. This particular study is focuses on the second question: “why
entrepreneurs act?” as it further investigates the role of born global CEOs’ cognitive
antecedents to early internationalization.
Entrepreneurs’ role in the internationalization process has been studied by several
researchers in different settings. According to a framework proposed by Andersson
(2000), the entrepreneur is in a central role in the internationalization as the process will
not start without entrepreneur wanting and triggering the process. Alvarez and Busenitz
(2001: 755) applied the resource-based theory on an individual level, and state that
“Entrepreneurs have individual-specific resources that facilitate the recognition of new
opportunities and the assembling of resources for the venture”. These individual
resources, e.g., relationships, entrepreneurial knowledge, ability to coordinate resources,
add value to the company as such resources cannot be simply created nor easily imitated
(Ruzzier et al. 2006). Sommer (2010) highlights decision-makers’ role by stating that
analysing the factors preventing SME from international business should deal with the
decision-makers who are behind the corresponding decisions. SME’s decisions made in
strategic fields such as internationalization are very often handled by one single
decision-maker; the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) (Westerberg et al. 1997). With
regard to international activities of SMEs, the CEO is widely recognized as a crucial
factor and one of the main variables (see e.g., Miesenbock 1988; Bell et al. 2003). Saeed
and Ziaulhaq (2018) studied the impact of CEOs’ demographic characteristics on the
internationalization of SMEs and argue that CEOs’ political connections and
educational level positively relate to firm internationalization, while age might
negatively influence it. These findings suggest that the CEO indeed is in a central role in
the internationalization process.

2.4 Born Global research
Born Global research can be subsumed under the research domain of International
Entrepreneurship. It will be briefly discussed in its own chapter as it is of high relevance
for this study.
15

Lasse Ihalainen

Studies focusing on early internationalized firms have used different concepts, e.g.
International new ventures (e.g. McDougall et al. 1994), Born Globals (e.g. Moen 2002;
Cavusgil & Knight 2004), Global-Start-ups (e.g. Oviatt & McDougall 1994) and Instant
exporters (e.g. McAuley 1999). Out of these alternatives born globals is probably the
most common concept (Andersson & Evangelista 2006) and therefore, it will be used in
this study. As can be seen in figure 1, born global research can be categorized under the
research domain of international entrepreneurship. Knight and Cavusgil (2004: 124)
define born globals as “entrepreneurial start-ups that, from or near their founding, seek
to derive a substantial proportion of their revenue from the sale of products in
international markets”. Early internationalization within such companies has been
defined with different time frames. In this study, early internationalizers will be defined
according to Knight, Madsen and Servais (2004), who define them as firms that start
international expansion within three years of their founding.
Evidence of the born global phenomenon was observed after the globalization
accelerated in 1980s. At the time when Cavusgil and Knight began their research on
born globals in the early 1990s, born globals were still a novel concept. Their
conceptualization of born global firms emphasized companies that soon after their
founding made a significant portion of their revenue from sales outside their domestic
market. The rise of born globals has been facilitated by technological advances,
affordable and efficient logistics, increasingly homogenous global demand, and
widening networks of suppliers and customers. What often characterizes born global
firms is that although they have limited tangible resources, they are usually endowed
with great intangible resources and they appear adept at allocating their resources. Due
to limited tangible resources, born global firms usually tend to choose exporting as the
primary entry mode to international markets. Typically, the growth of born global firms
is championed by founders or managers with distinctive entrepreneurial prowess.
(Cavusgil & Knight 2015).
Even if the antecedents of early internationalization among born globals have received
some attention, they still remain a subject of debate among scholars (Cavusgil & Knight
2015; Ciravegna, Kuivalainen & Lopez 2018). Irrespective of the contextual sitatution,
it is suggested that certain motives, such as the desire to achieve extra sales, reducing
home market dependence, and unsolicited orders might encourage small firms to

16

Lasse Ihalainen

internationalize (Leonidou, Katsikeas, Palihawadana & Spyropoulou 2007). According
to Cavusgil and Knight (2015), the entrepreneurial motives, such as risk taking, and the
fundamental international orientation are commonly seen as key factors behind early
internationalization. Some authors argue that external factors such as the availability of
opportunities

abroad

and

the

domestic

market

size

help

explain

early

internationalization (Dimitrators, Liuokas & Carter 2004; Fan & Phan 2007).
Baronchelli and Cassia (2014) argue that product innovation, market knowledge and
operating in a niche market might increase early internationalization. Scholars
approaching the issue from the entrepreneurship literature highlight the internal factors’
role in shaping firm-level decisions regarding e.g. internationalization (see e.g. Sommer
& Haug 2010). Ciravegna et al. (2018) studied attitudinal elements role in early
internationalization and concluded that becoming an early internationalizer is often a
combination of reasons rather than one specific attitudinal element alone.
The importance of the entrepreneur or the CEO and entrepreneurial behaviour is
probably the most common denominators regarding to research among Born Globals
(Andersson & Evangelista 2006). Existing research within Born Global entrepreneurs
and entrepreneurial behaviour has focused on e.g., the networks of entrepreneurs
(Freeman et al. 2006), entrepreneurial behaviour of companies (McDougall & Oviatt
2000) and the characteristics of entrepreneurs (Gartner 1988). According to Andersson
& Evangelista (2006), the individual entrepreneur of a Born Global is not studied in
depth as the majority of research has been on entrepreneurial behaviour on company
level. In addition, Ricard and Saiyed (2015) state that there is little research into
determinants of early internationalization.
Many of the most prominent firms have been or are still being run by founder CEOs,
such as Facebook, Amazon and Google. According to Gavetti (2012), founder CEOs are
often characterized with the ability to not only identify strategic opportunities, but
additionally they can act on, legitimize, and realize such opportunities. During the latest
decades, researchers have tried to understand how the firm-level decisions and
outcomes might be affected by the fact that it is being run by founder CEOs instead of
agent CEOs. Studies have been made e.g., regarding its effects on financial performance
(Fahlenbrach 2009) and investment decisions (Souder, Simsek, & Johnson 2012). One
of the most interesting findings has been regarding founder CEOs risk tolerance.

17

Lasse Ihalainen

Eisenmann (2002) and later Tang, Li, and Liu (2015) studied how founder CEO status
affect firm risk taking and found out that founder CEOs tend to be more risk tolerant
than agent CEOs. As Souder et al. (2012: 24) state, founder CEOs “differ substantially
from agents for the knowledge, values, and attitudes they bring to bear in managing the
firm”. Chittoor, et al. (2019) examined the influence of owner CEOs in firm
internationalization and propose that firms with owner CEOs are likely to engage more
in internationalization as compared to agent CEOs. The founders behind born global
firms tend to view the whole world as their marketplace (Cavusgil & Knight 2015). As
the behavioural strategy suggests, “superior opportunities tend to be cognitively distant,
and critical sources of superior performance lie in strategic leaders’ superior ability to
overcome the behavioural bounds that make it hard for the average firm to pursue”
(Gavetti 2012: 269). Based on these findings, it can be assumed that founder CEOs’
cognitive foundation might indeed play an important role on strategic decisions such as
early internationalization.

2.5 Theory of Planned Behaviour and Born Globals
The decision-making processes have been investigated from a cognitive perspective
(eg., Busenitz & Barney 1997; Haley & Stumpf 1989) where intention models have
shown to be a promising avenue. Even if many authors have suggested that a cognitive
lens would likely extend the understanding of internationalization, cognitive factors
have not received much attention (Sommer & Haug 2010). One of the most promising
cognitive approaches is Ajzen’s (1991) Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB), in which
intentions are used as a linkage between predictors of intentions and behaviour. TPB is
based on Fishbein and Ajzen’s theory of reasoned action (TRA) from 1975. Intention
represents the motivation that an individual has to perform a specific behaviour (Ajzen
1991). The relationship between intentions and specific target behaviours has been
studied in many disciplines and according to Sommer & Haug (2010: 116), intentions
are said to be “the proximal cognitive state that is temporally and causally next to the
intended behaviour”.
TPB (figure 2) suggests that the three major predictors of intentions are attitudes
towards the behaviour, subjective norm and perceived behavioural control. The model
18

Lasse Ihalainen

has been successfully applied in many different contexts, Krueger and Carsrud (1993)
being among the first ones to apply TPB in entrepreneurship. Their encouraging results
suggested that the theory holds great potential for entrepreneurship research, which has
led to several researchers applying TPB to explain problems within entrepreneurship
(Sommer & Haug 2010). However, only few applications of TPB to the
internationalization issue exist (see e.g., Sommer 2010; Ricard & Saiyed 2015).

Figure 2. Theory of Planned Behaviour (Source: Ajzen 1991: 182).

Sommer and Haug (2010) applied TPB in order to study SME owner-managers’
predictors of intentions to “actively participate in the race for new markets” and their
study showed that TPB indeed is applicable to the internationalization field. Due to the
complicated and highly dynamic nature of internationalization, Sommer and Haug
added two additional predictors of intentions to the TPB model: experience and
knowledge. These new elements stem from research made in the field of international
entrepreneurship. Attitudinal elements proved to have significant predictive power with
19

Lasse Ihalainen

regard to owner-managers’ intention to behave as an international entrepreneur. In
addition to this, the study showed that perceived behavioural control (entrepreneur’s
perception of their ability to perform a given behaviour), knowledge, and experiences
with the object of attitude proved to have a major impact. As the additional elements to
TPB, international experience and knowledge, proved to have a positive correlation
with the intention to “actively participate in the race for new markets”, they will be
included in this study. The research model by Sommer and Haug is presented in figure
3, after which each predictor of intention will be briefly discussed. (Sommer & Haug
2010).

Figure 3. Sommer & Haug’s research model based on TPB. (Source: Sommer & Haug 2010: 124)

20

Lasse Ihalainen

Experience
Experience can be understood as “a person’s observation of and/or interaction with
objects, entities, and/or events in her/his environment” (Lombard and Synder-Duch
2001, cited in Sommer & Haug 2010). Sommer & Haug’s research model suggests that
the experiences of an individual not only have a direct effect on intentions but also a
moderating effect on attitudes, subjective norm and PCB. The influence of experience
has been studied in different contexts and e.g. a study by Magnusson and Boggs (2006)
showed that there is a positive correlation between CEO’s international experience and
foreign sales. Arte (2017) studied the role of experience in early internationalization of
Indian new ventures and the findings suggest that the entrepreneur’s experience is an
essential resource but in an indirect way. He argues that knowledge is accumulated by
experiences, which then leads to the motivation to internationalize. Zucchella, Palamara,
and Denicolai (2007) studied the drivers of early internationalization by analysing 144
SMEs and argue that entrepreneur’s experience, and especially international experience,
was found positively influencing the early internationalization. These findings suggest
that experience indeed might influence the intention.

Attitude towards the behaviour
Several studies in the field have made the case that attitudes indeed play an important
role as a predictor of intention and thus, they are probably the least criticized element of
TPB (Sommer & Haug 2010). The complex nature of attitudes in internationalization
context has been emphasized, as international entrepreneurship is a complex behaviour.
This means that attitude toward internationalization might refer to different facets.
McDougall and Oviatt (2000) for example highlight the importance of risk seeking in
international entrepreneurship, which suggests that attitude toward risk might be
relevant. This may also be the case with attitude toward foreign partners, as these
relationships are an entrepreneurial resource (Barney et al. 2001). Ricard and Saiyed
(2015) studied the link between decision-makers attitudes toward internationalization
and early internationalization by applying TPB and found out that decision makers who
are most favourable toward internationalization decide to internationalize earlier than
others. These findings suggest that the overall attitude in this study’s context is a

21

Lasse Ihalainen

combination of attitudes to different objects related to early internationalization. Hence,
several attitudinal elements might play a role.

Subjective norm
Subjective norm, the other major force in TRA, has been found to be a rather weak
predictor of intention in several studies (e.g. Sheppard et al. 1988). This might also be
the case in the setting of early internationalization, as it is hard to see that an
entrepreneur would make decisions regarding early internationalization based on the
expectations of specific societal groups. However, subjective norm might still play a
role in the case of e.g. expectations from family shareholders or behaviour of relevant
competitors (Sommer & Haug 2010).

Perceived behavioural control
Perceived behavioural control can be described as “the extent to which the individual
perceives itself as being able to perform the behaviour” (Sommer & Haug 2010: 116). It
was added to TRA as many behaviours are not fully in the control of the decisionmaker. As can be seen in figure 2, TPB suggests that perceived behavioural control not
only influences intentions, but it also seems to have a direct effect on behaviour, as
opposed to the other elements. Contrary to subjective norms, several studies have shown
that perceived behavioural control is a rather strong predictor of intentions (see e.g.
Sommer 2010). Krueger and Carsrud (1993) argued that this might be the case in
entrepreneurial context as well, as their study showed that perceived behavioural control
is an important antecedent to entrepreneurial intentions.

Knowledge
In the original TPB, knowledge was integrated as a background factor underlying and
influencing beliefs. However, some researchers have found evidence that explicit
knowledge might have a significant effect on intention. Therefore, it is suggested that

22

Lasse Ihalainen

the more an individual has conscious knowledge about a certain behaviour, the higher
his/her motivation to perform that specific behaviour may be. Knowledge can be seen as
personalized information, meaning that it is shaped by an individual’s needs and initial
amount of knowledge (Tuomi 1999, cited in Sommer & Haug 2010). Similar to the
experiences of an individual, the research model suggests that knowledge has a direct
effect on intentions but also a moderating effect on attitudes, subjective norm and PCB.
Sommer and Haug (2010) applied TPB in the internationalization context by examining
knowledge and experience as separate factors and argued that they deserve to be treated
as separate predictor due to the complexity of internationalization. Arte (2017) argues
that entrepreneur’s knowledge influences both the motivation to internationalize but
also the actual internationalization process.

Conclusion
As the previous literature on born globals suggest, founder CEOs’ are a central actor in
the early internationalization. Therefore, it can be assumed that their intention to early
internationalization plays a role in the early internationalization of their firm. TPB has
been widely applied in multiple settings but also within entrepreneurship and
internationalization. It has been argued to be among the most promising cognitive
approaches, which suggests that it should be applicable in this study’s setting as well.
The above-mentioned research model by Sommer and Haug (figure 3) will be applied to
explore the cognitive antecedents influencing founder CEO’s intention to early
internationalization. Therefore, the elements that will be studied are experience, attitude
towards the behaviour, perceived behavioural control, subjective norm, and knowledge.

23

Lasse Ihalainen

3 METHODOLOGY

This chapter will discuss the research methodology chosen for this study and how the
data was collected and analysed. In addition, the validity and reliability of the data will
be discussed.

3.1 Qualitative research method
Qualitative research has been defined by various researchers. According to Nachima
and Worth-Nachima (2008: 257), “Qualitative researchers attempt to understand
behaviour and institutions by getting to know the persons involved and their values,
rituals, symbols, beliefs, and emotions”. Berg (2009: 3) approaches in the similar
fashion, by defining that “Qualitative research refers to the meanings, concepts,
definitions, characteristics, metaphors, symbols, and descriptions of things. In contrast,
quantitative research refers to count and measure of things”. Elliot, Fischer and Rennie
(1999: 215) write that “The aim of qualitative research is to understand and represent
the experiences and actions of people as they encounter, engage, and live through
situations. In qualitative research, the researcher attempts to develop understandings of
the phenomena under study, based as much as possible on the perspective of those being
studied”.
What seems to be mutual with the above-mentioned definitions of qualitative research is
that they all highlight the possibility of understanding things more deeply and on an
individual level, by getting to know the persons involved. The complex nature of
international entrepreneurship, as discussed earlier, suggests that a qualitative approach
would surely be beneficial as it leaves more room for interpretations and is more
suitable for understanding behaviour and beliefs. Eriksson and Kovalainen (2008) seem
to support this view by arguing that qualitative research gives the researcher a
possibility to understand and focus on the complexity of business-related phenomena in
their contexts. As Elliot et al. (1999) point out, a qualitative approach lets the researcher
develop her understanding of the phenomena during the study, which surely is of

24

Lasse Ihalainen

importance considering the objects of this study. Other factors favouring qualitative
research methods for this study are the limited amount of born global entrepreneurs in
Finland and that the differences in the case-companies might make quantitative
comparison challenging. The above-mentioned factors suggest that a qualitative
approach indeed is suitable to meet the objective of this study.
Eriksson and Kovalainen (2008) divide qualitative business research methods in the
following way:
-

Case Study Research

-

Ethnographic Research

-

Grounded Theory Research

-

Focus Group Research

-

Action Research

-

Narrative Research

-

Discourse Analysis

-

Feminist Research

-

Critical Research

This research is designed applying the case study research strategy with a multiple-case
approach. As Yin (2014: 12) states: “The case study is preferred when examining
contemporary events, but when the relevant behaviours cannot be manipulated”. Early
internationalization can be seen as a behaviour that cannot be manipulated and
therefore, analysing multiple cases retrospectively seems to be a promising approach.
Each participant belongs to a specific group of born global entrepreneurs and in total,
five different cases are analysed. Case study research can be done in several ways
depending on e.g., the purpose of the study, the research questions, and the number of
cases to be studied (Eriksson & Kovalainen, 2008). It can be further divided in intensive
and extensive case study research. According to Eriksson and Kovalainen (2008: 119),
extensive case study research “relies more on the ideals of quantitative and positivist
research, and focuses on mapping common patterns, mechanisms and properties in a
chosen context for the purpose of developing, elaborating, or testing theory”. This
definition fits well both the object and the research aim of this study, which were
discussed in the introduction chapter. In extensive case study research, the real-life
cases are rather seen as an instrument to explore specific phenomena than being the

25

Lasse Ihalainen

focus of interest per se (Eriksson & Kovalainen, 2008). A multiple-case study allows
the researcher to understand similarities and differences between the cases (Yin, 2014).

3.2 Data collection method
Generally, there are two types of sources for data. Primary sources consist of new data
that the researcher collects for that specific research. This data is then analysed to
answer the research question. Primary sources of data can be complemented with
secondary sources. Secondary sources consist of data that has been collected for another
purpose. Using both primary and secondary source data is common especially in case
study research. (Saunders, Lewis & Thornhill 2009).
As Goodman (2011) writes, it is important to remember that the data collection method
often dictates the type of analysis that can be done later in order to interpret the data.
There are several methods for collecting data when using a qualitative approach, the
most common methods being individual interviews, focus groups, observations and
action research. Matching the research goals and the nature of the research environment
to the method is of importance when deciding on data collection method (Goodman
2011).
The research goal is to understand better the role of born global entrepreneurs’ cognitive
antecedents to early internationalization. That knowledge is held by the individual
entrepreneurs, suggesting that they should be talked to. In comparison to some other
data collection methods, one of the advantages of interviewing is that it is an effective
method of getting knowledge. Effectiveness was an important factor when deciding on
the data collection method, as the entrepreneurs of born global startups are not able to
devote much time outside their work in general. In-depth interviews are often used as
the primary source of empirical data in case study research (Eriksson & Kovalainen
2008) and was chosen as the data collection method for this study as well. In-depth
interviews are usually directing more towards building theory rather than testing it.
Interviews provide an opportunity to understand why something occurred.

26

Lasse Ihalainen

Berg (2009: 101) defines interviewing as “a conversation with a purpose”, and lists
three different types of interviews: standardized, semi-structured, and unstructured.
Having some structure in the interview makes it easier for an untrained interviewer to
maintain the focus on right things and provides an opportunity to compare different
answers. In comparison to a standardized interview, a semi-structured interview
provides an opportunity for the interviewer to understand the reasons behind the
answers by asking follow-up questions. Semi-structured individual interviews seemed
to fit best the objective of this study and was therefore the most appropriate data
collection method for this research. Another advantage of interviews as a data collecting
method is that it can provide first-person accounts and feedback that can be difficult to
gather any other way (Goodman 2011).
The five cognitive elements presented in the research model by Sommer and Haug
(figure 3) were used as a basis to code open-ended questions and to structure the
interview. The use of TPB with qualitative research methods is not so common.
However, in some cases the choice of a qualitative research method is necessary
because of the number of cases or the kind of data that is available. The expanded TPB
model has proven to be applicable in the field of internationalization and provided this
study with a good basis. The interview questions can be found in appendix 1. As the
interviews were conducted as semi-structured interviews, the questions were used more
as a guide for the researcher to ensure that questions about all the different cognitive
elements had been asked.
Secondary data was used to gain background information of case companies and their
internationalization, mostly to support the sampling. Secondary sources of data that
were used in this study consist of public information available online, company
websites and news articles. Some secondary data was also used to triangulate data e.g.
regarding the internationalization of the company. However, a more extensive use of
triangulation is challenging in this context due to the very limited amount of relevant
secondary data.

27

Lasse Ihalainen

3.3 Sampling
A list of potential case startups for this study was formed by the use of researcher’s own
networks and public data available online (e.g. Techcrunch.com and company
websites). To estimate whether a particular company could potentially fit the born
global startup definition used in this study, information about their founding year,
internationalization process and founder CEO was gathered. At this point, the criteria
were that the company has already started their internationalization, they have gone on
international markets within the first three years after their founding, and that the CEO
is the same person as when the company was founded. Thus, a purposive sampling
method was used, me aning that the researcher selects the participants based on her own
judgment of who would suit the purpose well (Saunders et al., 2009). As case study
research is not aiming to generalize any findings in a statistical sense, a purposive
sampling strategy might be a good way to select the most informative samples fitting
the objective of the research.
An email with a brief introduction of the study was sent to 15 founder CEOs. They were
asked whether they think that their company would fit the definition of a born global
startup, and if yes, whether they would like to participate in the study by giving an
interview. Five out of fifteen replied that they would like to participate in the study. The
number of cases (5) was satisfying taken into account the current COVID-19 situation,
the limited amount of born globals in Finland compared to e.g., USA and Japan, and the
fact that people in CEO roles in growth companies are usually really busy with their
work. There is no single rule concerning how many cases should be selected for a
multiple-case research project. The number of cases is influenced by the study aims and
the research questions, and each case included in the research can incrementally
increase the ability to generalize the findings (Eriksson & Kovalainen, 2008). All of the
participants of this study are male.
A few days before each interview, an additional email was sent to the interviewees with
some more information about the interview. The main purpose of the email was to
clarify the focus of the study. Four of the interviews were held using a video
conferencing solution (Google Meet) due to the remote work recommendation by THL
(Finnish institute for health and welfare). The fifth interview was held over a regular
phone call as the interviewee had a busy schedule and preferred that option. The
28

Lasse Ihalainen

interviews lasted between 30-60 minutes and were conducted in July 2020. All of the
interviewees accepted that their companies can be introduced in the study and that the
interviews can be recorded for the purpose of data analysis. Every interview was held in
Finnish, as that was the native language of all participants.

3.4 Data analysis method
Qualitative analysis is the analysis of qualitative data, which in this study is primarily
the text data from the interview transcripts. One of the challenging parts of qualitative
analysis is that it is heavily dependent on the researcher’s skills and knowledge of the
social context, unlike quantitative analysis, which is usually statistics driven. Instead of
trying to predict or explain, the focus of qualitative analysis is on “sense making” or
understanding a phenomenon. (Bhattacherjee 2012).
All of the interviews were recorded and transcribed right after each interview.
Recording the interviews enables the interviewer to focus on the questions and answers,
but also enables the use of direct quotes in an accurate and unbiased way (Saunders et
al., 2009). In order to make the collected data useful, it has to be analysed and made
sense of. Content analysis provides a way to do this, and it is one of the more popular
techniques for textual analysis. Berg (2009: 339) defines content analysis as a “careful,
detailed, systematic examination and interpretation of a particular body of material in an
effort to identify patterns, themes, biases, and meanings”.
There are three different categories for application of content analysis. Conventional
content analysis is often used to describe a phenomenon when existing theory or
information is limited. In this method the text is examined and names for categories are
allowed to emerge from the text without predetermined categories. The second category
is directed content analysis, which begins by assuming that the existing theory is useful,
however incomplete. Categories are predetermined from the existing literature, as
opposed to emerging from the textual examination, and therefore, this approach is less
flexible. It is often used to validate or extend the existing theory. The last category is
summative content analysis, which aims to connect the frequency of certain words with

29

Lasse Ihalainen

their contextual meaning and thus, is used by researchers to get a deeper understanding
of the phenomenon. (Goodman 2011).
The analysis of the data in this study begun with the analysis of each interview
separately, as suggested by Eriksson and Kovalainen (2008). The content analysis was
done by using the directed content analysis approach and the cognitive elements
presented in figure 3 served as pre-set categories for the analysis. There are multiple
ways to categorize the data but using the directed content analysis method by applying
the cognitive elements presented in the research model seemed to be best suitable for
the objective of this study. As Saunders et al. state (2009), categorization can be done
by using terms that are used in existing theory and literature. These categories were
used to categorize the data to more specific categories which also helps the researcher to
recognize relationships and patterns in the data, as Saunders et al. (2009) suggest.

3.5 Validity and reliability
The terms validity and reliability have received criticism regarding the inconsistent use
of them as criteria to discuss quality within qualitative studies (see e.g. Ali & Yusof
2011). Validity and reliability are essential elements of confidence in quantitative
studies, as a mean to being able to replicate the results and to validate the accuracy of
the data (Saldaña, Leavy & Beretvas, 2011). These elements often receive less attention
in qualitative studies. However, quality concerns are central throughout all steps of a
qualitative research process (Ali & Yusof 2011). Defining reliability within qualitative
research with diverse paradigms is challenging and as Lawrence (2015: 325) states, “the
essence of reliability for qualitative research lies with consistency”. The exact
replicability of the processes and results is impossible, which is what reliability often
refers to in quantitative research.
The researcher has to present a convincing and complete story of the research process to
the audience, so that the reader can understand how the researcher reached the
conclusions (Saldaña et al., 2011). Validity of the data can be more challenging to
validate when using qualitative research methods. However, this does not mean that the
quality of the data should be overlooked. The researcher should determine the quality of

30

Lasse Ihalainen

the data by focusing on how reliable, valid and credible the data sources are, and also
always viewing critically the data sources and results (Bell, 2000).
The firms of the founder CEOs interviewed for this study have already committed to an
early internationalization, meaning that the decision of early internationalization has
been already done and they are currently operating on international markets. Therefore,
it needs to be taken into account that their characteristics and e.g. attitudes toward
internationalization might have been influenced by the evolution of the firm. Making
the decision of an early internationalization can be considered as a complex and
significant strategic decision for the firm. In this kind of measurements, the quality of
data can suffer from direct data collection methods. The complex nature of the decision
suggests that many different factors might influence different facets of the decision. In
addition, some of the influencing factors might be unconscious and therefore, the
interviewee would not be able to give that answer when asked about it.
Interviewing as a data collection method comes with potential sources of error and bias.
Firstly, a misunderstanding of the question or the answer might happen. Another source
of error is interviewer bias. Sometimes interviewees might respond something that they
think will please the interviewer. In addition, the selection and sample come with
associated problems. (Adams, Khan & Raeside 2014). In order to minimise bias and
errors, following steps were taken:
-

Before going into the questions, some time was spent to getting to know the
interviewee in order to achieve trust

-

Interview questions were asked in an unbiased and open-ended way. In addition,
they were tested with another person before the actual interviews.

-

Questions were repeated if the interviewee strayed and explanatory probes were
used. In addition, reflecting probes were used in order to verify and sum up
important points.

-

Interviews were recorded and transcribed to enhance the analysis of the data.

Four of the interviews were held with a video conference solution (Google Meet) and
one of the interviews was held with a regular phone call. Interviewing over a video call
makes it more challenging to read non-verbal cues. On a regular phone call there is no
visual contact, making the reading of non-verbal cues impossible. In addition, achieving

31

Lasse Ihalainen

the interviewees trust might be more challenging when not interviewing face-to-face,
especially when the interviewer and interviewee have not met before. All of these might
affect the quality and validity of the data obtained. However, the participants of this
study seemed to be really familiar with using video calls which enabled a natural
discussion.
The interviews were held in Finnish as that was the first language of both the
interviewer and all of the interviewees. Translations of the quotes presented among the
findings are done by the researcher. Translating spoken language might affect the data
quality, which has to be taken into consideration.
As Goodman (2011) states, there can be seen an unwritten hierarchy in research circles
in which quantitative research is usually considered to be more reliable, more precise
and more rigorous, when compared with qualitative research. The limitations of the use
of qualitative data have been discussed in the literature (see e.g. Berg 2009). One source
of criticism against case study research has been the ‘real-life’ dimension of it and the
lack of scientific rigour (Eriksson & Kovalainen, 2008). It is important to note that even
extensive case study research cannot produce statistical generalizations (Eriksson &
Kovalainen 2008).

32

Lasse Ihalainen

4 RESULTS

This chapter represents the core findings of the study without interpretation from the
author. The purpose of this chapter is to break down the collected data that corresponds
to the research questions. The results form the basis for the analysis done following in
the next chapter. As discussed in the methodology chapter, in extensive case study
research the real-life cases are rather seen as an instrument to explore specific
phenomena than being the focus of interest per se (Eriksson & Kovalainen, 2008).
Therefore, each case company will be briefly introduced, but the results are presented
grouped under the cognitive elements which were used to structure both the interviews
and the data analysis.

A brief description of the case companies and participants:
Supermetrics, CEO & Founder
Supermetrics is a Finnish SaaS company helping its clients to move data from popular
marketing and ad platforms to the clients’ favourite analytics and reporting platforms.
Founded in 2010, the first years it was operated by the Founder CEO alone.
Supermetrics’ first clients were from abroad and today only 1% of their revenue comes
from Finland. Last year it opened two new offices in Vilna and Atlanta, and the plan is
to open more offices in their most important markets.

Swappie, CEO & Founder
Swappie is a Finnish start-up founded in 2016. They are building an end-to-end
marketplace for refurbished smartphones. Less than 1.5 years after founding the
company, Swappie opened in Sweden. Today, they operate also in Italy and Denmark.
Swappie recently raised 35.8 million euros in venture capital to accelerate their
international expansion across Europe. During this summer, they will open in 4 new
countries. Swappie was co-founded by two friends who had co-founded another

33

Lasse Ihalainen

company together already before Swappie, which was taken to international markets as
well.

Kodit.io (Homerun Technologies Oy), CEO & Founder
Kodit.io is a Finnish start-up founded in 2017 with the mission of making buying and
selling homes easier. Their product is an AI-powered real estate data platform combined
with their innovative service concept of how people sell and buy homes in a more
instant manner. Only 9 months after the founding of Kodit.io, they expanded their
business internationally. Today they operate in Spain and Poland, aiming to become a
category leader within property tech in Europe. The Founder CEO of Kodit.io has an
entrepreneurial background and previous experience from internationalization from his
previous start-up. Kodit.io was founded by three co-founders.

Blok.ai, CEO & Founder
Blok is a Finnish start-up founded in 2017, offering a new real estate agency concept in
which technology is used to automate the process of selling your home. In this model,
the seller hosts the open house and Blok takes care of the marketing and legal aspects of
selling the apartment. In late 2019, Blok expanded to Sweden. Early 2020 they raised
3.5 million euros funding to grow their team and to continue their international
expansion. Blok is aiming to open in 3 new markets during this year. The CEO & cofounder of Blok has been part of the Finnish start-up ecosystem for many years but did
not have prior entrepreneurship experience as such. Blok was founded by 4 co-founders.

Leadoo Marketing Technologies, CEO & Founder
Leadoo Marketing Technologies is a Finnish start-up founded in 2018, offering a range
of products to help clients to convert their website traffic to leads. It is one of the fastest
growing marketing technology start-ups in Europe. Already in 2019, 8 months after
their founding, they expanded their business to Sweden. Now they have offices in

34

Lasse Ihalainen

Sweden, London and Spain. Leadoo Marketing Technologies was planning to open two
new offices during 2020, but due to COVID-19 they had to revisit their plan. The CEO
& co-founder of Leadoo Marketing Technologies had prior entrepreneurship experience
but mainly operating in Finland.

4.1 The role of founder CEO in early
internationalization

When the participants were asked about their role as founder CEOs in their companies’
early internationalization, the following findings were made.
Most of the participants thought that early internationalization was a product of the
collective competencies possessed by the core team. One of the participants mentioned
that it is difficult for him to even think of only himself in that context, as he clearly
thought that it was done together with his co-founder. Two of the participants thought
that their role has been to surround themselves with people capable of expanding their
business internationally. One mentioned that he has indeed had a major role in the
internationalization process, but at the same time thought that their internationalization
would have probably looked pretty much the same even if he would not have been the
CEO.
Early internationalization was not seen as a decision to be made, in most of the cases it
had been clear from beginning that it was going to be an international business. All of
the participants thought that they had a significant role in the early internationalization
process. CEO was considered to be responsible for having the growth vision and the one
getting others onboard to fulfil that vision. One of the participants stated that:
“The vision has to come from the founder CEO, I don’t think there is anyone else saying
it to you. […] The founder CEO has to actively drive the early internationalization and
be to one taking the first steps of internationalization.”

35

Lasse Ihalainen

Communicating the vision both internally and externally were considered important
parts of the role. One of the participants thought that his most important responsibility
has been to make sure that their company is constantly going forward and as fast as
possible. In one of the cases, the CEO had moved to the target country to implement
their expansion to that market. CEO’s role in driving the practical implementation of
internationalization was seen important especially when opening the first new
countries.

4.2 Attitude
When participants were asked about attitudes toward objects related with early
internationalization, the following findings were made. Internationalization was
considered self-evident and in most of the cases, early internationalization was obvious
right from the beginning. In two of the cases, the founders had even explored whether
they should found the company in a country with a bigger market instead of Finland.
“It was never unclear whether we are going on international markets or not. We even
explored the possibilities to found our company somewhere abroad so that we would
have been on a bigger market right away.”.
”We live in global world. Thinking about whether or not to expand internationally
should not even be a question, especially in the tech business.”
In two of the cases, early internationalization was obvious when they realized that the
problem was global which they had built a solution to. In most of the cases, the
participants’ high growth ambitions favoured early internationalization. One of the
participants stated that: “All the way from the beginning, the level of ambition has been
to become number one”. Another mentioned that: “Only few companies that have
gotten stuck in Finland have become even mediocre players on the market”. The goal of
becoming a leader within their business area was mentioned by two of the CEOs. In
order to try to reach this defensible market position, early internationalization was
required.

36

Lasse Ihalainen

The participants thought that early internationalization involves taking risks. One of
them mentioned that it is obviously risky, but at the same time he knew that those risks
need to be taken when building a start-up. He highlighted the importance of CEOs
ability to take a positive attitude even towards challenging things and not to stress about
risks. Another participant thought that his “fail-fast” attitude has been a major factor,
and mentioned that instead of careful planning, he likes to work iteratively and try if
things work. Third participant described his attitude towards risk by saying that:
“Whether you succeed or fail, both are OK scenarios, because you might often learn
more from failures.”
The favouring attitude towards early internationalization was thought to affect the way
the business was built to be scalable to different markets all the way from the beginning.
One participant reflected that the fact that he has recruited a very diverse team has
surely been because of his favourable attitude toward internationalization. A can-do
attitude was thought to have a positive influence over others in the company as well,
especially when facing difficult situations. In another case, the CEO thought that his
positive attitude towards early internationalization has helped with getting all of the
founders aligned and onboard with the plan of early internationalization. Two of the
participants considered attitude as the most influencing factor:
“I think my attitude has been the most influencing factor for myself. […] Much of the
lacking experience and knowledge can be compensated with the right attitude.”
“The right mindset, your attitude, how big of a vision you have. A founder CEO have to
be able to envision in a big enough way, and that vision needs to be apparent in
practice as well.”

4.3 Experience related to the subject
The following findings were made when the participants were asked about their
previous experience related to early internationalization which they considered relevant.

37

Lasse Ihalainen

In three of the cases, the CEO had previous entrepreneurship experience. Previous
entrepreneurship experience was considered to have a positive influence in multiple
ways. One of the participants mentioned that as he had already succeeded on the Finnish
market before, doing it internationally was a natural next step. Another stated that by far
the most important influence of his previous experience has been finding the right cofounder with whom to do the early internationalization. A common thing that all the
participants with previous entrepreneurship experience mentioned was understanding
how much work it requires to build a business that expands internationally at an early
stage.
Two of the participants had expanded their previous companies to multiple countries.
This was seen as really valuable experience considering early internationalization.
Through this experience, they had gained an understanding of what internationalization
takes and also developed both skills and knowledge needed in the process:
“Through the internationalization of my previous company I had developed a process
which enabled our early international expansion without investments of millions.”
Both of them mentioned that having done internationalization before surely influenced
positively their attitude towards early internationalization.
All of the participants had worked in an international environment previously and
considered it as relevant experience when considering their intention to early
internationalization. Similarly, having lived and or worked abroad was mentioned in
three of the interviews, through which a better understanding of different cultures and
business cultures had been developed. This experience was considered to affect attitudes
and also their perceived behavioural control, as one participant stated:
“Living abroad gave me perspective on how similar lives people were living abroad.
This proved to me that if you can do business in one country, then you can surely do it
another country as well.”
One of the participants said that through his previous job, he got to follow numerous
start-ups and see what worked and what did not work. He considered that experience
really relevant for their early internationalization and thought that it surely affected his
knowledge and attitude towards internationalization as well.

38

Lasse Ihalainen

4.4 Knowledge related to the subject
The following findings were made when the participants were asked about relevant
knowledge that they possessed regarding early internationalization, which they thought
could have influenced their intention.
Knowledge about international business was seen valuable and especially how to
establish and manage international relations. In addition, the ability and knowledge of
interacting with foreign partners were seen important. Two of the participants thought
that their knowledge of different business cultures and understanding cultural
differences had a positive influence. This was considered necessary in order to localize
the product according to the target market. In two of the cases, the participants did not
think that they possessed any particularly relevant knowledge about internationalization
but did not see that as a problem.
Knowledge of what kind of people you need in the team and the skill of recruiting those
people were considered really important. Leadership skills, ability to delegate tasks
efficiently, and data-driven decision making were brought up. One of the participants
stated that:
“My leadership style, in which I delegate responsibilities actively, I think that is
necessary. In high growth companies it is important that the founder CEO does not
become a bottleneck for the growth.”
In two of the cases, knowledge about fund raising and competence to actually raise
funds were considered crucial in order to be able to expand to international markets at
an early stage. International networks and networks in general were seen as an
important resource.
Having seen and followed other start-ups’ journeys were considered as valuable
knowledge, where internationalization was often in a central role. One of the CEOs said
that these examples of other start-ups’ successful and unsuccessful decisions and actions
have clearly influenced his behaviour as well.

39

Lasse Ihalainen

4.5 Perceived behavioural control
When participants were asked about their own perceived behavioural control of early
internationalization, the following findings were made.
In all of the cases, the CEOs did not doubt their own ability to take their business on
international markets at an early stage. Some uncertainty was regarding how greatly
they would be able to expand internationally.
Previous experience was considered to have positively influenced their own perceived
behaviour control. In particular, previous work-related achievements was mentioned to
have influenced the attitude toward being able to manage difficult situations. One of the
participants thought that his confidence derived from the fact that he always knew that
their team is able to do it:
“I always believed that we as a team can manage an early internationalization, which
gave me confidence in my own ability. You just have to be surrounded by the smartest
people. […] Internationalization is complex, indeed. But from my previous
entrepreneurship experience I have learnt that no matter how difficult things are, you
will always manage it somehow.”
In addition to the core team, three of the participants highlighted the support that they
got from their advisors and investors, which was considered to positively influence their
own perceived ability to succeed.
“It didn’t even cross my mind whether I’m able to do it or not. […] I think the most
important factor influencing my confidence to internationalize early on was that I didn’t
consider see the risk of failure to be big.”
Willingness to develop themselves and learning new things were mentioned by two
participants when talking about perceived behavioural control. They thought that the
perception of their ability to succeed was positively influenced by their earlier
experiences of managing difficult situations by quickly learning what to do. The CEOs’

40

Lasse Ihalainen

confidence in their own ability to manage an early internationalization was thought to
influence the attitude towards risks associated with early internationalization.
“I had experience from taking a business to international markets, I had already done
many mistakes, which surely influenced my confidence. […] I always believed that I am
able to do it, however I was unsure how gigantic our business would become.”
In addition, one mentioned that his confidence was crucial as he thought it influenced
others’ confidence as well.

4.6 Subjective norm
The following findings were made when the participants were asked about the
subjective norm, i.e. the perceived social pressure and support from important
individuals, groups or other relevant stakeholders, regarding early internationalization.
In one of the cases, the participant had perceived significant social pressure from his cofounder, who was eager to take their business to international markets at an early stage.
Two of the participants said that as early internationalization had been clear for them
from the beginning, they had been communicating this plan to every employee hired.
This resulted in a perceived social pressure from their employees, as one of them stated:
“Surely our employees had expectations regarding our internationalization, as we had
communicated already during their recruitment process that we want to build an
international growth company. […] When you promise and say something out loud, it
also makes you do those things.”
In three of the cases, participants mentioned that the most influencing social pressure
came from their investors, from which they had received funding already before their
internationalization. The influence of those expectations was considered significant
regarding the international growth of the company and also the earliness of the
internationalization. In addition, participants felt that their investors approved and
supported the decision of an early internationalization. Raising outside capital at an

41

Lasse Ihalainen

early stage was considered to positively influence the perceived ability of managing an
early internationalization.
In addition to social pressure from employees and investors, a few other potentially
influencing factors were mentioned. One of the participants thought that a general
expectation is that if you are building a successful business that generates tax profits for
the Finnish society, then you have to build an international business. Another thought
was that social pressure might come from the start-up society:
“My friends are mostly from the start-up environment. Among those people, I think the
expectation is that if you start a business, especially a tech firm, then you are starting
an international business. It is hard to estimate whether it has influenced my actions,
but I think it is definitely possible.”

42

Lasse Ihalainen

5 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

In this chapter, the findings will be discussed and interpreted while linking them to the
literature and theoretical framework. The discussion and analysis will be constructed
around the research questions.

Q1: What is the relevance of born global founder CEOs’ cognitive antecedents to early
internationalization?

In order to understand the relevance of born global entrepreneurs’ cognitive antecedents
to early internationalization, we have to first consider founder CEO’s role in the
internationalization in general. With regard to international activities of SMEs, the CEO
has been recognized as a crucial factor and one of the main variables (see e.g.
Miesenbock 1988; Bell et al. 2003). This seems to apply in the setting of early
internationalization within born globals as well. The findings suggest that the CEO is
often responsible for having the growth vision, making others be willing to fulfil that
vision, and communicating that vision both internally and externally. As Souder et al.
(2012) argue, founder CEOs often have high levels of influence and legitimacy with
stakeholders and other owners. In addition, the CEO might often be active in taking the
first steps needed in early internationalization, also regarding practical implementation.
The findings show that early internationalization or internationalization in general was
not considered to be a separate decision that had to be made. Instead, it was seen as an
obvious thing that had to be done in order to grow. This approach is supported by the
findings of Cavusgil and Knight (2015), who state that founders of born global firms
tend to view the whole world as their marketplace. The small size of Finland’s market
combined with the big growth vision seemed to be the main reason why
internationalization was so obvious. Cavusgil and Knight (2015) also argue that the
fundamental orientation of born global firms is usually strongly international, which
indeed was true among all of the cases in this study. In all of the cases, international

43

Lasse Ihalainen

expansion had been taken for granted as a part of the company’s growth, and two of the
CEOs had even thought of founding the company on a larger market abroad instead of
Finland. The fact that internationalization was considered that obvious, might have an
influence on the participants ability to treat it as a separate decision or act. Therefore,
their answers might be related to different facets that they associate to it, which has to
be taken into consideration. Several authors have argued that the complexity of
internationalization and international entrepreneurship requires many different
perspectives in order to understand it (see e.g. Andersson 2000; Sommer & Haug 2010).
Even if the CEO arguably plays a major role, early internationalization was seen as a
result of the collective competencies possessed by the core team. As Cavusgil and
Knight (2015) argue, born globals might have limited tangible resources but they often
are endowed with great intangible resources. However, the findings show that the CEO
might often be responsible for recruiting, as recruiting was considered to be among the
most important competencies for a CEO. This suggests that the CEO’s role in the early
internationalization begins already when building the founding team or recruiting key
employees near the founding of the company.
The previous literature (e.g. Cavusgil & Knight 2015; Sommer & Haug 2010; Chittoor
& Aulakh 2019) combined with the findings of this study show that the founder CEO is
indeed a crucial factor in the early internationalization of born globals. Therefore, it can
be assumed that the cognitive antecedents forming the CEO’s intention to early
internationalization should have an influence on the decision, as the Theory of Planned
Behaviour shows. However, the relative amount of influence that they have compared to
other influencing factors cannot be explained with the findings of this study.

Q2: What are potential cognitive antecedents influencing born global founder CEOs’
intention to early internationalization? How do those factors influence the early
internationalization?

This research question will be discussed by analysing every predictor of intention
(according to the expanded TPB model used in this study) separately.

44

Lasse Ihalainen

Attitude
Attitudes have been probably the least criticized element of TPB as several studies in
the field have shown their relevance as a predictor of intention (Sommer & Haug 2010).
Ricard and Sayed (2015) studied decision-makers attitudes toward internationalization
and found out that decision makers who are most favourable toward internationalization
decide to internationalize earlier than others. The challenge of studying attitudes toward
early internationalization comes with the complexity of internationalization as a
behaviour in general.
CEO’s attitude was considered to be among the most influencing cognitive antecedents
to early internationalization. Favourable attitude towards early internationalization
seemed to be linked with the CEOs’ favourable attitude toward fast growth. The mutual
attitude among the participants was that internationalization was considered to be an
obvious thing from the beginning, even before the company was founded. The findings
suggest that this kind of an attitude might influence how the team and the product is
built all the way from the beginning to meet the needs of an early internationalization.
Early internationalization was considered to involve taking risks. McDougall and Oviatt
(2000) highlight the importance of risk seeking in international entrepreneurship, which
suggests that a positive attitude toward risk might be a cognitive antecedent for early
internationalization. The findings suggest that embracing challenges, treating them as
opportunities to grow, and to not be afraid of failures might act as cognitive antecedents
to early internationalization. This seemed to be partly because the CEOs knew that those
risks have to be taken in order to grow their business. Previous studies have suggested
that founder CEOs are likely to act on strategic opportunities even if they would
perceive it to be riskier in the short term (Eisenmann 2002; Gavetti 2012).
A positive attitude towards managing challenging situations, i.e. a can-do attitude,
might have a positive influence on the intention to early internationalization. This
influences the CEOs intention but was considered to have a positive influence over
others in the company as well. In addition, the findings suggest that a “fail-fast”
attitude, in reference to an approach in which a company is run by constantly doing
smaller experiments, might act as a cognitive antecedent favouring early
45

Lasse Ihalainen

internationalization. According to the findings, the CEO is often initiative in the early
internationalization process and responsible for getting others onboard, i.e.
communicating their vision both internally and externally. This suggests that the CEOs
favouring and positive attitude toward early internationalization is indeed important.

Experience related to the subject
Sommer and Haug (2010) argue that in the context of internationalization, previous
experience related to the object might have direct effects on the intention but in
addition, moderating effects on attitude, subject norm and perceived behavioural
control.
Magnusson and Boggs (2006) argue that there can be seen a positive correlation
between CEO’s international experience and foreign sales of the company, suggesting
that previous international experience might favour doing international business in
general. The findings suggest that international experience might positively influence
the intention. However, its influence was considered to be mostly indirect, i.e.
experience was considered to influence other predictors of intention. Through
international work experience and living abroad, a better understanding of different
cultures

can be developed,

which

is

relevant

knowledge

regarding early

internationalization. In addition, having experienced cultural differences was considered
to positively influence the perceived behavioural control.
Having experienced international expansion of previous company operations seem to
positively influence the intention. Through these experiences, relevant knowledge is
gained, but additionally it influences the perceived behaviour control as the founder
CEO has a better understanding of what internationalization requires. However, in two
of the cases the CEOs had little or no previous international experience, which suggests
that international experience per se might not be required.

Knowledge related to the subject

46

Lasse Ihalainen

Similar to experience, knowledge related to the object might have direct effects on the
intention but in addition, moderating effects on attitude, subject norm and perceived
behavioural control (Sommer & Haug 2010). As the model suggests, knowledge indeed
has multiple effects. An interesting finding was that the knowledge that was considered
relevant was not just about internationalization per se, but rather more broadly regarding
the whole internationalization process and what it requires from a founder CEO. This
was one of the reasons why Sommer (2010) argued that knowledge should be treated as
a separate factor when applying TPB in the internationalization context.
Recruitment was highlighted as one of the most important competencies for a founder
CEO, also regarding early internationalization. Taking into account that founder CEO is
often responsible or taking part in hiring the team, the knowledge and understanding of
what competencies internationalization requires seems important. The founder CEO’s
role in early internationalization requires leadership skills and the ability to delegate
responsibilities. In addition, knowledge about different cultures, business cultures, and
managing international relations might act as an antecedent to early internationalization.
Knowledge about fundraising was associated with early internationalization.
International expansion at an early stage might often require raising outside funding,
which is part of the founder CEOs role. Such knowledge might derive from previous
experience but also from utilizing the founder CEOs network.

Perceived behavioural control
Sommer (2010) argues that perceived behavioural control is a rather strong predictor of
intentions within internationalization. The findings suggest that the founder CEO’s
perception of their ability to perform early internationalization was really positive, as no
one of them doubted their ability to perform it. As Li, et al. (2015) argue, founder CEOs
can be overconfident which leads their firms to take more risks. Therefore, it can be
assumed

that

confidence

might

act

as

a

cognitive

antecedent

to

early

internationalization. Perceived behavioural control has been argued to be an important
antecedent to entrepreneurial intentions in general, as Krueger and Carsrud (1993) state.

47

Lasse Ihalainen

The founder CEOs’ perception to perform early internationalization stems from
multiple sources, e.g previous experience of managing difficult situations and previous
work achievements. Personal growth and willingness to develop oneself was considered
to have a positive influence on the perceived behavioural control. As the founder CEOs
considered early internationalization to be a team effort, the surrounding team positively
influenced their perceived behavioural control. The feeling of doing it together seems to
be an important influencing factor, as the advisors’ and investors’ support was
considered to positively influence founder CEOs perceived ability to perform early
internationalization.

Subjective norm
Subjective norm consists of an individual’s beliefs whether other people of importance
think that he or she should engage in the behaviour. Some studies have argued that it is
a rather weak predictor of intention (e.g. Sheppard et al. 1988). Even if this study cannot
validate the relative strengths of different predictors of intention, it can be said that the
founder CEOs did not consider others’ expectations to be that relevant for their own
actions.
The findings suggest that founder CEOs might create a social pressure by
communicating their growth vision and internationalization plans for example to people
they hire before the actual implementation of internationalization. The influence of
those expectations was considered positive. In addition, a common thought was that
investors had expectations regarding the companies’ early internationalization. Raising
outside capital might positively influence the early internationalization, as it creates a
social pressure and a timeline that is mutually agreed upon with the investors.
Therefore, it can be assumed that communicating the vision to key stakeholders and
raising funds with the intention to go international, might form a positively influencing
cognitive antecedent.

48

Lasse Ihalainen

Q3: Considering founder CEOs’ role in early internationalization, what are the most
relevant cognitive antecedents that could be supported in order to enhance early
internationalization of Finnish start-ups?

In order to identify priority areas that could be supported to enhance early
internationalization of Finnish start-ups, the founder CEOs’ role in early
internationalization will be discussed combined with the findings of potential cognitive
antecedents. Early internationalization is an effort by the whole team, most often
consisting of potential co-founders, employers and investors/advisors. The founder
CEO’s role in early internationalization depends on the surrounding team, which has to
be taken into consideration.
The findings show that founder CEOs’ attitudes were considered to be the most
influencing cognitive antecedents. Andersson (2000) states that the entrepreneur is in a
central role in the internationalization as the process will not start without the
entrepreneur wanting and triggering the process. The findings support this view also in
early internationalization, as the role of the founder CEO was considered to be crucial in
creating,

communicating,

and

implementing

the

growth

vision.

Early

internationalization was considered to be an obvious step in order to fulfil the growth
vision, suggesting that growth attitude is a central factor initiating the early
internationalization. Additionally, the fact that early internationalization was seen as an
obvious thing to do supports Cavusgil and Knight’s (2015) argument of born global
entrepreneurs’ fundamentally international orientation. Therefore, it can be argued that
the founder CEO’s high growth ambition, i.e. a positive attitude toward fast growth,
might act as a relatively strong cognitive antecedent to early internationalization.
Founder CEOs’ attitudes were considered to not only influence their own behaviour but
also e.g. employees’ and co-founders’, which increases attitudes significance.
The behavioural theory of strategy suggests that “superior opportunities tend to be
cognitively distant, and critical sources of superior performance lie in strategic leaders’
superior ability to overcome the behavioural bounds that make it hard for the average
firm to pursue” (Gavetti 2012: 269). Early internationalization was indeed considered
49

Lasse Ihalainen

challenging and risky, but still all of the founder CEOs’ perception was that they are
able to perform it. The ability to overcome behavioural bounds requires confidence,
which suggests that the perceived behavioural control and a positive perception of
founder CEO’s ability to perform early internationalization might be important
cognitive antecedents. This can be supported by previous findings which argue that a
founder CEO is likely to act on the identified strategic opportunity, such as
internationalization, despite the fact that it would be perceived to be riskier in the short
term (Eisenmann 2002; Gavetti 2012). Several authors have argued that founder CEOs
tend to be risk tolerant which affects several firm level strategic decisions and outcomes
(e.g. Eisenmann 2002; Tang, et al. 2015). The finding suggest that founder CEOs
indeed have a positive attitude towards risk and treat them as learning opportunities,
which can be argued to influence the perceived behavioural control. According to
Cavusgil and Knight (2015), entrepreneurial motives, such as risk-taking, is commonly
seen as a key factor behind early internationalization. Therefore, it can be argued that
founder CEOs risk tolerance, risk-seeking attitude, and positive attitude towards risk
might be important cognitive antecedents to early internationalization.
Understanding what internationalization requires and knowing what competencies are
needed were considered important knowledge for a founder CEO. Early
internationalization was considered to be a team effort and often the founder CEO is in
charge of finding the right people. These findings suggest that having previous
experience in international expansion might indeed act as a cognitive antecedent,
especially when taking into account the indirect effects that it has on the perceived
behavioural control and attitudes.

50

Lasse Ihalainen

6 CONCLUSION

In the following chapter, a conclusion of the findings will be presented. Lastly,
suggestions for further research will be presented.
This study contributes to the growing stream of research on the determinants of early
internationalization within born globals, by deepening the understanding of how
founder CEOs’ motivation to early internationalization is determined. The complexity
of early internationalization as a behaviour has been discussed several times in this
study and the findings support that view. The complex nature suggests that multiple
approaches are needed in order to develop a comprehensive understanding of the
behaviour.
From a theoretical perspective, the expanded model of TPB by Sommer and Haug
seemed to fit well the purpose of this study and the findings mostly support the model.
The expansion to the original TPB was that both knowledge and experience were added
as separate elements to the model due to the complicated and highly dynamic nature of
internationalization. The findings of this study suggest that both knowledge and
experience were considered to influence the intention, but the influence was considered
to be mostly indirect. Furthermore, the influence of knowledge and experience was not
considered to be so significant, which might result from the indirect nature of the
influence. These findings alone could question whether the added elements should be
treated separately when applying TPB in this context. However, the complicated nature
of internationalization as a behaviour came up in every case interview, which supports
Sommer and Haug’s justification for the additional elements.
The findings combined with previous research (e.g. Andersson 2000; Eisenmann 2002;
Tang, et al. 2015) show that founder CEO is indeed a central actor in the early
internationalization of born globals, however the role might differ depending on the
surrounding

team.

Important

parts

of

the

founder

CEO’s

role

in

early

internationalization are creating and communicating the growth vision, ensuring that the
team has the right skillsets, and delegating tasks efficiently. According to Cavusgil and
Knight (2015) the fundamental international orientation is commonly seen as key factor

51

Lasse Ihalainen

behind early internationalization. Such orientation was observed in all of the cases
analysed, further suggesting that it indeed acts as an antecedent. Taking into account the
role of founder CEOs’, attitudes were considered to be the most influencing factor. The
founder CEO’s favourable attitude toward fast growth seems to act as a cognitive
antecedent, as early internationalization was seen as an obvious step in order to fulfil the
growth vision. As Ciravegna et al. (2018) argue, early internationalization is often a
product of a combination of elements. This study shows that the perceived small size of
the Finnish market in combination with the high growth ambition are among the most
influencing antecedents. The findings highlight the importance of a positive attitude
towards risks, a positive attitude towards managing challenging situations, and a
positive perceived behavioural control, i.e. confidence in the ability to perform the
behaviour. These attitudes were considered to not only influence their own behaviour,
but also reflect to others in the team as well. Furthermore, several other potentially
influencing factors were observed and discussed in the study.
From a practical perspective, the findings of this study suggest several cognitive
antecedents that could be supported in order to enhance the early internationalization of
Finnish start-ups. The surrounding ecosystem, e.g., Universities, entrepreneurship
courses, start-up hubs, and acceleration programs, should take into consideration these
influencing factors when educating entrepreneurial skills. In addition, the findings of
this study could be beneficial when the start-up team is being built, especially focusing
on the CEO’s role.
Despite the fact that the relative importance of founder CEO’s cognitive antecedents is
challenging to compare to all influencing factors, it can be argued that they indeed
influence the firm level decisions regarding early internationalization. Therefore, further
research on the born global CEOs’ cognitive foundation is valuable. There are
limitations to the generalization of the findings due to the limited sample size and given
that the empirical setting is only in Finnish born globals. Therefore, future work should
test the predictions with bigger sample size and in multiple country settings. Another
limitation is that all of the case companies in this study can be considered as high
growth start-ups which have raised or are raising significant funding in order to
accelerate their growth, which might affect the findings. As not all of the Finnish born
globals are growing at such a fast pace, future research could explore the determinants

52

Lasse Ihalainen

of their early internationalization in a comparative setting with fast growing firms.
Lastly, another limitation is that the case companies in this study had already done an
early internationalization, which might affect their answers. Further research could
explore future entrepreneurs’ intention to early internationalization and explore how
different factors and actors influence their intention.

53

Lasse Ihalainen

7 SUMMARY

IN

SWEDISH

–

SVENSK

SAMMANFATTNING

Intention till tidig internationalisering bland grundande vd:ar
för Born Global - en kvalitativ studie om kognitiva
antecedenter

Inledning
Internationalisering är ett fenomen som i allmänhet har undersökts och diskuterats
mycket utifrån olika perspektiv. I mer än 50 år har forskare undersökt de faktorer som
påverkar utfallet av en internationaliseringsprocess. Då marknaden ständigt förändras,
krävs ny forskning och uppdaterade tillvägagångssätt för att förstå företagens
internationella beteende. Internationalisering har definierats på flera sätt, men enligt
Ruzzier, Hisrich och Antoncic (2006: 477) handlar det om expansion av ett företags
ekonomiska verksamhet över landsgränsen.
Born global är ett fenomen som beskriver en "tidig och snabb internationalisering bland
unga entreprenöriella företag" (Cavusgil & Knight 2015: 3). Born global-företags
centrala aktörer som ofta stöder större företag (Zander, et al. 2015), skapar radikal
innovation (Acs et al. 2001) och bidrar till internationell kunskapsöverföring (Cavusgil
& Knight 2015). Eftersom entreprenörskap är en viktig ekonomisk motor i nationella
ekonomier, finns det en ökad efterfrågan på en bättre förståelse av born globalfenomenet. Trots att betydelsen av born global-företag erkänns i allt större utsträckning,
är vår nuvarande förståelse av deras internationella beteende dock ofullständig. En
fördjupad förståelse av påverkande faktorer till tidig internationalisering kan bidra till
en ökad internationalisering bland startupföretag. I enlighet med Knight och Cavusgil
definieras born global-företag i denna studie som ”entreprenöriella startupföretag, som
från eller i nära anslutning till sitt grundande strävar efter att få en betydande del av sina

54

Lasse Ihalainen

intäkter från försäljningen av produkter på internationella marknader ” (Knight &
Cavusgil 2004: 124, fri översättning).

Syfte och forskningsfrågor
Denna studie bidrar till den växande mängd forskning kring determinanter av tidig
internationalisering genom att studera de kognitiva antecedenter som påverkar
intentioner till tidig internationalisering bland grundare vd:ar. De kognitiva elementen
studeras genom att tillämpa Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) (Ajzen 1991), som har
visat sig vara ett lovande tillvägagångssätt för att studera underliggande kognitiva
grunder till en individs intentioner till ett visst beteende. Denna studie är bland de första
undersökningar som tillämpar TPB för att studera tidig internationalisering bland born
global-företag. Då studien bidrar till en bättre förståelse av avgörande faktorer som
påverkar

tidig

internationalisering,

kan

den

således

kategoriseras

under

forskningsområdet internationellt företagande. Denna studie fokuserar på grundare-VD
för finska born global-startupföretag, som utvidgat sina företags ekonomiska aktiviteter
till internationella marknader inom tre år efter grundandet.
Studien ska besvara följande forskningsfrågor:
F1: Vad är relevansen hos kognitiva antecedenter i förhållande till tidig
internationalisering bland startup-företag?
F2: Vilka kognitiva antecedenter kan identifieras som påverkande i förhållande till
intentionen till tidig internationalisering bland grundande vd:ar för Born global-företag?
Hur påverkar dessa faktorer tidig internationalisering?
F3: Med hänsyn till grundande vd:ars roll i tidig internationalisering, vilka är de mest
relevanta kognitiva antecedenter som kan stödjas och uppmuntras för att bidra till en
ökad tidig internationalisering bland finska startupföretag?

Teori

55

Lasse Ihalainen

Cavusgil och Knight (2015) hävdar att born global-företagens internationella beteende
skiljer sig från förklaringar som föreslagits i tidigare internationaliseringsteorier (t.ex.
Cavusgil 1980; Johanson & Vahlne 1977, Håkansson & Snehota 1989). Born globalforskning kan kategoriseras under forskningsområdet internationellt entreprenörskap
(International Entrepreneurship), som fokuserar på entreprenöriella aspekter på att
bedriva internationell affärsverksamhet. En betydande del av denna forskning
undersöker framför allt entreprenörens roll (eller den grundande vd:ns) i processen som
lett fram till företagets internationalisering (Andersson & Evangelista 2006). Ju mindre
företag, desto större roll spelar strategiska beslut som ofta fattas av grundarna (Cavusgil
& Knight 2015). Samtidigt har man identifierat att en viktig fas av internationalisering
är strategiska

beslut

som

individer

tar

(Sommer

&

Haug 2010). Dessa

beslutsfattningsprocesser har undersökts ur ett kognitivt perspektiv (t.ex. Busenitz &
Barney 1997; Haley & Stumpf 1989) där ’intentionmodeller’ har uppvisat hög potential.
En av de mest använda modellerna i dessa sammanhang är Ajzens (1991) Theory of
Planned Behavior (TPB), där ett visst beteende ses som ett utfall av en intention, vilken
i sin tur påverkas av prediktorer till intentionen. I denna modell representerar intention
den motivation som en individ har för att utföra ett specifikt beteende. Enligt den
utvidgade modell av Ajzens TPB, som Sommer och Haug (2010) tillämpar för att
specifikt studera internationalisering, kan fem betydande prediktorer av intentioner
identifieras:

erfarenhet,

attityd

till

beteendet,

subjektiva

normer,

upplevd

beteendekontroll och kunskap.

Metodval
Utformad som en kvalitativ multipel fallstudie, studeras fem fallföretag genom
semistrukturerade djupintervjuer med deras grundande vd. Intervjuerna genomfördes på
distans (videosamtal) under sommaren 2020. Fallföretagen (Supermetrics, Swappie,
Kodit.io, Blok.ai och Leadoo Marketing Technologies) är snabbt växande finländska
Born global-företag, som har expanderat till internationella marknader inom tre år efter
grundandet. Innehållsanalysen gjordes med hjälp av riktad innehållsanalysmetod där de
fem olika prediktorerna för intentioner i Sommer och Haugs (2010) TPB-modell
användes som förinställda kategorier.

56

Lasse Ihalainen

Resultat
Studien visar att den grundande vd:n innehar en central roll i den tidiga
internationaliseringen av Born global-företag. I de studerade företagen sågs
internationalisering som ett självklart syfte redan från början. Således upplevde
respondenterna det inte som ett särskilt beslut som tagits vid en viss tidpunkt.
Betydande beståndsdelar av grundande vd:s roll i tidig internationalisering är att skapa
och kommunicera tillväxtvisionen, se till att teamet har rätt kompetensuppsättningar och
delegera uppgifter effektivt. Bland de studerade kognitiva antecedenterna framträder
betydelsen av attityder, framför allt en positiv attityd gentemot snabb tillväxt,
risktagande och utmanande situationer. Relevant kunskap och tidigare erfarenhet ansågs
främst ha en medlande eller indirekt påverkan i samband med tidig internationalisering.
Alla respondenter ansåg sig ha en god upplevd beteendekontroll och var säkra om sin
förmåga att framgångsrikt genomföra en tidig internationalisering. Bland subjektiva
normer identifierade respondenterna socialt tryck från investerare och anställda, men
menade dock att dessa haft en relativt liten påverkan på intentioner kring
internationalisering.

Diskussion
I enlighet med tidigare forskning (t.ex. Andersson 2000; Eisenmann 2002; Tang, et al.
2015), visar resultaten att den grundande vd:n är en central aktör i den tidiga
internationaliseringen av born global -företag. Den roll grundande vd:n spelar kan dock
variera beroende på det omgivande teamet. Enligt Cavusgil och Knight (2015) är en
grundläggande

internationella

inriktning

ofta

en

nyckelfaktor

bakom

tidig

internationalisering. En sådan orientering observerades i alla analyserade fall, vilket
således stärker denna tes. Med hänsyn till den centrala roll som grundande vd:n innehar
i internationaliseringsprocessen, framträder attityder som den mest påverkande
kognitiva elementen. Grundande vd:s positiva inställning till snabb tillväxt kan även ha
viss signifikans, då tidig internationalisering sågs som ett nödvändigt steg för att
uppfylla tillväxtvisionen. Intressant nog tedde sig kunskap och erfarenhet - de två
antecedenter författarna lagt till i Ajzens ursprungliga modell - relativt insignifikanta,
57

Lasse Ihalainen

vilket dock kan bero på deras indirekta natur. Ciravegna et al. (2018) menar att tidig
internationalisering ofta är ett resultat av en kombination av olika element. Utöver
kognitiva faktorer, upplevdes storleken på den finska marknaden begränsa
respondenternas höga tillväxtambitioner. Resultaten lyfter fram vikten av en positiv
inställning till risker, en positiv inställning till att hantera utmanande situationer och en
positiv upplevd beteendekontroll, dvs. förtroende för den egna förmågan att
framgångsrikt genomföra internationaliseringen. Dessa attityder ansågs inte bara
påverka grundande vd:s eget beteende utan även influera andra i teamet. Vidare
observerades och diskuterades flera andra potentiellt påverkande faktorer i studien.

Slutsats
Ur ett teoretiskt perspektiv kan den expanderade modellen av TPB (av Sommer och
Haug) anses fungera relativt väl för att identifiera kognitiva antecedenter till tidig
internationalisering. Ur ett praktiskt perspektiv påvisar resultaten flera kognitiva
antecedenter som kan uppmuntras för att stödja den tidiga internationaliseringen av
finska nystartade företag. Det omgivande ekosystemet, där bland annat universitet,
entreprenörskapskurser och accelerationsprogram ingår, bör ta hänsyn till och bygga på
dessa påverkande faktorer.

58

Lasse Ihalainen

REFERENCES

Acs, Z. J., Morck, R. K., Shaver, J. M., & Yeung, B. (1997). The internationalization of
small and medium-sized enterprises: a policy perspective. Small Business
Economics, vol.9(1), pp. 7–20.
Acs, Z. J., Morck, R. K., & Yeung, B. (2001). Entrepreneurship, globalization, and
public policy. Journal of International Management, vol.7(3), pp. 235-251.
Adams, J., Khan, H. T. A., & Raeside, R. (2014). Research methods for Business and
Social Science Students. New Delhi: SAGE Publications.
Ajzen, I. (1985). From Intentions to Actions: A Theory of Planned Behavior. In: Kuhl
J., Beckmann J. (eds) Action Control. SSSP Springer Series in Social Psychology.
Springer, Berlin, Heidelberg.
Ajzen, I. (1988). Attitudes, personality, and behaviour. Open University press,
Buckingham, pp. 1-24.
Ajzen, I. (1991). The theory of planned behaviour. Organizational Behavior and
Human Decision Processes, vol. 50(2), 179–211.
Ajzen, I. (2001). Nature and operation of attitudes. Annual Review of Psychology,
vol.52(1), pp. 27-58.
Ajzen, I. (2011). The theory of planned behaviour:
reflections. Psychology & health, vol.26(9), pp. 1113-1127.

Reactions

and

Almeida, P., & Kogut, B. (1997). The Exploration of Technological Diversity and
Geographic Localization in Innovation: Start-Up Firms in the Semiconductor
Industry. Small Business Economics, vol.9(1), pp. 21-31.
Ali, A. M., Yusof, H. (2011). Quality in Qualitative Studies: The case of Validity,
Reliability and Generalizability. Issues in social and environmental accounting,
vol.5(1), pp. 25-64.
Alvarez, S., & Busenitz, L. (2001). The entrepreneurship of resource-based theory.
Journal of Management, vol.27(6), pp. 755-775.
Andersson, S. (2000). The Internationalization of the Firm from an Entrepreneurial
Perspective. International Studies of Management & Organization, vol.30(1), pp.
63-92.
Andersson, S., & Evangelista, F. (2006). The entrepreneur in the Born Global firm in
Australia and Sweden. Journal of Small Business and Enterprise Development,
vol.13(4), pp. 642-659.

59

Lasse Ihalainen

Arte, P. (2017). Role of experience and knowledge in early internationalisation of
Indian new ventures. International Journal of Entrepreneurial Behavior &
Research, vol.23(6), pp. 850-865.
Autio, E., Sapienza, H.J., & Almeida J.G. (2000). Effects of age at entry, knowledge
intensity, and imitability on international growth. Academy of Management
Journal, vol.43(5), pp. 909-924.
Axinn, C. N., & Matthyssens, P. (2002). Limits of internationalization theories in an
unlimited world. International Marketing Review, vol.19(5), pp. 436-449.
Baronchelli, G., & Cassia, F. (2014). Exploring the antecedents of born-global
companies’ international development. International Entrepreneurship and
Management Journal, vol.10(1), pp. 67-79.
Bell, J., McNaughton, R., Young, S., & Crick, D. (2003). Towards an Integrative Model
of Small Firm Internationalisation. Journal of International Entrepreneurship,
vol.1(4), pp. 339-362.
Bell, J. (2000). Introduktion till forskningsmetodik (3rd ed.) (B. Nilsson Trans.). Lund:
Studentlitteratur.
Berg, B. (2009). Qualitative research methods for the social sciences, 7th edition.
Boston, MA: Allyn and Bacon.
Bhattacherjee, A. (2012). Social Science Research: Principles, Methods, and Practices.
Global Text Project, book 3. https://scholarcommons.usf.edu/oa_textbooks/3/.
Busenitz, L. W., & Barney, J. B. (1997). Differences between entrepreneurs and
managers in large organizations: Biases and heuristics in strategic decision-making.
Journal of Business Venturing, vol.12(1), pp. 9-30.
Cavusgil, S. T., & Knight, G. (2015). The born global firm: An entrepreneurial and
capabilities perspective on early and rapid internationalization. Journal of
International Business Studies, vol.46, pp. 3-16.
Ciravegna, L., Kuivalainen, O., Kundu, S. K. & Lopez, L. E. (2018). The antecedents of
early internationalization: A configurational perspective. International business
review, vol.27(6), pp. 1200-1212.
Chittoor, R., Aulakh, P. S. & Ray, S. (2019). Microfoundations of firm
internationalization: The owner CEO effect. Global Strategy Journal, vol.9(1), pp.
42-65.
Conner, K. (1991). A historical comparison of resource-based theory and five schools of
thought within industrial organization economics: do we have a new theory of the
firm? Journal of Management, vol.17(1), pp. 121-154.
Coviello, N., & Munro, H. (1995). Growing the entrepreneurial firm. European Journal
of Marketing, vol.29(7), pp. 49-61.

60

Lasse Ihalainen

Coviello, N., & Munro, H. (1997). Network relationships and the internationalization
process of small software firms. International Business Review, vol.6(4), pp. 361386.
Dimitratos, P., Lioukas, S. & Carter, S. (2004). The relationship between
entrepreneurship and international performance: The importance of domestic
environment. International Business Review, vol.13(1), pp. 19-41.
Eisenmann, T. (2002). The effects of CEO equity ownership and firm diversification on
risk taking. Strategic Management Journal, vol.23, pp. 513-534.
Elliott, R., Fischer, C.T., & Rennie, D.L. (1999). Evolving guidelines for publication of
qualitative research studies in psychology and related fields. British Journal of
Clinical Psychology, vol.38(3), pp. 215-229.
Eriksson, P., & Kovalainen, A. (2008). Introducing Qualitative Methods: Qualitative
methods in business research. London: SAGE Publications Ltd.
Fahlenbrach, R. (2009). Founder-CEOs, investment decisions, and stock market
performance. Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis, vol.44, pp. 439-466
Fan, T. & Phan, P. (2007). International new ventures: Revisiting the influences behind
the ‘born-global’ firm. Journal of International Business Studies, vol.38(7), pp.
1113-1131.
Freeman, S., & Cavusgil S. T. (2007). Toward a Typology of Commitment States
among Managers of Born-Global Firms: A Study of Accelerated
Internationalization. Journal of International Marketing, vol.15(4), pp. 1-40.
Freeman, S., Edwards, R., & Schroder, B. (2006). How Smaller Born-Global Firms Use
Networks and Alliances to Overcome Constraints to Rapid Internationalization.
Journal of International Marketing, vol.14(3), pp. 33-63.
Game, R., & Apfelthaler, G. (2016). Attitude and its role in SME internationalisation:
why do firms commit to advanced foreign market entry modes? European J.
International Management, vol.10(2), pp. 221-248.
Gartner, W. B. (1988). ‘Who is an entrepreneur?’ is the wrong question. American
Journal of Small Business, vol.12(4), pp. 11-32.
Gavetti, G. (2012). Toward a behavioural theory of strategy. Organization Science,
vol.23(1), pp. 267-285.
Goodman, V. D. (2011). Qualitative Research and the Modern Library, Sawston,
Cambridge: Woodhead Publishing Limited.
Haley, U. C. V., & Stumpf S. A. (1989). Cognitive trails in strategic decision ‐making:
linking theories of personalities and cognitions. Journal of Management Studies,
vol.26(5), pp. 477-497.

61

Lasse Ihalainen

Hitt, M. A., Ireland, R. D., Camp, S. M., & Sexton, L. D. (2001). Guest editors’
introduction to the special issue strategic entrepreneurship: entrepreneurial strategies
for wealth creation. Strategic Management Journal, vol.22(6-7), pp. 479-491.
Hsieh, H. & Shannon, S. E. (2005). Three approaches to qualitative content analysis.
Qualitative Health Research, vol. 15(9), pp. 1277-1288.
Håkansson, H., & Snehota, I. (1989). No Business Is an Island. Scandinavian Journal of
Management, vol.5(3), pp. 187-200.
Johanson, J., & Mattsson, L-G. (1988). Internationalization in industrial systems – a
network approach. In Hood, N., & Vahlne, J-E. 1988. Strategies in Global
Competition. New York, Croom Helm. Pp. 287-314.
Johanson, J., & Vahlne, J-E. (1977). The Internationalization Process of the Firm—A
Model of Knowledge Development and Increasing Foreign Market Commitments.
Journal of International Business Studies, vol.8(1), pp. 23-32.
Johanson, J., & Vahlne, J-E. (1990). The Mechanism of Internationalisation.
International Marketing Review, vol.7(4), pp. 11-24.
Karra, N. (2017). Understanding the Born Global Firm, Routledge: Abingdon, UK.
Kautonen, T., van Gelderen, M. & Tornikoski, E. T. (2013). Predicting entrepreneurial
behaviour: A test of the theory of planned behaviour. Applied economics, vol.45(6),
pp. 697-707.
Knight, G., & Cavusgil, T. (2004). Innovation, organizational capabilities, and the bornglobal firm. Journal of International Business Studies, vol.35(2), pp. 124-141.
Knight, G., Madsen, T., & Servais, P. (2004). An inquiry into born-global firms in
Europe and the USA. International Marketing Review, vol.21(6), pp. 645-665.
Krueger, N. F., & Carsrud A. L. (1993) Entrepreneurial intentions: applying the theory
of planned behavior. Entrepreneurship and Regional Development, vol.5(1), pp.
315-330.
Krueger, N. F., Reilly, M. D., & Carsrud A. L. (2000). Competing models of
entrepreneurial intentions. Journal of Business Venturing, vol.15(5), pp. 411-432.
Kuemmerle, W. (2002). Home base and knowledge management in international
ventures. Journal of Business Venturing, vol.17(1), pp. 99-122.
Lawrence, L. (2015). Validity, reliability, and generalizability in qualitative research.
Journal of Family Medicine and Primary Care, vol.4(5), pp. 324-327.
Leonidou, L. C., Katsikeas, C. S., Palihawadana, D. & Spyropoulou, S. (2007). An
analytical review of the factors stimulating smaller firms to export: Implications for
policy-makers. International Marketing Review, vol.24(6), pp. 735-770.
Magnusson, P., & Boggs, D. J. (2006). International experience and CEO selection: an
empirical study. Journal of International Management, vol.12(1), pp. 107–125.

62

Lasse Ihalainen

Matiusinaite, A., & Sekliuckiene, J. (2015). Factors determining early
internationalization of entrepreneurial SMEs: Theoretical approach. International
Journal of Business and Economic Sciences Applied Research, vol.8(3), pp. 21-32.
McDougall, P. P., Shane, S. & Oviatt, B. M. (1994). Explaining the formation of
international new ventures. Journal of Business Venturing, vol.9(1), pp. 469-87.
McDougall, P. P. & Oviatt, B. M. (2000). International entrepreneurship: the
intersection of two research paths. Academy of Management Journal, vol.43(5), pp.
902-906.
McAuley, A. (1999). Entrepreneurial instant exporters in the Scottish arts and crafts
sector. Journal of International Marketing, vol.7(4), pp. 67-82.
Miesenbock, K. J. (1988). Small Businesses and Exporting: A Literature Review.
International Small Business Journal, vol.6(2), pp. 42-61.
Moen, Ö. (2002., The born globals a new generation of small European exporters.
International Marketing Review, vol.19(2), pp. 156-75.
Nachimas, D. and Worth-Nachimas, C. (2008). Research Methods in the Social
Sciences, 7th edition. New York: Worth Publishers.
Oviatt, B. M. & McDougall, P. P. (1994). Toward a theory of international new
ventures. Journal of International Business Studies, vol.24(1), pp. 45-64.
Pauerls, P., Patterson, P. G., Ruyter, K., & Wetzels, M. (2009). The Propensity to
Continue Internationalization: A Study of Entrepreneurial Decision-Making in
Australian Service Firms. Advances in International Marketing, vol.20, pp. 11-36.
Ricard, A. & Saiyed, A. (2015). Attitude Toward Internationalization And Early
Internationalization: Comparison of Indian and French SMEs' Decision Makers.
M@n@gement, vol.18(1), pp. 54-77.
Ruzzier, M., Hisrich, R. D., & Antoncic, B. (2006). SME internationalization research:
Past, present, and future. Journal of Small Business and Enterprise Development,
vol.13(4), pp. 476-497.
Saeed, A. & Ziaulhaq, H. M. (2018). The Impact of CEO Characteristics on the
Internationalization of SMEs: Evidence from the UK. Canadian journal of
administrative sciences, vol.36(3), pp. 322-335.
Saldaña, K., Leavy, P., & Beretvas, N. (2011). Fundamentals of Qualitative Research.
Oxford University Press.
Saunders, M., Lewis, P., & Thornhill, A. (2009). Research methods for business
students (5th ed.). Harlow: Pearson Education Limited.
Sheppard, B. H., Hartwick, J., & Warshaw, P. R. (1988). The theory of reasoned action:
a meta-analysis of past research with recommendations for modifications and future
research. Journal of Consumer Research, vol.15(3), pp. 325–343.

63

Lasse Ihalainen

Sommer, L. (2010). Internationalization processes of small- and medium-sized
enterprises – a matter of attitude? Journal of International Entrepreneurship,
vol.8(3), pp. 288-317.
Sommer L. & Haug M. (2010). Intention as a cognitive antecedent to international
entrepreneurship - understanding the moderating roles of knowledge and experience.
International Entrepreneurship and Management Journal, vol.7(1), pp. 111‐142.
Souder, D., Simsek, Z., Johnson, S. (2012). The differing effects of agent and founder
CEOs on the firms’ market expansion. Strategic Management Journal, vol.33, 2341.
Stevensson, H., & Jarillo, J. (1990). A Paradigm of Entrepreneurship – Entrepreneurial
Management, Strategic Management Journal, vol.11, pp. 17-27.
Tang, Y., Li, J., & Liu, Y. (2016). Does Founder CEO Status Affect Firm Risk
Taking? Journal of Leadership & Organizational Studies, vol.23(3), pp. 322–334.
Westerberg, M., Singh, J., & Hackner, E. (1997). Does the CEO matter? An empirical
study of small Swedish firms operating in turbulent environments. Scandinavian
Journal of Management, vol.13(3), pp. 251–270.
Wilson, T., Lindsey, S., & Schooler, T. (2000). A Model of Dual Attitudes.
Psychological Review, vol.107(1), pp. 101-126.
Yin, R. K. (2014). Case study research: Design and methods (5th edition). Thousand
Oaks, CA: SAGE.
Zander, I., Mcdougall - Covin, P. & L Rose, E. (2015). Born globals and international
business: Evolution of a field of research. Journal of International Business Studies,
vol.46(1), pp. 27-35.
Zucchella, A., Palamara, G. & Denicolai, S. (2007). The drivers of the early
internationalization of the firm. Journal of world business : JWB, vol.42(3), pp. 268280.

64

Lasse Ihalainen

APPENDICES

APPENDIX 1: INTERVIEW GUIDE FOR SEMI-STRUCTURED INTERVIEWS
1. How quickly after the founding of your company did you expand to
international markets?
2. In which countries do you currently operate and what are your plans regarding
international expansion for the next few years?
3. What were the most important factors behind your early internationalization?
4. How would you describe your role as the founder CEO in the early
internationalization of your company?
5. How would you describe your attitudes towards early internationalization?
6. What factors favoured and/or disfavoured your attitude towards early
internationalization? How did they influence your attitude?
7. How

do

you

think

those

attitudes

influenced

your

firms’

early

internationalization?
8. What previous experiences did you have regarding internationalization that you
consider relevant to the early internationalization of your company?
Personal/professional/etc.
9. How did those previous experiences influence the early internationalization?
10. What knowledge did you possess regarding internationalization that you
consider relevant to the early internationalization of your company?
11. How did that knowledge influence the early internationalization?
12. Before you did the early internationalization, how did you perceive your ability
to perform it?
13. What made you believe that you can / cannot do it?
14. How do you think your perception of your ability influenced your early
internationalization?
15. Do you consider that relevant people to you (individuals/groups) had
expectations regarding your early internationalization? Who?
16. Do you think that there are some other expectations toward early
internationalization of Finnish startups in general?

65

Lasse Ihalainen

17. How did those expectations influence the early internationalization of your
company?
18. Are there some other things that come to your mind regarding the topics that we
have discussed?
19. Which of the topics that we discussed (attitude, experience, knowledge,
perceived behavioural control, subjective norm) do you consider the most
influencing regarding your intention to early internationalization? Why?
20. Based on your own experience, which of the topics would you like to highlight
as something to support in order to enhance the early internationalization of
Finnish startups?

66

