Resource Productivity as the EU´s Lead
Resource Efficiency Indicator
a quantitative macro-comparative study on indicator drivers

Elisabeth Järnefelt
Master’s thesis in Economics
Supervisor: Eva Österbacka
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY - FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES,
BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master’s thesis
Subject: Economics
Author: Elisabeth Järnefelt
Title: Resource Productivity as the EU´s Lead Resource Efficiency Indicator – a
quantitative macro-comparative study on indicator drivers
Supervisor: Eva Österbacka
Abstract:
Climate change has presented a multitude of new, and urgent questions for
policymakers to take action on. Resource depletion and a predicted rise in resource
prices has led to resource use becoming one of the key policy areas across the world.
In line with the magnitudes of the policies being formed, numerous tools have been
devised to measure developments in resource use, and to interpret the effects of the
implemented policies. The EU’s lead resource efficiency indicator Resource
Productivity has been harshly criticized because of its strong correlation with
income, and its inability to portray differences and developments in material
composition.
This thesis studies the effects of industry- and material compositions on the indicator
resource productivity, with the purpose of uncovering information on the drivers of
resource productivity in the EU. The first goal of the thesis is to determine whether
the industry composition of primary and secondary production has a significant
effect on resource productivity, which would lead to implications in the
interpretation of the indicator. The second goal of the thesis is to determine whether
material composition has a significant effect on resource productivity and if fossil
energy carriers can be determined to drive the indicator, which in turn would
compromise the appropriateness of resource productivity as a sustainability
indicator.
Using a fixed-effects estimation model, industry composition is found to have
significant effects on resource productivity, and fossil energy carriers are found to
benefit the results of the indicator relative to the use of biomass. These results
severely damage the credibility of the indicator and imply that the indicator should
not be interpreted as a direct representation of development within sustainability in
the EU. The indicator is deemed to be inappropriate as a lead indicator because its
key purpose of aiding in information and communication purposes cannot be
fulfilled without the presentation of additional context.
Keywords: Resource productivity, industry composition, material composition,
fixed-effects, material flow analysis
Date: 12.05.2021
Number of pages: 73
Abstract approved as maturity test:

Table of Contents
1

Introduction ................................................................................................... 1

2

Resource productivity as a policy instrument ............................................... 4
2.1 Defining resource productivity and resource efficiency ............................ 4
2.2 Policy ......................................................................................................... 6
2.2.1 Global resource use policy ..................................................................... 6
2.2.2 Resource use on the EU’s policy agenda ............................................... 8
2.2.3 Benefits from increased resource efficiency ........................................ 12
2.2.4 Decoupling ........................................................................................... 14
2.3 How resource productive is the EU? ....................................................... 16

3

Indicator background and material flow analysis ........................................ 17
3.1 Material flow analysis .............................................................................. 18
3.2 Meso-level MFA ...................................................................................... 19
3.3 Information purposes of MFA ................................................................. 21
3.4 Desired properties .................................................................................... 23

4

Previous literature on drivers of resource productivity ............................... 24
4.1 Research designs of previous studies ...................................................... 29

5

Data and methodology ................................................................................. 32
5.1 Data .......................................................................................................... 32
5.1.1 Missing observations............................................................................ 35
5.1.2 Descriptive statistics............................................................................. 36
5.1.3 Correlation matrix ................................................................................ 38
5.2 Model specification.................................................................................. 39
5.3 Diagnostics testing ................................................................................... 40
5.3.1 Normality of residuals .......................................................................... 41
5.3.2 Multicollinearity................................................................................... 43
5.3.3 Homoscedasticity ................................................................................. 44

6

Results, analysis, and discussion ................................................................. 45
6.1 Econometric model .................................................................................. 46
6.1.1 Fixed effects estimation ....................................................................... 47
6.2 Results...................................................................................................... 49
6.3 Discussion ................................................................................................ 53

6.4 Critique of the model ............................................................................... 55
7

Conclusions ................................................................................................. 56

8

Svensk sammanfattning ............................................................................... 59

References ............................................................................................................ 65
Appendix 1 ........................................................................................................... 72
Appendix 2 ........................................................................................................... 73

1 Introduction
Societies around the world are being confronted by the challenges that have arisen
due to the emergence of climate change. According to the UNEP International
Resource Panel’s report Global Resources Outlook 2019 (Oberle et al., 2019),
global resource use is now more than three times what it was in 1970. Half of
global greenhouse gas emissions and 90 percent of biodiversity loss can also be
attributed to material extraction and processing of materials. The report presents a
scenario where united and swift action is neglected, leading to a failure in moving
resource use away from the current trend, and ultimately leading to resource use
growing from 92 to 190 billion tons by 2060, and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions
increasing by 43 percent from the year 2015 to 2060. These figures paint a bleak
portrait, and underline why resource use has become one of the leading, and most
critical policy areas for the battling of climate change.
Actions toward changing the current resource use trend have been taken
accordingly, although somewhat insufficiently according to experts. Whether or
not the world can sustain long-run economic growth is touched upon by Krugman
& Wells (2018), where two key questions are asked in regard to this topic. The
first question regards the level of efficiency at which technology will find
alternatives to the use of natural resources. Krugman and Wells answer the first
question by stating that it is up to engineers, and that for example substantial
progress has been made since 2005 in the energy industry. The second question
asks whether economic growth can be sustained despite resource scarcity. To this
the authors reply that most economists are optimistic. One key reason for this
optimism is the fact that resource scarcity will lead to higher resource prices which,
in turn, gives strong incentive for conservation and a quest for alternatives to
traditional raw materials.
Applying focus on concepts such as resource efficiency (RE) and circular economy
(CE) has presented an opportunity with which to restrict the causes for climate
change without necessarily damaging the economy or resorting to degrowth (Busu
& Trica, 2019; Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019). Many governments and
cross-national institutions have for this reason adopted policies in relation to RE
1

and CE in their development and sustainability strategies, if not in their national
strategies.
The adoption of RE and CE policies has however led to an acute need for
instruments with which to measure progress in the field. Many indicators have
been proposed, with a variety of functions and applications. Within the bounds of
micro- and macro indicators, there are indicators focused on material flows or life
cycles, as well as indicators measuring efficiency of resource use, to name a few
(OECD, 2008).The urgency for high-quality measuring tools is best described by
considering a narrative where measuring tools are not available. Assuming that
policies and strategies are implemented based on extensive research in
combination with political compromises, the results of said policies and strategies
might very well turn out different than originally (or ideally) anticipated.
Furthermore, there may be externalities that have not been mapped out or even
conceptualized prior to real-world testing. For this reason, it is highly important
that adequate measuring tools are devised. In addition to creating functional tools,
it is also important that these tools are interpreted correctly and that they offer
appropriate support in information and communication processes.
The EU´s resource productivity indicator, which is the main focus of this thesis,
has gathered much scrutiny, such as having a high correlation with income and
failing to provide information on the material composition of an economy
(Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011). The criticism towards the indicator is of
consequence because the key purposes of the indicator are to relate information
and to simplify communication processes (OECD, 2008). Policy makers and
stakeholders alike are meant to be able to use the indicator as an information tool,
which underlines the importance of the indicator being relevant to the
sustainability frameworks that it is a part of. The purpose of this thesis is to
improve the understanding of what lies behind the indicator, with the goal of
improving the understanding and interpretation of the indicator, as well as
determining whether or not it can be considered a measure for environmental
sustainability. The purpose of this thesis is chosen because of the distressing
consequences that are implicit if in fact a lead indicator in the EU’s resource
efficiency framework is found to give an incorrect perception of the development
in environmental sustainability in the EU.
2

To fulfill the given purpose, this thesis studies the effects between the EU´s
Resource Efficient Europe 2020 lead indicator Resource Productivity, and the
industry-, and material compositions of the EU countries.
Industry composition is represented by the GDP ratios of economic activities in
primary and secondary production, while material composition is represented by
consumption levels in biomass and fossil energy carriers. Finding dependencies
between these factors would enable users to interpret fluctuations in the indicators
results much more accurately. The benefits of having more knowledge about what
factors impact the indicator, are thus in improving our capabilities to interpret the
fluctuations of the indicator. This point is important to understand, as not all
fluctuations necessarily originate in improvements or deteriorations in
productivity, from a sustainability perspective. As the indicator is the lead indicator
for the EU’s flagship program on resource efficiency, it is highly important that its
relevance and appropriateness is discussed. If the indicator is found to be
unsuccessful in relating the information that it is meant to relate, or found to give
an untrue perception of the development of resource use and sustainability in the
EU, then it is the task of the academic community to point out these faults, so that
the use of the indicator, or perhaps the interpretation of it is done more responsibly
with a better understanding of what information can actually be drawn from it.
This thesis thus aspires to improve the understanding and interpretation of the lead
indicator used in the EU´s Resource Efficient Europe initiative, and to determine
how appropriate it is as a sustainability-, and resource efficiency indicator. The
first goal is to study the industry drivers of resource productivity to improve the
interpretation of the indicator, which is primarily carried out by analyzing the
effects of industry composition on resource productivity. The second goal is to
study the effects of material composition on resource productivity to judge the
appropriateness of the indicator as a measure for sustainability, which is
subsequently executed by analyzing the effects of the use of biomass and fossil
energy carriers on resource productivity. The two hypotheses of this thesis are
drawn based on a thorough review of the EU’s policy regarding resource
efficiency, and the material flow analysis framework that the indicator belongs to,
as well as on previous literature of the area. The hypotheses are tested with an
econometric analysis, and the results are discussed in relation to the findings of the
3

preceding chapters. The hypotheses, that are given in Chapter 4., are 1) that a
negative relationship between resource productivity and both the primary- and
secondary sector exists, and 2) that a negative relationship exists between resource
productivity and both the use of biomass and fossil energy carriers.
The structure of this thesis is as follows. Chapter two presents relevant definitions
as well as a policy context pertaining to resource use, and an assessment on the
EU’s resource productivity. Chapter three offers a background to the resource
productivity indicator by describing the materials flow analysis framework and by
relating recommended characteristics for different kinds of material indicators.
Chapter four provides a review of previous literature on the topic of drivers of
resource productivity, including research models used in previous studies, while
chapter five describes the data used in the thesis, as well as presenting the process
of the choice of the econometric model. Diagnostics testing of the model’s
adequacy is also presented in chapter five. Chapter six presents results, analysis,
and discussion, and lastly, chapter seven presents the conclusions of the thesis.

2 Resource productivity as a policy instrument

In this chapter the terms resource productivity and resource efficiency will be
defined, followed by a review of policy within the field of resource use. Policy is
predominantly reviewed with regards to the EU, but an overview of global policy
is also given for context. A short assessment of the level of resource productivity
in the EU is also given.

2.1 Defining resource productivity and resource efficiency
This thesis will treat resource productivity and resource efficiency throughout.
Therefore, the distinction between the two is a key concept that must be understood
when moving forward. Resource efficiency is primarily an engineering term that
refers to either increasing resource productivity or decreasing resource intensity,
4

in relation to all natural materials as well as concepts such as clean air, biodiversity
or fertile soil. However, it is also used within the economic and policy context as
an umbrella concept that includes initiatives and approaches for increasing
material (and energy) efficiency, and decoupling of economic growth from
resource use (Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019).
Resource productivity, on the other hand, is generally defined as output value per
input amount. The metrics commonly used are GDP for output value and domestic
material consumption (DMC) for input amounts, thus resulting in resource
productivity equal to GDP/DMC (Eurostat, 2020d). This metric is used to define
how much economic benefit is produced from used materials. Accordingly, low
resource productivity means that a large amount of resources is used in order to
produce a relatively low amount of economic benefit, while high resource
productivity means that a relatively small amount of natural resources is used to
create a high amount of economic benefit. (Gan et al., 2013) The term material
productivity is also used within the literature on the topic, for example by
Fernández-Herrero & Duro (2019), where material productivity is also defined by
GDP/DMC. The terms are interchangeable, but this thesis will subsequently use
the term resource productivity for clarity purposes.
Domestic material consumption (DMC) is defined as the “total amount of material
directly used in an economy” (Eurostat, 2020c, section 3.), and is calculated by
domestic extraction, adding imports, and subtracting exports (Weisz et al., 2006)
or direct material input (DMI) minus exports (Eurostat, 2020b). As shown in
Figure 1., Finland had the highest DMC per capita rate of the EU-27 countries in
2019, followed by Estonia and Sweden, while Italy had the lowest, followed by
the Spain and the Netherlands.

5

40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0

Italy
Spain
Netherlands
Greece
Belgium
Croatia
France
Malta
Slovakia
European Union -…
Latvia
European Union -…
Germany (until…
Slovenia
Czechia
Portugal
Hungary
Poland
Lithuania
Cyprus
Austria
Bulgaria
Luxembourg
Denmark
Ireland
Romania
Sweden
Estonia
Finland

DMC tonnes per capita EU-27

2019

2000

Figure 1. Domestic material consumption, tonnes per capita, EU-27 countries, 2000 & 2019.
Source: (Eurostat, 2020a).

2.2 Policy

Resources and materials comprise the foundation for trade, and therefore affect
policy over a wide array of topics, including growth, climate, investment, and
innovation, among other things (Flachenecker, 2017). In the following subsections
a brief overview of global resource use policy in the context of policy on
sustainable development will be given, followed by a more detailed review of the
EU’s policy framework on resource efficiency.

2.2.1 Global resource use policy

The history of resource policy spans far back in time in both national and
international terms. However, the link made between the economic and
environmental effects of material use is a newer one, famously taking its place on

6

the international stage at the UN conference in Stockholm in 1972, where it was
proclaimed that
the protection and improvement of the human environment is a major issue
which affects the well-being of peoples and economic development throughout
the world; it is the urgent desire of the peoples of the whole world and the duty
of all Governments. (United Nations, 1972, p. 3).
Materials were defined as essential to the management of the environment, and the
discussion of materials and resources was thereafter made a staple in the global
sustainable development policy forum (Flachenecker, 2017).
The Stockholm conference was succeeded by the UN conference in Rio de Janeiro
in 1992, or the “Earth Summit”, where Agenda 21 was written. Agenda 21 put
focus on improving information aspects of material use, such as the establishing
of material databases, as well as understanding the links between the environment
and the economy, while also promoting resource efficiency (United Nations,
1992). In contrast to Agenda 21, which entailed voluntary measures to be decided
upon by the sovereign states (United Nations, 1992), the Kyoto Protocol, which
was written in 1997, specified targets for emissions reductions that industrialized
countries then committed to (Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change, 1997).
The concept of the decoupling of material use from economic growth and
environmental pressures was reinforced by the OECD meeting in Paris in 2001,
where member states adopted a strategy that encompassed policy tools that would
promote conditions for the increase of resource productivity (OECD, 2001).
Up until the UN Copenhagen conference in 2009, the international policy on
environmental sustainability had largely been built upon a top-down method,
where smaller countries were expected to follow larger countries example. This
approach was found to be ineffective and a bottom-up approach was adopted
instead, where countries were given the option to give their own sustainability
pledges, and commitment would be ensured by reputational consequences
(Falkner, 2016; UNFCCC, 2009).

7

Other key initial initiatives regarding policy on resource efficiency are: the UNEP
International Resource Panel in 2007, which was created in order to improve and
share knowledge (UNEP, 2020); the Kobe 3R Action Plan by the G8 countries in
2008, where the G8 countries committed to reducing waste (G8, 2008); and the
Alliance on Resource Efficiency by the G7 countries in 2015, where a platform
was established for discussions on views and best practices (G7, 2015). The lack
of binding, and quantified international policies has, however, been argued to be a
cause for some heterogeneity that still exists within definitions on material
indicators, material value-chains, and related policies (Bahn-Walkowiak & Steger,
2015).
The latest most prominent international agreements regarding resource policy are
The Paris Climate Agreement, The UN’s Sustainable Development Goals, and The
Addis Ababa Action Agenda, which were all formed in 2015 (Flachenecker, 2017).
These agreements will not be detailed in this thesis, as the focus lies on the EU and
its relation to resource use and the indicator resource productivity.
The main policy strategies for resource efficiency in the EU are outlined in the
Europe 2020 Strategy, the Flagship Initiative on Resource Efficiency including the
Resource Efficiency Roadmap, and the Circular Economy Package (Domenech &
Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019). The EU’s resource policy will be detailed in the
following subsection.

2.2.2 Resource use on the EU’s policy agenda
The EU’s legal basis for policy regarding protection of the environment stretches
back to the EC’s Single European Act of 1986, which was later refined in both the
Treaty of Maastricht, and the Treaty of Amsterdam. In addition, in the Treaty of
Lisbon, sustainable development is referred to as one of the objectives of the EU.
In the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), which is one of
the founding treaties of the EU, a principle on rational and prudent use of resources
is declared as a part of the EU’s policy on environmental protection. (Domenech
& Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019)

8

More recently, the EU has focused much of its policy making on resource
efficiency and the circular economy.
In the 2015 and 2020 action plans for the circular economy (European
Commission, 2015b, 2020) the main focus is set on creating a circular and resource
efficient economy, and in the 2011 Roadmap to a Resource Efficient Europe
(European Commission, 2011), it is stated that improving resource efficiency
enhances competitiveness of the economy. These ambitious and comprehensive
policy packages, which will be described in more detail shortly, underline the
weight that the EU is setting on resource use as a key factor not only in fighting
climate change but also for purposes relating to the competitiveness of the EU.
As stated previously, the EU bases its vision for a resource efficient economy on
three main strategies. The first of the three, the Flagship Initiative on Resource
Efficiency, is operationalized by four main instruments and roadmaps. These are:
The Low-carbon Economy 2050 Roadmap, the Roadmap for a Resource-efficient
Europe, the Energy Roadmap 2050, and the European Transport Plan. As such, the
Roadmap for a Resource-Efficient Europe is part of the Flagship Initiative on
Resource Efficiency. The vision of the roadmap is to contribute to creating an EU
that grows, while taking in to account resource constraints and the planets
boundaries by 2050. (European Commission, 2011) The summarized main purpose
of the roadmap, is to achieve a decoupling of economic growth, resource use, and
environmental consequences, as well as to increase resource productivity
(Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019).
The roadmap focuses on a set of areas within the policy target Transforming the
Economy. The roadmap sets milestones to follow progress and establishes
responsibilities for both the European Commission (EC) and the member states for
all the key areas (Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019). The areas are:
Sustainable Consumption and Production, Environmentally Harmful Subsidies
(EHS) and Taxation, Innovation and Research, and Waste as a Resource (European
Commission, 2011). Next, the allocated responsibilities and milestones will be
presented for respective key areas.
Within the area of Sustainable Consumption and Production, main responsibilities
allocated to the EC are strengthening and promoting green public procurement
9

(GPP), establishing an approach for actors to assess environmental performance of
products, and expanding the Ecodesign-directive to include non-energy products.
Member states responsibilities include creating incentives for companies to
improve RE and RE benchmarking, establishing policies extending producer
responsibility, optimizing resource efficiency of packaging, aiding companies in
using waste, supporting small-medium enterprises, and revising lists of Substances
of Very High Concern. Milestones to be reached by 2020 were to have incentives
in place that steer companies and investments towards resource efficiency, that all
companies are equipped to measure and benchmark their RE, that growth is
decoupled from resource inputs, and that price signals and information
appropriately steer citizens to consume resource efficient products. (Domenech &
Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019; European Commission, 2011)
Responsibilities of the EC within EHS and Taxation are exchanging of best
practices for-, and the phasing out of, EHS; improving indicators for the use of
taxes on resources and pollution; and the assessment of state aid directed to
resource efficiency. The responsibilities of the member states for EHS and
Taxation include identifying the most significant environmentally harmful
subsidies and preparing timetables and plans to phase out EHS, as well as
reviewing their fiscal policy to support resource efficiency. Member states are also
responsible for shifting taxation from labor to environmental impacts. Milestones
for EHS and Taxation were to phase out EHS by 2020, and to create a profound
shift from labor oriented taxation to taxation of environmental impacts.
(Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019; European Commission, 2011)
Within the area of Innovation and Research only one main responsibility was set
for member states while the EC was mandated several. The EC’s responsibilities
include developing partnerships and so-called “joint technology initiatives”,
addressing barriers to environmental innovations, and focusing EU research
funding on key RE objectives. Member States were given the responsibility of
focusing public research funds on RE objectives. Milestones for the Innovation
and Research area were to, by 2020, have made significant scientific breakthroughs
and to have improved the understanding and management of resources by
substantial growth in investment and coherence in practices. (Domenech & BahnWalkowiak, 2019; European Commission, 2011)
10

Lastly, the area of Waste as a Resource also only sets one responsibility on member
states, while many points are made both on responsibilities for the EC, as well as
on milestones. Starting with the responsibilities set on the EC, the first three are:
stimulating secondary material markets by economic incentives; reviewing waste
prevention-, landfill diversion-, and 3R (reduce, reuse, recycle) targets; and
assessing possibilities for setting minimum rates for recycled materials. Other
responsibilities set on the EC are: eradicating illegal waste transport, focusing
public funding on activities located highly in the waste hierarchy, and ensuring
exchanges of best practices on waste collection and treatment. The single
responsibility set on member states is to ensure implementation of minimum
targets on waste prevention and management. Milestones for the area were to reach
an absolute decline in waste, and to treat waste as a resource. Also, the use of waste
was to be economically attractive, due to functioning secondary material markets.
Other milestones to be reached by 2020 were the full implementation of waste
legislation, the eradication of illegal waste transports, the limitation of energy
recovery to non-recyclable materials, and the phasing out of landfilling.
(Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019; European Commission, 2011)
The different areas of the target policy Transforming the Economy, and
particularly the areas of taxation and waste as a resource, act as a basis for the
Circular Economy Action Plan that was first released in 2015 (Domenech & BahnWalkowiak, 2019). Next, the EU’s Circular Economy Action Plans policies
relating to resource use will be briefly accounted for.
Like the Roadmap for a Resource-Efficient Europe, the Circular Economy Package
also originates in the Flagship Initiative on Resource Efficiency (Domenech &
Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019). The first Circular Economy Action Plan was published
in 2015 (European Commission, 2015b), and the second, the New Circular
Economy Action Plan, was published in 2020 (European Commission, 2020).
Interestingly, another circular economy package existed, published under EC
president Barroso in July 2014, that was withdrawn as one of the new EC President
Jean-Claude Juncker’s first decisions, less than six months after the proposal was
given. The withdrawal led to substantial push-back from innovative companies and
the new Commission decided to re-write the legislation, leading to an even more
ambitious action plan. (Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019; European
11

Commission, 2015a) Again, the importance of resource use policy, and the
importance of the EU’s choices pertaining to the topic, are emphasized. It can be
concluded that the events that resulted in the withdrawal and the re-proposal of the
Circular Economy Package were descriptive of the urgency and significance of
resource use policy.
The first CE action plan laid focus on much of the same points that the Roadmap
for a Resource Efficient Europe did, highlighting the same key areas that were
described above, as well as enforcing and updating to a wide extent the previously
given responsibilities of the EC. However, in addition to largely building upon the
RE roadmap, five priority areas were defined. These areas are 1) plastics, 2) food
waste, 3) critical raw materials, 4) construction and demolition, and 5) biomass
and bio-based products. (European Commission, 2015b) One of the key measures
of the 2015 action plan was to review the previously mentioned Eco-design
directive, so that it would include measures that improved product requirements
regarding durability, reparability and recyclability throughout processes such as
design, disposal, recovery and recycling (Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019).
Now that the EU’s key policy documents on resource use have been presented, a
review of the discussion on the effects of improved resource productivity will be
given. Whether increasing resource productivity or resource efficiency has a
positive effect on the economy is a substantial topic within the policy range of
resource use, and furthermore, it is a discussion that is nonuniform. The economic
benefits of improved RP are relevant to this thesis because they assume a key role
in the EU’s policy decisions regarding resource use. It is important to understand
underlying factors that drive the policy field as a whole, in order to be able to
interpret the appropriateness of the resource productivity indicator and reflect on
why it has been chosen as a lead indicator.

2.2.3 Benefits from increased resource efficiency

Flachenecker (2018) suggests that caution should be applied when assuming that
resource efficiency leads to higher competitiveness, based on findings that show
12

that an increase in resource productivity does not significantly change four out of
six chosen macroeconomic indicators. Flachenecker states that his findings depend
highly on the macroeconomic indicators chosen and subsequently points to the lack
of agreement over the concept of competitiveness. The two indicators that were
found to be causally related to increased resource productivity were wage rates per
capita and current account rates. Flachenecker’s findings show that both wage rates
and account rates are positively affected by an increase in resource productivity,
although account rates are affected with lower confidence.
Nonetheless, the EU maintains that increasing resource efficiency goes hand in
hand with improved competitiveness. A report ordered by the European
Commission’s Directorate General for Enterprise and Industry states that
representatives for key industries agree that “resource efficiency is an important
and valid strategy for cost reduction and increasing competitiveness” (Ecorys,
2011, p. 105) and that, in general, research on whether or not investment in
resource efficiency leads to gains is indecisive. On one hand, it is seen that
investment in resource efficiency creates gains through improving sales, while on
the other hand it is connected with higher prices leading to lower market shares.
(Rademaekers et al., 2011)
The Roadmap to a Resource Efficient Europe, on the other hand, which drives the
case for resource productivity and decoupling, puts forward four potential benefits
of improving resource efficiency. The first is improving productivity and, thus,
competitiveness through reducing costs. The communication states that growth has
been based on decreasing resource prices for a long time, but also that this is no
longer the case due to increasing resource scarcity. The second benefit stated is
growth and creation of jobs, which is strongly based on the level of technological
and organizational change. Thirdly, the environment is set to benefit from reduced
emissions, while a greater resilience to climate change is created within the
economy. Lastly, macroeconomic stability is stated as the fourth potential benefit
arising from increased resource efficiency. This claim is based on reduction of
uncertainties regarding resource supply and market volatility, as well as new
potential to underpin fiscal reform. (European Commission, 2011)

13

Turning to statistical findings, Busu & Trica (2019) use a multiple linear regression
model to study the sustainability and the economic impacts of the EU’s CE model
and show that six CE indicators (including resource productivity), have
significantly positive effects on GDP growth, and thus conclude that a CE model
does generate economic growth in a sustainable way.
What then, is hindering progress in resource efficiency? Barriers to an expanding
resource efficiency are mostly regarded to be policy-, and information oriented.
These barriers include the lack and misalignment of incentives, as well as a lack of
access to knowledge and information, and governance- and horizontal barriers.
Within the category of lack of incentives are named, among others, poor financial
incentives, including poor market demand, high costs, low return on investment or
long pay back prognoses and, lastly, limits to BATs, or best available technologies.
(Rademaekers et al., 2011)
The resource efficiency roadmap also discusses decoupling of material usage and
economic activity. How decoupling is related to policy is an important matter to
understand in order to assess how decoupling fits in with policy prioritization. This
topic will be discussed in the next subsection.

2.2.4 Decoupling

The decoupling of material use and economic activity is a fundamental feature
within the area of resource efficiency and resource productivity. The OECD
defines decoupling as “breaking the link between ‘environmental bads’ and
‘economic goods’ ” (OECD, n.d., p.11). Decoupling can be absolute or relative.
Absolute decoupling implies an expanding economy while environmental
impacts decrease, and relative decoupling implies increasing environmental
impacts that are growing at a slower pace than the economy. The notion of
decoupling is a rather simplified one, and not always the same as decreasing
environmental impacts. The logic is that decreasing resource use per generated
economic unit will parallelly reduce environmental impacts. The reality is, on the
other hand, more complicated, as the increased use of certain resources can in
14

fact be beneficial due to system properties. For example, situations may exist
where resources are abundant, and their use may not create negative
environmental impacts. Another situation where decoupling shouldn’t be a policy
priority is when the increase of the use of one resource with a low environmental
impact can be used to decrease the use of another resource with a high
environmental impact. Thus, it is important not to assume decoupling as a
universal goal, but rather a policy goal that is implemented case-specifically.
Another caveat surrounding decoupling is the rebound effect, which states that a
commodity that is made cheaper through using less resources to produce it, can
increase demand. Thus, the innovation that leads to a less resource intensive
production simply decreases prices and subsequently increases demand. (OECD,
2009)
As shown in Figure 2., many EU countries are situated in the relative-decoupling
area, as well as in the absolute decoupling area. The absolute decoupling area is
defined by a negative annual change rate of DMC, in other words everything
below the horizontal line, while relative decoupling is defined by a positive
annual change rate of DMC, that is lower than the corresponding annual change
rate of GDP. The 45-degree line demonstrates the breaking point, where a
country’s annual change rate of DMC is equal to that of GDP. Norway, Romania,
and Albania are the only three countries that fall under the category of no
decoupling. Interestingly, the EU-27 belongs to absolute decoupling, although
the negative annual change rate of DMC is quite small. (Eurostat, 2021g) Also
noteworthy are Greece and Italy, whose annual change rates of GDP fall quite
near to zero. If a country’s average annual change rate of GDP and DMC is
negative, then it cannot be considered to belong to the decoupling countries,
because in fact the two are then positively correlated with one another.

15

Figure 2. Changes of domestic material consumption and GDP, EU-27, 2000-2019. Source:
(Eurostat, 2021g)

2.3 How resource productive is the EU?

The level of resource productivity in the EU-27 has increased by 36% between
2000 and 2019 (Eurostat, 2020d), demonstrating the general direction for
decoupling economic growth from material use. Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak
(2019) mainly attribute the increase (until 2014) to the negative trends within
resource intensive industries such as manufacturing and construction leading to a
decrease of DMC, and a growing share of imported metals and fossil fuels that
DMC doesn’t fully capture.
In 2019, the Netherlands had the highest resource productivity, at 4.42 euro/kg,
while the United Kingdom, Luxembourg, and Belgium follow in that order. In a
country profile report on the Netherlands, the success in resource efficiency is
attributed to securing of raw materials, economic growth, environmental impact
reduction, growth within employment, and the restoring of natural capital as well
as the sustainable use of it (European Environment Agency, 2016). Figure 3. shows
16

the development of resource productivity in Finland, Estonia, Germany, the
Netherlands, and the EU-27.

Resource productivity, GDP / DMC
5,
4,5
4,
3,5
3,
2,5
2,
1,5
1,
0,5
0,

EU-27

Finland

Estonia

Germany

Netherlands

Figure 3. Resource productivity, 2000-2019, euro per kilogram. Source: (Eurostat, 2020d).

The concept of resource productivity has been presented in this chapter, and the
structure of the EU’s policy on resource use has been described. Additionally, the
discussion on the economic benefits of improved RP was reviewed, followed by a
description of the related concept of decoupling. In the next chapter, a thorough
presentation of the framework and analysis model that resource productivity
belongs to, will be given.

3 Indicator background and material flow analysis

The purpose of chapter three is to give a thorough context on the framework of
material indicators and measurement tools that the resource productivity indicator
belongs to. As this thesis focuses on the drivers of resource productivity and the
appropriateness of the measure as an indicator, a proper understanding of the
background to material flow measurement is necessary. Additionally, the
appropriateness of the indicator cannot be attempted to be judged, without a deep
17

understanding of the possibilities and limitations of the available measurement
framework. The relation between material flow analysis (MFA) and resource
productivity will thus be described in the following subsections. The key concepts
of MFA indicators and their desired properties will be accounted for, to support
this thesis’ ability to make accurate conclusions on the usefulness, appropriateness,
and legitimacy of the resource productivity indicator.
In 2008, the OECD published its first volume of guidance documents named
Measuring Material Flows and Resource Productivity (OECD, 2008), in which a
comprehensive framework was given on the hows and whys of measuring material
flows and resource productivity. The documents set out to harmonize the
international field, and to produce a guide with insights in desirable characteristics
of both material flow- and resource productivity measurement. The presentation of
the framework for material flow analysis is largely based on the guidance
documents written by the OECD. These documents are judged to be the most
suitable for the purposes of this chapter, especially since most EU countries are
part of the OECD and the documents act as the basis for international material flow
analysis.
In subsection 3.1, material flow analysis will be described by outlining a definition
both conceptually and in practical terms. Key concepts, and the purposes and goals
of material flow analysis are presented. Subsection 3.2 provides a more detailed
description of the area within material flow analysis that the indicator resource
productivity belongs to, while subsection 3.3 reviews the information purposes of
material flow analysis, offering a general perspective on how the framework
aspires to provide information depending on the audience. Subsection 3.4. presents
information on desirable properties for indicators.

3.1 Material flow analysis

When treating resource productivity, the concept of material flow analysis (MFA)
is implicit. According to the OECD, MFA is “the study of physical flows of natural
resources and materials into, through and out of a given system (usually the
18

economy)”(OECD, 2008, p.11). Mass balancing is a key component in MFA,
stating that neither mass nor energy is created or destroyed in any physical process.
This acts as the basis for MFA, which, in practice, is an accounting effort that
analyses the relationships of environmental changes, human activities, and
material flows. MFA is thus a family of instruments including different
measurement tools and approaches for analysis. These instruments can be wielded
and combined for a variety of issues, depending on the objective in question.
Economy-wide analysis, substance analysis, product-specific analysis, and inputoutput analysis compose the main segments of MFA. (OECD, 2008)
The purpose of MFA is to improve collective knowledge on the economy’s
material basis, as well as on the economy’s supply-demand issues. Furthermore,
aiding in locating inefficient natural resource use in process chains, that might
otherwise go undetected, is another main purpose of MFA. The benefits of MFA
compared to other approaches are, for example, the ability to capture material
flows that may not be illustrated as priced goods, but still carry relevance for the
environment. MFA also has the capacity to showcase flows not just within one
country’s borders, but also across national ones. How activities affect regions
across national borders economically and environmentally, is immensely valuable
information. The aforementioned aspects mainly benefit policy makers in
understanding interrelationships between the environment and the economy, and
the implications and trade-offs that emerge depending on different policy choices.
(OECD, 2008)

3.2 Meso-level MFA

The tools that comprise material flow analysis can be subdivided into different
categories. When regarding analysis application, there are two main groups to be
taken into consideration. The first group of methods for analysis includes substance
flow analysis (SFA), local systems analysis (LSA), and material system analysis
(MSA). This group has a more specific focus, where concerns are linked to specific
materials (or substances) and can be seen in Figure 4. as the blue area. The analyses
in the second group, which are of interest in this thesis, focus on general concerns
19

on the level of enterprises, sectors, nations, or aggregate regions, and in general on
economic concepts. The analyses that are included in this second group are: life
cycle assessment (LCA), business level MFA, input-output analysis (IOA), and
economy-wide material flow analysis (EW-MFA). (OECD, 2008) Out of these
four methods, input-output analysis is the most relevant in this thesis and is
categorized as a meso-level MFA tool. The overall structure of MFA and its
applications is illustrated in Figure 4., showing, on the left-hand side of the figure
the relevant group of tools, and the level of detail of the tool increasing towards
the bottom of the illustration. In the figure, input-output analysis is situated second
from the top after economy-wide analysis. This structure shows how input-output
analysis has a relatively low level of detail while belonging to a group of tools that
analyze material flows on, among other economic specifications, the industry
level. (OECD, 2008)

Figure 4. Architecture of material flow analysis (MFA). Source (OECD, 2008)

The topic of this thesis thus pertains to the meso-level of MFA. Meso-level MFA
is distinguished by providing an analysis of material flows with a higher level of
detail than the macro-level MFA. In the meso-level, different categories of
materials, as well as industries and branches, are looked into. The value of this
kind of analysis is in the ability to carry out more focused, tailored analyses
specific to a certain material, industry, or branch. This in turn supports decision
making and management specific to a certain material, industry, or branch.
(OECD, 2008)

20

The information produced in meso-level MFA is particularly helpful for observing
structural changes on a macro- and global scale, and development monitoring of
environmental performance and resource productivity, as well as for aiding in the
decision-making processes relating to these functions. The pinpointing of areas
where efficiency gains are possible is also a field where meso-level MFA is
particularly effective, by helping to find pollution sources and materials wastes.
The areas where meso-level MFA is seen to be most relevant for decision making
and policy are: policies regarding energy and climate change, waste management
integration, management of sustainable materials, and policies on integrated
products. (OECD, 2008)

3.3 Information purposes of MFA

One key objective of indicators and other MFA tools is the simplification of
information and communication processes. It is important to distinguish between
functions and audiences of the measurement tools, as well as between general and
specific purposes of the tools. Indicator sets and key indicators are the primary
tools used for the support of policy makers and government officials. (OECD,
2008)
The function of simplifying MFA to facilitate easier communication and adapting
it for user needs poses a certain problematic. Simplifying and adapting the MFA
information can render it less robust in providing information on causal
relationships, in strictly scientific terms. Thus, the indicators represent trade-offs
between statistical quality, analytical soundness, and user relevance. The
audiences for indicators are mostly non-experts, e.g., government officials,
journalists, policymakers, and the general public. This underlines the need for
indicators to be meaningful and understandable, again rendering the information
less complex and with a lower level of detail. (OECD, 2008)
General purposes of the material flow (MF) indicators are: supporting public
communication and decision making, and promoting policy integration as well as
coherence, as was touched upon earlier. Specific purposes, on the other hand, can
21

be more concise. According to the OECD guidance document, material flow
indicators can be especially helpful in the use of measuring progress in both
economic and environmental performance regarding resource use. This can be
done both on a macro-economic level as well as at different stages within
production and consumption. These specific purposes include monitoring
decoupling of resource use from economic activity, promoting re-use, measuring
efficiency of MF policy as well as monitoring goals and targets, benchmarking,
measuring industry performance, and the observation of critical aspects of
materials supply. An overview of the information purposes of different types of
MF tools is given in Figure 5., where the role, audience, and properties of the
respective measurement tools are also described. On the left-hand side of the
figure, the information pyramid ranks the different tools according to the purposes
for which they are meant. Found at the bottom of the pyramid are the tools
appropriate for detailed analysis, such as basic data on various areas, while the
tools found at the top of the pyramid, such as key indicators and indices, are ones
meant for communication purposes. The main idea of the pyramid is to distinguish
between the level of information provided by the tools. At the top are found
simplified tools that are appropriate for relating key properties of a system, while
the tools at the bottom have a higher number of measurements and parameters
providing a basis for more in-depth analyses. The figure also demonstrates the role
of each tool, as well as the audience for which it is intended, and the respective
main properties. Key indicators, such as resource productivity, are the second
highest group, showing that the appropriate use is within communication rather
than analysis. The stated role is to act as a supporting mechanism for information
and communication purposes, while being used by non-experts such as high level
policymakers and the general public. (OECD, 2008)

22

Figure 5. Information pyramid on MFA indicators. Source: (OECD, 2008).

3.4 Desired properties

As noted, the purposes and properties of indicators are described in the 2008
OECD guidance document. Subsequently, these properties are used to define and
categorize indicators in an attempt to generalize the usefulness of each indicator
set and to portray their key utilities. (OECD, 2008)
Two points are made on the desirable properties of indicators. The first is
“simplicity and ease of understanding” (OECD, 2008, p.72), referring to
indicators’ primary role as tools for decision making and information. The second
property is “acceptance and credibility” (OECD, 2008, p.72), which is a key point
for the overall appropriateness of indicators.
On the role of indicators with regards to the desirable properties, the guidance
document states the following:

23

Indicators play an important role in stimulating and informing debates centred
around the messages they convey. These messages need to be credible for the
stakeholders involved and debates that question the validity of the indicators
instead of focusing on the messages conveyed must be avoided. (OECD, 2008,
p.72)
The importance of the indicators being valid in the user’s perspective, is
emphasized, and it is made clear that different stakeholders must participate in the
selection and definition of indicators at an early state for good results to be reached.
Without acceptance and credibility, a wider use of an indicator cannot be expected,
by and by, feedback will not be given, leading to the absence of refinement of the
indicator. (OECD, 2008)
Now that the framework that the resource productivity indicator belongs to has
been accounted for, the following chapter will give insight into previous literature
on resource productivity, and especially set focus the factors that have previously
been found to drive resource productivity. The following chapter will give this
thesis a basis on which to build a hypothesis, as previous works have found
conclusive evidence on several variables that drive resource productivity when
regarding a global sample.

4 Previous literature on drivers of resource productivity

The use of resource productivity as an indicator for sustainability has been
scrutinized due to the correlation with income and the indicator being based on
GDP. Figure 6. shows the development of RP and GDP per capita from the year
2000 to 2019, and a clear parallel development can be seen over time. A simple
interpretation of the correlation would be that countries with high income are more
sustainable, even though they tend to consume most resources. ( Steinberger &
Krausmann, 2011). Nevertheless, using resource productivity as an indicator has
remained popular partly due to the simplicity of the metric. Yet, the criticism is not

24

unfounded and, therefore, the importance of being able to interpret the indicator as
well as possible is of paramount importance.
Gan et al. (2013) show that resource productivity increases with increased income
levels and remark that comparisons of resource productivity between countries are
best done between countries with similar income levels. Moreover, they find that
population density is positively correlated with resource productivity, and that the
ratio of agriculture to industrialization to service sector also has a significant effect
on resource productivity. Resource productivity is driven by a growing
industrialization and decreasing agriculture in the industrialization transition, and
by the growth of the service sector respective decrease of industry in the transition
to a service-oriented economy. This finding implies the possibility of a negative
relationship between both primary and secondary production and RP, assuming
that the EU is in the transition between an industrialized economy and a serviceoriented economy. The first hypothesis of this thesis is based on these observations.
The fourth observation made by Gan et al. about drivers for resource productivity
is the negative effect of raw material exports.

Resource Productivity & GDP - EU 27
2,2

28 000
27 000

2,

26 000
1,8

25 000

1,6

24 000
23 000

1,4

22 000
1,2

21 000

1,

20 000

Resource Productivity

GDP per capita

Figure 6. Resource productivity and GDP per capita for EU-27 aggregate, 2000-2018. Source:
Own elaboration from (Eurostat, 2020d, 2021e)

Gan et al. also find that the indicator resource productivity does not reflect whether
a country´s energy consumption is predominantly based on fossil fuels or on
25

renewables, or even transitioning to a more renewable based consumption, which
stakes the widespread criticism of the indicator, namely the fact that it does not in
any way differentiate between materials consumed. A proportionately high use of
renewables for energy production may lead to a high biomass consumption in
tonnes, while the fact that materials used are renewable is not taken into account.
The authors suggest that a differentiation of these two types of resources within
the indicator could benefit future research on the subject.
Steinberger & Krausmann (2011) argue that fossil-fuel consumption versus
consumption of biomass is the key reason for poor countries performing “worse”
than rich countries in resource productivity. They argue that poor countries
consume as much biomass as rich countries, while rich countries consume far more
fossil fuels, leading to lower aggregate productivity for poor countries, based on
the assumption that economies are mainly fossil driven. In their analysis
Steinberger and Krausmann (2011) study the income elasticities of material use
and find that material use is as a whole inelastic due to the fact that the biomass
component is inelastic, even though the income-elasticity of fossil fuel use is
proportional. Note here that the results regard material use elasticity. The
implications of these findings are that resource productivity tends to increase when
income increases, and more specifically tends to increase more when the fossil fuel
material share is higher within the parameter for resources used. The result in
interpretation is that countries with a smaller use of fossil fuels-based materials
(often poorer countries) are relatively less efficient. To mitigate these issues
Steinberger & Krausmann suggest comparing countries in one income range, or at
a narrower income scope than the global sample they use, and that modeling
research this way could create a better basis for analysis. As can be seen in Figure
7., use of fossil energy carriers in the EU is following a decreasing trend (Eurostat,
2020a). This observation is an important one for the interpretation of results in this
thesis and can be discussed as an influential factor for the EU’s RP development.
The findings of Steinberger & Krausmann suggest that an increasing use of fossil
energy carriers leads to a relatively larger increase in RP than would be seen with
an increasing use of biomass. This information relates to the relative effects
between fossil energy carriers and biomass. With a decreasing level of fossil
energy carrier use in the EU, a negative relationship could be expected between
26

fossil energy carriers and resource productivity. The hypothesis is strengthened by
Gan et al.’s findings, where a negative relationship between RP and first
agriculture, and then industrialization is found in the respective transitions to first,
an economy based on industry, and second to an economy based on the service
sector. This argument, however, assumes a negative relationship between use of
fossil energy carriers and the ratio of the service sector in an economy.

Figure 7. Development of domestic material consumption by main material category for EU-27
aggregate, 2000=100, 2000-2019. Source: (Eurostat, 2021c)

Gan et al. (2013) conclude that the metric of resource productivity is not
particularly useful or appropriate when applied to countries with high relative
exports of raw materials, due to the deductions of exports that are made in the
calculation of DMC. Subsequently, low-income countries with, for example, high
exports of fossil-fuels and ores can show a high GDP/DMC, because the share of
GDP coming from raw-material exports (and thus not counted in DMC) is so high.
Fernández-Herrero & Duro (2019) carry out a similar study as Gan et al. (2013),
adding an inequality component in order to investigate drivers for inequality in
resource productivity between countries. The study’s general analysis on drivers
for resource productivity shows similar results to Gan et al. (2013) where affluence
and population density show a positive effect and high agriculture dependence a

27

negative effect. Fernández-Herrero & Duro (2019) also indicate that openness to
trade exhibits a positive relation to resource productivity.
As results from previous studies on the topic conclusively find that affluence,
population density and economic structure affect a country’s resource productivity,
this thesis also expects to find similar relationships. As the effects for the time
period and region that this thesis investigates have not previously been examined,
it is possible that the results may differ somewhat, due to more service-focused
economic structures, and other changed components such as primary production
subsidies and price-controls. In addition, as EU policy has laid great focus on the
area in the last decade, drivers for resource productivity may have changed
profoundly, even in a short amount of time.
The hypotheses that are drawn based on the previous literature within drivers for
resource productivity are thus, 1) that a negative relationship between resource
productivity and both the primary- and secondary sector exists, and 2) that a
negative relationship between resource productivity and both use of biomass and
fossil energy carriers exists. These hypotheses will act as the basis for the
econometric analysis of this thesis. Whether or not these hypotheses are rejected is
crucial to the interpretation and evaluation of resource productivity as a
sustainability indicator. The relationship between RP and the industry composition
between the primary and secondary sector influences the interpretation of the
indicator greatly because countries in the EU have widely different economic
structures, leading to a one-size-fits-all interpretation being highly inappropriate.
Additionally, the effect of the material composition of the economy has most
important consequences on the appropriateness of the indicator, as a bio-based
economy is being made a focal point in EU-policy.
In the next subsection the research designs used in previous literature are
presented. Thereafter, in Chapter 5., the data and methodology used in the
econometric analysis are presented.

28

4.1 Research designs of previous studies

Fernández-Herrero & Duro (2019) base their analysis for drivers of resource
productivity on a basic, logarithmically specified, OLS-regression model, using as
independent variables: affluence, economic structure, demographic structure, and
openness to trade. The variable affluence is represented by GDP in both a linear
and quadratic form, where the quadratic term is transformed by using the
difference of log GDP and the mean of log GDP, in order to avoid
multicollinearity. Economic structure is defined as the value added percentage of
GDP, of economic activity within agriculture. Demographic structure is
represented by population density, while the rate of urbanization as well as
working age population were found to be insignificant as regressors. Lastly,
openness to trade is defined by the sum of exports and imports relative to GDP.
Gan et al. (2013), on the other hand, segment their analysis by first filtering out the
subset of variables that best explains the variation in resource productivity and by
then categorizing themes using a decision tree and subsequently applying a
multiple linear regression model.
Steinberger et al. (2013) study the decoupling of material use from economic
activity, and split their analysis into three parts. The first, a cluster analysis, is used
to categorize the sample countries into different development statuses, based on
material use (per capita) and income. Secondly, they conduct a logarithmically
specified linear least-square regression separately for each of the sample countries,
obtaining the income elasticity of consumption for respective sample country.
Thirdly, they conduct a full panel analysis on the time series. This last step is
conducted by firstly applying tests to see if the variable data follow a stationary
path or if independent development occurs. Secondly cointegration is tested for, in
order to determine whether or not the dependent and independent variables are in
fact correlated. An autoregressive component is also added, correcting for serial
correlation, i.e., the possibility of the time series correlating with itself over time.
West et al. (2014) base their model on a variation of the IPAT framework (Impact
is equal to Population x Affluence x Technology), where environmental impact is
represented by domestic material consumption (DMC), affluence by GDP in
29

exchange rate per capita terms, and technology by material intensity, or
DMC/GDP. West et al. argue for the use of an exchange rate-based GDP term
because of its better aptitude for comparing the value of economic activity
internationally, rather than locally, as the measurement purchasing power parity
(PPP) would. The authors do state, on the other hand, that using PPP as a
measurement of GDP has the advantage of better portraying the real standard of
living in an area. The application of an exchange rate-based GDP is not necessary
in this study due to the fact that the sample countries mostly belong to the eurozone, and international values are thus not distinguishable from local values of
economic activity.
Ulucak et al. (2020) administer a STIRPAT model (Stochastic Impacts by
Regression on, Population, Affluence, and Technology), on the EU 28 countries,
to investigate how in particular globalization, but also, total factor productivity,
human capital, population and growth affect DMC. The study hypothesizes that
the effect of growth on DMC varies, depending on the level of globalization, thus
proposing a non-linear relationship. The authors use a PSTR approach (Panel
Smooth Transition Regression) which is a relatively new model that allows
parameters to vary across individuals and time and argue that it is the most
appropriate model for the data set.
Wang et al. (2017) apply a logarithmic mean divisia index (LMDI) when looking
into drivers for material use in China between 2002 and 2012. In their study, they
choose familiar independent variables, namely, industry structure, affluence,
population, material intensity, and material composition of the economy, as
components into which they break down the effects on material use. In addition to
the LMDI model, the article utilizes a decoupling index for the purpose of
analyzing the decoupling relationship between material use and output in China.
A part of the literature on resource productivity divides drivers into two categories.
The two categories are intensive and extensive variables. Extensive variables
include, for example, economic activity or population, while intensive variables
include income per capita or population density. The main difference between the
two categories is that the intensive variables are normalized and therefore not
dependent on system size. The intensive variables often focus on ratios, which
30

results in much more comparable results between, for example, countries of vastly
different sizes. (Flachenecker, 2017; Weisz et al., 2006) Weisz et al. (2006) find
that in the EU, the differences between intensive and extensive variables, in
variation among countries, are rather small for population density versus
population, but that other intensive variables show a much lower variation than
their corresponding extensive variables. This thesis will focus on intensive
variables of drivers for resource productivity, due to the fact that intensive
variables often give more explanatory information about a system than extensive
ones. See Table 1 for a summary of variables used in the previous literature on
drivers of resource productivity.

Table 1
Overview of independent variables used in previous literature

Independent variables

Previous studies
(Fernández-Herrero & Duro, 2019), (Wang et al.,

Population

2017), (Ulucak et al., 2020), (Gan et al., 2013)
(Fernández-Herrero & Duro, 2019), (Wang et al.,

Affluence

2017), (West et al., 2014), (Gan et al., 2013)
(Fernández-Herrero & Duro, 2019), (Wang et al.,

Share of agriculture/ Economic structure

2017), (Gan et al., 2013)

Openness to trade

(Fernández-Herrero & Duro, 2019)

Material intensity

(Wang et al., 2017), (West et al., 2014)

Globalization

(Ulucak et al., 2020)

Total factor productivity

(Ulucak et al., 2020)

Human capital

(Ulucak et al., 2020)

Growth

(Ulucak et al., 2020)

Raw material export

(Gan et al., 2013)

Biomass vs. fossil material consumption

(Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011)

Fossil vs. renewable energy
consumption

(Gan et al., 2013)

31

5 Data and methodology

The analysis of this thesis is carried out with a quantitative macro-comparative
research design (QMCR), where multilevel modeling is utilized. The application
of this method is appropriate and efficient, as the resource productivity data
available for the EU countries extends from 2000-2018, thus providing a crosssectional panel data structure. Diagnostics are run in this chapter to verify the
appropriateness of the model. The two multilevel model designs that are most
used in QMCR are fixed effects models and random effects models. (Babones,
2014)
This chapter will first present the data and variables chosen for the analysis,
including a subsection with a discussion on missing observations, followed by a
subsection on descriptive statistics. Thereafter, the choices for- and the logic
behind the model specification will be presented, followed by diagnostics testing
of the model, including specifications on assumptions testing.

5.1 Data

Eurostat provides a data table for the Resource Efficient Europe strategy, that
contains a scoreboard as well as main tables that include resource efficiency
indicators, dashboard indicators (materials, land, water, carbon) and datasets for:
Transforming the Economy, Nature and Ecosystems, and Key Areas (HumphrisBach et al., 2016). The lead indicator resource productivity will serve as the
dependent variable in the analysis, while the independent variables will be chosen
to represent main factors that could influence the indicator.
Detailed descriptions of the variables will be given next. Variable names are in
parenthesis.
Resource Productivity (lnRP) is measured by GDP/DMC, and the data for the
variable is collected from the Eurostat main table of the Resource Efficiency
Scoreboard, which is part of the Europe 2020 Strategy. Resource Productivity is
32

the lead indicator of the table. Eurostat defines DMC as follows: “DMC measures
the total amount of materials directly used by an economy. It is defined as the
annual quantity of raw materials extracted from the domestic territory of the local
economy, plus all physical imports minus all physical exports.” (Eurostat, 2020e,
p.1). In the measurement DMC, consumption is denoted as apparent consumption
and not as final consumption. The data description of the indicator also points out
that upstream flows are not included in DMC. Such upstream flows are ones related
to exports and imports of raw materials, and products that originate from outside
the local economy. (Eurostat, 2021f) The unit of measure used in this thesis is euro
per kilogram, measured in chain-linked volumes with the base year 2015. This unit
is chosen to benefit the ease of interpretation of the results. This unit is also stated
as appropriate for comparisons over time, although it is recommended for
comparisons of a single country. The unit Purchasing Power Standards (PPS) per
kg is recommended for analysis between countries in one point in time, and the
indexed unit is recommended for comparing values of different years to one fixed
point in time. (Eurostat, 2021f) Euro per kilogram is thus judged to be the most
appropriate unit for the purposes of this thesis, despite the single-country
recommendation.
Industry composition is given using Eurostat Annual National Accounts
(nama10), where National Accounts Aggregates by Industry are given under
Breakdowns of Main GDP Aggregates (by industry and consumption purpose).
The industry breakdown is by the aggregation levels of the NACE rev.2
classification. The classification divides industry into five different levels of detail.
The detail level used in this thesis is the NACE A*10, which divides industry into
10 categories. (Eurostat, 2021a) This thesis sets weight on finding drivers within
primary and secondary production, and thus the four first classifications of
economic activity are used. These are: [A] Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing, [BE] Industry (except construction), [C] Manufacturing, and [F] Construction. As a
very high correlation is found between Industry and Manufacturing, these two
variables are transformed by summing them together, resulting in a total of three
variables representing the industry composition, namely 1) Agriculture, Forestry
and Fishing (lnAGRI), 2) Industry and Manufacturing (INDMAF), and 3)
Construction (CST). lnAgri represents primary production, while INDMAF and
33

CST together represent secondary production. The unit of measure used for the
industry composition is gross value added in percentage of gross domestic product,
which entails the benefit of additivity between values.
Material composition variables are given in the unit domestic material
consumption, or DMC, by tonnes per capita. Biomass (lnBIOMASS) and fossil
energy carriers1 (lnFOSSIL) are the two material classifications that are chosen to
research effects on resource productivity2, in line with previous studies, such as
Steinberger & Krausmann (2011). The data for the material composition variables
are pulled from Eurostat Material Flow Accounts (Eurostat, 2021b).
Control variables:
Environmental Taxes (ENVTAX) and their effects are controlled for with
environmental tax revenues as a percentage of total revenues from taxes and social
contributions. This unit of measure is better suited than its counterpart
environmental taxes as percentage of GDP, as it is an intensive variable, and thus
describes the proportion between environmental taxation and other taxation in the
Member States, instead of simply describing the size of environmental taxes.
R&D Expenditure (lnRD) is measured by R&D expenditure as percentage of
GDP (Eurostat, 2020c). This unit of measure is chosen for the purposes of this
thesis, because other available units were deemed less suitable, for example, PPS
are not generally used in country comparisons over time due to the fact that they
do not constitute a time-series. Other options, such as the unit euro per inhabitant
was considered, but ultimately the share of GDP laid on research and development
was deemed the more informative unit.
Real GDP per capita (lnGDP) data is also retrieved from Eurostat. The dataset is
found within the EU Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) indicator set
(Eurostat, 2021e). GDP is included in the analysis in both a linear and quadratic

1

Fossil energy carriers include coal and other solid energy materials/carriers, lignite (brown coal),
hard coal, oil shale and tar sands, peat, liquid and gaseous energy materials/carriers, crude oil,
condensate and natural gas liquids, natural gas, fuels bunkered, fuel for land transport, fuel for
water transport, fuel for air transport, and products mainly from fossil energy products.
2
See European Union (2018), especially Annex A, for more information on material classifications.

34

form (GDP2), following Gan et al. (2013) and Steinberger et al. (2013). To avoid
multicollinearity, the quadratic form of GDP is transformed by subtracting the
mean of GDP according to the following specification:
(log(𝐺𝐷𝑃𝑖𝑡 ) − 𝑚𝑒𝑎𝑛(log(𝐺𝐷𝑃𝑖𝑡 ))2

(1)

Population density (lnPOP) data is also retrieved from Eurostat and is given by
persons per square kilometer. The regional classification used for the dataset is the
NUTS 3 classification. There is a break in the computing methodology for
population density between 2016 and 2017, which should be taken into
consideration. The break in methodology is due to a change in territorial
classification. The total amount of regions in the new classification is 2022 regions.
As this study uses data on country level, the effect of the break can be assumed to
be minimal. (Eurostat, 2021d)

5.1.1 Missing observations

Resource productivity data is available for 38 countries including two EU
aggregates. As this thesis focuses on RP in the EU countries, nine non-EU
countries3 are dropped from the beginning leaving 29 countries including two EUaggregates. The remaining data is reviewed, and 14 missing observations are found
out of a total of 6 061 data points (551 observations of 11 variables).
The largest quantity of missing observations is found within the R&D Expenditure
variable, where 10 missing observations are located. Two observations are missing
for GDP, resulting in two missing observations in the quadratic term of GDP.
Missing observations can be categorized as either missing completely at random
(MCAR), missing at random (MAR), and missing not at random (MNAR).
Depending on which of these categories the missing observations belong to,

3

Iceland, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, the Republic of North Macedonia,
Serbia, Turkey, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Albania.

35

different approaches must be taken. For example, MCAR observations do not lead
to bias in the analysis, while MAR can-, and MNAR does lead to bias. It is
impossible to statistically verify if observations are randomly missing, and the
judgement must thus be made based on what is reasonable. Imputing missing
observations can influence the representativeness of the results and must therefore
be done with caution. To judge whether or not the imputations will affect the
results, it is meaningful to consider whether or not the missing data is randomly
missing or non-randomly missing. (van Buuren, 2018)
Regressions performed using the RStudio package disregard rows with missing
observations, which means leaving the missing observations intact would affect
the results because of rows that would be disregarded. As the missing observations
are so few and spread over several countries, it is not believed that the values are
missing due to any relationship with the dependent variable. It is important to
remember that also missing values carry information. As imputation can cause
problems with interpretation of results, these missing values are left as they are.
Leaving the missing observations is not assumed to cause substantial problems in
interpretation, as the share of missing observations is so small.

5.1.2 Descriptive statistics

Histograms and boxplots of all variables were drawn to visually inspect the
distributions of the variables. Based on the histograms and boxplots it is assessed
that the dependent variable resource productivity, and the independent variables
population density, R&D expenditure, biomass, fossil energy carriers, and
agriculture, forestry and fishing would benefit from a log transformation. Before
log transforming biomass and fossil energy carriers, a constant is added (k=2) to
avoid problems of log transforming negatives.
Because of the nature of the industry composition variables, it is important to
consider the effects of logarithmic transformation on the interpretation of the
coefficients. The non-logged industry values are interpreted according to the

36

following: a one-unit change, in this case a one percent change in gross value
added, results in a
( 𝑒 𝑐𝑜𝑒𝑓 − 1) ∗ 100

(2)

percent change in the dependent value. This is due to the fact that the dependent
variable is log transformed. However, when the industry sector variable is also log
transformed, the interpretation changes and is calculated according to the
following. A one percent change in the independent variable is a
(1.01𝑐𝑜𝑒𝑓. − 1) ∗ 100

(3)

percent change in the dependent variable. The important observation here, is in
understanding how much a one percent change in the independent variable really
is, as it is not the same as a one percent change in gross value added. For example,
between 101 and 102 there is a one-unit change, which we established to be equal
to a one percent change in gross value added. However, the percentual change
between 101 and 102 is 0.99, and not 1, just as a one-percent increase on 101, is
102.01. The differences are small but increasing as values diverge from 100. As
the industry sector is measured in percentage of GDP the values are generally quite
far from 100. Equations 2 and 3 also apply to the interpretations of other log
transformed variables.
Lastly, the GDP per capita variable is log transformed, and as previously stated the
quadratic term of log GDP per capita is transformed by subtracting the mean of log
GDP per capita.
Table 2 shows the quantile ranges of the key variables as well as their medians and
means, and minimum and maximum values.

37

Table 2
Descriptive statistics: min., max., mean, median, and quantile range of variables

Min.
1st Qu.
Median
Mean
3rd Qu.
Max.
NA's
Min.
1st Qu.
Median
Mean
3rd Qu.
Max.
NA's

lnRP

lnAGRI

INDMAF

CST

lnBIOMASS

lnFOSSIL

-1,3455
-0,1631
0,2158
0,2525
0,7366
1,5330

-1,6094
0,4055
0,7419
0,7246
1,1632
2,5726

9,50
27,90
33,00
33,45
40,20
71,40

1,0000
4,6000
5,3000
5,4570
6,1000
11,4000

1,19
1,54
1,67
1,72
1,87
2,49

0,01
1,46
1,67
1,70
1,94
2,69

lnGDP
8,0100
9,3600
10,0080
9,8830
10,4180
11,3440
2,0000

GDP2
0,0000
0,0690
0,2822
0,4432
0,5228
3,5094
2,0000

lnPOP

ENVTAX
4,3200
6,2100
7,2100
7,4760
8,6500
13,0000

lnRD
-1,4697
-0,2877
0,2469
0,2063
0,7275
1,3533
10,0000

IND
5,50
15,60
18,30
18,45
21,90
36,50

2,8330
4,3170
4,6430
4,6440
4,8760
7,3450

MAF
3,90
12,20
14,70
15,00
18,20
34,90

5.1.3 Correlation matrix

A correlation matrix is performed to check whether or not the independent
variables are, in fact, independent of one another. If there is strong correlation
between independent variables, then issues from multicollinearity can arise (Hall,
2019).
Table 3 shows the correlations between variables, as well as visualizing the
strengths of the correlations. Originally, the industry composition variables of
industry and manufacturing had an almost perfect collinearity, which was judged
to be problematic, and in particular, thought to be redundant for the analysis.
Therefore, a simple transformation was made where the two variables were
combined. The variable lnAgri can be seen to have a strong correlation with other
variables, but as the strong correlation is with other control variables, the issue
does not need to be amended. Correlations between control variables and other
38

independent variables are not necessarily problematic, as their coefficients are not
in focus, and will not be interpreted. Strong correlation between independent
variables can result in problems of multicollinearity, which will also be tested for
shortly, together with other diagnostics testing. (Wooldridge, 2012)
Table 3
Correlation matrix. Source: own elaboration.

5.2 Model specification

For the specification of the model, OLS-, fixed effects- and random effects models
were all specified and then tested for consistency. In addition, the data was tested
for individual and time effects using a two-ways Lagrange Multiplier test.
(Wooldridge, 2001)
The pooled OLS was, unsurprisingly, deemed unstable, and the fixed effects model
was proven to be the preferred model over random effects when applying a
Hausmann-test, in which the null-hypothesis is rejected. The Lagrange Multiplier
test also shows that there are significant time effects as the null hypothesis is also
here rejected. These results are in line with expectations for this sort of data
structure. The results for the Lagrange Multiplier test can be found in Table 4, and
the results for the Hausmann test can be found in Table 5.
39

Table 4
Lagrange Multiplier Test for individual and time effects
Lagrange Multiplier Test - two-ways effects (Gourieroux, Holly and Monfort)
for unbalanced panels
Null-hypothesis: no significant individual or time effects

chibarsq = 2467.3, df0 = 0.00, df1 = 1.00, df2 = 2.00, w0 = 0.25, w1 = 0.50, w2 = 0.25,
p-value < 2.2e-16
alternative hypothesis: significant effects

Table 5
Hausmann specification test
Hausmann Test
Null-hypothesis: preferred model Random-effects

chisq = 26.265, df = 10, p-value = 0.003399
alternative hypothesis: one model is inconsistent

As, the fixed effects model takes into account individual effects by including a
separate intercept for each entity (country), the remaining time fixed effects need
to be accounted for. This is done by including a factor by year.
A set of diagnostics is run on the fixed effects model in the following subsection.

5.3 Diagnostics testing

Running preliminary diagnostics using an OLS regression model on the data set
shows promising features. The top left residuals-fitted plot in Figure 8. suggests
linearity of parameters, while the top right Q-Q plot suggests that residuals are
normally distributed. In addition, the roughly horizontal line and absence of a

40

visual trend in the bottom left scale-location plot suggests homoscedasticity, which
will be tested for later, using the Breusch-Pagan test. (Bruce & Bruce, 2017)

Figure 8. Visual diagnostics plot performed on linear regression model. Source: own elaboration.

The bottom right residuals-leverage plot helps to identify influential cases in the
data set. The graphical inspection of the residuals-leverage plot in Figure 8.
indicates that there are no extreme values that are influential enough to determine
the regression, according to the general interpretation that outliers, or influential
values, would be plotted in the top- or bottom right corners of the diagram. Some
values do stick out beyond Cook’s distance and are therefore examined. (Bruce &
Bruce, 2017)

5.3.1 Normality of residuals

One of the assumptions that fixed effects modelling is based on is that residuals
are normally distributed. (Wooldridge, 2012) Visual inspection of a histogram of
residuals, the normal q-q plot, and a boxplot of the residuals in Figure 9. suggests
normality in residuals. There are several hypothesis tests that can be done to
statistically confirm the normality of residuals (James et al., 2013). The Shapiro41

Wilks test is commonly used, but the Anderson-Darling test is recommended by
Meintanis (2011), due to its superior statistical power, and will be used here. The
null-hypotheses of the Anderson-Darling test is normality, and thus a failure to
reject the null-hypotheses is desired.

Figure 9. Histogram and q-q plot for graphical inspection of normality of residuals. Source: own
elaboration.

As can be seen from the results in Table 6, the null hypothesis of normality is
rejected thus suggesting that the residuals of the model are not normally
distributed. However, any small deviations from a null distribution tend to be
meaningful when statistically testing for normality, and thus in cases of large
sample sizes, normality tests tend to reject the null hypothesis, because residuals
are almost never completely normally distributed. In this case, as the graphical
inspection convincingly implies normality of residuals, the assumption of
normality in residuals can be verified. (Wooldridge, 2012)

42

Table 6
Anderson-Darling Normality test
Anderson-Darling normality test
Null hypothesis: residuals are normally distributed

A = 1.5607, p-value = 0.0005087

5.3.2 Multicollinearity

Multicollinearity is also a potential problem when estimating multiple regression
models. If two independent variables have a high correlation, then one is not
adding any information to the analysis, and coefficients and p-values can become
very much harder to interpret. Multicollinearity must not necessarily be corrected
for, but it is worth inspecting because of the effects on the interpretation of results.
Therefore, a correlation matrix was computed and analyzed to check for strong
correlations between independent variables earlier in this thesis. High correlation
between control variables is not in any way corrected, because the coefficients of
the control variables are not of specific interest in this thesis. (Wooldridge, 2012)
Multicollinearity can also be controlled for with VIF-tests, or variance inflation
factor tests. This test measures the inflation of the variance of a regression
coefficient that is attributable to multicollinearity. (Wooldridge, 2012)
As the test only applies to independent variables, and the R statistical package used
in this thesis does not equip a VIF test for panel data models, the test can be run
on a pooled OLS of the data. According to James et al. (2013) values over 5 or 10
indicate problematic multicollinearity. It can be stated that no too-high levels of
multicollinearity exist in the independent variables whose coefficients will be
interpreted. The results of the VIF-test can be found in Table 7.

43

Table 7
Variance inflation factor test
lnAGRI
4.261569
lnPOP
1.966501

INDMAF
1.627488
ENVTAX
1.528352

CST
1.398620
lnRD
3.410524

lnGDP
6.027905
lnBIOMASS
2.267123

GDP2
1.375046
lnFOSSIL
1.124536

5.3.3 Homoscedasticity

Homoscedasticity of residuals, or constant variance in residuals, is the third
assumption made when estimating multiple linear regression (Wooldridge, 2012).
The opposite of homoscedasticity, heteroscedasticity, can be controlled for
graphically and by hypotheses testing. To graphically check for heteroscedasticity,
a scale-location plot can be drawn, where ideally, residuals are evenly distributed
along the predictor values. (James et al., 2013)

Figure 10. Scale-location plot for controlling of heteroscedasticity. Source: own elaboration.

As can be seen in Figure 10. the distribution of the standardized residuals is quite
even, implying homoscedasticity. To statistically check for heteroscedasticity, a
Breusch-Pagan test is commonly conducted. As for the normality hypothesis test,
also the Breusch-Pagan test tends to reject the null-hypothesis when sample sizes
grow, as the power of the test increases with sample size leading to the fact that
44

very small departures from constant variance in residuals results in the nullhypothesis being rejected. This effect is seen here, as the null-hypothesis of
homoscedasticity is rejected in the Breusch-Pagan test, the results of which can be
seen in Table 8. Because of the well-known issues of the hypothesis test on larger
sample sizes, more weight is laid on the analysis of the scale-location plot, which
implies homoscedasticity, and this thesis thus assumes constant variance in the
residuals. (Wooldridge, 2012)

Table 8
Breusch-Pagan test for homoscedasticity
Breusch-Pagan test
Null hypothesis: Homoscedasticity

BP = 160.97, df = 26, p-value < 2.2e-16

Based on the performed diagnostics tests, the fixed effects model is interpreted as
adequate for the purposes of this thesis, and for the data that is being used. In the
next chapter, the analysis will be performed, and the results discussed.

6 Results, analysis, and discussion

Chapter 6 begins with a description of the chosen model, and a walk-through of
the fixed-effects model and its functions. Thereafter the results of the econometric
analysis are presented, followed by a discussion, where the presented theory and
background is discussed in relation to the findings of this thesis. Lastly, the chosen
model is critiqued and apparent problems in the model are presented with the
purpose of enabling the best possible outset for future studies relating to this topic.
The purpose of the econometric analysis of this thesis is to either confirm or reject
the hypotheses given in Chapter 4. The first hypothesis, which states a negative
45

relationship between both the primary- and secondary sector and resource
productivity, is tested by regressing the industry composition variables on resource
productivity. The second hypothesis, which states a negative relationship between
both biomass and fossil energy carriers, and resource productivity, is tested by
regressing material composition variables on resource productivity. The outcomes
of the statistical testing will provide the basis on which the conclusions on the
interpretation and the appropriateness of the indicator are drawn. Recall that
significant effects between industry composition and resource productivity could
affect the interpretation of the indicator, while significant effects between material
composition and resource productivity could affect the credibility of the indicator.

6.1 Econometric model

In accordance with the specifications given in the previous chapter, this thesis
analyses the effects of industry composition on resource productivity, as well as
considering effects of differences in material composition between countries.
Based on the model specification tests performed in the previous chapter, a fixedeffects OLS regression is used with both country-, and year-effects. The primary
regression model thus takes the following form:

𝑙𝑛𝑅𝑃𝑖𝑡 = 𝛽0 + 𝛽1𝑙𝑛𝐴𝐺𝑅𝐼𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽2𝐼𝑁𝐷𝑀𝐴𝐹𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽3𝐶𝑆𝑇𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽4𝑙𝑛𝐺𝐷𝑃𝑖𝑡
+ 𝛽5𝐺𝐷𝑃2𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽6𝑙𝑛𝑃𝑂𝑃𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽7𝑙𝑛𝑅𝐷𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽8𝐸𝑁𝑉𝑇𝐴𝑋𝑖𝑡
+ 𝛽9𝑙𝑛𝐵𝐼𝑂𝑀𝐴𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑡 + 𝛽10𝑙𝑛𝐹𝑂𝑆𝑆𝐼𝐿𝑖𝑡 + 𝛿2𝐵2𝑡 + ⋯
(4)

+ 𝛿𝑇𝐵𝑇𝑡 + αi + 𝑢𝑖𝑡,

where, 𝑖 represents the country cross-section, 𝑡 represents the year, 𝛽0 to
𝛽9 represent the coefficients for each variable, and 𝐵2 to 𝐵𝑇 represent the time
dummy-variables from 2000 to 2018, where the first dummy, i.e., year 2000 is left
out because of its function as the reference year. Lastly,

𝛼 represents the

unobserved effects, or country-fixed effects and 𝑢 represents the error term.
46

6.1.1 Fixed effects estimation

Fixed effects models are commonly used because of their ability to factor out cross
national correlation between dependent and independent variables (Wooldridge,
2012). In this study, country fixed effects as well as time fixed effects are
implemented, in order to account for unobserved effects. This means that every
entity, in this case every country, has a known intercept which is subtracted from
the model. Additionally, time fixed effects are included by the use of dummy
variables.
The fixed effects model uses time-demeaned data for all variables, which results
in unobserved effects being subtracted out of the model. By assuming a model with
a single independent variable for each country 𝑖 we get
𝑦𝑖𝑡 = 𝛽1 𝑥𝑖𝑡 + 𝑎𝑖 + 𝑢𝑖𝑡 ,

𝑡 = 1,2,3, … , 𝑇,

(5)

where 𝑎𝑖 is the unobserved effect, or fixed effect for every country, 𝑢𝑖𝑡 is the error
term, and 𝛽1 is the coefficient for the independent variable 𝑥𝑖𝑡 . If the equation is
averaged over time for every 𝑖, then we get
𝑦̅𝑖 = 𝛽1 𝑥̅𝑖 + 𝑎𝑖 + 𝑢̅𝑖 .

(6)

Notice that 𝑎𝑖 is the same in both equation 5 and 6. By subtracting equation 6 from
equation 5 for each time period, we get
𝑦𝑖𝑡 − 𝑦̅𝑖 = 𝛽1 (𝑥𝑖𝑡 − 𝑥̅𝑖 ) + 𝑢𝑖𝑡 − 𝑢̅𝑖 , ,

𝑡 = 1,2,3, … , 𝑇,

(7)

which gives
𝑦̈ 𝑖𝑡 = 𝛽1 𝑥̈ 𝑖𝑡 + 𝑢̈ 𝑖𝑡 ,

𝑡 = 1,2,3, … , 𝑇,

(8)

where 𝑦̈ 𝑖𝑡 is the dependent variable but in its time-demeaned form, just as 𝑥̈ 𝑖𝑡 and
𝑢̈ 𝑖𝑡 represent the independent variable end error term in their time-demeaned
forms. Notice that 𝑎𝑖 , or the unobserved effects, have disappeared as they subtract
47

themselves out of the equation. This transformation is the fixed effects
transformation, which is also known as the within transformation. Now that the
unobserved effects have been eliminated, the resulting model can be estimated by
pooled OLS, resulting in what is called a fixed effects estimator. (Wooldridge,
2012) This model is applied to the research question of this thesis.
By plotting various relationships of the fitted values and the residuals of the fixed
effects regression model, a last graphical analysis of the appropriateness of the
fixed effects model is conducted. In the bottom left plot of Figure 11. the residuals
can be observed to have no specific trend and to be neatly dispersed, thus
demonstrating linearity in parameters. Also, by plotting the fitted values against
the observed values (both top right and bottom left plots) a visual analysis of the
model can be made. (James et al., 2013) The results in Figure 11. show promising
results for the appropriateness of the fixed effects regression model on the data.

Figure 11. Fitted values and residuals plots for fixed effects model including time-fixed effects.
Source: Own elaboration.

48

6.2 Results

Here the results of the econometric analysis are presented. As the focus of this
thesis is to study relationships between resource productivity and industry- and
material composition, the main focus will be set on these variables. The results of
the econometric analysis will act as a statistical basis for the discussion and
conclusions on the interpretation and appropriateness of the resource productivity
indicator. The results on industry composition will primarily affect the discussion
and conclusions on the interpretation of the indicator, while the results on material
composition will primarily affect the discussion and conclusions on the
appropriateness of the indicator.
Table 9, on pages 50-51, presents results for 7 different regression models. The
key differences in the models are whether they include country- or time fixed
effects, industry composition variables, material composition variables, and
control variables. Model 1 presents an OLS regression model without country- or
time fixed effects, using only the industry composition variables as regressors.
Model 2 adds country-fixed effects and the control variables lnGDP, GDP2,
lnPOP, ENVTAX, and lnRD. As can be seen in the table, the significance of
lnAGRI drops, and the relationship interestingly changes from negative to positive.
In model 3 the control variables are exchanged for the material composition
variables, still using country-fixed effects. Here we see that the significance for
lnAGRI rises back up, and the relationship goes back to being negative, and in
other words in line with previous studies. Model 4 combines models 2 and 3, while
still not incorporating time-fixed effects. Here we can see that the significances
found in both models 2 and 3 stay quite similar for all variables. Once again, the
relationships for lnAGRI and INDMAF go back to being positive.
Models 5 through 7 apply time-fixed effects. Models 5 and 6 are copies of 2 and 3
respectively, with the sole difference of including time-fixed effects. Model 7
incorporates all independent variables as well as country- and time-fixed effects.
Remember, that all models other than model 1 use country-fixed effects.
In model 7 the coefficients for the industry composition variables are positive for
agriculture, forestry and fishing, and industry and manufacturing, while they are
49

found to be negative for construction. The results on the effects of biomass and
fossil energy carrier use are in line with previous studies where biomass has a
larger negative effect than fossil fuels. Both variables show strongly significant,
and negative relationships with resource productivity. The effect of biomass is
about twice the size of fossil fuels and can thus be interpreted so that when the
usage of both materials increases with one percent, then the negative effect on RP
is twice as large for biomass as for fossil energy carriers. Consistent with previous
literature, GDP and population density are found to have a strongly significant
positive relationship with resource productivity.
Model 7 has the highest adjusted R-squared at 76 % explaining power. Note that
the adjusted R-squared steadily increases in the models with time-fixed effects.
Interestingly, model 6 has a higher adjusted R-squared than model 5, although
GDP and population variables, which are commonly attributed to have large
effects, are left out.

50

Table 9
OLS-estimates on the effects of industry composition and material composition on resource productivity
(1)
(Intercept)

0.25

(2)

(3)

(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

***

(0.00)
lnAGRI

-0.42

***

(0.00)
INDMAF

-0.11

***

(0.00)
CST

-0.12
(0.00)

lnGDP

0.07

*

(0.04)

***

-0.18

***

(0.00)

lnRD
ENVTAX

-0.00

0.00

0.01

(0.28)

(1.00)

(0.00)

-0.07

***

(0.00)
0.51

-0.06

***

(0.00)

1.35

***

***

0.68

***

0.04

***

-0.04

***
***

0.10

***

(0.00)
***

0.01

***

-0.03

***

factor(year)2002

***

(0.00)

0.25
(0.00)
***

0.56

(0.00)

(0.00)

0.06

0.05

-0.08

(0.08)

(0.08)

(0.01)

(0.04)

0.01

-0.00

0.01

-0.00

(0.78)
***

-0.42

-0.46

**

-0.42

-0.05

(0.15)
-0.50

***

(0.00)
***

-0.20

(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.26)

(0.63)

(0.19)

0.05

0.04

0.04

(0.12)

(0.11)

0.04

0.05

0.07

**

0.06

(0.10)
*

0.12
0.16
0.16
0.20
0.31
0.31
0.27

0.07
0.10
0.12
0.13
0.17

***

0.26

***

0.25

***

0.22

***

0.10

***

0.14

***

0.24

***

(0.00)
***

(0.00)
***

0.11

(0.00)

(0.00)
***

***

(0.00)

(0.00)
***

0.10

(0.00)

(0.00)
***

**

(0.00)
***

(0.00)
***

0.07
(0.00)

***

(0.00)
***

*

(0.04)
**

(0.00)
***

(0.00)
factor(year)2011

***

(0.00)

0.03

(0.00)
factor(year)2010

***

(0.47)

(0.00)
factor(year)2009

-0.26

0.01

(0.00)
factor(year)2008

-0.48

0.03

(0.00)
factor(year)2007

*

-0.02

(0.00)
factor(year)2006

***

(0.00)
***

0.04

(0.03)
factor(year)2005

***

(0.65)

***

(0.00)
***

***

(0.00)

(0.01)
factor(year)2004

-0.04

(0.00)

-0.29

***

(0.00)

-0.01

(0.09)
factor(year)2003

0.01

(0.88)
0,05

***

(0.00)

(0.29)
factor(year)2001

0.14
(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.00)
GDP2

-0.06
(0.00)

(0.00)
lnFOSSIL

0.13
(0.00)

-0.00

(0.18)
lnBIOMASS

**

(0.78)

(0.00)
lnPOP

0.08
(0.00)

0.22

***

(0.00)
***

0.19

51

***

(0.00)
factor(year)2012

0.34

(0.00)
***

(0.00)
factor(year)2013

0.36
0.35

***

0.36

***

0.38

***

0.39

***

0.41
(0.00)

***

0.31
0.34
0.35

***

0.37

***

0.27

***

0.26

***

(0.00)
***

0.28

***

(0.00)
***

(0.00)
***

0.26

(0.00)

(0.00)
***

(0.00)
factor(year)2018

0.31

***

(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.00)
factor(year)2017

***

(0.00)

(0.00)
factor(year)2016

0.30

0.24
(0.00)

(0.00)

(0.00)
factor(year)2015

***

(0.00)

(0.00)
factor(year)2014

0.27

(0.00)

0.28

***

(0.00)
***

(0.00)

0.30
(0.00)

N

551

539

551

539

539

551

539

Adjusted R2

0.63

0.52

0.51

0.70

0.67

0.73

0.76

All continuous predictors are mean-centered and scaled by 1 standard deviation. *** p < 0.001; ** p < 0.01; * p <0.05.

Column names: Variable, Model 1, Model 2, Model 3, Model 4, Model 5, Model 6, Model 7

52

***

6.3 Discussion

The findings of this thesis aspire to answer the question of whether resource
productivity is an appropriate indicator for its purposes, and how the indicator
should be interpreted in its current use. To do so, we must first learn to understand
which industries drive the indicator and what problematics exist in the underlying
materials composition.
Resource productivity has previously been shown to have a negative relationship
with the ratio of agriculture contributing to a country’s GDP (Fernández-Herrero
& Duro, 2019; Gan et al., 2013). Understanding which industries drive resource
productivity is integral to understanding how to interpret the indicator. For
example, in comparing the resource productivity of two countries, imagine one
country with a relatively dominant primary production and another with a
relatively dominant secondary production. It is extremely important to have
information on the effects that the countries industry composition has on the
indicator value, instead of simply accepting that one country is inherently worse at
producing value from input, or at decreasing resource use.
The results of this thesis show that a one percent increase in primary production,
or agriculture, forestry and fishing, result in a 0.14 percent increase in resource
productivity, while a one percent increase in industry and manufacturing results in
a one percent increase in resource productivity. The coefficient for primary
production is puzzling, due to the negative relationships that have been uncovered
in previous literature. The effect is very small, but still positive, and worth looking
into in future research. The effects of EU subsidies and price-controls for the
primary production sector could be controlled for in future studies, to see if they
contribute to the positive effect shown in the results of this thesis. Additionally,
studying the effects of the decomposed primary sector could be interesting, by for
example regressing agriculture, fishing and forestry separately. Moving forward,
the positive effects of industry and manufacturing on resource productivity are not
entirely unforeseen, as resource productivity has been shown to be fossil-driven on
a global scale, assuming that industry and manufacturing are highly fossildependent sectors. The third industry composition variable, construction, is the
53

only one of the three that exhibits a negative relationship to resource productivity,
with a one percent increase in construction leading to a four percent decrease in
resource productivity. This result is an important one, as it shows that a one percent
increase in construction leads to a four percent decrease in resource productivity.
The key take-away from this result is in the interpretation of the indicator when
comparing a country with a large construction sector, to a country with a smaller
construction sector. The user of the indicator must understand that the size of the
construction sector affects the result, and can thus not interpret one country to be,
as a whole, better than another at using its resources.
The indicator has also been the target of widespread criticism due to its simplicity
and failure to account for different levels of renewability in the materials that are
consumed (Gan et al., 2013; Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011) Furthermore, the
lack of distinction between fossil-based economies and economies based on
biomass consumption also poses a disadvantage for the indicator. Steinberger &
Krausmann (2011) criticize the indicator for lacking in accounting of differences
between biomass and fossil consumption. They argue that based on the premise
that economies are fossil-driven, there is an implicit fault in the indicator due to
the fact that it has been shown to be driven by consumption of fossil energy carriers
on a global scale. This results in theory in rich countries demonstrating a higher
resource productivity, and by proxy higher sustainability. The results of this thesis
fall in line with those of previous studies, by exhibiting a 0.48 percent decrease in
resource productivity for every one percent increase in biomass use, and a 0.26
percent decrease for every one percent increase in fossil energy carriers. The
relationship of the coefficients between themselves is consistent with previous
literature, as biomass usage is found to have a larger negative effect than usage of
fossil energy carriers. The relationship is also in line with the hypothesis of this
thesis, that is based on the fact that the overall use of fossil energy carriers in the
EU is declining instead of increasing (Eurostat, 2020a).
The two hypotheses that are given in this thesis are 1) that a negative relationship
between resource productivity and both the primary- and secondary sector exists,
and 2) that a negative relationship between resource productivity and both use of
biomass and fossil energy carriers exists.

54

The first hypothesis can neither be accepted nor rejected as a whole, because the
results show a positive relationship with agriculture, forestry and fishing, as well
as with industry and manufacturing. However, as a negative relationship is found
between construction and resource productivity, the hypothesis is partly correct.
The findings relating to the first hypothesis are impactful, due in part to the
divergence from previous literature, but also because the new findings relating to
the construction sector are meaningful to the interpretation of the indicator.
The second hypothesis is confirmed based on the negative relationship found
between the material composition variables and resource productivity. As the
second hypothesis is based both on the findings from previous studies where
resource productivity is found to be driven by consumption of fossil energy carriers
(Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011), and the fact that consumption of fossil energy
carriers is decreasing in the EU (Eurostat, 2020a), the important take-away is that
use of biomass decreases resource productivity almost twice as much as the use of
fossil energy carriers. This finding implies that the use of the indicator resource
productivity is in fact inconsistent with the policy direction of the EU, where a
shift to a more bio- and renewable based economy is being emphasized (Domenech
& Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019). On the other hand, policy is also being focused on the
move to a more circular economy, where reuse, recycling, and reduction of waste
is being emphasized (Domenech & Bahn-Walkowiak, 2019). In relation to such
policy, the problematic of a fossil-driven indicator is diminished to a certain extent
because the used materials stay in use for longer. However, this is only the case
when GHG emission problematics are disregarded. It is, nevertheless, important to
remember that key indicators are designed to represent key properties of a system
and cannot be expected to represent all matters that relate to, for example,
environmental sustainability.

6.4 Critique of the model

The summing up of industry and manufacturing, which was done due to
correlations between the variables, leaves an unfortunate gap in the final
interpretation of the primary and secondary sectors effects on resource
55

productivity. It would be highly interesting, and more informative to interpret all
the coefficients separately, instead of combining industry and manufacturing.
Additionally, a study that incorporated all economic activity sectors, instead of just
the primary and secondary production, would also shed light on the total effects of
different industry compositions. Furthermore, adding other material composition
variables such as metal ores, non-metallic minerals, other products, and wastes for
final treatment and disposal, could give an even stronger basis for the conclusions
drawn on the appropriateness of the indicator. These suggestions are possible to
incorporate in future studies and could bring valuable insights to the present
literature.
Babones (2017) also presents the problematic of using fixed effects models for
researching change determinants when the data being analyzed is on an annual
level. The premise for the critique is that fixed effects models are best suited when
explanatory power needs to be shifted from cross-sectional, or across-country
factors to factors that vary over time. Thus, for the model to be well suited,
meaningful over-time variations in the independent variables are required. In other
words, if independent variables change slowly over time, the fixed effects model
can be unsuitable.

7 Conclusions

The purpose of this thesis is to improve the understanding of drivers of the resource
productivity indicator in order to improve the interpretation of the indicator itself.
Furthermore, the thesis aims to determine whether the indicator is an appropriate
tool for the purposes of the framework that it belongs to. Because the indicator is
the lead indicator of the EU’s resource efficiency framework, it is of upmost
importance that it functions in the way that it is meant to. This primarily regards
the information purposes of the indicator, which are to aid non-experts, e.g.,
government officials, policymakers, and other stakeholders, in communication and
decision making. The primary desirable qualities of lead indicators are to be simple
and easy to understand, as well as accessible and credible. These properties
56

represent a trade-off between other properties, such as statistical power and
analytical soundness. (OECD, 2008)
The hypotheses of this thesis are 1) that a negative relationship between resource
productivity and both the primary- and secondary sector exists, and 2) that a
negative relationship between resource productivity and both use of biomass and
fossil energy carriers exists. The first hypothesis is based on the fact that literature
consistently finds that the higher the ratio of agriculture a country has, the lower
its resource productivity will be, as well as on the fact that resource productivity
has previously been found to increase with the decrease of primary production in
the transition to an industrialized economy, and the decrease of industry in the
transition to a service-oriented economy. Many of the relevant studies have
however been performed on samples with larger discrepancies in affluence, which
could be a reason for the reverse result found in this thesis. Additionally, the EU’s
price mechanisms and subsidies for the agricultural sector could affect the result.
The implications of the results pertaining to the first hypothesis are in the
interpretation of resource productivity as an indicator. We have learned that the
industry composition has a significant effect on the indicator, leading to a demand
for more detailed investigations into the effects of industry composition on
resource productivity. This thesis has established that when studying a more
homogenous group of countries, such as the EU, the results on the effects of
industry composition do not necessarily mimic those of studies performed on a
global sample. For example, the results of this study show that the ratio of primary
production has a positive effect on resource productivity, when most studies
performed using a global sample show the opposite. On the other hand, the effects
of industry and manufacturing also show a positive relationship, while construction
reveals a negative relationship.
The second hypothesis is based on previous findings that show that the resource
productivity indicator is driven by the consumption of fossil energy carriers, and
the fact that use of fossil energy carriers has a decreasing trend in the EU (Eurostat,
2020a; Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011). The conclusion drawn from the results
of the econometric analysis is that there in fact is a negative relationship between
both material composition variables and resource productivity, and that the
57

negative effect of biomass is almost twice the size of the effect of fossil energy
carriers.
The implications of the conclusions drawn relating to the second hypothesis are
related to the appropriateness of resource productivity as a sustainability indicator.
The findings of this thesis show that a country that moves toward using relatively
more fossil energy carriers than biomass will have a better resource productivity
than those who move towards using more biomass. Because this outcome is
contradictory to the policy framework that the indicator belongs to, the conclusion
that the indicator is inappropriate for its purposes, is drawn.
The main conclusion of this thesis is that, in combination with previous literature,
the results of this study establish that resource productivity cannot be assumed to
act as a suitable indicator for environmental sustainability without context being
presented. Users of the indicator must be presented with the information on the
problematics presented in this thesis, in other words, the effects of the industryand material composition on the result of the resource productivity indicator, for it
to be used credibly.
Future research on this subject could include a full analysis of the effects of all
economic activities on resource productivity, as well as an investigation into
factors that affect the direction of the relationship between primary- and partially
secondary production and resource productivity. One approach could be to study
the effects of subsidies and price-controls for primary production within the EU.

58

8 Svensk sammanfattning

Resursproduktivitet som EU:s huvudindikator för resurseffektivitet
– En QMCR-studie på faktorer som driver resursproduktivitet4
I denna avhandling undersöks indikatorn resursproduktivitet, som är EU:s
huvudindikator för resurseffektivitet. Forskningsfrågan som ställs är om det finns
ett signifikant samband mellan resursproduktivitet och andelen av primär- och
sekundärindustri, samt hur fördelningen mellan användningen av biomassa och
fossila energibärare påverkar resursproduktiviteten. Utifrån resultaten utvärderas
indikatorns ändamålsenlighet som hållbarhetsindikator.

Introduktion
Under de senaste decennierna har samhällen runt om i världen drabbats av
utmaningar som uppkommit till följd av klimatförändring. Resursbrist är en av de
hotbilder som dagens beslutsfattare behöver hantera. Andra hot som
klimatförändringen för med sig är utrotning av arter, naturkatastrofer och
ofördelaktiga förhållanden för jordbruk. Enligt en rapport skriven av UNEP:s
internationella resurspanel har den globala resursanvändningen tredubblats sedan
år 1970. Dessutom kan hälften av de globala växthusgasutsläppen, och 90 % av
förlusterna i biodiversitet tillskrivas resursutvinning och bearbetning av material.
(Oberle et al., 2019)
Resursproduktivitet kritiseras som indikator, eftersom den har en hög korrelation
med inkomst, och eftersom den inte tar i beaktande egenskaper hos materialen som
används, utan endast beaktar volymen på materialen som konsumeras i en ekonomi
(Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011). Resursproduktivitet definieras som produktion
per insatsvara, och mäts enligt BNP delat med inhemsk materialkonsumtion
(Eurostat, 2020d). Inhemsk materialkonsumtion (IMK) definieras som den totala
mängden material som direkt används i en ekonomi, och beräknas enligt:
𝑖𝑛ℎ𝑒𝑚𝑠𝑘𝑡 𝑢𝑡𝑣𝑢𝑛𝑛𝑒𝑡 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑎𝑙 + 𝑖𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡 − 𝑒𝑥𝑝𝑜𝑟𝑡 (Eurostat, 2020a). Syftet

4

QMCR är en förkortning för quantitative macro-comparative research, och innebär kvantitativa
makrokomparativa forskningmodeller.

59

med avhandlingen är att uppnå en bättre förståelse för vad som driver
resursproduktivitet i EU-länderna, och med hjälp av den informationen avgöra
huruvida resursproduktivitet är en lämplig indikator för hållbarhet.

Policy och materialflödesanalys
På EU-nivå har resurspolicy formats främst i Europa 2020-strategin, i
flaggskepsinitiativet - Ett resurseffektivt Europa, och i handlingsplanen för den
cirkulära ekonomin - Att sluta kretsloppet (Europeiska Kommissionen, 2011a,
2015)
Som en del av flaggskeppsinitiativet skrevs en Färdplan för ett resurseffektivt
Europa. Färdplanens huvudsakliga syfte är att öka resursproduktivitet, och att
frikoppla ekonomisk tillväxt från resursanvändning. Färdplanen förankrar sina mål
i fyra fokusområden, som är: Hållbar konsumtion och produktion, Att förvandla
avfall till en resurs, Stödja forskning och innovation, och Miljöskadliga
subventioner

och

korrekt

prissättning.

I

färdplanen

formuleras

även

ansvarsområden och milstolpar för både medlemsländerna och för Europeiska
kommissionen. (Europeiska Kommissionen, 2011b)
Handlingsplanen för den cirkulära ekonomin baserar sig till stor del på färdplanen
för ett resurseffektivt Europa, då samma fokusområden betonas. Handlingsplanen
anger dock fem prioritetsområden – plast, livsmedelsavfall, råvaror av avgörande
betydelse, bygg- och rivningsavfall, samt biomassa och biobaserade produkter. En
av de främsta åtgärderna som beskrivs i handlingsplanen, är att revidera ekodesigndirektivet, så att det skulle inkludera åtgärder för att förbättra krav på reparation,
hållbarhet och återvinnbarhet av produkter. (Europeiska Kommissionen, 2015)
Att öka resurseffektiviteten motiveras med bland annat förbättringar i
konkurrenskraft, men Flachenecker (2018) påpekar att det är tvetydigt huruvida
bättre resurseffektivitet verkligen leder till högre konkurrenskraft. EU har likväl
hållit fast vid att ett positivt samband finns. En rapport beställd av
generaldirektoratet för näringslivet visar att intressenter för nyckelindustrier är
överens om att resurseffektivitet är en viktig och bra strategi för minimering av
kostnader och ökande av konkurrenskraft (Rademaekers et al., 2011).

60

Materialflödesanalys (MFA) är en viktig komponent inom resursforskning,
eftersom den fungerar som ett ramverk för verktyg som används för att analysera
samband mellan mänsklig verksamhet och materialanvändning. Indikatorn som
undersöks i denna avhandling hör till gruppen av verktyg i fråga.
Informationsändamålen som materialflödesindikatorer används till baserar sig på
utbyten mellan statistisk kvalitet, analytisk sundhet och användarrelevans. I och
med att de flesta användarna av indikatorerna är icke-experter, är tydlighet en
mycket viktig egenskap. Detta leder dock till att informationen är mindre
detaljerad. Materialflödesindikatorer är däremot mycket användbara för att
jämföra utvecklingen av miljö- och ekonomisk prestation i förhållande till
resursanvändning. Olika verktyg inom MFA kategoriseras i olika nivåer, och
resursproduktivitet faller inom mesonivåns materialflödesanalys. Mesonivån
studerar relationerna mellan ekonomisk aktivitet och materialanvändning på en
mera detaljerad nivå än makro-MFA. På mesonivån av MFA undersöks bland
annat olika materialkategorier samt olika industrier och branscher. Detta ger
information om strukturella förändringar på global nivå och bidrar också till
kontroll av utvecklingen inom till exempel resursproduktivitet. De två mest
önskvärda egenskaperna hos indikatorer är tillgänglighet, och godkännande och
kredibilitet. (OECD, 2008)

Tidigare litteratur
Tidigare studier har visat att resursproduktivitet har ett starkt positivt samband med
välstånd och befolkningstäthet, och ett starkt negativt samband med
primärproduktionens andel av BNP (Fernández-Herrero & Duro, 2019; Gan et al.,
2013; Steinberger & Krausmann, 2011). Indikatorn har kritiserats för dess starka
korrelation med BNP, då en enkel tolkning är att ju rikare ett land är, desto bättre
presterar landet i hållbarhetsmåttet resursproduktivitet, fastän de rikare länderna
står för relativt stora andelar av den totala konsumtionen (Steinberger &
Krausmann, 2011).
För att undvika problematiken i relation till både inkomstkorrelation och
fördelning mellan biomassa och fossila material, föreslår både Gan et al. (2013)
och Steinberger & Krausmann (2011) att undersökningar om resursproduktivitet
görs mellan länder med relativt lika inkomstnivåer. Gan et al. (2013) visar även ett
signifikant negativt samband mellan råvaruexporter och resursproduktivitet, och
61

konstaterar därmed att indikatorn inte lämpar sig för jämförelse då länder har hög
relativ råvaruexport.
Både Gan et al. (2013) och Steinberger & Krausmann (2011) studerar skillnader
mellan effekterna av olika fördelningar i användningen av biomassa och fossila
energibärare. Steinberger & Krausmann (2011) visar att materialanvändning är i
sin helhet oelastiskt eftersom biomassakomponenten av materialförbruk är
oelastiskt. Detta leder till att länder med en relativt mindre konsumtionsandel av
fossila material (ofta fattigare länder) visar lägre resursproduktivitet, eftersom
indikatorn stiger proportionellt mindre då andelen av biomassa i en ekonomi ökar,
än om den fossila andelen ökar. Gan et al. (2013) påpekar även att en ökande andel
av biomassa i energiproduktion inte nödvändigtvis återspeglas i indikatorn.

Metod och data
I denna avhandling tillämpas en OLS-regressionsmodell med både landsfixa och
tidsfixa effekter. Resursproduktivitet fungerar som beroendevariabeln i modellen,
och primär- och sekundärproduktionsandelar fungerar som förstahands oberoende
variabler. Primär- och sekundärproduktionen representeras av tre olika segment av
ekonomisk aktivitet, där den första är jordbruk, skogsbruk och fiske, den andra är
industri och tillverkning utan byggverksamhet, och den tredje är byggverksamhet.
Produktionsvariabler mäts i bruttoförädlingsvärdets andel av BNP. Oberoende
andrahandsvariabler är inhemsk materialkonsumtion av biomassa och fossila
energibäraren, vilka mäts i enheten ton per capita. Som kontrollvariabler fungerar
BNP både i enkel och kvadrerad form, befolkningstäthet, F&U-kostnader, och
miljöskatter. En del av variablerna transformeras med naturlig logaritm. Dessa
variabler är: beroendevariabeln resursproduktivitet, oberoende variablerna BNP,
F&U utgifter, befolkningstäthet, biomassa, fossila energibärare, samt jordbruk,
skogsbruk och fiske. Utöver dessa transformationer subtraheras medelvärdet på
BNP från den kvadrerade termen för att undvika multikollinearitet, varefter termen
också transformeras med naturlig logaritm. Variablerna biomassa och fossila
energibäraren transformeras med additionen av en konstant (k=2), varefter även de

62

logaritmeras. Data dras för 27 EU-länder och två EU-aggregat från år 2000 till
2018.5
Lämpliga diagnostiktest utförs både på data och på den valda modellen, och det
konstateras att båda är väl lämpade för denna avhandlings ändamål.
Den slutliga modellen som tillämpar både landsfixa och tidsfixa effekter har en
förklaringsgrad på 76 procent och beaktar 539 observationer.

Resultat och diskussion
Modellen visar ett starkt signifikant samband mellan produktionsvariablerna och
resursproduktivitet. Förvånande är att sambandet mellan variabeln jordbruk,
skogsbruk och fiske, och resursproduktivitet är positivt, då tidigare litteratur har
hittat negativa samband mellan andelen jordbruk och resursproduktivitet.
Koefficienten tolkas som att en ökning på 1 procent i jordbruk, skogsbruk och fiske
leder till en ökning på 0,14 procent i resursproduktivitet. En möjlig orsak till detta
kan vara EU:s bistånd till primärproduktionen.
Industri och tillverkning visar ett positivt samband med resursproduktivitet, då en
ökning på en procent i industri och tillverkning leder till en ökning på en procent i
resursproduktivitet. Byggverksamheten visar å sin sida ett negativt samband med
resursproduktivitet, då en ökning på en procent i byggverksamhet leder till en
minskning på fyra procent i resursproduktivitet.
Starkt signifikanta samband hittas även mellan inhemsk materialkonsumtion av
biomassa och fossila energibärare, och resursproduktivitet. Dessa samband är
negativa. Högst intressant är att koefficienten för konsumtionen av biomassa är
nästan dubbelt större än koefficienten för konsumtion av fossila energibäraren.
Koefficienterna för variablerna visar att en ökning på en procent i konsumtion av
biomassa och fossila energibäraren leder till minskningar på 0,48 respektive 0,26
procent i resursproduktivitet. Resultatet betyder i praktiken att användning av
biomassa sänker resursproduktiviteten i ett land dubbelt så mycket som
användning av fossila energibärare. Detta resultat är i linje med tidigare litteratur

5

Belgien, Bulgarien, Kroatien, Cypern, Danmark, Estland, EU-27, EU-28, Finland, Frankrike,
Grekland, Irland, Italien, Lettland, Litauen, Luxemburg, Malta, Nederländerna, Österrike, Polen,
Portugal, Rumänien, Slovakien, Slovenien, Spanien, Sverige, Tjeckien, Tyskland, Ungern

63

och understryker problematiken av att indikatorn inte tar i beaktande vilka material
som används i en ekonomi. Resultatet visar att indikatorn drivs av konsumtion av
fossila material.

Slutsatser
Det negativa sambandet mellan byggverksamhet och resursproduktivitet bör tas i
beaktande i tolkningen av indikatorn, och närmare granskning av länder med stor
byggverksamhetssektor rekommenderas.
Effekten av EU:s primärproduktionsbistånd på resursproduktivitet lämnas
obesvarat i denna avhandling och är ett tema för vidare forskning. Därtill kunde
det undersökas huruvida olika storlekars bistånd påverkar resultaten olika,
beroende på vilken sektor de är riktade till. Detta kunde vara en intressant
frågeställning till exempel mellan jordbruk och fiske.
Kredibiliteten av indikatorn utmanas av resultaten på effekterna av konsumtionen
av biomassa och fossila energibärare. Eftersom EU har gjort stora insatser på
resurspolicy är det inte konsekvent att välja ett mått som drivs av konsumtion av
fossila material som en huvudindikator. Vid bedömning av ändamålsenligheten av
indikatorn, måste det dock hänvisas till de önskade egenskaperna hos
indikatorerna. De mest önskade egenskaperna, som konstaterades tidigare, är
tillgänglighet, och godkännande och kredibilitet. Tillgängligheten av indikatorn
kan inte kritiseras, medan godkännandet och kredibiliteten av indikatorn kan anses
stå på ostadig bas, då forskare har yttrat bred kritik mot indikatorn. Resultaten i
denna avhandling stöder kritiken från det akademiska fältet. Därmed kan det
konstateras att indikatorn inte uppfyller de mest önskvärda egenskaperna hos en
indikator, och är således inte fullständigt ändamålsenlig.

64

References

Babones, S. J. (2014). Methods for Quantitative Macro-Comparative Research. SAGE
Publications, Inc. https://doi.org/https://dx.doi.org/10.4135/9781544307749
Bahn-Walkowiak, B., & Steger, S. (2015). Resource Targets in Europe and
Worldwide:

An

Overview.

Resources,

4(3),

597–620.

https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.3390/resources4030597
Bruce, P., & Bruce, A. (2017). Practical Statistics for Data Scientists: 50 Essential
Concepts.

O’Reilly

Media.

https://books.google.fi/books?id=JtPTDgAAQBAJ&pg=PA43&hl=fi&source=
gbs_toc_r&cad=3#v=onepage&q&f=false
Busu, M., & Trica, C. L. (2019). Sustainability of Circular Economy Indicators and
Their Impact on Economic Growth of the European Union. Sustainability, 11(19),
5481. https://doi.org/10.3390/su11195481
Domenech, T., & Bahn-Walkowiak, B. (2019). Transition Towards a Resource
Efficient Circular Economy in Europe: Policy Lessons From the EU and the
Member

States.

Ecological

Economics,

155,

7–19.

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolecon.2017.11.001
European Commission. (2011). Communication from the Commission to the European
Parliament, The Council, The European Economic and Social Committee and the
Committee of the Regions - Roadmap to a Resource Efficient Europe.
(COM/2011/0571).

https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-

content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX:52011DC0571
European Commission. (2015a). Commission adopts ambitious new Circular
Economy

Package.

European

Commission.

https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/IP_15_6203
European Commission. (2015b). Communication from the Commission to the
European Parliament, The Council, The European Economic and Social
Committee and the Committee of the Regions - Closing the loop - An EU action
plan

for

the

Circular

Economy.

(COM/2015/614).

https://eur65

lex.europa.eu/resource.html?uri=cellar:8a8ef5e8-99a0-11e5-b3b701aa75ed71a1.0012.02/DOC_1&format=PDF
European Commission. (2020). Communication from the Commission to the European
Parliament, The Council, The European Economic and Social Committee and the
Committee of the Regions - A new Circular Economy Action Plan For a cleaner
and more competitive Europe. (COM/2020/98). https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legalcontent/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A52020DC0098
European Environment Agency. (2016). More from less — material resource
efficiency in Europe - 2015 overview of policies, instruments and targets in 32
countries

-

Netherlands.

European

Environment

Agency.

https://www.eea.europa.eu/publications/more-from-less/netherlands-materialresource-efficiency/view
European Union. (2018). Economy-wide material flow accounts HANDBOOK 2018
edition.

Publications

Office

of

the

European

Union.

https://doi.org/10.2785/158567
Europeiska

Kommissionen.

(2011a).

Meddelande

från

kommisionen

till

Europaparlamentet, Rådet, Europeiska ekonomiska och sociala kommittén samt
Regionkommittén - Ett resurseffektivt Europa – flaggskeppsinitiativ i Europa
2020-strategin.

(COM/2011/0021).

https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-

content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A52011DC0021
Europeiska

Kommissionen.

(2011b).

Meddelande

från

kommisionen

till

Europaparlamentet, Rådet, Europeiska ekonomiska och sociala kommittén samt
Regionkommittén - Färdplan för ett resurseffektivt Europa. (COM/2011/0571).
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX:52011DC0571
Europeiska

Kommissionen.

(2015).

Meddelande

från

kommisionen

till

Europaparlamentet, Rådet, Europeiska ekonomiska och sociala kommittén samt
Regionkommittén - Att sluta kretsloppet – en EU-handlingsplan för den cirkulära
ekonomin.

(COM/2015/0614).

https://eur-

lex.europa.eu/resource.html?uri=cellar:8a8ef5e8-99a0-11e5-b3b7Eurostat. (2020a). Domestic material consumption per capita. [Dataset] Eurostat.
66

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/t2020_rl110/default/table?lang=
en
Eurostat. (2020b). Domestic material consumption per capita (t2020_rl110).
[Codebook].
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cache/metadata/en/t2020_rl110_esmsip2.htm
Eurostat.

(2020c).

Research

and

development

(R&D)

(rd).

[Codebook].

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cache/metadata/en/rd_esms.htm
Eurostat.

(2020d).

Resource

productivity.

[Dataset]

Eurostat.

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/t2020_rl100/default/table?lang=
en
Eurostat. (2021a). Annual national accounts (nama10). [Dataset] Eurostat.
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/NAMA_10_A10__custom_9371
73/default/table?lang=en
Eurostat.

(2021b).

Material

flow

accounts.

[Dataset]

Eurostat.

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/env_ac_mfa/default/table?lang=
en
Eurostat. (2021c). Material flow accounts and resource productivity. Eurostat
Statistics

Explained.

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-

explained/index.php/Material_flow_accounts_and_resource_productivity#Reso
urce_productivity
Eurostat. (2021d). Population change - Demographic balance and crude rates at
regional

level

(NUTS

3)

(demo_r_gind3).

[Codebook].

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cache/metadata/en/demo_r_gind3_esms.htm
Eurostat.

(2021e).

Real

GDP

per

capita

(sdg_08_10).

[Codebook].

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cache/metadata/en/sdg_08_10_esmsip2.htm
Eurostat.

(2021f).

Resource

productivity

(t2020_rl100).

[Codebook].

https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/cache/metadata/en/t2020_rl100_esmsip2.htm
Eurostat. (2021g). Resource productivity statistics. Eurostat Statistics Explained.
https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics67

explained/index.php?title=Resource_productivity_statistics#Resource_producti
vity_of_the_EU-27_and_across_Member_States_over_
Falkner, R. (2016). The Paris Agreement and the new logic of international climate
politics. International Affairs, 92(5), 1107–1125. https://doi.org/10.1111/14682346.12708
Fernández-Herrero, L., & Duro, J. A. (2019). What causes inequality in Material
Productivity

between

countries?

Ecological

Economics,

162,

1–16.

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolecon.2019.04.007
Flachenecker,

F.

(2017).

COMPETITIVENESS

AND

CLIMATE

CHANGE

MITIGATION Empirical Evidence on the Effects of Material Use and Material
Productivity on Competitiveness and Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Europe in
Sustainable

Resources

and

Economics

[University

College

London].

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/323079544_Competitiveness_and_Cli
mate_Change_Mitigation__Empirical_Evidence_on_the_Effects_of_Material_Use_and_Material_Producti
vity_on_Competitiveness_and_Greenhouse_Gas_Emissions_in_Europe
Flachenecker, F. (2018). The causal impact of material productivity on
macroeconomic competitiveness in the European Union. Environmental
Economics and Policy Studies, 20(1), 17–46. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10018016-0180-3
G7.

(2015).

Leadersʼ

Declaration

G7

Summit

7-8

June

2015.

G7.

https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/content/documents/7320LEADERS
STATEMENT_FINAL_CLEAN.pdf
G8. (2008). G8 Environment Ministers Meeting 2008 Kobe 3R Action Plan. G8.
https://www.env.go.jp/recycle/3r/en/g8_0805.html
Gan, Y., Zhang, T., Liang, S., Zhao, Z., & Li, N. (2013). How to Deal with Resource
Productivity.

Journal

of

Industrial

Ecology,

17(3),

440–451.

https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1530-9290.2012.00547.x
Hall, S. G. (2019). A synopsis of econometrics. In Panel Data Econometrics: Theory
(pp. 1–20). Elsevier. https://doi.org/10.1016/B978-0-12-814367-4.00001-0
68

Humphris-Bach, A., Essig, C., Morton, G., & Harding, L. (2016). EU Resource
Efficiency

Scoreboard

2015.

European

Union.

https://ec.europa.eu/environment/resource_efficiency/targets_indicators/scorebo
ard/pdf/EU Resource Efficiency Scoreboard 2015.pdf
James, G., Witten, D., Hastie, T., & Tibshirani, R. (2013). An Introduction to
Statistical Learning. In Springer Texts in Statistics (Vol. 103). Springer New
York. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-4614-7138-7
Krugman, P., & Wells, R. (2018). Economics (5th ed.). Macmillan Education.
Meintanis, S. G. (2011). Testing for normality with panel data. Journal of Statistical
Computation

and

Simulation,

81(11),

1745–1752.

https://doi.org/10.1080/00949655.2010.503654
Oberle, B., Bringezu, S., Hatfield-Dodds, S., Hellweg, S., Schandl, H., & Clement.
(2019). UNEP IRP Global Resources Outlook 2019. United Nations Environment
Programme. https://www.resourcepanel.org/reports/global-resources-outlook
OECD. (2001). OECD Environmental Strategy for the First Decade of the 21st
Century.

OECD.

https://www.oecd.org/env/indicators-modelling-

outlooks/1863539.pdf
OECD. (2008). Measuring Material Flows and Resource Productivity - The OECD
Guide.

Secretary-General

of

the

OECD.

https://www.oecd.org/environment/indicators-modelling-outlooks/MFAGuide.pdf
OECD. (2009). Resource Productivity in the G8 and the OECD - A Report in the
Framework

of

the

Kobe

3R

Action

Plan.

OECD.

https://www.oecd.org/env/waste/resourceproductivityintheg8andtheoecd.htm
Rademaekers, K., Asaad, S., & Berg, J. (2011). Study on the competitiveness of the
European companies and resource efficiency : final report : revised version after
the stakeholders consultation workshop and including policy recommendations.
Publications Office of the European Union. https://op.europa.eu/fi/publicationdetail/-/publication/e4a32ec8-2e88-43a6-8d0f-3bbaeb76df4a/languageen/format-PDF/source-121551832
69

Steinberger, J. K., & Krausmann, F. (2011). Material and Energy Productivity.
Environmental

Science

&

Technology,

45,

1169–1176.

https://doi.org/10.1021/es1028537
Steinberger, J. K., Krausmann, F., Getzner, M., Schandl, H., & West, J. (2013).
Development and Dematerialization: An International Study. Plos One, 8(10),
70385. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0070385
Ulucak, R., Koçak, E., Erdoğan, S., & Kassouri, Y. (2020). Investigating the non-linear
effects of globalization on material consumption in the EU countries: Evidence
from

PSTR

estimation.

Resources

Policy,

67(101667).

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.resourpol.2020.101667
UNEP. (2020). Letter from the Executive Director UNEP in 2020. United Nations
Environment Programme. https://www.unep.org/resources/annual-report/letterexecutive-director-2020-review
UNFCCC. (2009). Copenhagen Climate Change Conference - December 2009. United
Nations

Climate

Change.

https://unfccc.int/process-and-

meetings/conferences/past-conferences/copenhagen-climate-change-conferencedecember-2009/copenhagen-climate-change-conference-december-2009
United Nations. (1972). Report of the United Nations Conference on the Human
Environment. United Nations. http://undocs.org/en/A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1
United Nations. (1992). United Nations Conference on Environment & Development
- Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 3 to 14 June 1992 - Agenda 21. United Nations.
https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/content/documents/Agenda21.pdf
Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change,
(1997) (testimony of United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
(UNFCCC)). https://unfccc.int/documents/2409
van Buuren, S. (2018). Flexible Imputation of Missing Data (2nd ed.). CRC Press.
https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1201/9780429492259
Wang, Z., Feng, C., Chen, J., & Huang, J. (2017). The driving forces of material use
in China: An index decomposition analysis. Resources Policy, 52, 336–348.
70

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.resourpol.2017.04.011
Weisz, H., Krausmann, F., Amann, C., Eisenmenger, N., Erb, K. H., Hubacek, K., &
Fischer-Kowalski, M. (2006). The physical economy of the European Union:
Cross-country comparison and determinants of material consumption. Ecological
Economics, 58(4), 676–698. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolecon.2005.08.016
West, J., Schandl, H., Krausmann, F., Kovanda, J., & Hak, T. (2014). Patterns of
change in material use and material efficiency in the successor states of the former
Soviet

Union.

Ecological

Economics,

105,

211–219.

https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolecon.2014.06.013
Wooldridge, J. M. (2001). Econometric Analysis of Cross Section and Panel Data (2nd
ed.).

https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/econometric-analysis-cross-section-and-

panel-data-second-edition
Wooldridge, J. M. (2012). Introductory Econometrics - A Modern Approach (5th ed.).
Cengage Learning.

71

Appendix 1

Figure 1. Domestic material consumption, tonnes per capita, EU-27 countries, 20002019. Source: (Eurostat, 2020a). .................................................................................. 6
Figure 2. Changes of domestic material consumption and GDP, EU-27, 2000-2019.
Source: (Eurostat, 2021g)........................................................................................... 16
Figure 3. Resource productivity, 2000-2019, euro per kilogram. Source: (Eurostat,
2020d). ....................................................................................................................... 17
Figure 4. Architecture of material flow analysis (MFA). Source (OECD, 2008) ..... 20
Figure 5. Information pyramid on MFA indicators. Source: (OECD, 2008). ........... 23
Figure 6. Resource productivity and GDP per capita for EU-27 aggregate, 2000-2018.
Source: Own elaboration from (Eurostat, 2020d, 2021e) .......................................... 25
Figure 7. Development of domestic material consumption by main material category
for EU-27 aggregate, 2000=100, 2000-2019. Source: (Eurostat, 2021c) .................. 27
Figure 8. Visual diagnostics plot performed on linear regression model. Source: own
elaboration. ................................................................................................................. 41
Figure 9. Histogram and q-q plot for graphical inspection of normality of residuals.
Source: own elaboration. ............................................................................................ 42
Figure 10. Scale-location plot for controlling of heteroscedasticity. Source: own
elaboration. ................................................................................................................. 44
Figure 11. Fitted values and residuals plots for fixed effects model including timefixed effects. Source: Own elaboration. ..................................................................... 48

72

Appendix 2

Table 1. Independent variables used in previous literature. ...................................... 31
Table 2. Descriptive statistics .................................................................................... 38
Table 3. Correlation matrix. Source: own elaboration. ............................................. 39
Table 4. Lagrange Multiplier Test for individual and time effects. .......................... 40
Table 5. Hausmann specification test. ....................................................................... 40
Table 6. Anderson-Darling Normality test ................................................................ 43
Table 7. Variance inflation factor test ....................................................................... 44
Table 8. Breusch-Pagan test for homoscedasticity. ................................................... 45
Table 9. OLS-estimates on the effects of industry composition and material
composition on resource productivity. .................................................................. 51-52

73

