Gender Differences in the Finnish Labour Market
- Decomposing the Gender Wage Gap in Finland

Julia Kortelainen

Master’s Thesis in Economics
Supervisor: Prof. Eva Österbacka
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
2021

Åbo Akademi University - Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Abstract for Master’s thesis
Subject: Economics
Writer: Julia Kortelainen
Title: Gender Differences in the Finnish Labour Market - Decomposing the
Gender Wage Gap in Finland
Supervisor: Eva Österbacka
In this thesis, the gender differences and gender wage gap in the Finnish labour market are
analysed. Finland is often viewed as an equal welfare country; however, it has one of the
highest gender wage gaps compared to the other Nordic, EU and OECD countries. This
thesis aims to empirically examine the gender wage gap in Finland by decomposing and
analysing it. The aim is to comprehensively find and understand the issue and its roots and
reasons. Focus is put on human capital, children and family leave, as well as segregation
and discrimination in the labour market, to provide a comprehensive overview of the gender
differences in the labour market.
The methods used are based on the Mincer earnings function and the Blinder-Oaxaca
decomposition, and the data is deducted from OECD’s PIAAC survey collected in Finland
between 2011 and 2012. Depending on which method and variables were used, the gender
wage gap was at its lowest 11.9% and at its highest 40.2%. The modification of the Mincer
earnings function and the BO-decomposition both showed that children have a negative or
indifferent effect on women’s wages, but a positive on men’s wages. The results indicate
that work experience is one of the main reasons for the discriminatory gender wage gap,
since women fall behind men in work experience already at the beginning of their career
and never catch up. The results from the BO-decomposition also found that segregation and
children affected the explained part of the wage gap the most, while education had a minor
role. However, when decomposing the wage gap, the unexplained residual indicates that
even though women are more educated, they receive significantly less return for their
education than men. In addition, discriminatory signs were found for the private sector and
children, leading to a discussion on pay transparency and developments to family leave.
Therefore, current campaigns and proposals aiming to reduce the gap and achieve a genderequal labour market and society are also presented.

Keywords: Finland, labour market, gender wage gap, gender differences, human
capital, segregation, discrimination, the motherhood penalty
Date: 7.5.2021

Number of pages: 78

1

Table of Content
Table of Content

2

1 Introduction

3

1.1 Background

2 Theory

4

9

2.1 Defining the wage

10

2.2 Determining the wage

11

2.3 Segregation in the labour market

14

2.4 Discrimination in the labour market

16

2.5 The motherhood penalty

19

2.6 Analysing the wage

21

3 Previous research

26

3.1 Gender differences in careers

26

3.2 The motherhood penalty and parental leave

31

3.3 Implementing the Mincer earnings function

36

3.4 Implementing the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition

37

4 Method and Data

42

4.1 Method

42

4.2 Data

45

5 Results and analysis

47

6 Discussion

58

7 Conclusion
Summary in Swedish - svensk sammanfattning

63
64

References

67

Internet sources

72

Figures

73

Appendix

74

Appendix 1

74

Appendix 2

75

Appendix 3

76

Appendix 4

77

2

1 Introduction
This thesis examines the gender differences and gender wage gap in the Finnish labour
market. Differences in women’s and men’s wages is a very topical, critical, and lasting
issue. Proposals and statements about equality between the genders have transpired
over recent decades, but a significant gender wage gap has persisted. This thesis aims
to shine some light on the disturbingly high gender wage gap in Finland and analyse
and decompose it to find its underlying reasons.
This subject has been researched a great deal in the past, but not substantially
specifically for the Finnish labour market. Furthermore, new and more comprehensive
data enable more thorough and reliable research. In addition, the gender wage gap is a
complex and multifaceted issue, which requires taking into consideration many
different factors, which is not possible in short research papers. Therefore, the focus is
often put on only one specific issue or phenomenon. However, this paper aims to
consider as many aspects of the gender wage gap as possible to achieve a
comprehensive and actual representation of its reality. If there is reason to believe any
discrimination is rooted and found in the labour market, it is essential to acknowledge
this and take appropriate action. Conversely, if the segregation and wage differences
are only caused by individual choices and preferences, it is more challenging to meddle
with, since then they could be regarded as justified. It is a fine line for the government
to ensure that all citizens have the same opportunities and are not disfavoured due to
personal characteristics, but still ensure every individual’s right to decide over their
own life is not endangered. However, to take the appropriate course of action, one must
first comprehensively know and understand the issue and its roots and reasons, which
this thesis aims to do.
Extensive previous research and theory are found on gender differences in the labour
market and the gender wage gap, of which some is presented in the thesis. This forms
the background and foundation and enables a comparison to the research done in this
thesis. To analyse the gender wage gap thoroughly, several different empirical
methods will be used, taken from and inspired by previous research. The methods used
will be based on the Mincer earnings function (Mincer, 1974) and the Blinder-Oaxaca
3

decomposition (Blinder 1973; Oaxaca 1973) and the data are deducted from OECD’s
Programme for the International Assessment of Adult Competencies (PIAAC)
collected in 2011-2012 in Finland. These methods and this data material enable a
thorough and multifaceted analysis of the gender wage gap and its different layers.
Unique for this dataset is the presence of variables for cognitive skills. Many previous
studies have used school years to represent education and knowledge, but cognitive
skills enable an entirely new definition of knowledge. In addition, the dataset also
includes variables for both age and experience, which allows an illustration of
differences in results when using different human capital variables. In conclusion,
particular focus is put on children and family leave, segregation and discrimination on
the labour market, as well as the different benchmarks women and men encounter
when entering the workforce. Therefore, this thesis aims to empirically examine
gender differences in the labour market and the gender wage gap comprehensively.

1.1 Background
The gender wage gap (also called the gender pay gap) is a significant issue that has
been broadly researched and analysed, with mixed results. In this thesis, gender is
defined as a binary variable (man and woman) due to most datasets still making this
division. Most researchers agree that there is a gender wage gap favouring men, even
if the size of it might differ. The results depend on the method used, the variables
included and their definition, and which population is analysed. However, the fact is
still evident; there are several gender differences in wages and the labour market, and
the reasons for that are very complex. According to the European Commission
(ec.europa.eu, 2021), the pay gap is partly caused by women taking up a larger share
of unpaid domestic and care responsibilities than men. Furthermore, women tend to
adapt their work-life to this more prominent share of care responsibilities, which
influences their career pattern, the time spent outside of the job market, them working
part-time, and which sector or occupation they choose. In addition, women are often
working in lower-paid sectors or lower-paid positions.

4

This thesis focuses mainly on the Finnish labour market and the gender wage gap,
since the gender wage gap in Finland is significantly high. Delfino (2018) listed the
twelve most significant gender wage gaps among the OECD countries. Finland was
ranked eighth with a gap of 16.5%, tied with Mexico, after countries such as South
Korea, Japan, Estonia, Latvia, and Israel, to name a few. In 2018, according to
Eurostat’s data (Eurostat, 2020a), the unadjusted gender pay gap (% of average gross
hourly earnings of men) was 17.1% in Finland, which was higher than the mean for
the whole European Union of 15.0%. When comparing Finland with other Nordic
countries, the difference is significant. The gender pay gap for 2018 was 14% for
Denmark, 15% for Iceland, 14% for Norway and 12% for Sweden. (Eurostat, 2020a).
This is displayed below in Figure 1, with the unadjusted gender pay gap illustrated for
most European Union countries.

Figure 1: The gender pay gap in the unadjusted form in the EU.
Source: Eurostat, 2020.

5

Kauhanen and Napari (2011a) have analysed the gender wage gap and segregation in
the Finnish labour market. They explain that how the gender wage gap is often
presented - that the women’s euro is 80cents in Finland - does not give a righteous
picture of the labour market. This is often interpreted as women earning 20% less for
the same work as men, which Kauhanen and Napari (2011a) claim is not the case.
Research shows that wage differences can be explained with segregation, i.e. women
and men working in different tasks, companies, and fields. However, the European
Court of Justice concluded that the work of equal value does not necessarily imply
doing the same job. Different jobs can be of equal value when the educational,
professional and training requirements, as well as skills, effort, responsibility, work
undertaken, and the nature of tasks involved, are in reality equivalent (ec.europa.eu,
2021).
According to the Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare (THL, 2020), in 2019, the
most female-dominated sectors in Finland were the health and social services (86%
women), education (68% women), and accommodation and restaurant operations
(68% women) sectors. These fields tend to have lower wages, often because they are
usually in the municipal sector, which tend to have lower salaries than the private
sector. In comparison, the most male-dominated sectors in the same year were
construction (91% men), transportation and storage (80% men), industry (75% men),
and electricity, gas, heat, water, sewage, and wastewater management (75% men).
Moreover, of the Finnish entrepreneurs, one-third are women and two-thirds men.
Equal occupations are professions in which both women and men hold at least 40 per
cent of the jobs. However, in 2017 only 8.9% of Finns worked in equal professions.
(THL, 2020).
Nonetheless, employment rates for women and men have been relatively consistent,
with 73.3% for men and 71.8% for women in 2019. However, women work in parttime or fixed-term jobs more often than men, and men tend to have longer workweeks
and start their careers in more demanding positions than women. Furthermore, women
are less likely to hold a managerial position, and those who have one often tend to
work with support tasks such as human resources or communications. (THL, 2020)

6

Furthermore, Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) state that historically, men have been
responsible for the family’s economy and putting food on the table, while women have
been taking care of the children and the home. The world has changed since then, but
it is still most often the mothers who stay at home take care of the children, which
leads to breaks in their labour as well as lower work experience and wages. In Finland,
when having a child, the parents can receive maternity allowance, paternity allowance,
and parental allowance from Kela, the Social Insurance Institution of Finland. After
the child is born, the mother’s maternity leave continues for about three months, and a
maternity allowance is paid to mothers during this time. On the other hand, fathers can
have a maximum of 54 days of leave, i.e. about nine weeks. Of this time, the father
can spend 1–18 working days at home with the mother during the same period, and he
can take the rest of the leave after the period of parental allowance has ended. (Kela.fi,
2020)
Furthermore, both parents can take parental leave, which entails that Kela pays a
parental allowance for 158 working days. Working days are Monday to Saturday,
except for official holidays. The child will be about nine months old when the parents’
entitlement to the parental allowance ends. Parents can decide how to use the parental
leave entitlement, either split it or decide if only one of them uses it. Both parents
cannot be on parental leave simultaneously unless both works on a part-time basis and
are paid a partial parental allowance. (Kela.fi, 2020) However, the current Finnish
government, led by Prime Minister Sanna Marin, has presented a draft that includes a
proposition of prolonging the family leave by 43 days and assigning quotas - assigning
each parent with 160 days. However, the parents can transfer up to 63 of these days to
the other parent. If approved in Fall 2021, this proposition could come into force in
2022. (eduskunta.fi, 2021)
In 2019, the most common type of family with children in Finland was still a married
couple of the opposite gender, accounting for 57.1%. The second most common type
was cohabiting couples at 19.9% and families consisting of mothers and children at
19.5%. The proportion of families consisting of only fathers and children was only
3.4%. (Stat.fi, 2020) In the same year, men only took 11% of parental allowance days,
and 20% of fathers did not take family leave at all. After parental leave, 82% of
families use child home care allowance for at least some time. The child is almost
7

always cared for by one of their parents, who is in almost 93% of the cases the mother.
(Thl.fi, 2020) The child home care allowance is available to parents of children under
three who do not attend municipal daycare. The allowance is also payable for the
parents’ other children under school age whose daycare is arranged in the same way.
The care provider may be the child’s parent, other caregivers, or a private daycare
provider. However, how long the domiciliary care is used varies between families. For
families who were paid the child daycare subsidy for a child for whom they had
received parenthood allowance payments until 2017, 22% of parents used it up to 7
months, 24% 7-12 months, 34% 13-24 months, and 20% over 24 months. (Kela,
2020a). In 2019, in only 7.5% of the cases, the allowance went to the father. However,
this number has slowly risen in the past years, since it was only 5.3% in 2010 and 6.9%
in 2015. (Kela, 2020b)
In Finland, differences in education cannot be used as a reason to justify the gender
wage gap since women in Finland are, in fact, more educated than men. However,
women still have lower average earnings than men at all levels of education (THL,
2020). In 2018, 44.2% of the 30-34-year-old population in Finland completed tertiary
education (university, higher technical institution, etc.), where the women had a
significantly higher percentage with 52.5 % compared to 36.2% of men (Eurostat,
2020b). Furthermore, in OECD’s triennially organised PISA tests, which measures
skills and knowledge of 15-year-old students in mathematics, reading, science, and
problem-solving, Finland stands out in many ways. Finland is the only country in
which girls are more likely to be top performers than boys. On average, girls score 29
points higher than boys across the OECD countries. The most significant gaps – of
over 40 points – are observed in Finland, Sweden, Latvia, Australia, and New Zealand.
Furthermore, in the 2015 tests, girls performed significantly better than boys in
collaborative problem-solving in every country and economy that participated in the
assessment. (OECD, 2018). Napari (2008b) states that today women and men are
pretty similar in terms of the amount of schooling, but their choices concerning the
type of education still differ significantly. However, even if women and men have the
same education, they end up in different work assignments in the labour market
(Kauhanen & Napari, 2011a)

8

2 Theory
There are many theories behind wages and the gender wage gap since they are very
multifaceted and complex. Therefore, the variables affecting the gender wage gap are
many, and leaving one crucial factor unacknowledged can lead to distorted and
inaccurate results. However, it is difficult to measure all aspects quantitatively; for
instance, discrimination or personal preferences can occur, leading to challenges when
doing quantitative analysis.
According to Napari (2008a), from an economic point of view, studying gender
differences in the labour market is essential, since they affect both productivity and
competitiveness. Making sure that the human resources are efficiently used is therefore
crucial, especially regarding international aspects. Suppose the wage differences
between women and men reflect optimisation issues in the labour market, and women
are not working in fields where their productivity is at its highest. In that case, the
economy’s productivity potential is not optimised either. Furthermore, Paccagnella
(2015) explained that human capital has long been recognised as a crucial factor
determining the economy’s growth potential. Since economic growth is increasingly
driven by knowledge and skills, the importance of human capital is not likely to
diminish in the future. Björklund, Edin, Fredriksson, Holmlund and Wadensjö (2013)
also stated that since the wage affects the distribution of the consumption possibilities
in the society, it sparks interest and debate among researchers. The wage differences
gravely jeopardise the effectiveness of the market since a higher compensation tends
to encourage employees to make a more significant effort in their work. Furthermore,
wage differences are needed to distribute the workforce efficiently when they are based
on proper grounds. Therefore, to analyse this, researchers have used variables such as
education, cognitive skills, work experience, and gender to examine how they affect
wages.
The following chapters will present wage definition, wage determination, segregation,
labour market discrimination, the motherhood penalty, and wage analysis. After that
follows previous research which applies the theory as well as develops it.

9

2.1 Defining the wage
To analyse differences in wages, the wages themselves must be defined. Wage does
not always imply only the wage that is paid in money for every worked hour, i.e. the
monetary wage. Factors such as work environment, benefits (company car, discounts
etc.), social benefits (pension, sickness benefit) and new knowledge (human capital)
can be considered wage (Björklund et al., 2013). According to the European
Commission, all forms of pay regarding their employment are covered by equal pay
right, including salary, overtime pay, bonuses, any other benefits in cash or kind that
the worker receives directly or indirectly (ec.europa.eu, 2021). This thesis will focus
on the monetary wage, either hourly or monthly (including bonuses), since it is easier
to find data on and measure. However, it is important to remember that different people
might value the non-monetary wage differently, prioritising a better non-monetary
wage over a higher monetary one. Using data only on monetary wages may therefore
overestimate the wage differential in favour of men if women prefer more of their
compensation in the form of other benefits. According to a study conducted by
Sittenthaler & Mohnen (2020), women’s performance in response to non-monetary
incentives is significantly higher than in response to monetary incentives, while men’s
performance is significantly higher in response to monetary ones.
According to Björklund et al. (2013), there is also a distinction between wage and
labour income. Wage might be the hourly or monthly salary, while labour income
indicates the combined wages during a longer time, usually a year. The labour income
might therefore fluctuate depending on the worker’s life situation. Thus, for a worker
working full-time, the wage and labour income lines up quite well. However, for a
worker working part-time or seasonally, the wage might be like working full-time, but
the labour income might be significantly smaller. Since women work part-time more
often, the difference between wage and labour income should be acknowledged so that
the results are not distorted. Furthermore, according to Ehrenberg and Smith (2012),
there is a difference between the genders even when analysing full-time workers. This
might also influence the results if only the overall income is analysed. However,
different ways of collecting and using data have resulted in similar patterns in wage
distribution and -differences. (Björklund et al., 2013)
10

2.2 Determining the wage
Adam Smith introduced wage differences in his classic book “An Inquiry into the
Wealth of Nations” from 1776. Smith wrote (according to Björklund et al., 2013) that
jobs with disadvantages such as physically heavy work or a bad work environment
should have higher compensation. Therefore, wage differences should originate from
differences in different jobs’ advantages and disadvantages and the differences in
wages even out the welfare. However, it could be argued that this is not always the
case, especially in modern society, and other factors might also affect the wage
differences.
Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) write about wage determination in companies. They state
that most employers appear to give considerable attention to their compensation
policies, and the wage is determined by considering a multitude of factors. For
instance, when the employees are compensated not only in monetary wage but also
non-monetary wage, such as employee benefits or job safety, the employees must
decide on the mix of wages in the total compensation package. Furthermore, under
certain conditions, employers will behave monopsonistically, which means that they
will set their wages rather than take them as given. In conclusion, when determining
the wage, employers must make decisions based on different productivity factors.
Firstly, employees differ in work habits which affects productivity, but this is difficult
to observe especially before, but also after, being hired. Secondly, motivation plays a
significant role since an employee’s productivity, with a certain level of human capital,
can vary considerably over time or in different environments depending on the
motivation. Thirdly, productivity is affected by innate abilities, effort level, and the
working environment. Lastly, particularly productive employees are not restricted to
following orders but take the initiative and work towards the employer’s objectives.
Therefore, employers must choose management strategies and compensation policies
to obtain the profit-maximising employees and compare the costs of various policies
to the benefits to offer the employees the right incentives for optimal productivity.
However, in most countries, the knowledge of the wage is asymmetrical, i.e. the
employer knows the employees’ wages, but the employees usually do not know the
11

wages of their co-workers. This puts them at a disadvantage at wage bargaining or
attributable

to

possible

wage

discrimination.

The

European

Commission

(ec.europa.eu, 2021) has pushed and proposed a controversial pay transparency
initiative to resolve this. Pay discrimination is forbidden in the EU, and the lack of pay
transparency is, according to the European Commission, a key reason why pay
discrimination to a large extent is a hidden phenomenon. Therefore, the effective
enforcement of the rights to equal pay for equal work and work of equal value for
women and men remains a major challenge, partly due to a lack of information on
wages. To tackle this, the European Commission has proposed a series of measures for
employers. First, forcing employers to provide information about the initial pay level
or its range in the job vacancy notice or before the job interview. However, employers
will not be allowed to ask prospective workers about their salary history. Second,
giving workers the right to request information from their employer on their pay level
and on the average pay levels, broken down by gender, for categories of workers doing
the same work or work of equal value. Third, employers with at least 250 employees
must publish information on the pay gap between female and male workers in their
organisation. For internal purposes, they should also provide information on the pay
gap between female and male employees by categories of workers doing the same
work or work of equal value. Fourth, where pay reporting reveals a gender pay gap of
at least 5% and when the employer cannot justify the gap on objective gender-neutral
factors, employers will have to carry out a pay assessment in cooperation with
workers’ representatives. (ec.europa.eu, 2021)
Furthermore, the work environment and risks significantly affect the employees’
compensation to agree to work for the employer. Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) state
that employers must set their wages at the right level for a firm to be competitive in
the labour market, considering the working conditions. For instance, if two firms offer
the same wage, but one has worse working conditions than the other, the employees
will choose the company with better conditions. For the other firm to be competitive,
they must either improve the work environment or offer a higher wage to compensate
for the poor working conditions. The extra wage the company must pay to attract
workers is called a compensating wage differential, which gives people an incentive
to do dirty, dangerous, or unpleasant work voluntarily. It also rewards the workers who

12

accept unpleasant jobs by paying them more than comparable workers in more pleasant
jobs.
Employees also have different levels of risk aversion and, therefore, some employees
might choose the less risky job for a lower wage, while others will agree to take the
risky job if the pay is high enough. It is difficult to test the implications of the
employee’s risk aversion because measuring risk aversion is not generally possible.
Still, according to research, women are more often found in safer jobs than men. For
instance, according to a study conducted by DeLeire and Levy (2004), 92% of the
workers killed on the job in the mid-1990s were men, even though they only accounted
for 54% of the workforce. DeLeire and Levy also claim that workers raising children
feels a greater need to avoid risk in their work because they have loved ones who
depend on them. This is shown in their results, where both women and men who were
single parents chose to work in safer jobs. However, even though married women with
children more often worked in lower-risk jobs, no effect was found when analysing
married men with children. Therefore, DeLeire and Levy argued that because women
are often the caregiving and nurturing parent, they do not want to risk being hurt. At
the same time, the men, who typically are not the caregiver of the family but the
provider, might take the riskier jobs since they pay more.
According to models of job mobility, heterogeneity is found in the quality of
employee-employer matches, i.e. by searching for better matches and jobs, workers
can experience wage gains. However, Napari (2008b) states that models of job
mobility, for instance, by Burdett (1978) and Jovanovic (1979), does not consider
gender differences in the job mobility process. Nonetheless, Napari (2008b) speculated
that factors such as family requirements might constrain women in terms of work hours
and travelling, affecting their possibilities of job mobility. Furthermore, the theory of
compensating wage differentials might also explain women’s lower wage growth. The
competitive labour market contains equally attractive jobs to the worker in the
equilibrium when considering both monetary and non-monetary aspects of jobs. In
conclusion, women might be more likely to choose jobs that are more compatible with
family requirements, forsaking wages and wage growth.

13

2.3 Segregation in the labour market
Segregation is defined as an arrangement in the labour market that describes the
division between women and men between different professions, fields, and sectors
and between different hierarchical positions, career development, and wages
(Kolehmainen, 1999). According to Oaxaca (1973), unequal pay for equal work does
not account for a big part of the male-female wage differential. Instead, it is the
concentration of women in lower-paying jobs that produces the large wage
differentials. Furthermore, Meyerson, Petersen and Tron (1999) show that if women
and men have the same job with the same employer, they will receive approximately
the same wage. However, there is still some evidence of within-job segregation, which
entails wage differences between women and men in the same occupation and
establishment. Nonetheless, the gender wage gap is primarily caused by the fact that
women and men have different jobs, which is defined as occupational segregation.
Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) state that even though dramatic changes have occurred in
the labour market during the recent decades, women are still overrepresented in lowerpaying jobs and underrepresented in higher-paying ones.
According to Ehrenberg and Smith (2012), women and men have very different
occupational distributions, which can be defined as occupational segregation in the
labour market. They state that occupational segregation exists when the distribution of
occupations within one demographic group is very different from the distribution in
another. The gender aspect of this is reflected in the labour market with femaledominated and male-dominated occupations. Various measures have been developed
to analyse the inequality of gender representation between different occupational
categories, which are mainly based on comparing the existing distribution of women
and men in the labour market with the distribution that would occur if it was
randomised concerning gender. Consequently, the index of dissimilarity is based on
analysing which percentage of one gender must change occupations if the other gender
remains in their jobs for equal occupational distribution to occur. In other words, the
percentage would be 100 if complete segregation would exist, and zero if the labour
market would have equal distribution between genders. (Ehrenberg & Smith, 2012)

14

Furthermore, Oostendorp (2004) explains that segregation is often divided into
horizontal and vertical segregation. The division of women and men in different
occupations, for instance, women as nurses and men as construction workers, is
horizontal segregation. This kind of division in the labour market can include
discrimination without going against the rules for different pay for equal job but still
lead to wage differences. In comparison, vertical segregation involves a division
between women and men in the same fields, working on different levels and in
different positions. Therefore, vertical segregation (Oostendorp 2004) or within-job
segregation (Meyerson et al., 1996) could explain why women earn less in the same
fields as men. This could be considered discrimination if the women cannot reach the
higher positions due to the so-called glass ceiling. Albreich, Björklund and Vroman
(2007) define the glass ceiling as the phenomenon where women succeed in the labour
market up to a certain point, whereafter there is a limit to their prospects. A glass
ceiling would imply that women’s wages fall behind men’s more at the top of the wage
distribution than at the middle or bottom, i.e. an acceleration of the gender wage gap
at the upper end of the wage distribution. This is also defined as within-job wage
discrimination and is nowadays illegal in most countries (Meyerson et al., 1996).
In conclusion, segregation in the labour market exists mainly in two forms: 1)
distribution of women and men in different occupations, fields, and sectors, and 2) in
different levels and positions. However, researchers agree that the main reason for the
gender wage gap is the first form of segregation, even though there is some evidence
of the latter form also existing. Furthermore, Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) state that
the reasons and underlying factors for occupational segregation in the labour market
are disputed. If occupational segregation reflects lower payoffs to given human capital
characteristics or a limitation of occupational preferences, it can be argued to be labour
market discrimination. However, if occupational segregation reflects different
preferences or household responsibilities (for instance, childcare), two different
statements can be made. It can either be stated that there is no issue since these choices
are formed naturally and are genuinely people’s preferences, or it can be argued that
these preferences reflect pre-market discrimination, which is further discussed in the
following chapter.

15

2.4 Discrimination in the labour market
Offering yet another explanation for gender differences in wage development are the
different theories of discrimination. The economic definition of discrimination in the
labour market is that the economic compensation an individual receives for her or his
work effort not only depends on an individual’s productivity but also qualities that do
not affect the work effort (Björklund et al., 2013; Ehrenberg & Smith, 2012).
Researchers have established that differences in wages and unemployment between
different groups are pretty large and lasting over time, which is complicated to describe
with traditional theories on market mechanisms (Björklund et al.,2013). Blau and
Lawrence (2016) also emphasise the importance of analysing gender differences
between different professions and lines of businesses, as well as different gender roles
and gender distribution on the labour market. According to them, many of these can
be explained by factors such as women taking more breaks in their careers and having
shorter working hours, but research has shown that discrimination cannot be excluded.
Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) divide discrimination into four categories: labour market
discrimination, pre-market discrimination, wage discrimination, and occupational
discrimination. Labour market discrimination is defined as the differential treatment
of different groups in the labour market. Therefore, career choices that are directly
limited or influenced by lower revenue per human capital reflect labour market
discrimination.

Pre-market

discrimination,

however,

involves

distinguishing

behaviour from parents, schools or society towards women and men, already at a
young age. Therefore, any segregation that is caused by gender roles and different
expectations reflects pre-market discrimination. However, as stated in the previous
chapter, decisions made by the individual’s own free will and preferences are not
discrimination, even if it sometimes might be challenging to separate these from each
other. Furthermore, wage discrimination occurs when women are paid less than men
with the same work experience and qualifications. At the same time, occupational
discrimination occurs when women with the same qualifications and potential are
disregarded and referred to lower-paying jobs or jobs with less responsibility.

16

In addition, two broad types of economic models of discrimination are taste-based and
statistical discrimination. Both assume that people consciously discriminate, either
due to personal reasons or assuming that an individual from the group automatically
has a specific characteristic, for instance, in productivity. Becker (1971) developed the
first class of models, formalising discrimination as a taste or prejudice by one group
against another. The second group of models, introduced by Phelps (1972) and Arrow
(1973), assumes discrimination has its roots in imperfect information about the skills
and behaviour of a group of individuals. According to Arrow (1973), in a world of
imperfect and asymmetric information, employers have incentives to use easily
observable characteristics, such as gender, when building expectations on workers’
productivity, which might lead to discrimination. Phelps (1972) analysed statistical
discrimination to explain why discrimination happens in the long run, although
competition occurs. He assumed that information is incomplete and uncertain, leading
to differences in the productivity expectation or the reliability of these predictions, thus
leading to differences in how the groups are treated. For instance, if it is assumed that
women, in general, have lower productivity, they will be paid a lower salary from the
beginning. Therefore, women who are highly career-oriented and productive may
suffer from discrimination, since they belong to a group whose members are assumed
to be loosely attached to the labour market and, as a result, less productive.
Furthermore, according to Bertrand et al. (2005), implicit discrimination also exists,
which entails that an individual unconsciously has discriminating attitudes and
stereotypes. Therefore, the discrimination might be a conscious and deliberate act or
unintentional and outside the discriminator’s awareness.
Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) also recite two discrimination models which assume
personal prejudice - employer discrimination and customer discrimination. The
models assume that employers, customers, or employees have prejudicial tastes, i.e.
they have preferences against associating with members of certain demographic
groups - comparable with taste-based discrimination. The employer discrimination
model assumes that the employer, for instance, a white male, are prejudiced against
women and minorities, even though they are assumed to have the same productivity
characteristics as white males (pre-market differences are therefore disregarded). Via
this assumption, if the employers have a decided preference for hiring white males in
higher-paying jobs, despite the availability of equally qualified women and minorities,
17

they will act as if the latter were less productive than the former. Consequently, the
actual productivity of women and minorities is devalued by employers. Therefore the
employees of these groups must offer their services at lower wages than white males
to compete for employment. Therefore, in the presence of a more significant number
of employees from the female or minority groups than non-discriminating employers,
discriminating employers will be induced to hire from that group, thus creating a wage
gap derived from the devaluation of these employees. The summation of the model is
that non-discriminatory employers hire women and minorities to the point where their
marginal product equals their wage, but the discriminating employer ends their hiring
short of that point, thus losing profits because of their prejudices. However, this should
not be possible in the long run since these firms do not profit maximise and should be
diminished by competitive forces by the non-discriminating firms. Nonetheless,
employer discrimination is most likely to persist when owners or managers do not have
to maximise their profits to stay in business, i.e., government-regulated monopolies.
The other personal-prejudice model that Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) recite is the
model of customer discrimination, which emphasises customer prejudice. This model
assumes customers have preferences about the employees serving and greeting them,
leading to segregation in occupations with high customer contact. For instance, if
customers’ preferences for jobs requiring significant responsibility, such as airline
pilot, are white males, then occupational segregation at a disadvantage of women and
minorities might occur. The employers that surrender to these demands will hire only
the preferred group of employees, pay higher wages, and charge higher prices than
firms that employ workers from disfavoured groups and serve non-discriminatory
customers. Consequently, according to this model, women and minorities are again
forced to accept lower wages or be more qualified than the average white male.
Both the employee and customer models of discrimination can help to explain the
finding of Groshen’s (1991) study that employers usually hire only women or only
men into any single job title, even if other employers hire members of the opposite sex
into that job title. Ragan and Tremblay (1988) also analysed employee discrimination
and found that young white men earn more in racially integrated workplaces than
workplaces with segregated environments.

18

Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) state that ideally, wage discrimination could be identified
and estimated with a four-step process, which was first described by Oaxaca (1973).
However, according to Ehrenberg and Smith, the appropriate data needed for this is
challenging to obtain. Separating the differences in productivity caused by pre-market
differences and the factors caused by labour market discrimination is next to
impossible, since they intersect and affect each other, negatively affecting the
reliability and validity of the results. Therefore, a reliable method that could measure
the exact amount of segregation caused by some sort of discrimination has not yet been
developed. However, by using extensive data and adding more variables and
characteristics relevant for determining the wage, the unexplained part in the gender
wage gap can be reduced, and more valid conclusions about any labour market
discrimination could be achieved.

2.5 The motherhood penalty
As stated in the previous chapter about segregation in the labour market, occupational
segregation can reflect different preferences or household responsibilities such as
childcare, which can either genuinely reflect people’s preferences or result from
premarket discrimination. Furthermore, it has been stated that clear gender division in
the households has historically occurred, with men having the breadwinner role and
women the child and home care role. Becker (1985, 1991) pointed out that women’s
greater domestic responsibilities bring less energy to the labour market with adverse
effects on their productivity and wages. In 1991, Becker introduced the theory of
specialisation in households, concluding that efficiency is rational and requires
specialisation. Becker’s analysis of specialisation generally assumes two so-called
sectors: market and household. In an efficient household, both spouses do not allocate
time to both sectors. In other words, specialisation occurs if (and only if) both spouses
do not allocate time to both the market sector and the household sector. If one spouse
allocated time to a single sector, while the other spouse may allocate time to one sector
or both sectors, weak specialisation occurs. The widespread pattern in which both
spouses allocate time to both market work and household work corresponds to
nonspecialisation. (Becker, 1991)
19

Becker’s theory emerged from economics but can be applied to family theory through
the emphasis on the roles of spouses within families. Parsons (1958) also argued that
women and men performed different roles in the family (i.e. specialisation), with men
performing the breadwinning role and women performing the nurturing role. Parsons
argued that women and men had separate but equal roles in the family. Women have
an expressive role, i.e. to be emotionally attuned to family members. In contrast, men
had an instrumental role, i.e., earning money to support the family financially and act
as the disciplinarian.
In conclusion, an abundance of theory discusses the reason for the traditional gender
roles in households, if it is simply in the mother’s nature and biological properties that
make her more suitable and willing to take care of the family’s children, or if there are
different expectations and predetermined gender roles in the labour market. In either
case, previous research shows a clear sign of the so-called motherhood penalty, a wage
gap caused by women taking greater responsibility in the households and childcare,
causing them to fall behind men in the labour market. Therefore, a countries’ family
leave and childcare schemes greatly affect the families’ possibilities and choices,
especially those of the mothers.
Affecting the specialisation in families is the possibility and extension of maternal,
paternal, and parental leave. According to Salmi and Närvi (2017), family leave is not
just about choices but also about the conditions of the choices. The person making a
choice, the mother or father, makes her or his decisions through the interaction of
structural conditions and individual action in a whole: 1) what options the family leave
and daycare system offer; 2) what opportunities and obstacles their life situation create
in the labour market, workplace, and family; 3) what the mother’s and father’s own
motivations and values are on family leave; and 4) how family leave is negotiated
between the spouses. All these factors occur in a social, cultural and ideological
environment built on a long tradition of the division of labour between the genders and
the notions of motherhood, fatherhood, care, work, and related practices that it shapes.
One suggested solution to reduce the effect of children on the gender wage gap is that
the parental allowance would be allocated to so-called “father quotas”. Klinth (2002)
explains that this would entail that parts of the parental allowance would be reserved
20

for respective parents. A completely quoted parental allowance would mean that the
allowance would be divided equally, without the right of transferring a part of one
parent’s quota to the other. Partially quoted parental allowance, on the contrary, entails
that only some of the allowance days are reserved for respective parents, without the
right to transfer, and the rest to be shared. Salmi and Närvi (2017) also argue that when
making the political decisions on how the parental leave can be distributed, it strongly
steers the parents in which direction their choices go. For instance, when parental leave
is freely shared, it guides the parents’ more or less conscious choices towards the
“obvious”, i.e. sharing the workload according to the traditional gender norms.
Therefore, by introducing quotas for fathers, it guides the choices and thoughts towards
the “non-obvious”, where the father’s role as a parent is highlighted and forces him to
ponder whether he will utilise his parental leave or not. Arguments for quotas have
been that the state has a specific responsibility to stimulate men to take out parental
leave and that it is in the children’s interest. For instance, Kvande (2009) claims that
the Norwegian parental leave scheme, which has implemented father quotas, aims not
only to facilitate the opportunities for women to combine work and childcare but also
to ensure that the beneﬁts and burdens of children are shared between women and men.
In addition, it is thought to strengthen the father-child relationship. It would also signal
to the father’s employers that the father can also stay longer on parental leave, and it
is acceptable in today’s labour market (Salmi and Närvi, 2017).

2.6 Analysing the wage
According to different economic theories, the gender wage gap is partly caused by
segregation in the labour market, reflecting productivity differences between
occupations and fields in the economy and different human capital factors such as
education and experience. The part of the wage gap which these factors cannot explain
is argued to reflect discrimination or data errors. Different theories and methods have
been developed to analyse which factors affect the wage and their impact. The most
common approach is based on the human capital theory developed by Becker (1964)
and Mincer (1974). According to the human capital theory, gender wage differentials
are caused by gender differences in human capital accumulation. Napari (2008b)
21

explains that due to women’s weaker labour market attachment, they tend to
accumulate less labour market experience than men. Therefore, since labour market
experience is an essential factor contributing to wage growth, differences in experience
between women and men presumably explain at least parts of the gender gap in earlycareer wage growth. In addition, the anticipation of future career breaks might affect
women’s motivation to complete wage enhancing investments in job training. Women
might also invest less in pre-labour market human capital investments, i.e. men might
invest more in education or different types of education.
The Mincer earnings function, a single-equation model, explains wage income as a
function of schooling and experience (Mincer, 1974). In other words, according to
Björklund et al. (2013), the Mincer earnings function is an ordinary least squares
(OLS) regression, which estimates an individual’s hourly wage based on years of
education and years of work experience. Therefore, it assumes that the only systematic
source for differences in proficiency is education, which is often measured as school
years. The salary is logarithmic because it is assumed that the productivity
characteristics take a normal distribution and affect the salary in a multiplying manner.
A quadratic effect of work experience is also added since it is assumed that investments
in human capital become less profitable the later in working life they are undertaken.
Therefore, it is assumed that the investment share decreases over time.
The Mincer earnings function has been criticised because of its simplicity and risk for
a significant bias, so many researchers have further developed it. For instance,
according to Hanushek, Schwerdt, Wiederhold and Woessmann (2013), it is not only
the education that determines an individual’s proficiency, but also family effects,
quality and amount of school effects, work-life experience, and health. The
measurement of knowledge as years of school is only a reliable variable if the years
lead to a higher degree that ensures a higher salary. Therefore, they stated that instead
of using school years as the variable for proficiency, the function should include a
variable for cognitive skills containing relevant human capital skills such as numeracy,
literacy, and problem-solving. However, cognitive skills are quite difficult to measure
appropriately, generating a higher risk of measurement errors. Like the Mincers
earnings function, their function also assumes the relationship between wage and
human capital as logarithmic. They found that numeracy had a strong connection with
22

education, which could be explained by the fact that individuals with better numeracy
skills tend to succeed better in the education system.
According to Kunze (2017), many researchers take the Mincer earnings function as a
starting point when examining the relationship between wage, education, and skill
accumulation. However, by building on these estimated wage regressions, the raw
gender wage gap can be decomposed into two parts: one explained by differences in
mean endowments between women and men, and another which reflects gender
differences in the price of market skills. The estimation of logarithmic wage
regressions using microeconomic data and applying some type of decomposition
analysis builds on the Oaxaca–Blinder decomposition (Oaxaca, 1973; Blinder, 1973),
which has been the primary empirical method used to understand the gender wage gap.
The Blinder-Oaxaca (BO) decomposition is a method to analyse the wage differential
between two groups, for instance, women and men, to determine the portion of the
wage differential that is attributable to differences in skills and the portion that is
potentially attributable to the labour market discrimination (Jann, 2008). This method
was introduced by two different researchers, Ronald Oaxaca (1973) and Alan Blinder
(1973), in the same year of 1973 and has been widely implemented and developed
since then. The decomposition enables the assessment of the relative contribution of
differences in observable characteristics (composition effect), compared to differences
in the rates of returns to those characteristics (wage structure effect) (Oaxaca, 1973).
It enables the analysis of several different variables that affect wages, such as
education, occupation, part-time work, and a comparison between two different
groups, such as genders. However, occupational dummies are controversial since all
employees, in the end, have a unique job and, therefore, the entire wage differential
could be explained by occupational categories (Vartiainen, 2001). According to Kunze
(2017), the virtue of such decomposition is that an aggregate quantitative account of
how much of the gender wage gap is explained by differences in relevant labour market
skills is achieved. In addition, it identifies the specific sources of the gap, for instance,
gender differences in either education or years of work experience or their returns.
Ehrenberg and Smith (2012) state that ideally, comprehensive variables such as
characteristics of age, education and training, experience, tenure with current
23

employer, hours of work, firm size, region, the intensity of work effort, industry, and
the job’s duties, location, and working conditions would be included in the
decomposition. Such a decomposition would, for instance, enable an estimation of how
changes in each productivity characteristic would affect the earnings of women and
how much women would earn if their productive characteristics were the same as those
of men. After that, by comparing the hypothetical average earnings level for women
with the actual average earnings of men, any sign of wage discrimination should be
detected. In the absence of discrimination, women and men with identical productive
characteristics should have identical earnings. Oaxaca (1973) explain this procedure
as approximating the effects of discrimination by the residual left after subtracting the
effects of differences in individual characteristics from the overall wage differential.
However, researchers have opposed the use of “discrimination” as the only explanation
for this residual.
Daymont and Andrisani (1984) were one of the first to redefine the discrimination
residual as the unexplained residual, stating that it is common to interpret this residual
as the portion in wage gaps caused by labour market discrimination and the explained
residual as a result of non-discriminatory factors. However, the discrimination residual
might either overestimate or underestimate the effects of labour market discrimination,
since factors such as sample selectivity, endogeneity, the inhibiting effect of past
discrimination, comparable worth types of issues, and omitted variables, affect the
reliability of the results. Weichselbaumer and Winter-Ebmer (2005) also discuss the
issue of overestimating and underestimating the discrimination effects when using the
BO-decomposition. They stated that if the included characteristics are affected by
discrimination, then the estimated discrimination is understated. However, if the
included variables do not measure productivity comprehensively, the estimate is
biased either upwards or downwards. The researchers generally only have a restricted
number of productivity indicators. Consequently, if the omitted variables correlate
with gender, the residual might capture not only discrimination but also unobserved
group differences in productivity (for instance, voluntary choices).
Jann (2008) also states that the BO-decomposition might overestimate the impact of
discrimination if essential variables that affect skill and productivity are not controlled
for in the model, since it also subsumes the effects of group differences in unobserved
24

predictors. Furthermore, using data only on wages may overestimate the wage
differential in favour of men if women prefer more of their compensation in the form
of fringe benefits. Therefore, whether the residual can be called the discrimination
effect should be considered critically, making the unexplained residual a more
uncontroversial definition. However, research supports that the residual often contains
discrimination, but its exact size is difficult to determine.
In conclusion, many theories have been developed to explain the actual size of the
gender wage gap and illustrate the underlying reasons and driving forces behind it.
However, no consensus has been made over which model is the most ideal or “perfect”,
since the wage gap is very complex and the reasons behind it are not always
quantitatively measurable. Nonetheless, by using, modifying and developing the
models, and implementing them with new and improved data, better and more
comprehensive results can be achieved.

25

3 Previous research
3.1 Gender differences in careers
According to previous research, one of the primary reasons for the gender wage gap is
segregation, i.e. that women and men tend to work in different positions, occupations,
fields, and sectors. However, according to the European Commission, the fact that
women and men work in different jobs does not equal the jobs being incomparable.
For instance, in the UK, courts decided that lower-paid shop staff, mostly women, can
be compared with higher-paid warehouse workers, primarily men (ec.europa.eu,
2021).
Kolehmainen (1999) explains that the labour market in Finland has changed
substantially between the 1970s and 1990s, with massive growth in the economy, an
increasingly comprehensive service industry, and more women in the labour market.
Therefore, segregation has decreased slightly, but not as much as one would expect.
Even though many male-dominated industries have more female workers, many
female-dominated industries have stayed female dominated. Thus, occupations in the
healthcare sector and office duties are still female dominated. Furthermore, women’s
wages are lower in both male- and female-oriented fields, as well as the equally divided
ones. Kauhanen and Napari (2011a) state that there has been a recent change in
education, since an increasing number of women are choosing more technical
educations, which were previously male dominated. However, even if women and men
have the same education, they end up in different work assignments in the labour
market. These differences are more visible later, with more men being promoted than
women, men achieving their peak earnings at a younger age, and men’s income
development being more vigorous (THL, 2020). Men excelling women is partly due
to women often taking maternity leave at the beginning of their career, which is also
when the most rapid career progress is made (Kauhanen & Napari, 2011b).
The gender wage gap is also considered partly due to women and men having different
jobs, i.e. occupational segregation. In a study conducted by Meyerson et al. (1999),
results indicate that men and women with the same job at the same employer will
26

receive almost the same wage. However, there is still some evidence of within-job
segregation, which entails wage differences between men and women in the same
occupation and establishment. For instance, a study conducted by Meyerson et al.
(1996), analysing within-job wage differences in Sweden, found that the wage
differences were relatively small but still significant. When comparing women and
men in the same occupation and establishment, it was found that women on average
earn 1.4% less per hour than men among the blue-collar workers but 5.0% less among
white-collar workers. However, the within-occupation gaps are relatively small, less
than 5% and 7% among blue- and white-collar workers, respectively. In addition, the
results indicated that among the white-collar workers, occupational segregation mainly
accounts for the existing wage differences and establishment segregation plays a minor
role. In contrast, amongst the blue-collar workers, the two types of segregation were
equally important.
A study conducted by Manning and Swaffield (2008) illustrated that gender wage gaps
are mainly driven by gender differences in wage growth during the first ten years in
the labour market. However, Napari (2008b) found that there was already some
evidence of gender wage differentials at the entry to the labour market. Kauhanen and
Napari (2011b) state that even if a part of the gender wage gap in the early-career wage
growth can be explained with differences in human capital investment and job mobility
behaviour between women and men, a substantial unexplained gap remains. They
speculate that gender differences in career progression could play an essential part in
contributing to the observed growth of the early-career gender wage gap due to
differences in promotion probabilities, propensity to change employers, and returns to
different career events. Therefore, they examined gender differences in careers using
a large, linked employer-employee dataset of Finnish white-collar manufacturing
workers throughout 1981–2006. They focused on three key issues: 1) how strong the
segregation of women and men into different positions at the very beginning of their
careers is; 2) investigating the gender differences in starting salaries and returns to
changes in hierarchical positions, and 3) if there are gender differences in the later
career development by investigating promotion probabilities in different career phases.
Kauhanen and Napari (2011b) analysed gender differences on different hierarchical
levels among those entering the labour market for the first time by estimating an
27

ordered probit model. The first specification controls only for gender and year, the
second specification adds age and the years and field of education to the model, and
the third specification includes dummies for industry and firm size. Kauhanen’s and
Napari’s results indicate that men start their careers from higher ranks of the hierarchy
than women do, although gender differences in education explain parts of this gap. To
be exact, women are 13.1% more likely than men to start their career from the bottom
of the hierarchy and 23.2% more likely to enter at the second-lowest step of the ladder.
However, when they accounted for gender differences in pre-labour market human
capital investments (i.e. education), the gap got smaller but remained statistically
significant. Pekkarinen and Vartiainen (2006) and Ransom and Oaxaca (2005) also
conducted research that found that women tend to enter at lower hierarchical ranks
than men at labour market entry.
Furthermore, Kauhanen and Napari (2011b) analysed the gender differences in starting
salaries and returns to changes in hierarchical positions with an OLS regression model
for entry wage. Their first specification, which included the raw gender gap in starting
wages with dummies for women and year, showed that men’s starting wages on
average were 25.3% higher than those of their female colleagues. However, half of
this could be explained by gender differences in educational choices, which was shown
by their second specification, which added controls for the years and field of education.
In their third specification, industry, firm size, and job title were added to the model,
which resulted in the gender wage gap decreasing from 10.5% to 6.2%. Therefore, the
conclusion was drawn that labour market segregation also contributes to the gender
gap in entry wages. In conclusion, men earn higher starting wages than women, but
when accounting for differences in education and occupational segregation, the gap
shrank from 25.3% to 6.2% but remained highly significant.
Kauhanen and Napari (2011b) also analysed differences in the later career
development of women and men by investigating promotion probabilities in different
career phases, using a linear probit model for promotion. The human capital-related
variables included in the model were age and its square, years of education and its
square, the field of education, and tenure and its square. Furthermore, to account for
earlier career development, they controlled for years spent in the current hierarchical
level and job title, the number of career breaks, the number of prior job titles, and
28

characteristics of the co-workers. Their results showed that men are more likely to be
promoted than women, especially during the first years in the labour market,
amplifying the gender differences in hierarchical positions already apparent at labour
market entry. These conclusions were drawn from their results, which showed that
women are 2.4 percentage points less likely to be promoted than men, although
variation occurs depending on work experience. The gender gap in promotion
probability is highest during the first five years in the labour market at 3.0 percentage
points, drops to 2.1 percentage points when experience is six to ten years and is at its
lowest at 0.8 percentage points when experience exceeds ten years. The predicted
promotion probability for men was 63.5% higher for men than women amongst
workers with two to five years of experience and 21.1% amongst those with over ten
years of experience.
Thus, the likelihood of promotion is most profound during the first years in the labour
market. The results also showed that men are typically less likely to be demoted than
women, and women suffer more considerable wage losses from demotions with an
employer change. Furthermore, men experienced higher returns to promotion with
employer changes, whereas internal promotions led to similar wage gains for both
genders. When analysing the impact of position changes on wages, i.e. whether women
gain as much from mobility as men do, the results showed that returns to promotions
with an employer change are about 1.5 percentage points lower for women than men.
Similarly, women gained less from moving to a new firm without a change in the
hierarchical level. (Kauhanen & Napari, 2011b)
To further examine gender differences in promotion, Kauhanen and Napari (2011b)
also estimated the probit model by an individual’s current position in the hierarchy.
The results showed that even when focusing on women and men working at the same
initial position, a significant gender gap in promotion probability remained and
considerable variation in the gap between positions could be detected. In accordance
with the glass ceiling effect, the gender gap in the predicted promotion probability
increased as they moved from the lower positions to the top of the hierarchy. Men had
a 65.5% higher probability at wage level 5 (the highest level). However, the results
also supported the sticky floor model. The gender gap in promotion probability

29

widened at the bottom end of the hierarchy, with men having a 62% higher probability
at the second-lowest wage level, compared to 25.4% at the second highest.
In comparison, Albrecht, Björklund, and Vroman (2003) also analysed the glass
ceiling effect in Sweden and found similar results. Using data from 1998, they showed
that the logarithmic gender wage gap in Sweden increased throughout the wage
distribution and accelerated in the upper tail of the distribution, which they interpret
as a glass ceiling effect. Using quantile regressions, they examined whether this pattern
can be ascribed primarily to gender differences in labour market characteristics or to
gender differences in rewards to those characteristics. In conclusion, even after
extensive controls for gender differences in age, education, sector, industry, and
occupation, they found that the glass ceiling effect persisted to a considerable extent.
Therefore, their findings suggest that a gender-specific mechanism in the Swedish
labour market hinders women from reaching the top of the wage distribution. They
also argued that occupational segregation is simply a relabelling of the glass ceiling
effect.
Napari (2008b) also found evidence of the glass ceiling effect when analysing gender
differences in early-career wage growth, specifically considering job mobility. When
computing an OLS-regressions analysis, he found lower wage growth for the Finnish
women during the first years in the labour market, with the gender wage gap more than
doubling during the first ten years in the labour market. In addition, by also computing
a decomposition of the average annual wage growth, evidence was found that the gap
in early-career wage growth between male and female white-collar workers is only
moderately connected with gender differences in rates of employer changes, and more
with the fact that women fall behind men both in between-firm and within-firm wage
growth. When computing the last quantile regressions, Napari found the same glass
ceiling pattern found in Sweden and Denmark, with a significant increase in the female
wage penalty at the upper end of the wage distribution. Napari stated that, in
conclusion, job mobility plays a minor role in terms of wage growth for young women,
since not only are young women less likely to quit a job, but they also seem to receive
lower returns to mobility than young men. Furthermore, women change jobs more
often than men because of family or non-market related reasons, which explains part
of the gender differential in the returns to job mobility.
30

3.2 The motherhood penalty and parental leave
Previous research on the gender wage gap seems to be in consensus over the fact that
one of the major reasons for the gap is children, the so-called motherhood penalty. For
instance, Napari (2007) researched the motherhood wage penalty in the Finnish private
sector and found evidence of children negatively affecting the mother’s wage. The loss
of knowledge and human capital during maternity leave seems to be one of the main
underlying factors for the lower wage (Napari, 2007; Kauhanen & Napari, 2011a).
Napari (2007) found evidence of mothers and childless women choosing different
kinds of firms, which influences wages. In addition, the wage penalty seemed to be
lower in female-dominated industries compared to male-dominated ones. Differences
in the size of the wage penalty across the wage distributions were also found. Napari
also stated that mothers who stayed on maternity leave for a longer time experienced
a higher wage penalty if they were part of the upper end of the wage distribution, i.e.
had higher salaries.
Moreover, Kauhanen and Napari (2011a) also state that today’s knowledge expires
very fast, which may lead to a requirement to obtain new knowledge to return to the
workplace. Their research showed that the penalty of maternity leave is higher for
women in higher positions because of the knowledge obsoletion and risks of losing
their position, or at least the chance of being promoted further. This risk is not as high
in most lower-paying jobs, where the demand for knowledge and cognitive skills is
lower. In addition, with the current child leave system in Finland, mothers are more
prone to stay home longer with the children, which leads to a shorter and interrupted
work experience. Furthermore, employers might be less willing to hire a woman for a
significant position because of the work and costs that a potential child leave might
bring, as the maternity leave does not only require finding a replacement, but also
having to pay a higher salary for both. Therefore, Kauhanen and Napari (2011a)
suggest that a solution to this segregation would be a change in the family-leave
structure, to make it more equal. According to them, by establishing a so-called
father’s quota, a more even family leave distribution would be encouraged.

31

According to Cederström (2019), the Nordic countries offer the most generous parental
leave schemes globally, and Nordic people also take longer leaves than parents in most
other countries. Sweden became the first country in the world to offer parental leave
for fathers in 1974, followed by the other Nordic countries; Norway in 1978, Iceland
in 1981, Denmark in 1984, and finally Finland in 1985. However, few fathers exploited
this until specific “daddy quotas” were introduced (Cederström, 2019).
A quota system for parental leave, the so-called father’s or daddy quota, has been
implemented in Norway, Sweden, and Iceland. Norway pioneered this in 1993 by first
introducing a four-week father’s quota of parental leave and slowly increasing it year
by year (Kvande, 2009). However, in 2014, Norway reduced the number of weeks
reserved for the father, from fourteen to ten weeks, but quickly increased it to the
current 15 weeks (Cederström, 2019). The parental leave in Norway is divided into
three parts; the shared period of 26 weeks (which can be freely divided between the
parents), the maternal quota of 15 weeks (+3 weeks before the birth) and the paternal
quota of 15 weeks (Samfunnsforskning.no, 2020). In 1995, Sweden followed and
introduced a partially quoted parental allowance, where one month was reserved for
each parent, without the right of transfer. Furthermore, in 2002, Sweden increased the
partial quota to two months per parent (Socialdepartementet, 2007), and in 2016 it was
further increased from 8 to 12 weeks (regeringen.se, 2018). Iceland, however,
introduced the three-part system in 2003, which meant that each parent had an
independent entitlement for up to three months leave, which was not assignable. In
addition, they had a joint entitlement to an additional three months leave, which the
parents could freely divide between themselves. (Ministry of Social Affairs, 2013)
According to Cederström (2019), since introducing the three-part quota system in
Norway, a dramatic change in the proportion of fathers who take parental leave, from
4% to 70%, has been seen. Furthermore, when Iceland introduced the three-part system
in 2003, a dramatic increase was experienced in the number of fathers taking their
portion of the parental leave, from under 1% to 80% in only a few years. In addition,
in 2011, 90% of the Icelandic fathers took the whole three months they were entitled
to. However, these initiatives have been criticized for constraining families’ freedom
to divide parental leave as they see fit, despite proving effective to increase the father’s
part of parental leave. As a response to these concerns, Denmark decreased the number
32

of weeks assigned for fathers to two weeks in 2002 - while at the same time increasing
the number of shared weeks - and has not increased the father’s quota since. In 2019,
about 10% of the total available leave was used by fathers in Finland and Denmark,
compared to almost 30% in Iceland and Sweden, and 20% in Norway.
Compared to the other Nordic countries, Finland is still behind in reforming the
parental allowance to decrease the gender differences. According to Varjonen (2011),
there was already a political discussion about parental leaves in Finland in the 1970s,
even if it was very polarized. The leftist discourse emphasised the father’s role as a
caregiver to increase equality between women and men both at home and in the labour
market. However, conservatives stated that the mother is the principal caregiver and
demanded an extended maternity leave followed by a child home care allowance. In
comparison, in the 2000s, the main aims have been to distribute the costs of parental
leaves more equally between the mother and father and encourage the father to take
the leave. Even though conservatives and employers have argued for equality and
stronger fatherhood, implementing a father's quotas has not been suggested.
Conservatives see these quotas as a limitation on the parents’ freedom of choice.
Salmi and Närvi (2012) state that the discussions have continued over the previous
years. For instance, the government led by Prime Minister Matti Vanhanen explored
the possibilities for a more comprehensive reform of the parental leave system and
presented three different models for it in 2011, with different lengths on the parental
leave and quotas. However, the following government, led by Prime Minister Jyrki
Katainen, did not take a stand on this in the governmental programme but did intend
to prolong the paternal leave and allow the child to be cared for at home with parental
allowance for longer than at present. Consequently, in 2012, the link to taking the last
two weeks of parental leave with the mother's consent, which was a condition for
receiving the paternity month, was abolished. Therefore, the father could freely use
the former short paternity leave and the paternity month’s 54 days. Furthermore, the
possibility of using the paternity leave was prolonged until the child turns two, and the
leave was prolonged by the 12 days formerly connected to the paternal month.
In Finland, no quotas on parental leave have been established during the past few years,
even though continuously (and currently) discussed in the government. Arguments
33

about the family's freedom of choice and autonomy have limited and affected an equal
allowance distribution. Salmi and Närvi (2017) state that according to statistics, about
20% of fathers do not take any family leave in Finland. In an inquest made in 2013,
where Finnish mothers filled in the use of parental leave in the family, it showed that
in 2011, 15% of fathers did not take the short paternity leave at all, and 11% not any
paternal leave at all. However, this is slightly lower than the statistics, probably since
this survey only included the fathers entitled to the leave. Fathers most frequently use
the paternity leave, which is taken at the birth of a child and is up to three weeks.
However, only half of the fathers used their paternity month. Furthermore, only a few
fathers used their right to parental leave, with 90% of fathers not going on parental
leave at all.
According to Salmi and Närvi (2012), in 2011, fathers under 30 and spouses of loweducated mothers typically did not take their leave. The lower the income of the mother
before the birth of the child, the more often the father did not take time off. If the
mother was in the highest income quintile, 9% of the fathers did not take time off, but
if the mother was in the lowest quintile, 19% did not take time off. When studying the
combined incomes, 28% of fathers did not take time off in the lowest-income families
with a net income of under 2 500 euros per month, while the amount was only between
9 to 13% in the families with a higher income. Furthermore, the education of the father
also seemed to have an impact, since academically educated fathers working in the
public sector or as civil servants typically used at least some of the leaves. However,
the father's position as a supervisor was irrelevant for not taking paternity leave.
Furthermore, if the father was an entrepreneur or self-employed, he was much less
likely to take family leave, since 25% of self-employed fathers did not take any
paternal leave. However, the father’s self-employment was only statistically
significant if the family had a low income and if the mother had a job when the child
was born. When inquiring about the reasons for not taking parental leave, most
commonly, in 36% of the cases, the mothers estimated that the father's work situation
or the nature of the work prevented them from taking time off. Furthermore, in 28%
of the cases, the family's finances were the reason, and in 25%, the father’s work rush
prevented him from taking paternity leave. (Salmi & Närvi, 2012)

34

In conclusion, the father’s work situation, nature of work or work rush was most often
stated as the reason for fathers not taking paternity leave. Kangas (2020) states that
according to research, the Finnish labour market is still primarily characterised by a
traditionally masculine culture, where a complete dedication to work is highly valued,
especially among managers. According to Salmi and Närvi (2017), the paternal quota
on parental leave would signal to the fathers’ employers that the father can also stay
longer on parental leave and that it is acceptable in today’s labour market. Kauhanen
and Napari (2011a) also state that many industries or companies lack the norm of
fathers using their parental leave, making it difficult for the fathers to dare to express
their wish for it. In these cases, leaning on the parental leave quotas might be easier,
as seen as a well-founded reason for the father to take time off. A study conducted by
Mussino, Tervola and Duvander (2019) found that when comparing Finland and
Sweden, the countries’ policy system and attitudes of employers seemed to be more
strongly linked to the utilization of the fathers’ leave than factors related to social
norms of gendered behaviour. The authors state that this provides encouraging
evidence for other countries planning to incentivise fathers to increase the use of their
parental leave.
On another note, Goldin (2014) states that the solution to a gender convergent labour
market does not necessarily involve government intervention or reconstruction of the
division of responsibilities in the home, even though these might not be an adverse
action. She states that the leading solution for an equal labour market should be a
change in the structure of jobs and an enhancement of flexibility, since many firms
still reward employees who work long hours and particular times. According to her,
the gender wage gap could be considerably reduced or even vanished if such a
reconstruction of the labour market occurred. Many sectors have already changed in
this direction, for instance, technology, science, and health, whereas others such as
corporate, financial, and legal sectors still prefer the traditional approach. Kvande
(2009) also states that if a paternal leave is collectively granted and collectively taken,
the risks associated with taking it are anticipated to disappear. Thus, a father’s quota
would provide fathers with a justifiable parental leave and enable them to have a better
work-life balance, especially in occupations that require considerable flexibility and
quickly take over the family life and leisure.

35

3.3 Implementing the Mincer earnings function
The Mincer earnings function (presented in chapter 2.6) is a very commonly used
model when analysing the gender wage gap due to its simplicity. Hanushek et al.
(2013) implemented the model when conducting a study analysing labour-market
returns to human capital in 22 OECD countries. In other words, they analysed how
cognitive knowledge affects the salary you receive, i.e. how the different economies
value cognitive knowledge in the form of salary. They used data from the PIIAC
survey conducted in 2011–2012. They analysed this data both with the original Mincer
earnings function and their modifications on it, such as replacing years of school with
cognitive skills (see chapter 2.6). When analysing the gender wage gap, Hanushek et
al. found that human capital only explains a small portion of the wage gap, which
entails that the gender differences in different occupations and fields continue to be
significant.
Hanushek et al. (2013) showed that when using the Mincer earnings function, in
Finland, each year of schooling contributed to an increase in the logarithmic gross
hourly wage of 6.8%. In addition, when work experience increased by one unit, the
salary increased on average by 1.9%. For women, a dummy was set to show the gender
wage gap. The estimate showed that the salary decreased on average by 22.8% for
women. When replacing years of school with numeracy skills, the impact of the school
years decreased to 5.7%, while the impact of numeracy skills was 7.9%. The number
of school years and numeric skills seemed to have a strong connection, which is
explained by the fact that individuals with better cognitive skills tend to do better in
the education system. As numeracy skills had a relatively large effect on wage, the
impact of work experience decreased to 1.4%, and the variable for a woman decreased
to 20.5%. To reduce the error term in the above regressions, Hanushek et al. (2013)
included more variables, such as parental education, a dummy for immigrants, and a
dummy for full-time workers. One of their regressions analysed the logarithmic gross
hourly wage by using numeracy, work experience, a dummy for gender, a dummy for
parents with mediocre education, a dummy for parents with high education, a dummy
for immigrants, and a dummy for full-time workers. In Finland, this regression analysis
showed significant estimates for numeracy skills, work experience and if the parents
36

had a high level of education. Wages increased on average by 13.7% when numeracy
skills increased by one unit, by 1.6% when work experience increased by one unit, and
by 10.6% if the parents have a higher level of education. However, wages decreased
by 15.7% for women and by 3.5% for each unit of work experience squared. However,
the variables for parents' mediocre education, for immigrants and full-time jobs were
not significant. In addition, the explanatory power was only 25.8%, which entails that
a large part of the variation remained unexplained.

3.4 Implementing the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition
Researchers have also used the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition method (see chapter
2.6) to analyse the gender wage gap, since it allows a more complex decomposition
and breakdown of the gap. Oaxaca’s (1973) original research showed that when
implementing the decomposition method, the average logarithms of the hourly wages
- and the corresponding geometric mean wages - computed from their sample were
1.0806 ($2.95) for white males, 0.6499 ($1.92) for white females, 0.7721 ($2.16) for
black males, and 0.3732 ($1.45) for black females. The discrimination coefficient, or
unexplained residual (Daymont and Andrisani, 1984), were approximated by the
residual left after subtracting the effects of differences in individual characteristics
from the overall wage differential. When taking a simple average of the two estimates
obtained (female and male regressions weights), the results showed that discrimination
accounted for 58.4% of the logarithmic wage differential for white people and 55.6%
for black people. When calculating the effects of discrimination from the personal
characteristics wage regressions, the effects of discrimination was larger and
accounted for 77.7% of the logarithmic wage differential for white people and 93.6%
for black people.
According to Oaxaca (1973), gender differences in the distribution of part-time
employment and marital status significantly contributed to narrowing the wage
differential under both sets of regressions and for both races. Also, the estimated
experience coefficients under different sets of regressions implied that for the same
rate of return to on-the-job training, males initially invest more and for a more extended
37

period. However, if both genders invested the same initially, then the pattern of
differences in the coefficients implied that males earn a higher rate of return and invest
for a more extended period than females. In the case of white people, the effects of
childbearing also narrowed the differential. The coefficients on the children variable
indicated that each child lowered the white women’s wage by 2 or 3% but had a
negligible effect on the black female wage. These results might suggest that black
women do not stay out of the labour force as long as white women, which might be a
consequence of greater extended family arrangement in the black communities that
provided childcare. In addition, the jobs the black women typically had were lowerpaid jobs that did not suffer as much from lost experience or acquired skills, which
could also explain the results. Differences in the average years of school widened the
differential for the black people, since the black women completed on average almost
a year less than the black men. Furthermore, gender differences in the distributions by
class of worker, industry, and occupation significantly further narrowed the wage
differential, even though industry and occupation were represented by highly
aggregated categories.
More recent research using the BO-decomposition, and specifically analysing Finland,
was carried out by Vartiainen (2001). He applied the BO-decomposition on a 20%
sample from the Earnings Database of full-time employees from 1996-1998. The
Earnings Database covers almost the entire salaried workforce of the economy and is
produced and maintained by Statistics Finland. The results were presented both with
and without an occupational dummy variable and using both the male and female
parameter estimates as the reference structure. The study created multiple
decompositions, of which some exploited the entire sample, while others only
occupational subsets such as service sector, manufacturing, local government, and
central government. The decomposition of the entire sample showed that almost
nothing of the 21.5 overall differential points was explained by differences in
individual characteristics and employer size but, instead, by a non-allocatable
categorical variable. A decomposition that added an occupational and sector variable
generated the explained part of 10 percentage points. It showed that about half of the
gross wage differential could be accounted for by differences in endowments when
male coefficients were used. Furthermore, only age, industry, and occupation affected
the generation of the gender wage differential. However, the differential treatment
38

effect of children accounted for a few percentage points and, therefore, children led to
a slightly higher wage handicap for women.
Vartiainen (2001) also included a sector-specific occupational classification, which
was denser than the general occupational classification used when analysing the entire
workforce. Furthermore, the number of occupational classes varied from sector to
sector, which was reflected in the amount of the gender wage differential ascribed to
differential endowments. The sector for local and central government workers was
substantial, the sector for manufacturing wage earners and private service sector
workers was quite large, and the sector for manufacturing salaried workers was quite
small. In conclusion, the results showed that the gross wage differential was lowest
(about 20%) for manufacturing wage earners and local government workers, medium
(about 25%) for central government workers and private service sector workers, and
highest (about 30%) for the salaried manufacturing workers. However, the sectors with
the most segregated occupational categories had to be discarded, since reliable
statistical inference is not possible with only a few observations on gender, which
affected the results. The data showed that when analysing the manufacturing wage
earners, the wage differential dropped significantly after this exclusion, which shows
that high-earning men and low-earning women populated the most segregated
occupational categories. When analysing the local government workers, the effect was
opposite, which meant that the small and segregated occupational categories included
women with high earnings and men with low earnings.
In conclusion, the results showed that in the manufacturing sector, occupational
selection did not significantly affect wage differentiation. Instead, age played a major
role; the wage amongst the younger employees was relatively even, but a significant
wage gap was found amongst the older employees, with older men being paid way
more than older women. In comparison, the public sector looked completely different;
the results showed strong evidence of equal wage for equal work, since the remaining
unexplained differential was relatively low. However, results from the private sector
showed significant effects of both segregated selection into occupations and
differential age treatment, which showed signs of both wage and age discrimination.
In conclusion, very little of the gender differential could be explained by using

39

individual characteristics alone. The occupational categories seemed to be a far more
crucial factor.
In a more previous study conducted by Nyblom and Maczulskija (2020), the gender
wage gap in Finland was analysed by applying the BO-decomposition on a data sample
from 2010 from the Finnish Structure of Earnings Survey (SES). The Finnish Structure
of Earnings Survey (SES) included 385 897 (35% women and 65% men) full-time and
highly skilled white-collar workers between 18 and 64 employed by private business
sectors firms. The data described the employees’ hourly and monthly earnings and
employment relationships (full-time vs part-time) in all employment sectors. Using
interaction coefficients, instead of the usual percentage calculations using the detailed
decomposition method, they examined the relative importance of predictors on the
discriminatory wage gap. The interaction coefficients provide detailed quantitative
information on the discriminatory gender wage gap by different predictors, holding
other covariates constant. Furthermore, the relative contribution of different predictors
on the discriminatory wage gap was examined by the ratios of the interaction
coefficients.
Nyblom and Maczulskija’s (2020) results indicated that men earned 16% more than
females on average. When decomposing this gap into the explained and unexplained
part, they found that the explained gap was about 3%. This meant that if males were
paid the same rate as females, they should have 3% higher wages rather than 16%
higher wages, i.e. the unexplained gap is 13%. The 16% wage gap was partly explained
by gender segregation, since 11% of the men worked as managers but only 7% of the
women. Furthermore, 52% of the women did technical work, compared to 43% of the
men. This indicates that more demanding white-collar jobs are primarily occupied by
men, even though equal means in general human capital variables (education and
experience) were reported.
Moreover, wage gaps in managerial and professional jobs were 4.4% and 4.6%
narrower, respectively, than those in technical jobs. Nyblom and Maczulskija
speculated that this might indicate that women are more productive than men in the
more demanding jobs, which is supported by some previous studies (for instance,
Pekkarinen and Vartiainen, 2006). Furthermore, the wage gap was approximately
40

1.3% wider in manufacturing and 4% wider in services compared to the construction
industry, which they speculated could be related to globalisation. In addition,
differences in firm characteristics between women and men revealed that more women
were employed in low-paid service sector jobs than men. Men were also more likely
to be employed in larger and foreign-owned firms than women. Furthermore, the
results showed that women in the metropolitan area had a 2.5% narrower wage gap,
which was thought to be partially due to increased employment opportunities for
highly qualified women in cities. The research also showed that education and
experience had a moderate role in explaining the discriminatory male-female wage
gap, which is reasonable given that women in Finland are both highly educated and
firmly attached to the labour market. However, the minor contributions of human
capital variables may be explained by the fact that their analysis focuses on highly
skilled white-collar workers, so the variation in education and experience for this
group is initially relatively small.
When comparing their method to the traditional interpretations, Nyblom and
Maczulskija (2020) found that their method suggests that the family gap and
employment industry is the main reason for the discriminatory gender wage gap, while
the decomposition analysis pointed to work experience. Furthermore, the gap between
women and men with small children was 3.3% wider compared to those without
children. This supports previous research that implicated a family gap that
disadvantages women, the motherhood penalty. Consequently, their method suggested
that the wage gap might mainly be explained by being married, having small children,
and the employment industry, while experience had a modest role. In comparison, the
detailed BO-decomposition results suggested that experience significantly contributed
to the wage gap and that having small children only had a small role in explaining
gender inequality. The results indicated that women would need 10–11 years more
work experience to correspond to the wage difference between married and unmarried
couples or between the groups of having and not having small children. Earlier studies
have mainly used detailed BO-decomposition to assess the relative importance of
various predictors on the explained part of the wage gap. Still, Nyblom and
Maczulskija wanted to contribute by examining the importance of different predictors
using interaction coefficients, since their model provides detailed information on the
relative and economical importance of specific predictors on the wage gap.
41

4 Method and Data
4.1 Method
To comprehensively analyse the gender wage gap, several different empirical methods
will be used, taken from, and inspired by previous research. First, one of the more
straightforward methods used in the analysis is the Mincer earnings function, a singleequation model that explains wage income as a function based on schooling and
experience (Mincer, 1974). Second, a modification on the Mincer earnings function
according to Hanushek’s et al. (2013) model, which replaces school years with
cognitive skills, will be used. Third, a modification of the previous models, including
even more characteristics, such as children, age, and age squared, will be applied.
Finally, a Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition (Oaxaca, 1973; Blinder, 1973), which
decomposes mean differences in logarithmic wages based on linear regression models
in a counterfactual manner, will be conducted. The BO-decomposition enables the
inclusion of segregation, i.e. occupation, economic sector, and manager position, in
the analysis. As previously stated, women work part-time and fewer hours more often
than men. Therefore, to take this into account and illustrate this effect, both hourly and
monthly wage will be used. The functions that will be used are presented below.
The Mincers earnings function:
[1]

𝑙𝑛𝑊𝑖 = 𝛽0 + 𝛽1 𝑆𝑖 + 𝛽2 𝐸𝑖 + 𝛽3 𝐸𝑖2 + 𝛽4 𝐺𝑖 + 𝜀𝑖 ,

where the 𝑊𝑖 stands for the wage of individual 𝑖, 𝑆𝑖 for the number of school years, 𝐸𝑖
for the number of years of work experience, 𝐺𝑖 is a dummy variable for gender, and
the error term 𝜀𝑖 catches all other factors affecting the wage.
The Mincer earnings function, according to Hanushek et al. (2013) modification:
[2]

𝑙𝑛𝑊𝑖

= 𝛽0 + 𝛽1 𝐶𝑖 + 𝛽2 𝐸𝑖 + 𝛽3 𝐸𝑖2 + 𝛽4 𝐺𝑖 + 𝜀𝑖 ,

42

where the 𝑊𝑖 stands for the wage of individual 𝑖, 𝐶𝑖 for cognitive skills (numeracy), 𝐸𝑖
for the number of years of work experience, 𝐺𝑖 is a dummy variable for gender, and
the error term 𝜀𝑖 catches all other factors affecting the wage.
Furthermore, since previous research has shown that the effect of children, especially
for women, have significantly affected the wage, a variable for children is added to
functions [1] and [2]. Furthermore, two more estimations are executed where
experience is substituted for variables age and age squared, since age usually correlates
both with the size of the wage and having children.
[3]

𝑙𝑛𝑊𝑖 = 𝛽0 + 𝛽1 𝐶𝑖 + 𝛽2 𝐸𝑖 + 𝛽3 𝐸𝑖2 + 𝛽4 𝐺𝑖 + 𝛽5 𝐾𝑖 + 𝛽6 (𝐺𝑖 𝐾𝑖 ) + 𝜀𝑖 ,

[4]

𝑙𝑛𝑊𝑖 = 𝛽0 + 𝛽1 𝑆𝑖 + 𝛽2 𝐸𝑖 + 𝛽3 𝐸𝑖2 + 𝛽4 𝐺𝑖 + 𝛽5 𝐾𝑖 + 𝛽6 (𝐺𝑖 𝐾𝑖 ) + 𝜀𝑖 ,

[5]

𝑙𝑛𝑊𝑖 = 𝛽0 + 𝛽1 𝐶𝑖 + 𝛽2 𝐴𝑖 + 𝛽3 𝐴2𝑖 + 𝛽4 𝐺𝑖 + 𝛽5 𝐾𝑖 + 𝛽6 (𝐺𝑖 𝐾𝑖 ) + 𝜀𝑖 ,

[6]

𝑙𝑛𝑊𝑖 = 𝛽0 + 𝛽1 𝑆𝑖 + 𝛽2 𝐴𝑖 + 𝛽3 𝐴2𝑖 + 𝛽4 𝐺𝑖 + 𝛽5 𝐾𝑖 + 𝛽6 (𝐺𝑖 𝐾𝑖 ) + 𝜀𝑖 ,

where the 𝑊𝑖 stands for the wage of individual 𝑖, 𝐶𝑖 for cognitive skills, 𝐸𝑖 for the
number of years of work experience, 𝐺𝑖 for gender, 𝐾𝑖 for children, 𝐺𝑖 𝐾𝑖 for women
with children, 𝐴𝑖 for age, and the error term 𝜀𝑖 catches all other factors affecting the
wage.
The Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition will be used as presented in (Oaxaca, 1973). The
function that will be implemented is [12]. However, functions [7]-[11] are essential
for understanding the model and its components. If the female and male geometric
mean wages are denoted by 𝑊𝑀 and 𝑊𝐹 , we can decompose the log-differential of
geometric means as follows:
[7]

𝛥 = 𝑙𝑛(𝑊𝑀 /𝑊𝐹 ) = (𝑙𝑛(𝑊𝑀 ) − 𝑙𝑛𝑊0𝐹 ) + (𝑙𝑛(𝑊0𝐹 ) − 𝑙𝑛𝑊𝐹 ) ,

in which we denote by 𝑊0𝐹 a hypothetical distortion-free or discrimination-free mean
wage for women. Furthermore, we can summarise the variation in the female and male
wage cross-section samples by using the following commonplace statistical models:

43

[8]

𝑤𝑖,𝑚 = 𝑋 𝑖 𝛽 𝑀 + 𝜀𝑖 ,

[9]

𝑤𝑗,𝑓 = 𝑋𝑗 𝛽 𝐹 + 𝜀𝑖

,

in which 𝑤𝑖,𝑚 is the logarithmic wage of man i and 𝑤𝑗,𝑓 is the logarithmic wage of
woman j, 𝛽 𝑀 and 𝛽 𝑓 are the coefficients that determine the effect of characteristics on
the wage and the 𝑋 𝑖 and 𝑋𝑗 are the vectors of characteristics of man i and woman j.
Taking the arithmetic average of functions [8] and [9], the stochastic 𝜀𝑖 -terms drop
away. Designating arithmetic mean by an underlined variable, we have:
[10]

𝑤𝑚 = 𝑋 𝑀 𝛽 𝑀 ,

[11]

𝑤𝑓 = 𝑋 𝐹 𝛽 𝐹 ,

which indicate that mean wages are predicted by using mean characteristics. Since 𝑤
is the mean of the logarithm, it is the logarithm of the geometric mean 𝑊. Therefore,
we can then integrate functions [10] and [11] into [7] to obtain:
[12]

𝛥 = (𝑋 𝑀 − 𝑋 𝐹 )𝛽 𝑀 + 𝑋 𝐹 (𝛽 𝑀 − 𝛽 𝐹 ) .

Thus, the final function [12] contains the gross differential 𝛥, which will decompose
into the effect of differences in average characteristics (the first term) and the effect of
different treatment of characteristics (the second term). The first term is often
described as the explained residual, the residual containing the contribution of different
characteristics, and the second term as the unexplained residual, the residual
attributable to (but is not the same as) discrimination. Different variables can be added
to the decomposition to illustrate which factors contribute to the explained part of the
wage and if there are unexplained effects of these variables. The variables used in this
decomposition are children, numeracy or school years, experience and experience
squared or age and age squared, ISCO or ISCO skill, economic sector, and managing
employees. ISCO stands for International Standard Classification of Occupations1.

1

Classification of Occupations 2010 at all five hierarchical levels according to Statistics Finland can be
found at Luokitus: Classification of Occupations 2010

44

All methods will be implemented using the programme Stata/SE 14.2. The regressions
analysis will be computed with the simple reg command, with wage as the dependent
variable and the other variables as independent variables. The BO-decomposition will
be computed as a twofold detailed decomposition with a pooled weight using the
oaxaca command, introduced and described by Jann (2008). The twofold detailed
decomposition illustrates the results in two parts; the explained, which shows the mean
increase in women’s wages if they had the same characteristics as men, and the
unexplained, which quantifies the change in women’s wages when applying the men’s
coefficients to the women's characteristics (Jann, 2008). Using the detailed
command enables computation of the individual contributions of the predictors to the
components of the decomposition, i.e. it computes the effect of the individual
occupation groups, economic sector and employer size to a combined effect for that
variable. A disseminated computation is also included in the appendix, illustrating the
individual effects of these individual variable groups.

4.2 Data
The data used in this analysis is from the PIAAC-survey (Programme for the
International Assessment of Adult Competencies) from 2013, whose data were
collected in Finland during 2011-2012. In Finland, over 5 400 Finnish residents
between the ages of 16 and 65 participated, representing at least 95% of the target
group. The survey contains 1 328 different variables regarding work status, economic
sector, education, knowledge, gender and more, of which the most suitable for this
analysis were chosen. Only 3 265 of the participants had values on all variables
selected for this analysis. However, this should be enough to obtain significant and
reliable results and accurately reflect the current situation in Finland. Even though the
dataset is not entirely up to date, it is considerably newer and more comprehensive
than a lot of the data used in previous research. The data also contain variables such as
cognitive skills, work experience, and occupation variables, which cannot be found in
all datasets. The cognitive skill used in this analysis is numeracy, which is defined as
the ability to use, apply, interpret, and communicate mathematical information and
ideas. The variable is of value 0 to 500 and measures the probability that a person will
be able to solve numerical tasks of a certain degree of difficulty. (OECD, 2013)

45

Table 1: Overview of the variables used in the analysis. (Data: PIAAC, 2013)
Variable

Term

Explanation

Descriptive data

Age

A

Age in years

Men: mean= 41.03
Women: mean= 42.20

Children

K

A dummy variable for if one has
children. (1=yes, 0=no)

Men: yes= 1 012 (64%), no= 562
(36%)
Women: yes= 1 210 (72%), no=
481 (28%)

Economic
sector

economic
sector

Economic sector.
(1 = private sector, 2 = public sector, 3
= non-profit organisation - computed to
dummies)

Men: 1= 1 190 (76%), 2= 349
(22%), 3= 35 (2%)
Women: 1= 811 (48%) ,2= 824
(49%), 3= 56 (3%)

Experience

E

Years of paid work during lifetime.

Men: mean= 19.4
Women: mean= 18.4

Hourly wage
(natural
logarithm)

lnWagehour

The natural logarithm of hourly
earnings (including bonuses) for wage
and salary earners (derived).

Men: mean= 20.44€/ln= 2.91
Women: mean= 16.86€/ln= 2.75

ISCO skill

ISCO_skill

Occupational classification according
to occupation skill level.
(1=skilled occupations, 2=semi-skilled
white-collar occupations, 3=semiskilled blue-collar occupations,
4=elementary occupations)

Men: 1= 736 (47%), 2= 222
(14%), 3= 545 (35%), 4= 71 (5%)
Women: 1= 831 (49%), 2= 647
(38%), 3= 91 (5%), 4= 122 (7%)

ISCO

ISCO

Occupational classification on the onedigit level. (1=legislators, senior
officials, and managers (ISCO skill 1),
2= professionals and armed forces (IS
1), 3=technicians and associate
professions (IS 1), 4=clerks (IS 2),
5=service workers and shop and market
sales workers (IS 2), 6=skilled
agricultural or fishery workers (IS 3),
7=craft and related trades workers (IS
3), 8=plant and machine operators and
assemblers (IS 3), 9=elementary
occupations (IS 4))

Men: 1= 85 (5%), 2= 367 (23%),
3= 284 (18%), 4= 54 (3%), 5=
168 (11%), 6= 24 (2%), 7= 314
(20%), 8= 207 (13%), 9= 71 (5%)
Women: 1= 46 (3%), 2= 398
(24%), 3= 387 (23%), 4= 222
(13%), 5= 425 (25%), 6= 16
(1%), 7= 33 (2%), 8= 42 (3%), 9=
122 (7%)

Managing
employees

managing
employees

Dummy if managing employees.
(1= yes, 0=no)

Men: yes= 470 (30%),
no= 1 104 (70%)
Women=: yes= 311 (18%),
no=
1 380 (82%)

Monthly
wage (natural
logarithm)

lnWagemonth

The natural logarithm of monthly
earnings (including bonuses) for wage
and salary earners (derived).

Men: mean= 3381.63€/ln= 7.99
Women: mean= 2578.13€/ln=
7.70

Numeracy

N

Mean of 10 different Numeracy scale
scores with plausible value 1-10.

Men: mean= 299.41
Women: mean= 287.93

School years

S

The highest level of education obtained
imputed into years of education
(derived).

Men: mean= 12.85
Women: mean= 13.56

Woman

G

Dummy for gender.
(0=man, 1=woman)

Men: 1 574
Women: 1 691

46

5 Results and analysis
This chapter contains the results from the methods and functions presented and
explained in chapter 4.1. The results are analysed throughout this chapter, and the
following chapter 6 contains the discussions and main findings, as well as compares
them to previous research and theory.
As stated in the previous chapter, the gender wage gap is analysed through numerous
different regression analyses. First, the results from the Mincer earnings function and
its modifications are presented and analysed, followed by different computations of
the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition. Since all regressions use the natural logarithm of
the hourly or monthly wage, all results indicate the approximate percentual change in
the wage when the variable increases with one unit. The exact size of the change is
calculated with the formula 𝑒 𝑒𝑠𝑡𝑖𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑒 − 1 , which is why the estimates in the analysis
differ slightly from the tables causes. The differences between the original estimate
grow when the estimates are larger and are barely noticeable when they are smaller.
Table 2: OLS-regression - replicating Mincer earnings function (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

47

In Table 2, the replication and modification of the Mincers earnings function according
to functions [1] and [2] are illustrated both using hourly and monthly wages (including
bonuses). As shown, all estimates are significant at the 1% level, with p<0.01 for all
variables. The degree of explanation 𝑅 2 is highest for column (1) and (3), where
respectively 35.0% and 38.8% of the variations in the variables can explain variation
in the logarithmic wage. Even though the degree of explanation is not very high for
any of the estimates, the results still have statistically significant predictors, which
means that essential conclusions can be drawn about how changes in the predictor
values are associated with changes in the response value. For instance, in column (1),
every additional school year increases the wage on average by 6.7% and every
additional year of work experience by 2.6%. The variable for work experience squared
has a negative effect on the wage, which is in line with theory and previous research,
since the effect is thought to diminish over time. Furthermore, the wage decreases on
average by 22.0% for women compared to men, i.e. there is an apparent wage gap.
When looking at column (2), where the variable for school years have been replaced
with a variable for numeracy, i.e. cognitive skills, 𝑅 2 is slightly lower, but the results
are still highly significant. However, the negative effect of the variable for women has
substantially decreased, with an 11.9% decrease on average.
In comparison, when replacing the natural logarithm of the hourly wage with monthly
wage, the results shift substantially. In column (3) of Table 2, the degree of explanation
is at its highest, and the effect of school years and experience have increased to 8.9%
and 6.3%, respectively. In addition, the wage gap between women and men has
increased to 40.2%. While in column (4), the effect of numeracy has shrunk to 0.4%,
but experience and the wage gap has increased to 7.5% and 26.5%, respectively. The
degree of explanation has increased compared to the computation with hourly wage
but is lower than in column (3). This considerable increase in the wage gap when
comparing hourly and monthly wages (including bonuses) illustrates what was already
established in previous chapters. Women tend to work fewer hours than men and more
often part time. In addition, since individuals with higher levels of schooling or
cognitive skills tend to work more, the return to education and numeracy is also greater
when using monthly earnings than hourly earnings.

48

Table 3: OLS-regression - the effect of children on wage (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

In Table 3, functions [3] and [4] are also illustrated using both hourly and monthly
wages. As shown, most of the results are significant at the 1% level; however, some
estimates are only significant at the 5% or 10% level, and the estimate for women with
children in column (3) and (4) is not significant at all. As expected, experience
positively affects wage, while its square has a negative effect, but the effects are
slightly smaller than in Table 2. In line with previous research, the effect of having
children is strongly positive for men but barely positive for women in all four
estimates. The difference is largest in column (2), where the hourly wage on average
increases by 13.8% for men when having children (the variable for children), but only
by 3.3% for women (the difference between children and woman&children). The
variable for women still has a negative effect, however, it substantially decreased,
showing that childless women experience a 5.5% wage gap. However, the degree of
explanation is higher in column (1), where men’s wages on average increase by 10.0%
when having children but women’s only with 0.4%. In addition, childless women’s
wage is 15.1% lower on average.

49

When analysing column (3) and (4) of Table 3, almost all effects have again increased
when using monthly wage instead of hourly wage. The most significant difference was
the effect for (childless) women, with a 38.5% wage gap when using school years and
24.5% when using numeracy. The effect of children was highly significant and larger
compared to when using hourly wage, but the effect for women with children was not
significant. However, multicollinearity could occur, and the effect could be embedded
in the variable for experience, since women with children tend to have a lower
experience. Therefore, since the effect of experience is larger than before, it favours
men more, which might capture the effect of having children for women. Using age
instead of experience might better illustrate the motherhood penalty, since older
women are more likely to have children but usually fall behind in work experience
because of them. Furthermore, most datasets do not contain any information about
work experience, which leads to most researchers using age or an estimation derived
from it instead. Therefore, since both age and experience were included in this dataset,
it creates a unique opportunity to analyse the difference between the results with
respective variables, contributing to previous research. Since age and experience
strongly correlate, both variables cannot be included in the same regression.
Table 4: OLS-regression - the effect of children on wage (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

50

In Table 4, functions [5] and [6] are illustrated. Experience is replaced with age, and
the functions are again computed with both hourly and monthly wage. As shown, most
of the results are significant at the 1% level, only a few at the 5% level. The degree of
explanation 𝑅 2 has again slightly increased in most columns compared to the previous
regression. When analysing column (1) and (2), which uses hourly wage, the effect of
being a woman with children has an effect of -1.7% and -1.9% respectively, while the
effect of being a man with children is 10.3% and 10.8%, and childless woman -14.3%
and -5.1%. However, when analysing column (3) and (4), which uses monthly wage,
the effect of being a woman with children has decreased to -0.2% and -0.9%
respectively. In addition, the effect of being a man with children has decreased to 7.7%
and 8.0%, but the effect of childless women increased to -35.0% and -22.8%.
Compared to Table 3, the variable for women with children is now significant and
negative in all columns, which shows a sign of the motherhood penalty.
The differences between the variables age and experience are illustrated in Graph 1
below. As seen, women fall behind men in work experience already at the beginning
of their career and never catch up. On the contrary, the difference grows and becomes
larger over time. As stated earlier in the thesis, the effect of having children and the
loss of work experience it causes seems to be one of the largest reasons for the gender
wage gap, which these results support.
Graph 1: Gender differences in the development of experience. Data: PIAAC (2013)

51

When analysing the results in the previous tables, it is apparent that the variable for
school years is slightly more reliable than the variable for numeracy, since the degree
of explanation is higher in almost all regressions. Therefore, the following BOdecompositions will only use school years as a representation of knowledge and
education. Hanushek et al. (2011) stated that in contrast to the number of school years,
the proportion of the salary due to cognitive skills is assumed to be smaller at the
beginning of the career than later. Therefore, ideally, people closer to middle age at
the peak of their careers should be analysed. Since this dataset contains individuals
from ages 16 to 64, this most likely affects the degree of explanation. Therefore, school
years is most likely a more suitable variable for this research, and therefore it was
mainly used in the following regressions. In addition, since monthly wages (including
bonuses) are a better representation of reality, i.e. the income women and men have,
the following results will only feature monthly wages. However, the underlying
reasons for the huge difference in hourly and monthly wages are not to be neglected.
Table 5: BO-decomposition using experience and ISCO_skill (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

52

Table (5) contains the BO-decomposition according to function [12], using variables
for the natural logarithm of monthly wages, children, school years, experience,
experience squared, ISCO skill, economic sector, and managing employees. As
mentioned in the previous chapter, the explained part of the BO-decomposition
illustrates the mean increase in women’s wages if they had the same characteristics as
men. The unexplained, however, quantify the change in women’s wages when
applying the men’s coefficients to the women's characteristics. The column P>∣z∣
illustrates the significance of the results. If the estimate in the column is <0.01, the
significance is 1%, if <0.05, the significance is 5% and <0.1, the significance is 10%,
otherwise insignificant. As it can be seen, all estimates are significant on some level
in the explained section, but only a few in the unexplained.
In the overall section, difference shows that women (group 2) have a 33.1%
lower mean wage, of which differences in characteristics explain 7.3%, but 24.0%
remains unexplained. When analysing the explained section, the negative effect of
children shows that slightly more women have children. Furthermore, women are
also more educated, since when applying the men’s mean school years, the wage
would decrease by 4.9%. However, the positive effects of experience show that
men have more experience, i.e. if women have the same amount of experience, the
wage would increase by 4.8%. Furthermore, differences in ISCO_skill groups
(occupation) explain 6.1% of the gap, the economic

sector 3.7%, and

managing employees 2.2%. In other words, these variables contribute to the
explanation of the gender wage gap such that in total, about 12% of the gender wage
gap can be explained with women and men having different occupations and work in
different sectors, as well as women having fewer management positions.
Furthermore, when analysing the unexplained section, only the effect of school years
and the constant are significant. The effect of school years shows the overall decrease
of 52.9% in female wages if we apply the male coefficients (school years) to the
females’ characteristics (returns). In other words, women obtain less return per school
year than men. However, the effects of ISCO_skill, economic sector and
managing employees only shows the combined effect of all sub-groups, and the
first sub-group of each variable in the reference group, i.e. the variable. The individual
53

effects of their groups are shown in Appendix 1. It is illustrated that the effects of
ISCO_skill_2 (semi-skilled white-collar occupations) and ISCO_skill_3
(semi-skilled blue-collar occupations) are significant. Interpreting these are slightly
different, since it shows a mean increase or decrease in women's wages if we applied
the male coefficients to the female endowments of being a member of a group1+1,
over the omitted base category group1. Since these are negative, ISCO_skill3
-4.7% and ISCO_skill3 -3.7%, women obtain lower returns for their endowments
in these groups, which leads to unjust lower wages. Furthermore, a similar effect can
be found for the economic sector2 (the private sector), since the effect is a 4.6%
decrease in women’s wages in this sector.

Table 6: BO-decomposition using age and ISCO_skill (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

54

In Table 6, experience is again replaced by age. The size of the wage gap has remained
the same, but now 6.6% of the gap is explained and 24.9% unexplained. As illustrated,
all effects but children are significant in the explained section, and both
children and school

years

in the unexplained section. The most

considerable difference compared to the explained section in Table 5 is the effect
of age. The estimate illustrates that if women were the same age as men, their overall
decrease in wages would be 13.3%. In other words, men have a higher wage than
women at any given age. This is also explained by Graph 1, where it is illustrated that
men have a higher work experience in general, which contributes to the wage
positively. The combined effect of the segregation variables is 12.2%, which is almost
the same as in the previous table. Furthermore, as stated, the effect of children in
the unexplained section is now significant, showing the 6.2% increase in wages if
women would obtain the same return for having children. However, the unexplained
effect of school years has shrunk to 32.1% but is still considerable. Likewise,
significant effects can be found for the disseminated groups ISCO_skill_2 (4.1%), ISCO_skill_3 (-3.1%), and economic sector2 (-4.6%) (see
Appendix 2), which are approximately the same as in Table 5.
In Table 7 and Table 8, ISCO_skill is replaced by the variable ISCO, which
instead of dividing the occupations into four skill groupings, divides them into nine
different occupation groups. The results are very similar to the previous two tables,
with only minor differences. In Table 7, the wage difference in the overall section has
remained the same, but the explained part has increased from 7.3% (in Table 5) to
8.8%. Consequently, the unexplained part has decreased from 24% to 22.2%. This
is caused by a decrease in the wage penalties for children and school years, which has
shrunk to 0.6% and 4%, respectively. Furthermore, the effect of ISCO is larger than
ISCO_skill, with 7.1% of the explained gap being explained by differences in
occupation groups, compared to the previous 6.1%. In addition, the effects of the
economic sector and managing employees have slightly decreased, but
not noticeably. As previously, the only significant variable in the unexplained section
is school years, which has now decreased from 52.9% to 43.1%.

55

Table 7: BO-decomposition using experience and ISCO (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

Furthermore, in Appendix 3, a significance on the 10% level can be found for ISCO_7
(craft and related trades workers) and ISCO_8 (plant and machine operators and
assemblers). For ISCO_7, the effect is a 1.7% decrease in wages for women, and for
ISCO_8, the decrease is 1.3%. Like the previous tables, a negative effect can also be
found for the economic sector2, the private sector, with a 3.5% decrease in
wages for women due to differences in return in this sector.
When comparing Table 8 to Table 6 (which also used age), the effects are very similar
to when comparing Table 5 and Table 7 (which both used experience). The explained
part of the gap has increased from 6.6% (in Table 6) to 8.1%, and the unexplained
decreased from 24.9% to 23.0%. Furthermore, there are no considerable changes in
other explained sections estimates but ISCO, increasing from 5.5% to 6.6%. In the
56

unexplained section, the effect of children has stayed approximately the same, but the
school years variable has changed from -32.1% to -24.6%. In addition, the
variable ISCO is now significant, which would entail that when applying the male
coefficients to the women’s returns, women’s wages would increase by 3.3%.
When analysing Appendix 4 and the disseminated variables in the unexplained section,
ISCO_6 and private sector2 are significant. ISCO_6 contains skilled
agricultural or fishery workers, and the results show that women experience a 0.4%
wage decrease in this group. Furthermore, recurrently a negative effect is found for the
economic sector2, the private sector, with a 3.5% decrease in women’s wages
in the sector.

Table 8: BO-decomposition using age and ISCO (Data: PIAAC, 2013)

57

6 Discussion
The results presented in the previous chapter are well in line with theory and previous
research, while also contributing to it. To enable an understanding of the multiple
layers of the gender wage gap and thorough analysis, several different empirical
methods were used. Some of the models were simpler, and others more detailed and
complex. The models have their strengths and weaknesses, and by using all and
comparing them, the results could be considered more reliable and valid. When
implementing the Mincer earnings function, the gender wage gap was 22% when using
hourly wages (including bonuses) and 40.2% when using monthly wages (including
bonuses). When replacing school years with numeracy (according to Hanushek et al.,
2013), the gap shrunk to 11.9% and 26.5%, respectively. In the Blinder-Oaxaca
decomposition, which used the variables school years, monthly wage, experience,
segregation, and children, the wage gap was 33.1%, of which 7.3% was explained and
24.0% unexplained when using the occupational variable ISCO_skill, and 8.8% and
22.2% when using ISCO. When replacing experience with age, the wage gap remained
the same size, but the explained part decreased to 6.6%, and the unexplained increased
to 24.9% when using ISCO_skill, and 8.1% and 23.0% when using ISCO.
When comparing the results from the implementation of the Mincer earnings function
and its modifications with previous research, they seem to show very similar effects
even though the results slightly differ due to different datasets and differences in
variable definition and inclusion. Unique for the data used in this research were the
presence of variables for cognitive skills, which enabled a comparison between school
years and cognitive skills (numeracy), since the reliability of using school years has
been criticised. The results with both variables were very similar, but the degree of
explanation was higher when using school years. Therefore, school years was assumed
a more suitable variable for this research and, therefore, it was mainly used in the
following regressions.
As expected, human capital variables, i.e. education, cognitive skills, and experience,
strongly affects the wage, and rightfully so. However, the model illustrated a
significant wage gap for women, which human capital differences could not explain.
58

Furthermore, when decomposing the wage gap using the Blinder-Oaxaca
decomposition, results indicate that women are more educated but obtain significantly
less return for education than men. As stated previously, according to THL (2020),
Finnish women are more educated than Finnish men but have lower average earnings
than men at all levels of education, which these results support.
In addition, since both age and experience were included in the PIIAC dataset used, it
created a unique opportunity to analyse the difference between the results with
respective variables. The results showed that when using experience, the effect of
children was significantly smaller than when using age. Therefore, using age instead
of experience might better illustrate the motherhood penalty, i.e. effect of having
children, since older women are more likely to have children but usually fall behind in
work experience because of them. Many previous researchers (for instance, Oaxaca,
1973) have used a proxy for experience based on age, which, according to these results,
might have misleading results. In addition, Nyblom and Maczulskija’s (2020)
decomposition analysis also pointed to work experience as the main reason for the
discriminatory gender wage gap, but having small children only had a small role in
explaining gender inequality.
Based on theory and previous research establishing the considerable effect parenthood
has on the wage, variables for having children were added to the functions. The results
illustrated that having children has a negative or indifferent effect on women’s wage
but a positive on men’s wages. In other words, this entails that men with children have
a higher income than those without children and women with children have a similar
or lower income than those without children. In comparison, Vartiainen's (2001)
decomposition illustrated that the differential treatment effect of children showed
children lead to a higher wage handicap for women. The fact that the effect is negative
for women can be considered self-evident, as women often stay longer on family leave
than men and, thus, their work experience is shorter. In addition, their knowledge may
become obsolete in their absence from the labour force. However, the effect being
positive for men could be explained by the fact that when a family has children, and
the mother stays at home, the father must work harder to support his family. These
claims are further supported by the results illustrating the difference with using hourly
and monthly wage, which show that women tend to work fewer hours than men and
59

more often part time. In addition, the fathers could enjoy more flexibility in their work,
enabling longer working days and travels, if the mother takes larger childcare and
household responsibilities.
Furthermore, as previously stated, Napari (2008b) claims that women have weaker
labour market attachment, which leads to them cumulating less labour market
experience than men. A solution to this was presented by Goldin (2014), who
suggested a change in the structure of jobs and an enhancement of flexibility, since
many firms still reward employees who work long hours and particular times. As
shown by the current corona pandemic, flexibility and distance work is, in fact,
possible in many occupations. By maintaining the same flexibility in the future, more
working mothers could juggle childcare while staying and progressing in the labour
market. Furthermore, as stated in the previous chapters, mothers are more prone to stay
home longer with the current child leave system in Finland. Therefore, researchers
suggest that the structure of family leave should be developed to encourage fathers to
participate more strongly in childcare, for instance, by introducing a father’s quota on
parental leave. As previously mentioned, the proposition of such a transformation is,
in fact, proposed in the Finnish government’s programme (valtioneuvosto.fi, 2019).
Since neither the variables for human capital nor children could explain all gender
differences in wages, segregation variables were added to the equation. To enable this,
the Mincer earnings function was substituted for the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition
method. The results contained some significant explanations for the gender differences
in the labour market. A few different decompositions were conducted with different
variables, of which all showed that 12 to 13% of the explained wage gap could be
explained by differences in segregation variables between women and men, i.e.
differences in occupations, economic sectors, and management positions. The BOdecomposition also illustrates the unexplained part of the wage gap, enabling an
analysis of possibly discriminatory or unjustifiable effects. Significant effects were
found for some of the occupational groups and economic sectors, however, most
estimates in the unexplained part were not, in fact, significant. In conclusion, the
results found unexplainable wage differences in both semi-skilled white-collar
occupations and semi-skilled blue-collar occupations, indicating that women obtain
lower returns for their endowments in these occupation groups. When further dividing
60

the occupational groups, similar effects were found for craft and related trades workers
and plant and machine operators and assemblers, which both belong to the semi-skilled
blue-collar occupations grouping. In comparison, Vartiainen (2001) used a different
division for occupations, using a five-group industry division. The highest gross wage
differential in his research was found for the salaried manufacturing workers, which
these occupation groups could be considered (at least partly) belonging to. In addition,
Nyblom and Maczulskija’s (2020) research also showed a 1.3% wider wage gap in the
manufacturing industry. These occupations and industries belong to the commonly
male-dominated occupations or industries, which was also the case in this dataset.
Furthermore, in all decompositions, significant effects were found for the private
sector, indicating that women obtain lower wages than men in this sector. This is in
line with Vartiainen’s (2001) results, which showed strong evidence of equal wage for
equal work in the public sector but signs of both wage and age discrimination in the
private sector. There are numerous differences between working in the public and
private sector, but one that is highly relevant to wages is the openness and transparency
of both the hiring process and wages themselves. In Finland, the salary data of the
public administration (state, municipality, region) are public. However, in the private
sector, the situation is different, since the basic principle is the salary secrecy of the
individual employee (Finlex.fi, 30.3.2007/334).
Pay transparency would enable employees to know what affects the wage and how
they can affect it. It also obstructs discrimination, since significant differences between
women’s and men’s wages would raise suspicion and indicate wage discrimination,
which is illegal. The dilemma with discrimination is that it is difficult to analyse, since
it is difficult to measure or even detect. However, by having a clear and open
remuneration system that shows the wages at different positions, levels, and
responsibilities, wage discrimination becomes difficult. The current Finnish
government has, in fact, included a section on pay transparency in the current
government programme, aiming to include it in the legislation. The government
programme states that the elimination of unjustified pay disparities and pay
discrimination will be promoted through statutory measures to improve pay
transparency. In addition, the Act on Equality between women and men would be
amended to incorporate rights and meaningful opportunities for staff, staff
61

representatives and individual employees to access pay information and address pay
discrimination more effectively. (valtioneuvosto.fi) The European Commission has
already worked towards pay transparency for numerous years. Their proposal sets out
pay transparency measures, such as salary information for job seekers, a right to know
the pay levels for workers doing the same work, and gender pay gap reporting
obligations for big companies. (ec.europa.eu, 2021) In conclusion, pay transparency is
included in proposals and programmes set both by national decision-makers as well as
in international institutions. However, this does not automatically entail that pay
transparency will be taken into legislation. The pay transparency proposals have had
some resistance and disapproval, especially from employers, but also some employees.
In addition, continuous investment in equal education, as well as job careers and
opportunities, will ameliorate the wage gap. By tackling norms and pre-market
discrimination, which entail certain educations and interests as more suitable for one
of the genders, an equal labour market can be achieved. Nonetheless, included in the
Finnish government’s programme is the statement that regional, socio-economic and
gender disparities and the correlation between parental education and the performance
of children have all become more noticeable in learning and educational achievement.
Furthermore, gender segregation of education and work have also been marked, with
the government stating that education and training will enhance gender equality and
non-discrimination in society. (valtioneuvosto.fi, 2019)
Lastly, the shortcomings and flaws of this research are also worth mentioning. Due to
the cross-sectional data, some aspects of the wage gap could not be considered in this
thesis, such as the effect of job mobility, promotions, marriage, and family leave. Also,
even though the PIAAC dataset is excellent due to its range and detailed variable, the
size of the dataset is still limited, which affects the significance and reliability. In
addition, since discrimination is so difficult to measure and detect, only indirect signs
of discrimination in the results can be found in the unexplained part of the wage gap.
Therefore, consecutive and comprehensive data, as well as continuous research about
this subject, are needed to consider all aspects of the gender wage gap fully. However,
this thesis has taken rather many aspects into account, and those factors that were not
could be considered included in the unexplained part of the gap or the residual of the
degree of explanation.
62

7 Conclusion
This thesis aimed to empirically examine the gender wage gap in Finland by
decomposing and analysing it to see what affects it and what the underlying reasons
for its existence are. Based on theory and previous research, special focus was put on
factors such as human capital, children, and family leave, as well as segregation and
discrimination in the labour market. The data were deducted from OECD’s PIAAC
dataset, collected in 2011-2012.
The methods used were be based on the Mincer earnings function (Mincer, 1974) and
the Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition (Oaxaca 1973; Blinder 1973). Depending on which
method and variables were used, the gender wage gap was at its lowest 11.9% and at
its highest 40.2%. The results indicated an unexplainable part of the wage gap is
relentless, even after decomposing it and including variables considered to affect
wages, such as education, experience, age, children, occupation, economic sector, and
management positions. By decomposing the gap using the BO-decomposition method,
some discriminatory signs were found in the effects of children, education, and some
of the occupational and economic sector variables. This indicates that some forms of
discrimination or social norms are rooted in the labour market.
In conclusion, this thesis has thoroughly analysed the gender wage gap and some of
the most fundamental factors contributing to and affecting it. It has also illustrated how
Finland seems to differ or lag behind the other Nordic countries, which all have
significantly lower gender wage gaps. Furthermore, it has brought up which current
campaigns and proposals are underway, aiming to reduce the gap and achieve a
gender-equal labour market and society. However, as stated in the introduction, it is a
fine line for the government to ensure that all citizens have the same opportunities and
are not disfavoured due to personal characteristics, but still ensure that every
individual’s right to decide over their own life is not endangered. The society and
labour market have, in many aspects, changed a lot in the past 50 years. However,
social norms and ingrained mindsets usually change slowly, if at all, but research and
legislation can, through its message, influence values and thereby also ingrained
patterns of action.
63

Summary in Swedish - svensk sammanfattning
Könsskillnader på den finska arbetsmarknaden - en dekomponering av
lönegapet mellan könen i Finland
Syftet med denna avhandling är att belysa den oroväckande stora löneskillnaden
mellan kvinnor och män i Finland samt att analysera och nedbryta den för att försöka
hitta de bakomliggande orsakerna. Särskilt fokus läggs på familjeledigheter och
effekten av barn, segregering och diskriminering på arbetsmarknaden samt kvinnors
och mäns olika utgångslägen då de kommer ut på arbetsmarknaden. Finland har ett
oroväckande högt lönegap, högre än de andra nordiska länderna och Europeiska
unionens medeltal, vilket gör forskningen av den finska arbetsmarknaden mycket
relevant. Om det finns skäl att tro att någon form av diskriminering är rotad på
arbetsmarknaden är det viktigt att notera detta och vidta lämpliga åtgärder. Däremot,
om segregeringen och löneskillnaderna endast orsakas av individuella val och
preferenser, är det svårare att ingripa. Det är svårt för beslutsfattarna att se till att alla
medborgare har samma möjligheter och inte missgynnas på grund av personliga
egenskaper, samtidigt som de ska se till att medborgarnas rätt att bestämma över sitt
eget liv inte äventyras. För att kunna vidta lämpliga åtgärder måste man dock först
känna till och förstå frågan samt dess rötter och orsaker, vilket är syftet med denna
avhandling.
Avhandlingen presenterar genomgående definitionen, fastställandet och analysen av
löner samt segregering, diskriminering och moderskapsstraffet på arbetsmarknaden.
Dessutom presenteras deskriptiv statistik och resultat från tidigare studier, som sedan
jämförs med avhandlingens resultat. För att analysera lönegapet mellan könen
noggrant används flera olika empiriska metoder, tagna ur och inspirerade av tidigare
forskning. Metoderna som används baseras på Mincers löneekvation (Mincer, 1974)
och Blinder - Oaxaca-dekomponeringen (Blinder 1973; Oaxaca 1973). Data som
används för att genomföra dessa är från PIAAC-undersökningen av OECD, som
insamlades 2011–2012 i Finland. Beroende på vilka variabler som användes var
lönegapet mellan könen som lägst 11,9% och som högst 40,2%. Vid implementeringen
av Mincers löneekvation var lönegapet 22% då timlön (inklusive bonusar) användes
64

och 40,2% då månadslön (inklusive bonusar) användes. När skolår ersattes med
räknefärdigheter (enligt Hanushek m.fl., 2013) krympte lönegapet till 11,9%
respektive 26,5%. I Blinder – Oaxaca-dekomponeringen, med skolår, månadslön,
erfarenhet, segregering och barn, var löneskillnaden 33,1%, varav 7,3%/8.8% kunde
förklaras och 24,0%/22.2% var oförklarat. När man ersatte erfarenhet med ålder
förblev löneskillnaden densamma, men den förklarade delen minskade till 6,6/8.1%
och det oförklarliga ökade till 24,9%/23.0%.
Resultaten från denna avhandling överensstämmer väl med teori och tidigare forskning
samt utgör ett bidrag till dem. Unikt för data som användes i avhandlingen var
förekomsten av variabler för kognitiva färdigheter, vilket möjliggör en jämförelse
mellan skolår och kognitiva färdigheter (räknefärdigheter). Tillförlitligheten med att
använda skolår har kritiserats av en del forskare, vilket gör jämförelsen relevant.
Resultaten från båda variablerna var mycket lika, men förklaringsgraden var högre då
skolår användes. Således antogs skolår vara en mer lämplig variabel för denna
forskning och användes huvudsakligen i följande regressioner.
Som förväntat påverkar variabler för humankapital, det vill säga utbildning, kognitiva
färdigheter och erfarenhet, starkt lönen. Resultaten illustrerade emellertid ett
betydande lönegap för kvinnor, vilket inte kunde förklaras av skillnader i
humankapital. Dessutom, då löneskillnaden uppdelades med hjälp av Blinder –
Oaxaca-dekomponeringen, tyder resultaten på att kvinnor är mer utbildade än män,
men får betydligt mindre avkastning för utbildningen. Eftersom teori och tidigare
forskning betonat den betydande effekten som föräldraskap har på lönen, tillsattes även
variabler för barn till funktionerna. Resultaten illustrerade att män med barn har en
högre inkomst än de som inte har barn och kvinnor med barn har en lägre inkomst än
de som inte har barn. Det faktum att effekten på lönen är negativ för kvinnor kan
betraktas som självklar, eftersom kvinnor ofta utnyttjar familjeledigheter mer än män.
Därmed blir deras arbetserfarenhet kortare och deras kunskap eventuellt föråldras då
de är utanför arbetslivet. Att effekten är positiv för män kan eventuellt förklaras av att
när familjer har barn och modern stannar hemma, blir fadern tvungen att arbeta mer
för att kunna försörja sin familj. Dessa påståenden stöds ytterligare av resultaten,
eftersom de visar väldigt olika estimat då man använder tim- och månadslön, då
kvinnor tenderar att arbeta färre timmar än män och oftare deltid.
65

Eftersom både ålder och erfarenhet inkluderades i PIIAC-datasetet som användes,
skapades dessutom en unik möjlighet att analysera skillnaden mellan resultaten med
respektive variabler. Resultaten visade nämligen att vid användning av erfarenhet var
effekten av barn märkbart mindre än vid användning av ålder. Således kan användning
av ålder i stället för erfarenhet illustrera moderskapsstraffet (eng. the motherhood
penalty) bättre, det vill säga effekten av att ha barn. Äldre kvinnor är mer benägna att
ha barn, men blir oftast efter i arbetslivserfarenhet på grund av dem. Många tidigare
forskare (till exempel Oaxaca, 1973) har använt en proxyvariabel för erfarenhet baserat
på ålder, vilket enligt dessa resultat kan ge vilseledande resultat. Resultaten illustrerade
också att kvinnor verkar bli efter män i arbetslivserfarenhet redan i början av sin karriär
och kommer aldrig ikapp, tvärtom verkar skillnaden växa med tiden.
Eftersom varken variablerna för humankapital eller barn kunde förklara alla
könsskillnader i löner, lades också segregeringsvariabler till ekvationen. För att
möjliggöra detta ersattes Mincers löneekvation med Blinder

– Oaxaca-

dekomponeringen. Resultaten gav flera betydande förklaringar för könsskillnaderna
på arbetsmarknaden. Segregeringen på arbetsmarknaden inkluderades genom att
tillägga variabler för yrke, ekonomisk sektor och ifall man hade en förmansposition.
Alla dekomponeringar visade att 12–13% av den förklarade löneklyftan kunde
förklaras av skillnader i segregeringsvariabler mellan kvinnor och män. Däremot
kvarstod en betydande oförklarad del av löneskillnaden. Eftersom Blinder – Oaxacadekomponeringen också illustrerar den oförklarade delen av lönegapet fanns en del
orsaker där. Den oförklarade delen av lönegapet visade att några yrkesgrupper och
ekonomiska sektorer hade signifikanta effekter, men tyvärr var de flesta estimaten i
den oförklarade delen inte signifikanta. Sammanfattningsvis visade resultaten
oförklarliga löneskillnader i yrkesgrupperna lägre tjänstemän (eng. semi-skilled white
collar occupations) och lägre arbetare (eng. semi-skilled blue-collar occupations),
vilket tyder på att kvinnor får lägre avkastning för sina kunskaper i dessa yrkesgrupper.
Vid en noggrannare uppdelning av yrkesgrupperna hittades liknande tecken för
byggnads-, reparations- och tillverkningsarbetare samt process- och transportarbetare,
som båda hör till yrkesgruppen lägre kroppsarbetare. Det fanns även signifikanta
effekter i alla dekomponeringar för den privata sektorn, vilket tyder på att kvinnor får
lägre lön på den privata sektorn än män.
66

References
Albrecht, J., Björklund, A., & Vroman, S. (2003) Is There a Glass Ceiling in Sweden?.
Journal of Labor Economics, Vol. 21, (1), pp. 145-177.
Arrow, K. (1973) The theory of discrimination. In: Ashenfelter, O. & Rees, A. (Eds.),
Discrimination in Labor Markets, Princeton: US.
Asplund, R. & Napari, S. (2011) Intangibles and the Gender Wage Gap: An Analysis
of the Gender Wage Gaps Across Occupations in the Finnish Private Sector. Journal
of Labor Research, Vol.32 (4), pp.305-325.
Becker, G. (1985) Human Capital, Effort, and the Sexual Division of Labor. Journal
of Labor Economics, Vol. 3 (1), pp.33–58.
Becker, G (1991) A Treatise on the Family. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, MA
Bertrand, M., Chugh, D. & Mullainathan, S. (2005) Implicit Discrimination. American
Economic Review, vol 95 (2), pp. 94-98.
Björklund, A., Edin, P-A., Fredriksson, P., Holmlund, B. & Wadensjö, E. (2013)
Arbetsmarknaden. Studentlitteratur AB, Lund: Sweden.
Blau, F. & Kahn, L. (2016) The Gender Wage Gap: Extent, Trends, and Explanations.
Journal of Economic Literature, Vol. 55 (3), pp. 789-865.
Blinder, A. (1973) Wage Discrimination Reduced Form and Structural Estimates.
Journal of Human Resources, Vol. 8 (4), pp. 436-455.
Cederström, C. (2019) State of Nordic Fathers. Nordic Council of Ministers,
Copenhagen: Denmark.

67

Daymont, T. & Andrisani, P. (1984) Job Preferences, College Major, and the Gender
Gap in Earnings. Journal of Human Resources, Vol. 19 (3), pp. 408-428.
DeLeire, T. & Levy, H. (2004) Worker Sorting and the Risk of Death on the Job.
Journal of Labor Economics, Vol. 22 (4), pp. 925–953.
Delfino, Devino (2018) 12 countries where men earn significantly more than women.
Business Insider (17.8.2018), Personal Finance.
Ehrenberg, R. & Smith, D. (2012) Modern Labour Economics - Theory and Public
Policy (11th Edition). Pearson Education, UK.
Goldin, C. (2014) A Grand Gender Convergence: Its Last Chapter. American
Economic Review, Vol. 104 (4), pp 1091–1119.
Groshen, E. (1991) The Structure of the Female/Male Wage Differential: Is It Who
You Are, What You Do, or Where You Work?. The Journal of Human Resources,
Vol. 26 (3), pp. 457-472.
Hanushek, E., Schwerdt, G., Wiederhold, S. & Woessmann, L. (2013) Returns to skills
around the world: Evidence from Piaac. European Economic Review, Vol. 73 (1), pp.
103-130.
Jann, B. (2008) The Blinder-Oaxaca decomposition for linear regression models. The
Stata Journal, Vol. 8 (4) pp. 453–479.
Kangas, E. (2020) Isät, työelämä ja tasa-arvo: miesten tasa-arvoisen vanhemmuuden
edistäminen organisaatioissa. In Heikkinen, S., Jyrkinen, M., Lämsä, A-M. &
Niemistö, C. (eds) Yhteiskunnallisesti ja taloudellisesti kestävä työelämä - Tasa-arvoa
tutkimassa ja toteuttamassa, pp. 75–76. Helsinki: Hanken School of Economics,
Research Reports.
Kauhanen, A. & Napari, S. (2011a) Sukupuolten palkkaerot ja segregaatio.
Ajankohtaista taloudessa ja tutkimuksessa, Vol 2, pp. 1–5.
68

Kauhanen, A. & Napari, S. (2011b) Gender differences in careers. ETLA Discussion
Papers, No. 1241, The Research Institute of the Finnish Economy (ETLA), Helsinki.
Kela (2020a) Kelan tilastollinen vuosikirja - Statistical Yearbook of the Social
Insurance Institution 2019. Official Statistics of Finland, The Social Insurance
Institution Helsinki, Finland.
Kela (2020b) Kelan lapsiperhe - etuustilasto 2019. Official Statistics of Finland, The
Social Insurance Institution Helsinki, Finland. pp. 38.
Klinth, R. (2002) Göra pappa med barn - den svenska pappapolitiken 1960-95. Borea
förlag, Umeå: Sweden.
Kolehmainen, S. (1999) Naisten ja miesten työt - Työmarkkinoiden segregoituminen
Suomessa 1980–1990. Tampereen Yliopisto, Finland.
Kunze, A. (2017) The gender wage gap in developed countries. NHH Norwegian
School of Economics, Bergen: Norway.
Kvande, E. (2009) Work–Life Balance for Fathers in Globalized Knowledge Work.
Some Insights from the Norwegian Context. Gender, Work and Organization, Vol. 16
(1), pp.58-72.
Meyerson, E., Petersen, T. & Snartland, V. (1996) Within-Job Discrimination and the
Gender Wage Gap, The Case of Sweden. The Industrial Institute for Economic and
Social Research, Working Paper No. 470.
Mincer, J. (1974) Schooling, Experience, and Earnings. National Bureau of Economic
Research, New York: US.
Ministry of Social Affairs (2013) Act on Maternity/Paternity Leave and Parental
Leave, No. 95/2000. The Government of Iceland, Ministry of Social Affairs,

69

Napari, Sami (2007) Is There a Motherhood Wage Penalty in the Finnish Private
Sector?. ETLA Discussion Papers, No. 1107, The Research Institute of the Finnish
Economy (ETLA), Helsinki.
Napari, S. (2008a) Tutkimuksia sukupuolten välisistä palkkaeroista suomalaisilla
työmarkkinoilla. Kansantaloudellinen aikakauskirja, Vol, 104 (4) pp. 470-474.
Napari, S. (2008b) Gender differences in early-career wage growth. ETLA Discussion
Papers, No. 1093, The Research Institute of the Finnish Economy (ETLA), Helsinki.
Nyblom, J. & Maczulskij, T. (2019) Measuring the gender wage gap - a
methodological note. Applied Economics, Vol. 52 (21) pp. 2239-2249.
Oaxaca, R. (1973) Male-Female Wage Differentials in Urban Labor Markets.
International Economic Review, Vol 14 (3) pp. 693-709.
OECD (2013) OECD Skills Outlook 2013: First Results from the Survey of Adult
Skills. OECD Publishing.
OECD (2018) PISA 2015 Results in Focus. OECD Publishing.
Oostendorp, R. (2004) Globalization and the Gender Wage Gap. Amsterdam Institute
for International Development, Amsterdam: the Netherlands.
Parsons, T. (1959) The social structure of the family. In Anshen R N (ed.), The Family:
its Functions and Destiny, Harper and Row, New York: US.
Pekkarinen, T. & Vartiainen, J. (2006) Gender Differences in Promotion on a Job
Ladder: Evidence from Finnish Metalworkers. Industrial and Labor Relations Review,
Vol. 59, pp. 285–301.
Phelps, E. (1972) The Statistical Theory of Racism and Sexism. The American
Economic Review, Vol. 62 (4), pp. 659-661.

70

Ragan, J., & Tremblay, C. (1988) Testing for Employee Discrimination by Race and
Sex. The Journal of Human Resources, Vol. 23(1), pp. 123-137.
Ransom, M. & Oaxaca, R. (2005) Intrafirm mobility and sex differences in pay.
Industrial and Labor Relations Review, Vol. 58, pp.219–237.
Saarikallio-Torp, M. & Haataja, A. (2016) Isien vanhempainvapaiden käyttö on
yleistynyt. Ketkä isät vapaita käyttävät ja ketkä eivät?. In Haataja, A., Airio, I.,
Saarikallio-Torp, M., Valaste, M. (eds) Laulu 573 566 perheestä. Lapsiperheet ja
perhepolitiikka 2000-luvulla, pp. 80–115. Kela, Helsinki: Finland
Salmi, M. & Närvi, J. (2017) Perhevapaat, talouskriisi ja sukupuolten tasa-arvo.
Terveyden ja hyvinvoinnin laitos (THL), Raportti 4.
Sittenthaler, H.M. & Mohnen, A. (2020) Cash, non-cash, or mix? Gender matters! The
impact of monetary, non-monetary, and mixed incentives on performance. Journal of
Business Economics, Vol. 90, pp. 1253–1284.
Socialdepartementet

(2007)

Jämställdhetsbonusen

familjepolitisk

reform.

Socialdepartementet, Stockholm: Sweden.
Varjonen, S. (2011) Äidin hoiva, jaettu vanhemmuus – ja vapaus valita:
Perhevapaiden uudistamisen argumentointi 1970-luvulta 2000-luvulle. Sosiaali- ja
terveysturvan tutkimuksia 118, Kelan tutkimusosasto, Helsinki: Finland.
Vartiainen, J. (2001) Sukupuolten palkkaeron tilastointi ja analyysi. Sosiaali- ja
terveysministeriö (Ministry of Social Affairs and Health), Helsinki: Finland.
Weichselbaumer, D. & Winter-Ebmer, R. (2005) A Meta-Analysis of the International
Gender Wage Gap. Journal of Economic Surveys, Vol. 19 (3), pp- 479-511.

71

Internet sources
Ec.europa.eu (2021) Pay Transparency: Commission proposes measures to ensure
equal pay for equal work. European Commission, Press corner.
URL:https://ec.europa.eu/commission/presscorner/detail/en/ip_21_881

(imported

17.4.2021)
Eduskunta.fi (2021) Perhevapaauudistus. Lakihankkeiden tietopaketit - LATI, the
Parliament of Finland.
URL:https://www.eduskunta.fi/FI/naineduskuntatoimii/kirjasto/aineistot/kotimainen_
oikeus/LATI/Sivut/perhevapaauudistus.aspx
Eurostat (2020a) Gender pay gap in unadjusted form. Eurostat, Statistics explained.
URL:https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/sdg_05_20/default/table?lang=e
n (imported 5.1.2021)
Eurostat (2020b) Tertiary educational attainment by sex. Eurostat, Statistics explained.
URL:https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/sdg_04_20/default/table?lang=e
n (imported 5.1.2021)
Finlex.fi (2007) 30.3.2007/334 Laki yhteistoiminnasta yrityksissä. Suomen
Oikeusministeri (Finlands Ministry of Justice), ajantasainen lainsäädäntö.
URL: https://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/ajantasa/2007/20070334 (imported 16.4.2021)
Kela.fi (2020) Maternity, paternity and parental allowances. Our Services, Families.
URL: https://www.kela.fi/web/en/parental-allowances (imported 8.1.2021)
Regeringen.se

(2018)

En

modern

föräldraförsäkring.

Regeringens

politik,

socialförsäkringar.
URL:https://www.regeringen.se/regeringens-politik/socialforsakringar/en-modernforaldraforsakring/ (imported 12.1.2021)

72

Samfunnsforskning.no (2020) Parental leave and father's quota. Core - Centre for
Research on Gender Equality, Publications.
URL:https://www.samfunnsforskning.no/core/english/publications/Infographics/pare
ntal-leave-and-father-s-quota/ (imported 12.1.2021)
Stat.fi (2020) Appendix Table 3. Families with underage children by type in 1950–
2019. Statistics, Families.
URL: http://www.stat.fi/til/perh/2019/perh_2019_2020-05-22_tau_003_en.html
Thl.fi (2020a) Work and income. Finnish institute for health and welfare, Topics Gender Equality.
URL:https://thl.fi/en/web/gender-equality/gender-equality-in-finland/work-andincome (imported 5.1.2021)
Thl.fi (2020b) Families and parenthood. Finnish institute for health and welfare,
Topics - Gender Equality.
URL:https://thl.fi/en/web/gender-equality/gender-equality-in-finland/families-andparenthood (imported 8.1.2021)
Valtioneuvosto.fi (2019) 3.5 Finland built on trust and labour market equality. The
Finnish Government, Government programme -strategic themes.
URL:https://valtioneuvosto.fi/en/marin/government-programme/finland-built-ontrust-and-labour-market-equality (imported 16.4.2021)

Figures
Figure 1: Eurostat (2019c) The gender pay gap in unadjusted form [SDG_05_20].
Eurostat, Statistics explained.
URL:https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/sdg_05_20/default/map?lang=e
n

73

Appendix
Appendix 1
BO-decomposition using experience - ISCO_skill2 disseminated variables
(Data: PIAAC, 2013)

Occupational classification according to occupation skill level. (1=skilled occupations, 2=semi-skilled
white-collar occupations, 3=semi-skilled blue-collar occupations, 4=elementary occupations)
2

74

Appendix 2
BO-decomposition using age - ISCO_skill3 disseminated variables
(Data: PIAAC, 2013)

Occupational classification according to occupation skill level. (1=skilled occupations, 2=semi-skilled
white-collar occupations, 3=semi-skilled blue-collar occupations, 4=elementary occupations)
3

75

Appendix 3
BO-decomposition using experience - ISCO4 disseminated variables
(Data: PIAAC, 2013)

Occupational classification on the one-digit level. (1=legislators, senior officials, and managers
(included in constant), 2= professionals and armed forces, 3=technicians and associate professions,
4=clerks, 5=service workers and shop and market sales workers, 6=skilled agricultural or fishery
workers, 7=craft and related trades workers, 8=plant and machine operators and assemblers,
9=elementary occupations)
4

76

Appendix 4
BO-decomposition using age - ISCO5 disseminated variables
(Data: PIAAC, 2013)

Occupational classification on the one-digit level. (1=legislators, senior officials, and managers
(included in constant), 2= professionals and armed forces, 3=technicians and associate professions,
4=clerks, 5=service workers and shop and market sales workers, 6=skilled agricultural or fishery
workers, 7=craft and related trades workers, 8=plant and machine operators and assemblers,
9=elementary occupations)
5

77

