Ragging among University Students in Bangladesh:
Sex Differences, Psychological Concomitants, and Political Motives

Master's Thesis in
Peace, Mediation and Conflict Research
Developmental Psychology
Rasheda Akter, 1901958
Sadaka Tamanna Rume, 1902050
Supervisor: Karin Österman
Faculty of Education and Welfare Studies
Åbo Akademi University, Finland
Spring 2021

Akter & Rume

Abstract
Aim: The study aimed to investigate ragging among university students in
Bangladesh.
Method: An online questionnaire was completed by 120 female and 110 male
university students in Bangladesh. The mean age was 24.8 years (SD 3.0) for females
and 24.4 years (SD 2.8) for males.
Results: Students agreed that there were political motives behind ragging, and 85.2%
had also observed ragging on campus. There was no significant difference between
how frequently women and men had been victimised from ragging on campus. Men
accepted ragging significantly more than women; they also agreed significantly more
that there are political motives behind ragging. Respondents who had been more than
average victimised from ragging accepted ragging significantly less than others. They
also scored significantly higher on the negative impact of ragging, depression,
anxiety, hostility, and political motives behind ragging.
Conclusions: A majority of the students observed ragging. Students also agreed that
there were political motives behind ragging. Women and men were equally much
targeted. Psychological concomitants were associated with victimisation from
ragging.
Key Words: ragging on campus, psychological concomitants, sex differences
Bangladesh, political motives

Akter & Rume

Table of Contents
1. Introduction……………………………………………………………………………

1

1.1 Aim of the Study……………………………………………………………...

1

1.2 Definitions of Ragging………………………………………………………….

1

1.3 The Context of Ragging in South Asia…………………………………………

1

1.4 Differences between Ragging and Bullying……………………………………

4

1.5 Definitions of Psychological Well-being……………………………………….

7

1.6 Historical Background of Student Involvement in Politics in Bangladesh …….

9

1.6.1 The Language Movement………………………………………………….. 10
1.6.2 The Liberation War………………………………………………………… 11
1.6.3 The 1990 Mass Uprising against the Ershad Regime……………………… 11
1.6.4 Current Scenario of Student Politics in Bangladesh……………………….. 12
1.7 Research Questions…………………………………………………………......

14

2. Method………………………………………………………………………………... 15
2.1 Sample………………………………………………………………………….. 15
2.2 Instrument………………………………………………………………………. 15
2.3 Procedure……………………………………………………………………….. 16
2.4 Ethical Considerations………………………………………………………...... 17
3. Results………………………………………………………………………………… 17
3.1 Correlations……………………………………………………………………..

17

3.2 Differences due to Sex and Level of Victimisation from Ragging……………… 18
4. Discussion…………………………………………………………………………….. 20
4.1 Summary of Findings…………………………………………………………… 20
4.2 Limitations of the Study………………………………………………………… 23
4.3 Implications of the Study……………………………………………………….. 23
4.4 Suggestions for Future Research………………………………………………... 24
References……………………………………………………………………………….. 25

Akter & Rume

1. Introduction
1.1 Aim of the Study
The study aims to investigate student ragging at universities in Bangladesh. It includes sex
differences in victimisation from ragging, the students' psychological well-being, and political
motives behind campus raging.

1.2 Definitions of Ragging
Ragging is part of an initiation culture that involves cruelty, humiliation, and inappropriate
behaviour towards newcomers perpetrated by senior students in educational institutions
(Hettiarachchi, 2007). The Supreme Court of India has described ragging as an act which
causes, or is likely to cause annoyance, hardship or psychological harm to a fresher or a junior
student which badly affects inner self of a novice or a junior student" (Garg, 2009). It includes
undisciplined activities such as teasing, abusing, humiliating, and generating fear or forcing
them to do something that they will not perform under general conditions (Desai, 2009).
Ragging is practised worldwide under different names; hazing in North America, bapteme in
France, doop in the Netherlands, praxe in Portugal, and mopokaste in Finland (Garg, 2009). In
Southern Asia, namely in Bangladesh, Pakistan, India and Sri Lanka, this ritual has reached
beyond the level of amusement; the treatment is causing severe physical harm. In the worse
cases, it causes death and increasing the risk of suicide (Wajahat, 2013).

1.3 The Context of Ragging in South Asia
Nallapu (2013) studied 240 medical students at Chinakakani NRI Medical College in Andra
Pradesh, India, to identify the students' perceptions about ragging. The methods included an indepth interview, group discussions, and a questionnaire that involved both seniors and juniors.
It was found that almost all students felt the necessity of ragging to build a relationship between
seniors and juniors as long as the interaction was positive. However, it did not indicate the
standard of interactions; the definition of fun or ruling varied from person to person. The
students were not aware of the negative physiological consequences of ragging that can be
serious for sensitive students. It has been found that seniors were enthusiastic about showing
the juniors their correct place in the name of teaching them manners (Nallapu, 2013). Of the

1

Akter & Rume

seniors, 87% wanted a respected accost from the juniors and addressed a teacher as Sir or
Ma'am. According to the study, there was no relation between ragging and economic
background. The study mentioned no political motive behind ragging, even though almost
every university has political student wings. Different types of ragging were found, such as
sexual abuse, mockery, humiliation, verbal abuse, and forcing someone to do daring activities.
Students who lived in a hostel or residential hall had to attend a session every night called 'guest
room' at night, where they received severe ragging.

The 'guest 'room' is described as how

students pass on the negative ragging culture to their juniors (Nallapu, 2013).
Moreover, the fact was also discussed that management action and legal standing against
ragging was not helpful. Around 91% of the students supported a strict measure of management
against massive forms of ragging. Nevertheless, one issue is to estimate the seriousness of
ragging; to some extent, students do not count it as severe ragging unless a student dies or
encounters a physical injury. Many students did not consider asking a personal question or mild
form of mockery as ragging. As long as the students do not realise the fundamental problem of
ragging, the solution will not come in front (Nallapu, 2013).
Dimensions of ragging in Sri Lankan universities have been described as a phenomenon
of sexual and romantic deprivation among university graduates (Gamage, 2017). The study
'Psychological, Sociological, and Political Dimensions of Ragging in Sri Lankan Universities'
includes various forms of ragging and possible solutions against it. Ragging has been addressed
as the consequences of sexual deprivation of residential male students. Still, the article also
focuses on the positive aspects such as helping students to become familiar with university
culture. (Gamage, 2017). They include various forms of ragging and possible solutions against
it. Ragging is addressed as the consequences of sexual deprivation of residential male students.
The ragging activity includes many kinds of juvenile to severe events such as creating an
awkward situation by asking freshers to confront a teacher or junior girl or forcing a non-smoker
to smoke non-alcohol-drinker to drink alcohol. Asking students to do hazardous tasks is a
standard part of ragging. Making them criticise their parents, pushing them to seduce someone,
body shaming, and many other embarrassing activities are also part of ragging regardless of
where it takes places (e.g. in halls, canteens, libraries, corridors or the playground).
The sociological dimension behind ragging is the continuous hierarchical practice of
power dominance; society teaches people to maintain the discriminative relation based on
status, power or dignity, which is not different from ragging. Students of lower socioeconomic
status often feel uncomfortable in the modern urban culture, which becomes the weapon against
2

Akter & Rume

them. They become more nervous with the forced unusual activities and insulting; this makes
the seniors pleased. According to the study "Psychological, Sociological, and Political
Dimensions of Ragging in Sri Lankan Universities, " the ratio of the senior girl's engagement
in active ragging was significantly lower compared to the boys. As for political motivation,
ragging helps create an environment of fear, allowing the student politicians to make forced
entry into politics and become stronger. They utilise the juniors in field-level political activities
such as attending meetings, giving slogans into the rally, or engaging in political fighting. The
juniors often skip class to attend the events. On a more positive note, the author discusses the
positive outcome, as ragging can help new students cope with the new environment or establish
communication with peer groups. However, the original intention of ragging is entirely
invisible as the interest of dominance becomes a priority over it. One outcome of this study is
that sometimes juniors succeeded in protecting themselves by applying different tactics, such
as approaching as a senior, hiding 'freshers' expressions, avoiding carrying class materials or
pens, and overall preventing all kinds of approaches attract attention.
Nevertheless, this study's limitation is that it misses the threat behind the scene. A
university ritual is for second-year students to arrange the orientation program for freshers to
identify new faces quickly. The author discusses different mechanisms that can prevent the
problem, which emphasise the authoritarian role, not generalises the impact of ragging,
researching and focusing on the background of ragging culture, and taking a systematic
approach to identify, handle or erase all forms of ragging (Gamage, 2017).
Garg (2009) discusses ragging in his paper from the national and international contexts,
the motivation behind ragging and its impact on students in later life. He described ragging as
the tradition of abusing juniors by the seniors in different unethical ways such as teasing,
torturing physically and mentally as the practice of superiority. He identified some significant
factors behind ragging, such as the chain of command. A senior who suffered from ragging is
likely to repeat the actions with juniors; they do not consider it an evil fact but a way of showing
their superiority. Secondly, the university hostel has access to alcohol, which has the worst
influence on ragging; severe ragging often has occurred by drunk seniors at nighttime.
Most importantly, despite knowing the tradition, authorities prefer to be silent; the lack
of supervision indirectly promotes ragging culture. Sometimes the administration itself is afraid
of seniors who have a significant political post. The effect of ragging starts from physical and
mental trauma, injury, depression, failure of an examination, dropout, even a record of suicide
and death from beating or punching. In collective societies, ragging is not an individual issue;
3

Akter & Rume

it affects the victim's family and surroundings. However, the study suggests some necessary
steps to control ragging with a broader implication, including spreading awareness from
governmental or NGO organisations, structuring functional management designed for antiragging, enforcing strict laws against the seniors and the institution for providing the
opportunity of ragging for severe physiological and physical harm. One of the provocative
suggestions is starting the best 'senior's award for their best behaviour. The paper shows
concerns about ragging, not only as an internal problem of an institution or limited to the victim
and perpetrator; instead, as a social and governmental issue that needs immediate care attention
(Garg, 2009).

1.4 Differences between Ragging and Bullying
Bullying and ragging differ on a superficial level, but it is evident that both problems have longterm psychological impacts that often require medical treatment. According to Sharp and Smith
(1994), bullying is a systematic misuse and harmful practice of power relations among social
groups depending on social status, dignity, race, colour, class, or hierarchal context. Bullying
is a widespread action that mainly starts at school. Bullying includes teasing, verbal abuse,
insulting, hitting, making fun, or spreading rumours and is often aggressive.
Regarding school bullying, boys are more into bullying compared to girls. Being bullied due to
race or colour is a common problem that often has long-term consequences. Bullying causes
long-term physical and psychological issues such as low self-esteem, lack of confidence, and
social phobia. Many cases of suicide occurred from the bullying. Not only the victims, children,
or people who bully run the risk of having psychological issues as they become used to
dominating others. Victims of a bully at school run a high risk of facing bullies in high school,
college, or work-life (Sharp & Smith, 1994).
Studies also indicate that the psychological reason behind bullying comes from culture.
Fighting between two equally strong children or two adults is not considered to be bullying.
Discrimination is a fundamental factor of bullying, which is also focused on bystander effects.
Bullying is usually a group process. Members of groups tend to justify their actions differently,
such as blaming the leader, manipulating the scenario, and reversing the incident by saying that
the bullies are only protecting themselves. A study suggests taking proper medical steps based
on the degree of bullying, such as types, frequency, aggressiveness, and consequences (Sharp
& Smith, 1994). It was a silent problem for a long time, but now many activities and research
are taking place to recognise and prevent bullying.
4

Akter & Rume

Khayambashi (2019) discusses ragging and bullying characteristics and criticises how
Indian researchers have taken Western bullying research to solve the Indian ragging problem.
He argues that bullying and ragging are two different phenomena. Both concepts have
similarities, but that does not imply that they are in the same category and require a similar
intervention to be prevented. First, the author indicates the cultural differences; both are
globally practised, but cultural acceptance of these phenomenon has a gap. She discusses
different forms of ragging, such as forcing to show maximum obedience toward seniors, having
a certain number of slaps a day, limiting basic needs such as speaking and asking permissions
for everything. Activities like being the messenger or human train produce extreme mental
torture, and ragging is one type of bullying, but far more critical than bullying; bullying is not
even a common term in Indian institutions. Bullying is a broader phenomenon not limited only
to institutions. It comprises violent and aggressive abusive names or pushing or shoving, a
prevalent and normal play mode in the Indian subcontinent. From this perspective, the author
says the bully prevention measures used in the West do not apply to Indian ragging. The
knowledge of bullying is minimal and unfamiliar to Indian students and parents (Khayambashi,
2019).
According to a literature review (Wajahat, 2013), ragging is an intentional way of
abusing and harassing newcomers by seniors to exhibit their superiority. It includes many
harmful and perverted activities within educational institutions. Bullying is repetitive, abusive
psychological and physical oppression of influential persons against the unpopular, less
confident persons who cannot stand up themselves. Bullying includes power practice and
repetition in three forms: verbal, social, and physical bullying. Both concepts include power
dominance and a hierarchical method.
Ragging has a specific pattern that differentiates it from bullying. It captures seniors'
dominance over juniors in the name of teaching them the campus culture and manners or
making fun that is only limited to students where bullying has no limitations. It can happen to
anyone irrespectively of class, institution, or office; it is not bound within the institutional area.
For example, a university teacher or staff makes an abusive comment or action that will not be
ragging but bullying, although the scenario matches ragging. Ragging is a more complex and
intense term than bullying. Ragging is challenging to understand and categorises properly,
unlike bullying, as it varies from place to place, culture to culture, and innovative ideas.
Sometimes, the topic comes from the various recent humiliation and abuse inspired by movie
5

Akter & Rume

clips and TV shows. Sometimes ragging is not meant to be vigorous, but it happens due to
excitement or provocation of the situation. Ragging and bullying both are intentional activities
in different aspects. Bullying is widespread but comparatively easy to understand as it is a
globally recognised problem where ragging is just a form of bullying and mainly practised by
the South Asian country's student.
Most importantly, management, students or parent do not consider ragging as a severe
issue despite several unwanted incidents. When people are not aware of the problem, the
solution cannot be drawn. As a result, it is not understandable how deeply ragging affects
society (Ara & Khan, 2019).
Healthy practice ragging can be fun, a source of learning, overcoming the fear or
nervousness, getting information and most importantly, developing a strong relationship
between senior and juniors, which is the main idea of ragging until it changed the definition.
When freshers come to a new institution, they naturally remain nervous as the university or
college has a different environment than school. They do not know the right place of receiving
information or resources; a warm welcome and caring attitude of elders can ease them. It makes
them confident and limits the possibility of mean practice toward their junior when they become
elder in the campus. Seniors can make university life easier for the newcomer by providing
information, engaging in cultural activities, introducing different college-oriented clubs and
organisation for extra curriculum activities, giving ordinary yet necessary study support,
organising tours and much other creative work (Gamage, 2017). Many European and Western
universities have student advisor services that provide great help to newcomers.
Similarly, the opposite approach might lead the newcomers into a different kind of
phobias, depression, especially if someone already has previous experiences of psychological
problems. On the other hand, bullying is always a negative phenomenon with no justification
and any possibility of a positive outcome. Bullying can lead the victim toward extreme mental
and physical dysfunction that might include trauma, social anxiety, insomnia, nightmares, and
many other negative psychophysiological impacts.
Many studies are done on bullying, and a specific rule of law against bullying is already
present in many developed countries. Bullying is considered a criminal offence in many
countries, and many have a robust anti-bullying act with ethical implications. Institutions have
specific rules to prevent bully. Suppose parents are conscious and concerned about it, that also
helps to take instant actions. On the contrary, ragging is a discussion, and not much research
was done on this threatening issue. An act against ragging in Section 2 of the Tamil Nadu
6

Akter & Rume

Prohibition of Ragging, 1997 (Rajamanickam et al., 2017), makes it illegal. It includes hurting
a student physically, verbally, psychologically, or abusing someone through harassment or
practical jokes or forces them to do any unwanted task within an educational institute.
Following Malaysia also passed an act prohibiting ragging, but it only includes the physical
form of ragging. Some countries even do not have any aw against ragging because they do not
consider it essential enough (Rajamanickam et al., 2017).
Ragging is a form of bullying, but anti-bullying policies do not work correctly in a
ragging context due to cultural and contextual differences. Ragging and bullying are severe
social problems that produce many challenges, especially in low-income countries, where
psychological issues are still taboo. People do not consider that ragging can create several
barriers for victims. The depression and anxiety from the torture in ragging leave footprints in
the 'victim's future growth. Low self-esteem and lack of confidence become reasons for
semester dropout, failing in exams, meeting parents' expectations, and unemployment. It
hampers the progress of a competitive working life and adjusting with colleagues. Students
often take it as a way of escaping from depression. However, it is essential to understand the
root cause, establish the diagnosis, and find a problem-oriented solution.

1.5 Definitions of Psychological Well-being
Psychological well-being is related to being happy or satisfied and carrying positive
mindfulness, which is one of the fundamentals of holistic development of people, significantly
impacting developing their personality and maintaining success in future life. Psychological
well-being is a crucial aspect of human life that defines their childhood conditioning to
adulthood well-being; the absence of psychological well-being in childhood hampers the
spontaneous mental growth which derives toward the road of failure in different stages of life.
Psychological well-being mainly discusses two terms: 'Hedonic', which focuses on having
positive emotions, happiness, and subjective well-being. This term differs from the affective
component and cognitive component, which refers respectively to have a high positive impact
on love, and negative affect from the powerful emotions and being pleased with life (Carruthers
& Hood, 2004). It also says that happiness is relative, which is also called subjective well-being
implies, that the repetitive events of happiness might fade the positive feeling toward the
moment (Diener, 2000). For example, passing leisure time or holiday is always enjoyable, but
it would be unpleasant if free time is infinite and nobody has to work. Same as sometimes, the

7

Akter & Rume

negative feeling brings positive emotions in certain situations. For instance, having shocking
news or being a witness to incredible events often make people stunned. They become
motionless; by that time, if they can cry, it can normalise their feelings and make them relieved
a little bit. Besides, it is essential to become sad sometimes to understand the meaning of
happiness.
Ryff (1995) has described psychological well-being with six eudaimonic aspects, which
are based on the theoretical origins of Maslow's self-actualisation, Jung's individualisation,
Jahoda's mental health, Erikson's personal development, Birren's ageing, mental health,
Buhler's basic life tendencies, Neugarten's executive process of personality, Allport's maturity,
and Roger's fully functioning person. The six dimensions include purposeful aspects of
psychological well-being depending on the score; the score's merit defines how good the
condition is. If it is high, mental well-being is considered excellent, the same as a low score
refers to a poor psychological state.
The concept of self-acceptance refers to the tendency of accepting self as it is, regardless
of good or bad qualities. It helps to remain optimistic about past life mistakes taking as
experience and being satisfied with the present condition. People who have a low selfacceptance score are more likely to be dissatisfied and upset about their deeds. They always
assume that they would have been happier if their life was different from the way it is. Selfacceptance provides high satisfaction about life as it is all about welcoming the ups and downs
of life.
Second, positive relations with other people, that refers to association with people and
surroundings. The high scorer people are usually kind toward others, care for others' progress,
and are highly concerned with maintaining a relationship. Their welcoming and warm attitude
are the way of expressing love and affection for others. This dimension helps people to enjoy
their life with loving companionship, achieving a tremendous circle with all types of warm
connection. The absence of this quality in people makes their world narrow. They constantly
struggle to build a relationship with others because of their self-centred attitude and noncompromising mentality. They are usually very much self-centric, which prevents them from
seeing others as a priority.
Third, the concept of autonomy refers to the ability to handle self-determination that
prevents social and peer pressure to take into consideration. It helps to grow a strong personality
to remain focused on the goals in life. People who have a low score in autonomy are likely to
bear a fragile nature, always remain anxious about others' judgment and are eager to develop
8

Akter & Rume

themselves as others' expectations. They are unable to avoid social pressure in terms of making
their own decisions.
Fourth, Environmental Mastery, people who control their surroundings, have a
leadership ability to create and use all possible opportunities for their own and others, are the
high scorers of environmental mastery. They are always open to positive change in their
everyday life and choose their life options sensibly. On the other hand, people who do not have
this quality struggles to manage daily routines, face difficulty in adopting or improving internal
or external affairs. So, it is imperative to have mindfulness to maintain psychological wellbeing.
Fifth, having a purpose in life, people who have a clear goal in life understand the value
of time, making them active and confident to work toward it; they are more likely to succeed
in life. As opposed, people who have lacked a connotation of time and meaning of life are more
likely not to fix a clear goal. They roam around and make several transfers in life route that take
them nowhere.
Sixth, having a personal growth feeling, people with a high score in this dimension are
concerned about personal development; they seek their potential continuously until they find
the right one. They are open to adopting positive change, attitude to improve self-knowledge
and effectiveness. It helps to track the progress of life journey and measure the distance to
achieve life's purpose. People who do not have this quality lack the sense of being update with
time, which bring them back from the race and creates depression and boredom. They never
develop an interest in anything exciting and cannot cope with other development besides their
own.
These six theory-guided dimensions discuss how psychological well-being impacts
human life; it also has strong physical health connections. People disturbed in mental wellbeing are more likely to have low immunity to prevent physical diseases such as high blood
pressure, diabetes, immune system malfunction. However, psychological well-being can be
hampered by childhood trauma or stressful events, although it might happen in adulthood.
Disruption in psychological well-being has different impacts based on the various stages of life.
It lowers confidence, creates depression or anxiety disorder, low self-esteem, and promotes
anger and suppression; these are a significant threat to personality development.

1.6 Historical Background of Student Involvement in Politics in Bangladesh
9

Akter & Rume

Students have played a dynamic role in the emergence and aftermath of history in Bangladesh.
According to Hannan, the unofficially recognised Bengal student politics is older than
Bangladesh (Alam et al., 2011). Students were a key actor in anti-colonial and postindependence democracy struggles. Student politics in the Bengal region were established
under the British empire (Alam et al, 2011). When India and Pakistan gained independence
from the British in 1947, the-then East-Pakistan ('today's Bangladesh) came under Pakistani
rule. From 1947 to 1971, students were consistently associated with social change politics due
to times (Alam et al., 2011). Different types of student politics emerged; rightist, leftist,
religion-based. The education policies imposed by the British administration was inappropriate
for Bengali students, and under martial law, Pakistan also forces students to continue with the
revolutionary tradition of politics (Alam et al., 2011).
1.6.1 The Language Movement
Regarding students' position in the country's political history, most student activists today refer
to the Language Movement of 1952. Before 1947, student activism in East Bengal remained
limited. All Bengal Muslim 'Student's Association had been formed in 1930 in Dhaka and later
integrated into the Muslim's Student's League after its foundation in 1937 (Ali, 2010). As a way
of creating one Nation's sense, Urdu was proposed as Pakistan's national language, despite its
mother tongue of a minority both in east and west Pakistan (Nair, 1990). Students raise their
concern in East Pakistan after the Pakistan Education Council adopted Urdu as the medium of
education. Students from Dhaka University and other educational institutions mobilised
massive demonstration against this decision. This event was the inception of the student's
decisive role in Bangladesh's birth as a nation (Alam, 2014).
From 1948 to 1952, students continued to mobilise people to fight for the Bengali
language. In January 1952, Pakistani Prime Minister Khawaja Nazimuddin echoed the former
decision that only Urdu will be the state language. Dhaka University students called for a
general strike and mass gathering on 21 February 1952. The government banned all kinds of
gathering on that day. Students disobliged the curfew, and police open fired on them (Suykens,
2019). The numbers of students who died, which generated outrage among the general public,

lead to declaring 'Bengali' as state language alongside Urdu in 1956 (Alam et al., 2011). Since
then, 21 February is being observed as 'Language Martyr's Day. The Language movement has
positioned students as a key actor in politics and the formation of Bengali culture and nationbuilding. The students not only mobilised a revolution but also demonstrated potential in
10

Akter & Rume

politics to resist and change. Some of the student leaders of that time, such as Sheikh Mujibur
Rahman, Syed Nazrul Islam, Tajuddin Ahmad, subsequently became prominent in politics, and
a critical player in Bangladesh's liberation struggle showed uprising feasibility in party-political
career. Throughout the language movement, the links between students' organisations and
political parties became stronger, 'Chhatra League' emerged as the student wing of Awami
League and 'Chhatra Union' became the leftist parties' wing (Suykens, 2019).
1.6.2 The Liberation War
Under Pakistani rule, though the political parties took the official lead in the struggle for
independence, students continued to provide ideological support and inspiration. In 1969, after
Sheikh Mujib demanded the 6-point charter for autonomy, students formed 'Sarbadaliya
Chhatra Sangram Parishad' (all-party students' action council) and declared an 11-point charter
demanding independence and socialist reformation (Ali, 2010). Sukeyns (2019) has mentioned
that the period between 1966 and 1975 was formative for students, and they unitedly fought for
independence. This contribution not only recognises them as an ideological force but also
reckon them as national heroes. Nevertheless, this has also given them access to arms and
military training as part of the liberation war. However, during the liberation war and
afterwards, the ideological clash between different student bodies became visible, such as
democratic socialism, Marxist-Leninist or Maoist ideology.
After independence, the political party in power (Awami League) found. However, the
students played a vital role in Bangladesh's formation, but it became difficult to control them,
mostly when the disarmament campaign failed. Moreover, the opposition students group also
added pressure on the government. In this situation, the ruling party adopted the technique of
developing and relations with different student groups and gradually started to actively support
to gain complete control over campus with the help of university administration, which was
proved as an enduring strategy. Actively intervening in student politics through its student
wings, the power party started to control the students' potential resistances on national issues
(Suykens, 2019).

1.6.3 The 1990 Mass Uprising against the Ershad Regime
Students involvement in party politics started under Awami League. From the Zia regime
(1975) onwards, almost every political parties began to have a student wing on the campus to

11

Akter & Rume

hold control. Thus, party politics began to impact campus life directly. Campus violence
continued to be an accepted characteristic of student politics (Suykens, 2019).
In 1982, Ziaur Rahman (Bangladesh National Party) got killed in a military coup, and
H. M. Ershad emerged as military ruler. Like Zia, Ershad also feels the need for having a strong
student organisation as a backup. Following the Zia and Mujib, the Ershad regime flowed
money and arms in campuses to feed student organisations to suppress the oppositions (Nasir,
2007). Despite his condescending policies, the Ershad regime started to face resistance from
students' organisations all over the country. The first challenge appeared when the military
government tried to use religion as a 'trump card' and initiated a new education policy (Rahman,
1984). The new education policy proposed an increased number of years in secondary education
and made religious education compulsory. Ershad also tried to include Arabic and Quran in the
syllabus. With all these, Ershad wanted to create such an education system that will not bring
up the students as revolutionaries (Kabir, 1999). The issue again offered the students
organisations a platform to launch a broader political protest. Police opened fire on students
since they violate the 'ban' and killed at least five people. Following the incident, Ershad
dropped Arabic as a compulsory language (Suykens, 2019).
From 1982 to 1990, opposite political parties organised protest, strikes and
demonstration against the military regime and demanded the removal of Ershad from power.
However, the lack of collaboration among opposing political parties, repression, apprehends,
and Ershad supporter's backup within the military kept the Ershad regime in place (Suykens,
2019). Finally, the final push came from the student bodies. On 10 October 1990, six people
were shot in a protest rally against Ershad, and 22 student organisations created a collaborative
student group in November 1990. The student group included all major opposition alliances to
come forward and sign a joint declaration towards democratic transition (Jamal, 2006). The
force of coalition and further removal of Ershad's support in the military topple down the regime
on 6 December 1990.

1.6.4 Current Scenario of Student Politics in Bangladesh
The post-colonial history of student politics in Bangladesh was closely entangled with its
political history, first as a part of Pakistan and later as an independent country. According to
Hannan, until the 1930s, there were no student unions in Bangladesh. During that time, students'
movements collectively faced different challenges (Alam et al., 2011).

12

Akter & Rume

The current upsurge of student politics in Bangladesh is different; all national political
parties have established affiliated student wings in educational institutions to use students as
their political tool (Suykens, 2019). After the military rule officially ended in 1991, student
politics widely deteriorated, became opportunistic and violent, lost the ideological ground and
turned nothing more than a weapon for power in politics (Suykens, 2019). What was, however,
absent to some extent in the pre-1991 period. Students' heroic scarifies for common interest,
such as language movement, liberation war, or anti-Ershad movement represented students as
the Nation's conscience, moral and ideological leadership. Students have also played a
significant role in anti-colonial and pro-democracy struggles (Alam et al., 2011). Students' unity
started to crack during the liberation war and anti-Ershad movement, and rivalries began to
appear on the surface right after the campaign achieved its goal. From a neutral national-interest
based organisation, they turned into merely political stooges (Suykens, 2019). Student politics
started to play a crucial role in party politics.
Nowadays, most of the party leaders have a background in student politics. Hall or seat
politics has been used to control opposition on the campus. Students usually seek admission in
residential halls due to inexpensive accommodation and staying near to the campus. Student
political groups, mainly the ruling party, use the halls as a platform to recruit followers. By
providing them seats in students' residential halls, they engage newcomer students to work for
that specific party. Freshers are often forced to participate in rallies and demonstration
organised by student political groups. They have also been forced to join in late-night guestroom programs' where they receive orientation in party-politics by the hall leaders. Residential
hall politics is the key to gain control over specific halls and patronage student leaders and their
followers. Control over campus became more extended by the ruling party after 1991 than ever
before (Suykens, 2019). The national political parties guide recent student politics in
Bangladesh for their interest.
Comparing the literature of the pre-1991 military regime and post-1991 democratic era,
Suykens argued. However, students' heroic contribution to national interest has been illustrated,
and the degeneration that has been claimed afterwards might be overstated. According to him,
there were evident roots of violence throughout the post-independence period (Suykens, 2019).
'What students are involved in Bangladesh in the name of 'student politics' was never
real student politics. The student body in universities should be involved in the institution's
activities and bargain with the institution to protect students' rights. Unfortunately, our student
politics an extension of party politics, said a university professor (Zaman, 2014). In some
13

Akter & Rume

countries, the student union is known as a club or forum (Alam et al., 2011). When a group of
students have some common interest regarding religion, region or any other issues, they form
an organisation within a school, province, or country known as a student union (Altbach, 1974).
Different groups based on common interest can create other student groups. At universities,
these organisations make sure that student concerns are heard, play an active role in university
decision-making, and provide entertainment, information, services and welfare support. In
underdeveloped countries, student organisations became biased by party politics because of
socioeconomic and other overall conditions (Alam et al., 2011).
Although Jaime rejected this view of student politics, he refused to be only concerned
about student issues and denied the charge that students are merely party tools. He disagreed
that students should not have any relevance to politics (Alam et al., 2011).

1.7 Research Questions
The following research questions were investigated:
(a) How many of the students had observed ragging on campus.
(b) Do students think there are political motives behind ragging on campus.
(c) Is there a sex difference regarding the frequency of having been victimised from ragging.
(d) Is there a sex difference regarding the acceptance of ragging.
(e) Is there a sex difference regarding thinking there are political motives behind ragging.
(f) Is there an association between having been victimised from ragging and accepting it.
(g) Is there an association between having been victimised from ragging and the negative impact
of ragging, depression, anxiety, hostility, and thinking that there are political motives behind
ragging.

14

Akter & Rume

2. Method
2.1 Sample
A questionnaire was completed by 120 female and 110 male university students in Bangladesh.
The mean age was 24.8 years (SD 3.0) for females and 24.4 years (SD 2.8) for males. The age
difference was insignificant.

2.2 Instrument
A questionnaire was created for measuring victimisation from ragging on campus. It also
included scales for measuring negative impact of ragging on students, acceptance of ragging,
and three types of psychological distress among the students. Furthermore, it included scales
for the measurement of potential political motives behind ragging, and awareness of a university
policy against ragging,
Frequency of victimisation from ragging on campus was measured by seven items: It was asked,
“have you yourself been victimised from ragging on campus?” which was then specified as
different forms of ragging, namely (a) physical, (b) verbal, (c) threats, (d) sexual harassment,
(e) humiliation, (f) “fun” activities, and (g) cyberbullying. The response alternatives were on a
five-point scale (0 = never, 1 = seldom, 2 = sometimes, 3 = often, 4 = very often). The
Cronbach´s alpha of the scale was .81.
Negative impact of ragging on students was measured by six items: “has any of the following
happened to you as a result of ragging?”, specified as (a) physical injury, (b) psychological
distress, (c) drop out from studies, (d) financial loss, (e) financial pressure on parents, and (f)
mental pressure on parents. The response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 = never, 1
= seldom, 2 = sometimes, 3 = often, 4 = very often). The Cronbach´s alpha of the scale was .80.
Acceptance of ragging was measured by four items: “do you support student ragging on
campus?”, specified as (a) ragging is fun, (b) ragging is abusive (*), (c) ragging is carried out
by bullies (*) and, (d) seniors should not have so much political influence (*). Items with an
asterisk were recoded. The response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 = completely
disagree, 4 = completely agree). The Cronbach´s alpha of the scale was .72.
Psychological distress was measured by three subscales, depression, anxiety, and hostility,
from the Brief Symptom Inventory (Derogatis & Melisaratos, 1983). The response alternatives
for all three scales were on a five-point scale (0 = completely disagree, 4 = completely agree).
15

Akter & Rume

Depression was measured by six items: “how much have the following distressed or bothered
you?”, specified as (a) feeling hopeless about the future, (b) feelings of worthlessness, (c)
feeling lonely, (d) feeling blue, (e) having no interest in things, and (f) having thoughts of
ending your life. The Cronbach’s alpha of the scale was 92.
Anxiety was measured by six items: a) nervousness or shakiness inside, (b) being suddenly
scared for no reason, (c) feeling fearful, (d) feeling tense or keyed up, (e) spells of terror or
panic, and (f) feeling so restless you could not sit still. The Cronbach´s alpha of the scale was
.95.
Hostility was measured by five items: (a) feeling easily annoyed or irritated, (b) temper
outbursts that you could not control, (c) having urges to beat, injure or harm someone, (d)
having urges to break or smash things, and (e) getting into frequent arguments. The Cronbach´s
alpha of the scale was .88.
Political motives behind ragging were measured by four items: “in your opinion, are political
motives working behind ragging?” specified as (a) there is a 'political motive' behind ragging
at universities, (b) ragging increases political influence on campus, (c) ragging creates an
environment of fear and aggression, and (d) ragging helps some people get more supporters in
student politics. The response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 = completely disagree,
4 = completely agree). The Cronbach´s alpha of the scale was .86.
Awareness of a university policy against ragging was measured by four items: “do you agree
with the following statements?”, which were (a) the university has a policy against student
ragging, (b) if anyone faces ragging s/he will file a complaint against it, (c) if someone informs
the administration about ragging the university will take proper action against it, and (d) the
administration takes initiatives to stop student ragging on campus. The response alternatives
were on a five-point scale (0 = completely disagree, 4 = completely agree). The Cronbach´s
alpha of the scale was .71.

2.3 Procedure
The online questionnaire was shared with the respondents through social media and by email.
The questionnaire required 5-6 minutes to complete. The questionnaire was shared with
university students and recent graduates from both public and private universities, medical
colleges, and engineering institutions. The link to the questionnaire was active for 5 months,
from 22 May to 29 September 2020.

16

Akter & Rume

2.4 Ethical Considerations
The study is consistent with the principles concerning human research ethics of the Declaration
of Helsinki (World Medical Association, 2013), as well as follows the guidelines for the
responsible conduct of research of The Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity (2012).

3. Results
Of the participating students, 85.2 % had observed ragging on campus. A tendency was found
for men to have observed it more often than women [t(228) = 1.83, p = .069]. There was no
significant difference between how frequently women (m = 1.04) and men (m = 0.99) had been
victimised from ragging on campus. Overall, students agreed that there were political motives
behind ragging (m = 2.9).

3.1 Correlations
Frequency of victimisation from ragging and negative impact of it were highly correlated for
both women [r = .58, p < .001] and men [r = .72, p < .001]. For women, frequency of
victimisation from ragging correlated significantly negatively with acceptance of it, and
positively with depression, anxiety, hostility, and political motives behind ragging (Table 1).
The same pattern occurred for negative impact of ragging. Awareness of a university policy
against ragging did not correlate with frequency of victimisation, but a significant negative
correlation was found in relation to the impact of ragging.
For men, frequency of victimisation from ragging did not correlate with the acceptance of it
(Table 1). Frequency of victimisation correlated significantly positively with depression,
anxiety, hostility, and political motives behind ragging. The same pattern occurred for negative
impact of ragging. Awareness of a university policy against ragging did not correlate with
frequency of victimisation, but a tendency towards a negative correlation was found for the
impact of ragging.

17

Akter & Rume

Table 1
Correlations between Frequency of Victimisation from Ragging and Negative Impact of
Ragging with Six Variables, for Women (N = 120) and Men (N = 110)
Frequency of

Negative Impact

Victimisation from

of Ragging

Ragging
Women
Acceptance of Ragging

-.21 *

-.22 *

Depression

.41 ***

.46 ***

Anxiety

.47 ***

.41 ***

Hostility

.40***

.38 ***

Political Motives behind Ragging

.33 ***

.29 ***

Awareness of a University Policy against Ragging

.01 ns

-.20 *

-.12 ns

-.18 †

Men
Acceptance of Ragging
Depression

.45 ***

.40 ***

Anxiety

.46 ***

.47 ***

Hostility

.31 **

.27 *

Political Motives behind Ragging

.26 *

.25 *

-.12 ns

-.18 †

Awareness of a University Policy against Ragging
*** p ≤ .001; ** p < .01; * p < .05, † p < .10

3.2 Differences due to Sex and Level of Victimisation from Ragging
A new variable, high or low victimisation from ragging, was constructed based on z-scores of
victimisation. A multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) was carried out with sex and
victimisation group (high/low) as independent variables and negative impact of ragging,
acceptance of ragging, depression, anxiety, hostility, political motives behind ragging, and
awareness of a university policy against ragging as dependent variables. The multivariate
analysis was significant for sex and victimisation group, but not for the interaction between
them (Table 2).
The univariate analyses showed that there was no significant difference between the amount of
negative impact of ragging experienced by women and men. Men accepted ragging
significantly more than women. Men also agreed significantly more that there are political
motives behind ragging.

18

Akter & Rume

Table 2
Results of a Multivariate Analysis of Variance (MANOVA) with Sex and Victimisation Group
(High/Low) as Independent Variables and Negative Impact of Ragging, Acceptance of Ragging,
Depression, Anxiety, Hostility, Political Motives behind Ragging, and Awareness of a
University Policy against Ragging as Dependent Variables (N = 230)
F

df

p≤

ηp2

Group
with
Higher
Mean

Effect of Sex
Multivariate Analysis

3.51

7, 220

.001

.100

Negative Impact of Ragging

0.55

1, 226

ns

.002

-

Acceptance of Ragging

4.70

“

.031

.020

Men

Depression

6.08

“

.014

.026

Women

Anxiety

6.84

“

.010

.029

Women

Hostility

3.68

“

.056

.016

Women

Political Motives behind

4.00

“

.047

.017

Men

0.05

“

ns

.000

-

17.87

7, 220

.001

.362

Univariate Analyses

Ragging
Awareness of a University
Policy against Ragging
Effect of Victimisation Group
(High/Low)
Multivariate Analysis
Univariate Analyses
Negative Impact of Ragging

*)
109.71

1, 225

.001

.327

H

Acceptance of Ragging

4.59

“

.033

.020

L

Depression

34.66

“

.001

.133

H

Anxiety

31.83

“

.001

.123

H

Hostility

25.81

“

.001

.102

H

Political Motives behind

17.80

“

.001

.073

H

1.74

“

ns

.008

-

0.75

7, 220

ns

.023

Ragging
Awareness of a University
Policy against Ragging
Interaction Effect
Multivariate Analysis

*) H = High victimisation from ragging; V = Low victimisation from ragging

19

Akter & Rume

Women scored significantly higher on depression, anxiety, and hostility. Respondents who had
been more than average victimised from ragging accepted ragging significantly less than others.
They also scored significantly higher on negative impact of ragging, depression, anxiety,
hostility, and political motives behind ragging.

4. Discussion
4.1 Summary of the Findings
It was found that of the participating students, 85.2% had observed ragging on campus. The
result shows that the majority of the students had observed ragging on campus. A tendency was
found for men to have observed ragging more often than women. Introducing ragging as an
'institutional culture' and politicising this seemingly harmless ritual to create an environment of
fear and terror might be one reason behind this high percentage. Additionally, ragging takes
different forms, as subtle as gesturing, using slang or calling someone a mocking name. It has
previously been found that forty-five per cent of the students had seen some ragging in a study
based on a south Indian medical college (Nallapu, 2013). The author mentioned that many
students do not consider asking a personal question or other mild forms of humiliation as severe
types of ragging such as sexual abuse or physical torture. According to Ara and Khan (2019),
ragging is a complex and intense form of bullying, which sometimes might be complicated to
identify and categorise appropriately as it varies from place to place, culture to culture, and the
ideas are typically innovative. Sometimes the ideas come from the latest example of humiliation
or abuse inspired by a movie scene or TV shows. Sometimes ragging is not meant to be brutal
but is the result of excitement or provocation (Ara & Khan, 2019).
A tendency was found for men to have observed ragging more often than women. Usually, boys
spend more time at the campus than girls since female residential dormitories have restricted
entrance within a specific time at night at some universities. Hence, girls spend comparatively
less time outside than boys, so boys have no such restriction.
No significant sex difference was found between how frequently women and men had been
victimised from ragging on campus, which means that both men and women were equally
victimised. Similarly, no significant difference between the amount of negative impact of
ragging experienced by women and men was found. This shows that women and men

20

Akter & Rume

experienced the same amount of negative impact. The result is also in line with the victimisation
frequency from ragging and its negative impact.
Frequency of victimisation of ragging correlated significantly positively with the negative
impact of it. The practice of ragging in Bangladeshi educational institutions is not studentfriendly or supportive. The abusive and humiliating ragging affects students' physical and
mental health, personality, study and disturbs everyday life. Sometimes, ragging causes
financial instability for students. Comparatively, poor students become more targeted in terms
of ragging. To avoid being harassed, they sometimes try to change their lifestyle, something
they are unable to afford, and as a result, they pressurise their parents for more allowance.
Besides this, the expenses of medical treatment caused by ragging, paying tuition fees to another
institution because of dropout are the indirect negative financial impacts of ragging. The results
of the study provide evidence that frequent victimisation from ragging impacts the victim's
psychological and mental wellbeing. The latent effects of ragging and the negative
physiological consequences that can be serious for sensitive students have been mentioned
before (Nallapu, 2013). Ryff (1995) has described how psychological wellbeing can be
hampered by childhood trauma or stressful adulthood events. Disruption in psychological
wellbeing has different impacts based on the different life stages as it lowers the confidence
level, creates depression or anxiety disorder, lowers self-esteem, promotes anger and
suppression, and is a significant threat to personality development or maintaining success in
life. This result that arose within the present study is also in line with evidence from Wajahat's
(2013) study. Wajahat found that persons who had been ragged had undergone psychological,
physical, emotional and behavioural changes.
Ragging has lowered the victim's self-esteem, self-respect and self-confidence, which are
essential to developing one's personality and career life. According to Wajahat (2013),
emotionally unstable persons are more likely to develop severe psychological disorders such as
panic disorder, anxiety disorder, social phobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), and
depression. Students who had experienced these negative impacts had developed a change in
attitude towards their future and career life. Garg (2009) has suggested that newcomers under
severe stress may leave the institution and may suffer from serious psychological trauma and
post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Promising careers can be ruined. According to Wajahat
(2013), psychological disorders can also lead to physical disabilities. Ryff (1995) has suggested
that psychological wellbeing can impact life negatively as it has physical solid health
connections. People disturbed by mental conditions are more likely to have a less-effective
21

Akter & Rume

immune system which prevents physical problems such as diabetes, immunity disorder, high
blood pressure, or malfunction (Ryff, 1995).
It was found that men accepted ragging significantly more than women. The reason behind this
might be that boys are usually involved in ragging more often than girls. A study supports this
point. It was found in Sri Lanka that compared to the girls, the ratio of the senior boy's
engagement in active ragging was significantly higher (Gamage, 2017).
Regarding the reason behind ragging, students agreed that there are political motives behind
ragging. According to the study from Sri Lanka Gamage (2017) found similar results.
According to Gamage, because of political motivation, ragging helps to create an environment
of fear at the campus, which helps the student politicians make forced entry into politics and
become stronger. Seniors utilise the juniors in field-level political activities like attending
meetings, giving slogans into the rally, or engaging in political fighting. However, the author
suggested that ragging's original intention is not entirely visible since the interest of dominance
gets priority over it.
It was also found in the present study that men agreed significantly more that there are political
motives behind ragging. It might be because student political parties try to pull more boys into
the groups who can participate in extreme activities like thrashing, vandalising, knockingdown, showdown, and other political activities.
It was found that having an awareness of the university policy against ragging did not correlate
with the frequency of victimisation, which is quite reasonable. When the system is not adequate,
a victim's awareness of the university policy against ragging cannot fully help to control the
practice. In line with that, a significant negative connection was found concerning the impact
of ragging with the awareness of a university policy against ragging. This result suggests being
aware of the university policy might help the students to stand against the malpractice and at
least provide some hope to protect themselves from being stressed out or feeling hopeless.
The frequency of victimisation from ragging correlated significantly positively with depression,
anxiety, and hostility, and women generally scored significantly higher on depression, anxiety,
and hostility than men. In traditional society, men are expected not to be emotionally
vulnerable, and mental illness is seen as a 'weakness', that might be why men were scoring
lower than females. Rosenfield (1980) has mentioned that females have consistently been found
to have higher depression and depressive symptomatology rates than males. Biological
explanations and sex-roles have been suggested to account for these differences. However, new
evidence supports the relationship between depressive symptomatology and traditional22

Akter & Rume

nontraditional sex roles in the family in terms of labour division. It has been suggested that both
genders are affected equally by mental illness, however, women are more likely to treat the
disorders and men are less likely to express the feelings and seek help for mental disorders
(Harvard Health Publishing, 2011).

4.2 Limitations of the Study
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, an online questionnaire was used for the data collection.
Considering the topic, a physical and direct data collection approach such as an interview or
survey would have been more appropriate and fruitful. The selection bias is one of the
significant limitations of this study. The questionnaire was made short and precise to ensure
obtaining enough data as a lengthy questionnaire might drive away participants from answering.
Additionally, the sample size was low, a larger sample size would have helped ensure a more
precise result. Student ragging culture at universities is a vital but underrated intimidation for
Bangladesh's higher education system. Besides, no significant prior study has been done on this
specific subject. Lack of relevant literature hindered identifying the research gaps and
theoretical foundation.

4.3 Implications of the Study
To solve an issue, knowing the problem first is crucial. It was found in this study that political
influence on student ragging makes the ragging trend intense and ugly. The correlations
between student ragging and the political motive are not visible or focused, although they have
a strong relationship. Similarly, the negative impact of student ragging on psychological
wellbeing is evident, but the actual consequences are undervalued. One of the reasons behind
this ignorance is that discussing psychological health is still taboo in Bangladesh. Therefore,
this study's implications can be the starting point of taking the proper initiative to prevent the
student ragging system or minimise it. Various crucial factors underlying have been discussed,
such as how ragging hampers students' psychological wellbeing. Moreover, this study's
implications can include considering and ensuring students' rights to have a routine and safe
education environment on their campus and residential halls.

23

Akter & Rume

4.4 Suggestions for Future Study
No considerable research has been done before on this crucial matter of student ragging at
universities of Bangladesh. Further study could be continued with a more substantial sample
size for better and precise conclusions. Regarding the methodological implications, a qualitative
method would also add value in further research as there are lots of underlying causes and issues
that need to be explained elaborately for better understanding. Including a sample of university
authorities and in-charges would also add value to the research as more perspectives can be
presented. Therefore, a direct and mixed data collection method would be good for future
studies as the online data collection approach has limitations for this specific type of study.

24

Akter & Rume

References
Alam, G. M., Rabby, T. G., Boon, T. L., Khan, I., & Hoque, K. E. (2011). National
development and student politics in Bangladesh. African Journal of Business
Management, 5, 6044–6057.
Alam, F. (2014). The University of Dhaka and National Identity Formation in
Bangladesh, In M. Chakraborty (Ed.), Being Bengali: At home and in the
world, 11‒31. London, UK: Routledge.
Ali, S. M. (2010). Understanding Bangladesh. London: C Hurst Co Publishers Ltd.
Altbach, P. G. (1974). Student politics in America: A historical analysis. New York:
McGraw-Hill.
Ara, E., & Khan, M. I. (2019). The prevalence of depression and anxiety among the
University graduates in Bangladesh: How far does it affect the society?
European Scientific Journal, 15, 1857–7881. doi:0.19044/esj.2019.v15n10p75
Carruthers, C. P., & Hood, C. D. (2004). The power of the positive: Leisure and wellbeing. Therapeutic Recreation Journal, 38, 225–245.
Derogatis, L. R., & Melisaratos, N. (1983). The Brief Symptom Inventory: An
introductory report. Psychological Medicine, 13, 595–605.
doi:10.1017/S0033291700048017
Desai, C. (2009). Ragging: Let's say NO to it. Indian Journal of Pharmacology,
41(2),59. doi:10.103/0253-7613.51338
Diener, E. (2000). Subjective well-being: The science of happiness and a proposal for a
national index. American Psychologist, 55, 34–43. doi:10.1037/0003066X.55.1.34
Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity (2012). Responsible conduct of research
and procedures for handling allegations of misconduct in Finland. Helsinki:
Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity.
Gamage, S. (2017). Psychological, sociological, and political dimensions of ragging in
Sri Lankan universities. Social Affairs: A Journal for the Social Sciences, 1,
13–21.
Garg, R. (2009) Ragging: A public health problem in India. Indian Journal of Medical
Science, 63, 263‒271. doi:10.4103/0019-5359.53401

25

Akter & Rume

Harvard Medical Publishing (2011). Women and Depression.
https://www.health.harvard.edu/womens-health/women-and-depression
Hettiarachchi, K. I. (2017, 1 August). Can ragging in higher education institutes in Sri
Lanka be eradicated only by legislative reforms: A comparative analysis with
India. Unpublished manuscript. University of Colombo, Sri Lanka.
https://ssrn.com/abstract=3011822
Jamal Uddin, A. K. M. (2006). The movement for the restoration of democracy in
Bangladesh, 1982‒1990: A study of political sociology. Unpublished Doctoral
Dissertation, University of Leeds, UK.
Kabir, B. M. M. (1999). Politics of Military Rule and the Dilemmas of
Democratisation in Bangladesh. New Delhi: South Asian Publishers.
Khayambashi, S. (2019). Bullying or Ragging: Does One Size Fit All?. Research
Review International Journal of Multidisciplinary, 4 (10),138‒146.
Nair, M. B. (1990). Politics in Bangladesh: A Study of Awami League: 1949‒1958,
New Delhi: Northern Book Centre.
Nallapu, S. S. R. (2013). Students perceptions and feedback on ragging in a south
Indian medical college. South-East Asian Journal of Medical Education, 7(2),
33–39. doi: http://doi.org/10.4038/seajme.v7i2.138
Nasir, A. B. M. (2007). What leads to campus violence, student or partisan politics?
http://bangladeshwatchdog.blogspot.com/2007/04/what-leads-to-campusviolence-student.html
Rahman, M. A. (1984). Bangladesh in 1983: A Turning Point for the Military. Asian
Survey, 24(2), 240–249. doi: https://doi.org/10.2307/2644443
Rajamanickam, R., Zainuddin, T., Rahman, Z., Shariff. A., (2017). Prohibiting
'ragging' in the Malaysian Educational Institutions: Is the law adequate? The
Social Sciences. 12 (8), 1440–1443. doi:10.36478/sscience.2017.1440.1443
Rosenfield, S. (1980). Sex differences in depression; do women always have higher
rates?. Journal of health and Social Behavior, 21 (1) 33–42.
Ryff, C. D., & Singer, B. (1996). Psychological well-being: Meaning, measurement,
and implications for psychotherapy research. Psychotherapy and
psychosomatics, 65(1), 14–23. doi:10.1111/1467-8721.ep10772395
Sharp, S., & Smith, P. (2002). School bullying: Insights and perspectives. Routledge.
26

Akter & Rume

Suykens, B. (2019). What do we know about student politics in Bangladesh?
doi:10.13140/RG.2.2.12508.13448.
Zaman, F. (2014). Student Politics in Bangladesh. The Daily Star.
https://www.thedailystar.net/student-politics-in-bangladesh-52187
Wajahat, A. (2013). Harassment due to ragging. Procedia – Social and Behavioral
Sciences, 113, 129–133. doi: 10.1016/j.sbspro.2014.01.019
World Medical Association (2013). Declaration of Helsinki: Ethical Principles for
Medical Research Involving Human Subjects. JAMA, 310, 2191–2194.

27

