Mobility and belonging in return migration experiences:
Narratives of Ingrian Finns' returnees from Russia
Erina Kanazawa

Master's Thesis in Social Exclusion
Supervisors: Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Kattis Honkanen
Faculty of Arts, Psychology, and Theology
Åbo Akademi University 2021

Table of contents

Abstract ................................................................................................................................ 1
Introduction .......................................................................................................................... 2
1. Background and previous research ......................................................................... 4
1.1 Historical background of Ingria and Ingria Finns .......................................................... 4
1.2 Previous research on Ingrian Finns ................................................................................ 5
1.3 Previous research on return migration studies ................................................................. 7

2. Materials and methodology .................................................................................... 10
2.1 Materials ...................................................................................................................... 10
2.2 Interviewing, translations and methodology ................................................................ 12
2.3 Ethical considerations .................................................................................................. 14
2.3.1 Informed consent: Consenting to what? .................................................................. 14
2.3.2 Insider/outsider positions ...................................................................................... 14

3. Theoretical framework ............................................................................................. 16
3.1 The politics of mobility ............................................................................................... 16
3.2 Belonging and fragmentation ....................................................................................... 18

4. Rhythm and Friction: temporal reflectivity in the politics of mobility .. 21
4.1 Temporality and desire as motive force ....................................................................... 21
4.2 Rhythm as waiting and stillness in returnees' narratives ............................................. 23
4.3 Rhythm in everyday lives ............................................................................................ 24
4.4 Friction .......................................................................................................................... 25
4.4.1 Friction as bordering: nationality, class, gender, race and sexuality ..................... 25
4.4.2 Friction as ethnic profiling: at stores ..................................................................... 27

5. Fragmentation: language, memories, and home ............................................ 30
5.1 Fragments of language and living with borders ........................................................... 30
5.2 Memories of the past .................................................................................................... 32
5.3 When, where, how are Ingrian Finns? ......................................................................... 35

6. Conclusion .................................................................................................................... 40
Acknowledgement ................................................................................................................ 42

List of figures ........................................................................................................................ 43
Map of Ingria ....................................................................................................................... 43
The front page of the exhibition text, Ingrians-The Forgotten Finns ................................ 43
Reference list .......................................................................................................................... 44

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY - FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND THEOLOGY

Abstract for master's thesis
Subject: Social Exclusion
Author: Erina Kanazawa
Title of thesis: Mobility and belonging in return migration experiences: Narratives of Ingrian
Finns' returnees from Russia
Supervisor: Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Supervisor: Kattis Honkanen
Abstract:
This thesis examines how Ingrian Finns experience return migration and what the
implications of returning home mean for them. In 1990, the Finnish then-president Mauno
Koivisto announced that Finnish descendants of the former Soviet Union citizens had the
right to return to Finland. Approximately, 30,000 people migrated from the former Soviet
Union to Finland as Ingrian Finns' returnees during the return migration program from 1990
to 2011. The existing research on Ingrian Finn's return migration exclusively focuses on the
discursive analysis of identity construction in terms of how Ingrian Finns' Finnish
background can be identified through the notion of Finnishness at the institutional level.
Based on a mixed-method qualitative approach, I use semi-structured interviews with a
biographical narrative method and text materials from an exhibition, Ingrians - The forgotten
Finns held at the National Museum of Finland. My purpose in this thesis is to provide an
alternative story to dominant narratives that situate Ingrian Finns in the context of Finnish
cultural and historical homogeneity. Considering mobility as politics of movement,
representations, and practices, I illustrate the experiences and implications of Ingrian Finn's
return migration. The 1990 Koivisto's statement is not necessarily motivated them to stay in
Finland but their temporal conditions and desires shape the return decisions and processes.
Notably, Ingrian Finn's mobility manifests a form of bordering practices, which not only
represent an ideological border between West and East but also the interconnectedness of
social relations concerning nationality, language, class, race, gender, and sexuality. By
incorporating the notion of fragmentation into belonging, I present the way Ingrian Finns live
with the cross-border relations of language, memories, and home. The concept of
fragmentation opens up possibilities for analyzing Ingrian Finns beyond the national borders
and offers an insight into various modes of belonging. In the dominant narratives, Ingrian
Finn's belonging is associated with the feelings of rootlessness and pains, however, my
informants convey a sense of belonging through resistance and closeness to the notion of
Finnishness and Ingrianness, and in-between-ness.
Keywords:
Ingrian Finns, return migration, mobility, belonging, fragmentation, biographical interviews
Date: 03.05.2021
The abstract passed as maturity examination:

Number of pages: 56

1

Introduction
Who are Ingrian Finns? The question was first raised by the Finnish politicians and
legislators in the early 1990s, when the Finnish then-president Mauno Koivisto announced in
a televised interview that Finnish descendants of the former Soviet Union citizens had the
right to return to Finland. Approximately 30,000 people migrated from the former Soviet
Union to Finland as Ingrian Finns' returnees during the return migration program from 1990
to 2011 (Mähönen, Varjonen, Prindiville, Arnold, and Jasinskaja, 2015). On the legislative
level, the Finnish government's concern was how to identify Ingrian Finns' Finnish
background. In the academic context, similar questions were raised by many scholars whose
primary focus was on the discursive analysis on how both institutions and individuals
constructed Ingrian Finns' identity in relation to the notion of Finnishness. In 2020, the
National Museum of Finland held an exhibition concerning Ingrian Finns titled, Ingrians-The
Forgotten Finns with the purpose of sharing a story about Ingrian Finns' identities and
histories not to be forgotten in Finland.
In my thesis, I interview Ingrian Finns with the purpose of further challenge dominant
narratives that locate Ingrian Finns in proximity to Finland or its vicinity. In order to provide
an alternative story to the dominant narratives, this thesis seeks to answer the following
questions:
1)

How and in what conditions did Ingrian Finns experience return migration in
the 1990s?

2)

What does "return" mean for Ingrian Finns, when Finland is not their origin of
country but their ancestral homeland?

3)

How do Ingrian Finns feel a sense of belonging when Finland is not their
origin of country?

The studies of mobility and belonging are relevant to this thesis. Mobility studies provide a
broad approach to understanding various aspects of movements that shape the Ingrian Finns'
return migration. In order to understand their experiences and implications of return, I use
three aspects of Cresswell (2010)'s theory of the politics of mobility: motive force, rhythm,
and friction. Each aspect connects with the following features respectively: temporal and
2

emotional aspects of migration decision-making processes (Collins, 2018), rhythm analysis
(Lefebvre, 2004; Cwerner, 2001), and bordering practices (Keskinen et al., 2018). My study
is important to the Ingrian Finns' communities and researchers because I will provide an
alternative way to understanding Ingrian Finns' identities through language, memories, and
home. I highlight the temporal dimensions of Ingrian Finns' life histories in order to illustrate
their complex and in-between subjectivities and belongings by following the concepts of
belonging (Yuval-Davis, 2006) and fragmentation (Minh-ha, 1990; 1992).
The thesis will begin by the following order: 1) background and previous research; 2)
materials and methodology; 3) theoretical framework; 4-5) two analyses chapters; and 6)
conclusion.

3

1. Background and Previous research
1.1 Historical background of Ingria and Ingria Finns
The population of Ingrian Finns lived on the land of Ingria, which was located between the
shore of the Finnish Gulf and Lake Ladoga (see Fig.1). Historically, Ingria's borderline and
population was shaped and affected by the power relations between Sweden, Finland and
Russia. Constant warfare changed borders and populations in Ingria. After the peace treaty of
Stolbova made in 1617 between Sweden and Russia, an influx of Finnish-speaking and
Lutheran-practicing people started to settle among indigenous people of Ingria in the 17th
century (Zadneprovskaya, 1999). Another dramatical change in the population of Ingria
happened during the Great Northern War from 1700 to 1721, with an influx of Russians that
came in after Russia claimed the land of Ingria. Ingria has remained within the Russian state
since the Great Northern War, and after that continuously as a part of the Russian Empire, the
Russian Socialist Republic within the Soviet Union, and the modern-day Russian Federation.
Ingria of today corresponds roughly to the Russian province of Leningrad Oblast surrounding
the federal city of St. Petersburg (Prindiville, 2015: 16 cited Kurs, 1994: 107-130).
In the nineteenth century through to the early twentieth century, political changes in both
Russia and Finland caused the mass evacuation of Ingrian Finns. From 1941, the German and
Finnish forces operated the 900-day Siege of Leningrad military campaign in Leningrad and
its surroundings (Matley, 1979). As a result, approximately 63,000 Ingrian Finns left for
Finland as refugees, but most of them returned to the Soviet Union at the end of the Second
World War (Anne de Tinguy, 2003). In the Ingrian Finns' return migration, the Second World
War had significant implications for the Finnish governments' view and understanding of the
Ingrian Finns.
In 1990, the Finnish then-president Mauno Koivisto (in office 1982-1994) announced that
Ingrian Finns have the right to return to Finland. On the 10th of April 1990, Koivisto
commented in the televised interview that:
In any case, a situation is that these are Finns who have been transferred to
that area by Swedish authorities. For example, by religion, they are very

4

strongly Lutherans, not Orthodox. So, the criteria of return migration apply to
them even though these families have been living there for a quite long time1
(Koivisto 1990)
In response to the Koivisto's statement, the Finnish Immigrant service defined returnees2 as
below:
[a] person from the former Soviet Union can be granted a residence permit if
the person's nationality is Finnish, that is, he or she is not a Finnish citizen but
is of Finnish origin in terms of ethnic background3
(Prindiville, 2015:12)
The term "ethnic background" is somewhat difficult to define. In order to clarify the
definition of ethnic background, the Finland's main immigration law, the 1991 Aliens Act
4

introduced the qualifications for returnee applicants. Due to the lack of general consensus on

the concept of returnees among the Finnish politicians and legislators, the notion of
Finnishness was rigidly applied to the disccussion on the Ingrian Finns' return migration
program (Prindiville, 2015). Paasi (1996) critically attests that the iconography of
Finnishness has become an ideological boundary that separates Finland from Russia after the
Second World War, drawing the line of demarcation between the capitalist West and the
socialist East. Ingrian Finns returnees' program was no exception for manifesting this
ideological boundary of Finnishness in terms of how Ingrian Finns were identified.

1.2 Previous research on Ingrian Finns
A central theme in the research on Ingrian Finns has been on the institutional level and
examined how Finnish policy makers and politicians constructed the Finnish identity through
the return program. Much of the literature highlights the 1990 Mauno Koivisto's statement of
1 Original excerpt from the Mauno Koivisto interview in Finnish: Joka tapaukessa kysymys on siitä että nämä ovat

Suomalaisia jotka Ruotsin vallan toimesta aikaan on sille aluelle siirretty. Esimerkiksi uskonnolta ne ovat hyvin vahvasti
luterilaisia, elvätka ortodokseja. Niin, että, heihin kyllä soveltuvat nämätakaisin muuttajien kriteerit, vaikka nämä suvut ovat
siellä varsin pitkään eläneet.
2 Both official documents and Finnish media applied the terms paluumuuttaja (returnee) and paluumuutto (return

migration) in regard to migrants with Ingrian Finnish origin (Lyykorpi, 2016).
3 The original text was from Maahanmuuttovirasto, "Persons coming from the Former Soviet Union". However, the text

was removed from the Maahanmuuttovirasto website. The text was cited from Prindiville's (2015) paper.
4 According to Prindiville (2015:136), the 1991 Aliens Act, Section 18 concerned provisions for Ingrian Finns' returnees: A

temporary residence permit may be granted if 1) a close relative of the alien resides in Finland or if the alien has other ties to
Finland; 2) the alien will be studying at an educational institution in Finland and his/her livelihood is secure; 3) the alien
may be granted a work permit, or if his/her income in Finland is otherwise secured, or if; 4) there are compelling
humanitarian reasons or other special reasons for getting license. "Ulkomaalaislaki”, FINLEX Valtion säädöstietopankki,

5

Ingrian Finns' return program and makes it the central starting point for research on the
Ingrian Finns. Previous research shows how Ingrian Finns are aligned closely with the
Finnish government's official views on "Finnishness" in relation to ancestry origin, religion,
language, and memory of wartime (Hakamies, 2004; Kyntäjä, 1997; Mähönen, Varjonen,
Prindiville, Arnold, and Jasinskaja-Lahti, 2015; Prindiville, 2015; Prindiville and Hjelm,
2018; Varjone, Arnold and Jasinskaja-Lahti, 2013). There is an extensive study that
investigates the identity construction from a historical discursive perspective when the return
program existed from 1990 to 2010 (Prindiville, 2015). In the study, Prindiville (2015)
analyses the key components for Finnishness, such as Lutheran religion, historical linkage to
the Swedish Kingdom, and memories of the Second World War fighting against the Soviet.
Another line of research is a longitudinal study on Ingrian Finns' identity construction.
Varjonen, Arnold and Jasinskaja-Lahti (2013) use a discursive psychological approach with
focus group interviews and look at the ways in which Finnish identities were constructed
over the course of pre- and post-migration from Russia to Finland. Along similar lines, a
study from 2015 adopts a multilevel discursive identity construction approach to analyze the
identity markers of Finnishness at institutional, community and interpersonal levels of text
and talk (Mähönen, Varjonen, Prindiville, Arnold, and Jasinskaja-Lahti (2015).
There is a tendency in previous research to frame the question of Ingrian Finns within the
nationalistic context. To be able to open up for alternative frames, I have used the theoretical
framework and concepts of the politics of mobility (Cresswell, 2010), belonging
(Yuval-Davis, 2006) and fragmentation (Minh-ha, 1990). In this way I hope to be able to
show Ingrian Finns' complexities and experience of being in-between and beyond
nationalism. Amelina and Faist (2012) criticize an epistemological approach to migrants
where they are only viewed from a nation-state-centered perspective. By the same token,
there is an increasing criticism concerning migration researchers claiming that they assume
that the nation-state is the natural social and political form of the modern world (Çaglar, 2016,
Çaglar and Glick Schiller, 2018; Glich Schiller and Wimmer, 2003). In my thesis, I interview
Ingrian Finns with the aim of further challenge dominant narratives that locate Ingrian Finns
of cultural proximity to Finland or in its vicinity.
Drawing on Yalaz and Zapata-Barrero's (2018) proposals of qualitative migration research
6

design, my research takes into account multiple identities of migrants rather than reducing
them only to their ethnic/national origin. With this in mind, I think of places as constructed
out of social relations in which different individuals experience and interpret the world
differently (Massey, 1994), depending on their gender, ethnicity, race, class, and any other
form of social divisions. Thinking of places as social relations will help me to avoid the
nation-state-centered view. In my analysis I look for various forms of emotions and
attachments involved across the social relations as well as how multiple subjectivities are
lived and practiced through everyday lives.

1.3 Previous research on return migration studies
In previous research on Ingrian Finns, various understandings and conceptualizations of
"return" has not been discussed. The lack of a clear definition of the concept "return" makes it
difficult for national immigration statistics or censuses to keep a precise record of returnees
and its numbers are often unknown or unidentified (Battistella, 2018; Smith, 2003). What
complicates the understandings of return stems from its different conceptual approaches to
how return has been defined in terms of who returns when, where, why and whether return is
voluntary or forced (Battistella, 2018; Black et al., 2004; Cassarino, 2004; Carling and Collin,
2018; Cerase, 1974; Hagan and Wassink, 2020; Kuschminder, 2017).
Hagan and Wassink (2020) identify two different perspectives of return migration studies: the
economic sociology of return and the political sociology of return. The first perspective
examines the outcome of how time spent acquiring skills and financial capital abroad affects
one's socio-economic mobility upon returning home. Labor migrants and international
students are a good example of this. Return occurs as a consequence of experience when
one's objectives are achieved or unsuccessful in a host country, assuming that one's
movement is pre-determined, voluntary, and freedom of choice (Cassarino, 2004, Hagan and
Wassink, 2020). The political sociology of return examines how state and institutional actors
control and manage a group of migrants who are denied entry or residency in countries of
arrival. The political sociology of return focuses on return experiences of deportees, rejected
asylum seekers, and other migrants forced home by states of arrival and settlement (Hagan
and Wassink, 2020). In this context, return is considered from the perspective of whether
migrants have the right to remain in their host countries or not (Binaisa, 2011; Ho, 2016;
7

Vathi and King, 2011). With the increasing numbers of people without a legal status coming
to Europe from post-conflict countries in the 1990s, 'sustainable return' was conceptualized as
a means of assisting unwanted migrants to send them back home with "a cheaper and more
humane alternative" to forced removals (Kuschminder, 2017). When socio-economic status
and fear of violence is no longer at risk in a country of origin, individual's sustainable return
is secured to integrate (Black et al., 2004).
I consider return migration as having a spectrum of experiences in both economic and
political sociology of return. Moreover, it is essential to acknowledge subjectivity in a way
that migrants make sense of their relation to the world before categorizing migrants'
experiences into economic-political, forced-voluntary or skilled-unskilled dichotomies.
Another discussion on return migration is the implications of return migration policies. For
instance, Tsuda (2010) examines a phenomenon of 'ethnic return migration' policies that
encourage a country's descendants born abroad to return home. According to Tsuda (2010),
ethnic return migration is a solution to what is seen as the "immigration dilemma"(Tsuda,
2010: 617-618) as it provides a much-needed unskilled labor force without causing the
national unity and social stability because ethnic return individuals are co-ethnic descendants.
There are clear similarities here to how the return migration of the Ingrian Finns was framed.
In the early 1990s, Finland faced a labor shortage due to the economic downturn and the
Finnish government considered that Ingrian Finns' returnees would sustain the Finnish labor
force. Tsuda (2010) states that ethnic return migrants are more likely culturally foreign than
expected, they disrupt the presumption that they would fit racialized conceptions of
ethnonational identity and belonging. The same goes for the Ingrian Finns' return migration.
The Finnish government gave its concern that Ingrian Finns did not identify themselves as
strong as they initially expected (Prindiville, 2015) and they end the program in 2010. As
Tsuda (2010: 634) predicted, ethnic return migrants are more likely to face restrictions like
ordinary immigrants. In such a situation, what are differences between returnees and
immigrants?
Smith (2003) critically analyses the distinction between repatriate and immigrant, suggesting
the seemingly different figures contain more nuanced implications. According to Smith
(2003), viewing immigrants as foreigners and repatriates as nationals returning home aims to
locate every individual to only one place and distinguishing citizens from non-citizens in a
8

national-territorial sense. Smith calls the distinction "national order of things" by referring to
Malkki (1995: 517). Smith asks whether repatriates and immigrants are really so different if
we moved beyond the nation-state vantage point (Smith, 2003: 19). Thus, as stated earlier,
the nation-state vantage point limits our possibilities to see returnees in a broader perspective
that is not necessarily tied to national identity. In order to broaden the perspective, my
research wants to highlight individuals' experiences that also take into account the role of
race, class, gender and sexuality.
This thesis intends to bring Ingrian Finns' perspectives into the study of return migration by
examining how Ingrian Finns talk about their own experiences of return. A starting point for
my research is to focus on Ingrian Finns' narratives. According to Ludvig (2006: 249), "how
individuals perceive or conceive an event would therefore vary according to how individuals
are culturally constructed, what they identify themselves with and/or differentiate themselves
from". From the empirical point of view, return migration subjects cannot be easily
distinguished and pre-assumed. This opens outward to a possibility to blur boundaries
between different categorizations of migrants who are seen as having complete agency over
their migration decision or being disenfranchised, as well as different implications of return;
economic/political and voluntary/forced dichotomy. Drawing upon feminist migration
scholarship, my research will show in what ways Ingrian Finns' return migration is
"constituted through a range of intersecting, sometimes competing forces and processes"
(Silvery, 2004: 499). I will also show, through a discussion and analysis of my interview
material, in what ways Ingrian Finns' subjectivities in migration could be understood, rather
than viewing Ingrian Finns as a socially fixed category. Moreover, my research sheds light on
how gender relations facilitate or constrain both women's and men's experience in Ingrian
Finns' return migration.

9

2. Materials and methodology
2.1 Materials
I interviewed seven participants over a period of two months (from October 2020 to
December 2020). The interviews lasted from 45 minutes to 2.5 hours and the place was
selected by the participants' preference and they often chose their own house or apartment.
During the interview, most of the interviewees used Finnish. Some of them used a mix of
Finnish and Russian. Because of my very limited knowledge in Finnish and Russian language,
I decided to ask my partner to participate in my research as a translator. I call him Antti. He is
himself an Ingrian Finn and he has the ability to communicate in Finnish, Russian and
English. He was involved in the research process of interviewing, translation and
transcription. Further implications of choosing one's own partner as a translator will be
discussed in the following ethical consideration's section. All of the research participants in
this thesis know each other very well and they were found through Antti and his parents.
Borrowing Kydd-Williams's term (2019: 426), Antti was a "Gatekeeper" who is credible and
trusted in the community that I wished to access and he also had the ability to introduce me to
potential interviewees. I gained access to interviewing his parents and their distant relatives
who migrated to Finland in the 1990s. Antti's role was crucial, especially when conducting
research outside of my country along with having a limited timescale for my master's thesis. I
also have to mention here that the COVID-19 pandemic affected the way my interview
material was collected. For instance, one of my interviewees, Senja chose to answer my
interview questions by email because her employer asked her to avoid any contact with
people outside of her workplace and home.
The interviewees' age ranged from 50 to approximately 60 year of age. This thesis consists of
the following informants: two couples of Aino and Pekka (Antti's parents), and Teijo and
Kaarina; and Teijo's sister, Milla; Juho; and Finnish-born Ingrian Senja. Six out of seven
interviewees are from the same village called Tervolovo, which is located 50 km southwest of
St. Peterburg in Russia. They all moved to Finland from 1990 to 1991 when they were in
their late 20s or early 30s. One interviewee, Senja was born and grew up in Finland but her
mother was also from Tervolovo and moved to Finland in the 1960s. In my thesis, I did not
include her texts due to the fact that she is not a returnee. However, I consider her parents for
playing an important role in supporting my informants' migration settlement, ranging from
10

finding an apartment to teaching practical issues, such as opening a bank account. I also have
to mention that I include Kaarina's narratives very less because Kaarina briefly joined in the
interview with her husband Teijo. All the interviewees have lived in Rauma, which is located
92 km north of Turku. Rauma is known as an industrial city of shipbuilding, paper and pulp
mills, metal, and nuclear power plant. The industrial developments in Rauma are also tightly
connected with the interviewees' migration processes.
One of materials used in this thesis includes a booklet5 I received from an exhibition,
Ingrians-The Forgotten Finns held at the National Museum of Finland between the 24th of
January to the 19th of April in 2020 (see Fig.2). The exhibition script was written by Santeri
Pakkanen and Lea Pakkanen. They are father and daughter and they both journalists who
came to Finland as Ingrian Finns' returnees6. The purpose of the exhibition was to portray
identities and histories of Ingrian Finns and spotlight the importance of their collective
memories (see Pakkanen, 2020; The National Museum of Finland website7). Below is an
extract from the text:
The past is not real. It is life we have left behind, without its smells, colours or
the humming of trees. Still it evokes emotions. When half of the nation has
been destroyed, its land, language and history has been taken and the only
response is silence, the past turns into anxiety. Our Ingrian parents wanted to
protect us by hiding from the horrors they experienced in Stalin's purges.
However, the burden of the past, then pent-up pain and anxiety were passed on
to their children, who were left with feelings of rootlessness, of not belonging,
and questions without answers. This exhibition aims at providing an answer.
Pakkanen (2020:
48)
In the text, Pakkanen (2020) emphasizes what the fact that the histories and identities of
Ingrian Finns are forgotten in Finland. In chapter 5, I will discuss an interesting contrast in
Pakkanen's and my informants' narratives.

5 The online booklet for Ingrians-The Forgotten Finns
6 Regarding the collection of materials for the exhibition, Santeri and Lea Pakkanen, and Meeri Koutaniemi, a

photographer and documentarist contributed. They went to St. Petersburg, Sakh, and Central Siberia in 2017, 2018 and 2019
(see Pakkanen, 2020: 5)
7 The website for the exhibition of Ingrians-The Forgotten Finns

11

2.2 Interviewing, translations and methodology
I used a mixed-method qualitative approach involving biographical-narrative and
semi-structured interviews. As for the method narrative interviews not only reveal what
people have experienced, but also how they construct themselves in narratives and describe
who they are through telling of stories about their life (Temple, 2001).
My interview questions began with asking about their childhood, such as what they were like
as a child in Tervolovo, what child activities they enjoyed, who their best friends were and so
forth. These questions might be irrelevant to my final research topic but they gave me insight
into how they see self and other, individual and groups depending on their life stages (see
Sclater, 1998). The narrative approach suggests that people do not choose the social category
to which they belong without reservation, but they choose to present themselves in particular
ways on specific occasions (Temple, 2001: 398). I noticed that the narrative approach also
helps me to avoid making certain assumptions about interviewees' social category. For
instance, when one of my informants talked about her childhood experience of being bullied
in Tervolvo, I immediately assumed it was because of her ethnicity. However, my initial
assumption became questionable when she said: "Ingrianness was used against as a small
extra." Because of the school hierarchy of "the most popular, beautiful and brave" people on
the top, she was bullied because her quietness and non-assertiveness had put her "in the far
corner" of the hierarchy. Her narrative gave me a moment of self-reflection during the
interview and I felt ashamed that I had projected my assumption onto her. Temple (2001)
suggests the possibilities in narratives that locate individual standpoints or identities within
social groups. By examining ways of being in the world (ontological questions) and ways in
which accounts are produced (epistemological questions), narratives can be used to address
the political, social, and material conditions under which accounts are produced (Temple,
2001: 397).
How participants' narratives are produced in the research process should be acknowledged
here and it is an important epistemological and methodological consideration especially when
a researcher is working with a translator. In what follows, I define the act of 'translation.' All
too often, the process of translation is considered a product of language equivalence; however,
many show that it is more complex than simply translating words from one language to
another (Bämberg and Dahlberg, 2013; Temple, 2002; Temple and Edwards, 2002; Tietz,
12

Tansley and Helinek, 2017; Wong and Poon, 2010). I follow the understanding of Sherry
Simon (1996) who suggests that it is not a matter of finding equivalence of words and
meaning but:
Translators must constantly make decisions about the cultural meanings which
language carries, and evaluate the degree to which the two different worlds
they inhibit are 'the same.' (...) In fact the process of meaning transfer has less
to do with finding the cultural inscription of a term than in reconstruction its
value.
(Simon, 1996: 130-1)
Thus, translation work is "the production of social realities" (Tiez, Tansley and Helinek,
2017: 166) which includes "culturally and historically situated sense-making" (Tiez, Tansley
and Helinek, 2017: 152). This means it is crucial to recognize the positionality of researchers
and translators that can affect the process of translation. When English is not researchers' and
translators' first language, it is essential to be aware of the fact that how translators make
sense affects the way researchers understand. Thus, I decided to have Antti involved in the
research setting of the research from the outset, such as sharing my preliminary interview
questions and how I want to facilitate interviews, and ask comments for my thesis draft.
While he was transcribing the recorded interviews in Finnish and translating them into
English, I noticed that he started explaining the choices of words interviewees made and why
he chose to translate the words in a way that I could make sense. I did not ask him but from
what I have observed, his lived experiences of having studied and worked in different
countries and continuously working with people from culturally different backgrounds in
Finland, he was more aware of issues involved in differences in understandings of words,
concepts and worldviews across different languages.
Because of my language barriers to communication in both Finnish and Russian, I am
dependent on Antti's ability to translate and speak the languages for me. If I was a
self-sufficient and multi-lingual researcher, I could have stopped and thought about meanings
while conducting interviews. However, this was difficult when the choice of when and how
to translate was determined by him. During the interview, I experienced the moments of
feeling lost, confusion and awkwardness. Sometimes his translation work blocked the flow of
conversation with interviewees making it unsmooth but at the same time, stimulated a trace
of participants' memory and they started talking about related topics before I moved on to the
next questions. Since translation took much time of the interviewing, I had to ask him to
13

summarize what the participants talked in order to manage time. As a result, there were
moments that I could not connect the dots, but I let the conversation proceed and I hoped that
I would understand the whole picture after reading the transcriptions. As we worked together
on my thesis I came to understand that he was not just a partner who was helping my thesis
but a co-researcher. In the following section, ethical considerations will be discussed.

2.3 Ethical considerations
2.3.1 Informed consent: Consenting to what?
Following Miller and Bell (2014: 2), I consider "consent as ongoing and renegotiated
between researcher and researched throughout the research process." Initially I decided to ask
consent for three steps through different steps of the research process: interviewing,
analyzing participant's narratives, and reading the thesis draft. Due to the limited time of the
research process, I could not fulfill the last step, but I notified my informants that I will send
them my final thesis paper if needed. I accessed to potential interviewees through Antti or his
parents. After I gained permission from the informants for the interviews, I asked Antti to
contact them and set the interview dates. Before the interviews, I obtained verbal consent to
interviewing, recording, transcribing, analyzing, and publishing from each informant. After
having transcribed, Antti and I asked each informant whether they wanted to read and check
the transcribed interview texts. The transcriptions were sent to informants via email and I
asked them if there are needed to be correct or edit. I have changed my informants' name for
the purpose of anonymizing them.

2.3.2 Insider/outsider positions
I have conducted research outside of my country of origin. In Finland, I am a non-EU student
and migrant. In that sense, I am an outsider. At the same time I am a quasi-insider due to the
fact that my research topic is about the community to which I am related by marriage. On the
one hand, there are some things that could relate to female informants, such as gaining
independence from parents after moving to Finland. On the other hand, I acknowledge that
our migrant status are not the same because our experiences are shaped differently on the
basis of social categories, such as nationality, race, class, gender, education, and citizenship
14

status.
Both my and Antti's role was shaped through interactions in a particular situations and
contexts, and our roles were neither fixed nor static. In the beginning of my research, I took
his insider position for granted, assuming that he knew all about his roots and family history
from the inside. But then as I started sharing what I had learned about Ingrian Finns, there
were some things that he did not acknowledge or that he had never thought of. According to
Bruskin (2019), it would be useful to consider the role of insider and outsider as fluid rather
than as a priori categorization and it is crucial to discuss what practical consequences being
either an insider or outsider has for researchers.
As for the case of this research, the intimacy I have built with Antti's parents along with his
insider position has enabled my informants to talk freely during the interviews. A situation
where his mother talked about how she wants to live the rest of her life, I shifted my position
from a researcher to a daughter-in-law while I was listening to her future retirement. Antti's
insider position affected in a way that some interviewee was withholding information with
the following phrase: "I guess your parents know better than me". Lentin and Bousetta (2006:
11) states that when there is a wide base of shared knowledge between the interviewer and a
respondent, the latter is less inclined to provide in-depth answers, assuming that a great deal
of information is already known. This is also true for translators when they are researched
participants.

15

3. Theoretical framework
3.1 The Politics of Mobility
The concept of mobility problematizes an approach that treats places as stable with an aim of
going beyond the fixed notion of places (Hannam, Sheller, and Urry, 2006). Many migration
studies, despite an attention to movement, privileged a sedentary norm of being settled in
place (Halfacree, 2012; Urry, 2007). The idea of permanent migration seems increasingly to
become an implicit assumption in the understanding of migration processes. Migration
studies often interpret time as linear and relatively compartmentalized and understands
migration as something that one can break up into pre-migration, migration, and then either
settlement or return (Carling and Collins, 2018: 913-914). Thus, migratory flows are
understood as linear and clean-cut movements from origin to destination. Migration is deeply
tied to places, based on the understanding that one place pushes people out and another place
pulls people in (Cresswell, 2010; Hui, 2016; Urry, 2007). Instead of emphasizing settlement
in place, the concept of mobility conceptualizes places as a spatial dimension constructed
through the multiplicity of social relations (Cresswell, 2010; Massey, 1994).
Several feminists have criticized the concept of mobility as a marker of "bourgeois masculine
subjectivity." They argue that mobility is predicated upon individuals who are able to move
freely from one place to another without any obstacles (Ahmed, 2014; Kaplan, 2005; Skegg,
2003). Taking the feminist critique of mobility into account, I consider Cresswell's (2010)
concept of the politics of mobility as a way to broaden our understanding of the
interconnectedness between one's subjectivity and one's experience of migration. Cresswell
defines the politics of mobility as follows:
By the politics of mobility I mean the ways in which mobilities are both
productive of such social relations and produced by them. Social relations are
of course complicated and diverse. They include relations between classes,
genders, ethnicities, nationalities, and religious groups. (Cresswell, 2010: 21)
By highlighting the interconnectedness of social relations, Coresswell's concept opens up
ways to understand how the cause and effect of power relations concerning class, gender,
ethnicity, nationality, and religion that shape one's mobility. Considering how these relations
shape Ingrian Finns' return migration is important because there is very little reflection on
16

these issues in previous research. In my research, I regard Ingrian Finns as social actors
whose experience of return migration expands beyond the scale of national borders so that
Ingrian Finns' multiple subjectivities and cross-border social relations can be acknowledged
(see Çaglar, 2016; Çaglar and Glick Schiller, 2018).
Cresswell (2010) suggests three different aspects of mobilities that one can study: 1) physical
movement (i.e.Who moves furthest? Who moves fastest? Who moves most often?); 2)
representation of movement (i.e. How is mobility discursively constituted? What narratives
have been constructed about mobility? How are mobilities represented?); 3) embodied
practice of movement (i.e. How is mobility experienced? Is it forced or free?). In the case of
the Ingrian Finns' return migration, the Finnish government played a central role in
constructing the meaning of "returnees" through various representations concerning the return
migration. Thus, the dominant narratives of Ingrian Finns' return migration were constructed
through particular national institutions. In my work, I take Ingrian Finns' narratives as a
starting point to understand how and in what conditions the return migration was actually
experienced. In my empirical study of Ingrian Finns' return migration, I use three aspects of
Cresswell's (2010) theory of the politics of mobility. These are: motive force, rhythm, and
friction. In the following section, I will further discuss how these aspects are helpful in a
study of Ingrian Finns' return migration.
Motive force helps us to understand how mobility is instigated. It is tightly connected with
the aspect concerning the infrastructure of transportation and technology as well as rules and
regulations of law that forces or sets one's movement in motion (Cresswell, 2010). In my
research, I want to add an emotional and psychological aspect to the understanding of what
sets movement in motion. Collins (2018: 965) conceptualizes this as "desire as a social force"
and I will include the role of this aspect in the Ingrian Finns' migration. According to Collins
(2018: 966), one's migration decision-making involves the combination of strategic planning
and opportunism in order to achieve or avoid (un) desirable futures. The 1990 Koivisto's
statement is considered to be a major motive force for Ingrian Finns in making their return
possible. Collin's (2018) concept of desire as a social force enables us to rethink what
motivated Ingrian Finns to return by emcompasing their decision-making process in relation
to migration.
The term rhythm draws upon Lefebvre's (2004) rhythm analysis and is a measure of time
17

governed by social order and historical periods that in turn contradict one's lived and
embodied rhythm (Cresswell, 2001). According to Cwerner (2001), different temporal
references (i.e. calendar, memories, history) and the different pace of daily activities create
particular forms of resistance and opposition in migrants' lives. It is crucial to consider the
rhythmical features produced by Ingrian Finns' returnees as a constitutive element of their
return experiences that are imbued with different meanings, memories, and belongings.
Cresswell (2001: 26) understands the term friction as an aspect that stops mobility. Friction
can be investigated by asking questions such as, "when and how does mobility stop?" In my
thesis, the concept of friction is twofold: friction is found in various bordering practices that
control the everyday lives of Ingrian Finns; it is also a form of ethnic profiling that slows
down or suspends Ingrian Finns' mobility. The first form of friction highlights social relations
that are involved on a personal level. The notion of friction enables us to study how mobility
is constructed and understood by Ingrian Finns in their everyday encounters.
With the help of the elements of motive force, rhythm, and friction, my research is to provide
an alternative story to the nationalistic discourse produced by the Finnish politicians and
legislators.

3.2 Belonging and fragmentation
The idea of belonging has been a tool for immigration and citizenship policymakers to
examine how individuals can access membership in a nation-state. Several researchers
criticize the view of belonging because it obscures the fact that people can actually belong in
many different ways (Block, 2016; Ellermann, 2019; Yuval-Davis, 2006; Yuval-Daivis,
Anthias, and Kofman, 2006). Thus, belonging should not be contextualized as the
demarcation of which individuals can be included and excluded in the political community
(Block, 2016). As for the case of Ingrian Finns' belonging, previous research discusses the
extent to which belonging is considered to be identity markers of Finnishness for Ingrian
Finns (Mähönen, Varjonen, Prindiville, Arnold, and Jasinskaja-Lahti, 2015; Prindiville, 2015;
Prindiville and Hjelm, 2017). The Finnish government used two central markers of Finnish
identity to exclude Ingrian Finns' returnees at the end of the return program (Mähönen,
Varjonen, Prindiville, Arnold, and Jasinskaja-Lahti, 2015). However, there is a limitation to
18

understanding various forms of Ingrian Finns' belonging when the identity markers of
Finnishness are essentialized.
In order to illustrate more nuanced and in-between forms of Ingrian Finns' belonging, I draw
on Yuval-Davis's (2006) notion of belonging. Her concept of belonging is grounded in the
idea that "belonging is also about the emotions created through how individuals feel about
their different positionings and their different location" from which how they narrate, in terms
of gender, class, stage in the life cycle, etc. even in relation to the same community
(Yuval-Davis, Anthias, and Kofman, 2005: 521-523). I consider Yuval-Davis's (2006) concept
of belonging as a way to situate Ingrian Finns' narratives according to the way they see
themselves and others without essentializing their subjectivities.
Yuval-Davis's (2006: 199) separates three different levels of belonging analytically: the first
level concerns social locations: the second relates to individuals' identifications and
emotional attachments to various collectivities and groundings: the third relates to ethical and
political value systems with which people judge their own and others' belonging/s'. In my
thesis, I explore how the first level, the social locations of Ingrian Finns relate to the second
level of emotional investments and attachments, in particular, to home. According to Ahmed
(1999: 341), home is sentimentalized as a space of belonging. For Ingrian Finns, Finland is
not their origin of country, but their ancestral homeland. The concept of belonging is helpful
in Ingrian Finns' studies to understand the extent to which home they feel belong.
To further contextualize the framework of belonging (Yuval-Daivis, 2006), I used the concept
of fragmentation proposed by a filmmaker and writer, Trinh Minh-ha (1990; 1992). In the
following text, she explains the notion of fragmentation in connection with her life spent in
Vietnam and the United States. Fragmentation is:
a way of living with differences without turning [differences] into opposites,
[without] trying to assimilate [differences] out of insecurity. Since the self is
not so much a core as a process, one finds oneself, in the context of cultural
hybridity, always pushing one's questioning of oneself to the limit of what one
is and what one is not. When am I Vietnamese? When am I American? Which
language should I speak, which is closest to myself, and when is that language
more adequate than another? By working one's limits, one has the potential to
modify them. Fragmentation is therefore a way of living at the borders.
(Minh-ha, 1990: 72)
19

The difference becomes a key term within the concept of fragmentation. For Minh-ha, the
difference does not mean uniqueness or special identity, but a "way of living at the borders",
which means recognize differences that distinguish oneself from another (Minh-ha, 1989).
Fragmentation is helpful to open up possibilities for multiple forms of Ingrian Finns'
belonging by incorporating the reflexive questions of when, where, and how belonging can
be acknowledged.

20

4. Rhythm and Friction: temporal reflectivity in politics of mobility
In this chapter, the focus is on how Ingrian Finns experienced the return migration process by
examining three aspects of Cresswell's (2010) theory of the politics of mobility: motive force,
rhythm, and friction. In the first sections, I illustrate what motivated Ingrian Finns to return to
Finland and how the decision-making processes were made. The next section focuses on
Ingrian Finns' temporality and rhythm and analyzes how these were practiced in Finland. The
last section particularly examines various forms of friction concerning bordering practices
and ethnic profiling.

4.1 Temporality and desire as motive force
This section sets out to question what instigated Ingrian Finns' return migration under what
conditions and how the process went. With much literature on Ingrian Finns' return migration
very little further reflection on how individuals' experiences of return actually took place. My
informants came first came to Finland on a guest invitation visa (vierailukutsu), which only
granted permission to visit his relatives for one month. A story begins by Teijo:
I moved to Finland after Mauno Koivisto's speech. Inkerin-Liitto always had
some news about what's happening in Europe. Russia was still the Soviet
Union when I moved to Finland. Things started to change when Mauno had
his speech. So I went to buy a car in Finland and asking for some work at the
same time. After I headed towards the shipyard in Rauma, there was an open
position for a construction cleaner. It was only short-term work for one week.
A manager at the shipyard asked me if I was interested in metal skills. It was
what I had learned in the village. He asked me if I wanted to start working. Of
course, I wanted. But I did not have the courage to enter the course alone. I
had told the manager that I will tell my friends about this opportunity and we
will think about it together. I could have stayed and entered there right away
but I needed to visit back home. I went back home and I talked about this with
my best friends, Pekka and Juho.
The text shows the Mauno Koivisto's speech was what made Teijo decide to go to Finland.
However, his main purposes include the aspects of strategy and desire for finding a job and
buying a car in Finland, which I consider as a part of "desire as social force" (Collins,
2018:965). According to Teijo, there had always been an opportunity for Ingrian Finns to find
a job in Russia through Pietarin Inkerin-Liitto (the St. Petersburg Society of Ingrian Finns),
where Finnish employers provided short-term or seasonal jobs (i.e. picking strawberries).
Instead of searching for work through the association, he decided to find a long-term job by
21

himself, and Rauma was the first place where he saw the potential prospect of jobs. At Teijo's
suggestion, Pekka and Juho decided to go to Rauma. The next extract is from Pekka:
I left the village because big changes started to happen in Russia. It was Teijo's
idea to go asking for work in Finland. But I thought that the work would be a
fixed contract. I did not have solid information about whether we could live in
Finland. I was certain that the work would not continue a long time and I
would be deported back to Russia. After Teijo, Juho, and I arrived at Rauma
and went to the shipyard to discuss the training program and work. When the
shipyard accepted us, we went back to the village and quit our jobs.
Big changes refer to the early 1990s, the former Soviet Union had started its transition to the
Russian Federation. Many interviewees recounted the collapse of the Soviet Union as a
significant event before moving to Finland. The above text shows times of uncertainty in both
Russia and Finland subjected Pekka to forms of temporal conditions that create a sense of
uncertainty for the future. According to Griffiths, Rogers, and Anderson (2013: 28),
unpredictability and uncertainty in migration process can be understood as a form of
disjuncture, in which an individual feels outside of the normal flow of time of mainstream
society. As Pekka recounts in the above text, he imagined the undesirable outcome of being
sent back home to Russia, but at the same time, he negotiated the worst-case scenario by
keeping his job back in their home country. The fact that Teijo, Juho, and Pekka had
one-month visa condition opportunities for employment, as Juho states: " I only came to
Finland to search some work to earn a bit money in Finland."
Mauno Koivisto's statement is not necessarily the starting point for my informants to
returning to Finland except Teijo. Because of the different temporality, they experienced in
Russia, the collapse of the Soviet Union has a significant meaning for the motive force.
Despite the category of "returnee" associated with Ingrian Finns, Mauno Koivisto's statement
was not determined by my informants' settlement immediately after moving to Finland.
Because of the lack of consensus in the concept of a returnee among the Finnish politicians,
my informants had less access to "solid information" about whether my informants could
actually live in Finland in the beginning. For Teijo, Pekka Juho, having a sense of uncertainty
around the future made it impossible for them to think of staying permanently in Finland
from the beginning.

22

4.2 Rhythm as waiting and stillness in returnees' narratives
This section examines aspects of waiting and stillness in Ingrian Finns' return migration
processes. According to Creswell (2014: 648), waiting and stillness can be part of an inquiry
into the politics of mobility because it provides an insight into further reflection on
immobility. Times of waitings are essential for migrants' experiences. Public services and
bureaucratic procedures mark migrants by different tempos based on immigration law
(Griffiths, Rogers, and Anderson, 2013; Cwerner, 2001) The excerpt below illustrates a form
of waiting that creates rhythms as a result of migration control. Pekka says:
When Teijo, Juho, and I entered the vocational school through the shipyard [in
Rauma], and the courses started on the 21st of January 1991. We visited a
police station and they granted us permission to stay longer in Finland. We
repeated this almost every month and they always renewed our visa. After
three months, they granted us longer-term permission. We also asked whether
I could bring our families here. The permission was granted. My family
moved to Finland on the 3rd of May 1991.
The text shows how the temporal condition created the rhythm in renewing a visa status
every month and also affected the choice of whether to settle or return home at several
moments in their lifetime. Bauböck (2011: 670) points out that subjective intentions of
migrants about the length of their stay frequently change over time and can then conflict with
non-corresponding expectations in the wider society about their departure. This was also my
initial expectation concerning my interviewees whose decision-making on settlement must
have occurred at a singular moment and that their decision was already made before
departure. However, the analytical lens of waiting has enabled me to rethink migratory
processes as being "much more temporally distributed" (Carling and Collins, 2018: 913-914).
The following paragraph discusses other forms of temporal conditions in relation to waiting
and stillness experienced by Aino. Aino waited for the moment to join her husband, Pekka in
Finland. Her mode of waiting suggests a "productive notion of waiting and subjectivity"
(Gray, 2011: 429). Aino says:
I asked a friend to bring dishes to Pekka. (...) I just thought that it would be
easier for our household if the dishes were already here before moving to
Finland. Then I sent some Russian food supplies for Pekka so that he could
save money on food expenses. I packed basic food such as porridge. Pekka

23

always thanked me but also added that we already had fine food here and
showed me good coffee. Well, I just wanted to save their money.
In the text, waiting illustrates a "mode of hope to work towards an outcome, or life plan" as
well as a mode of gendered expectations and familial household arrangements (Gray, 2011:
429). In migration studies, waiting is considered to be a wasted moment or a kind of
emptiness and inactivity (Cresswell, 2014), however, this section demonstrates that waiting
could be an analytical lens that offers an insight into Ingrian Finns' return experiences and
processes.

4.3 Rhythm in everyday lives
This section is to focus on the aspect of rhythm in the everyday lives of Ingrian Finns.
According to Lefebvre (2004: 15), everywhere where there is an interaction between a place,
a time, and an expenditure of energy, there is rhythm. Rhythm also produces modes of
belonging in which time can be thought of as a "homogenous present or presence" (Bastian,
2011: 153). For instance, celebrating and enjoying holidays and social gatherings can resume
its familiar paces, timings, sequences, and durations (Cwerner, 2001). The interview text
illustrates a form of rhythm. Teijo says:
Time passes so fast. When we moved to Rauma Pekka, Juho, and I bought
[our own] houses eventually and the kids went to school so that they wouldn't
have different lives from Finnish children. Then you just count time and wait
May Day - Christmas - May Day - Christmas. Life goes on so fast.
The text shows a repetitive cycle of May Day and Christmas as what Griffiths, Rogers, and
Anderson (2013: 30) call "synchronicity", which creates "national bonds" and attempts to
"integrate and coordinate industrial, cultural and natural' times." In the text, the repetitiveness
creates a familiar space for both Teijo and his kids and the mode of belonging to Finland.
Rhythm also generates dissonances that are unaccustomed to one's way of belonging. Some
interviewees stated the temporal differences between Finland and Russia in relation to
communication styles and social norms and values. For example, Juho associated Finnishness
with a calm and slow pace of movement and conversation in comparison to a "fast and hard
rhythm of life" in Russia. Along similar lines, Aino describes:

24

energetic conversations with an open-hearted temperament [is at the core of
Russianness but] everything will bounce back [when approaching to Finnish
people, because] they don't warm up to you [so you] cannot befriend them
fast.
The pace of interactions was also described in the manner of what accepted social norms are
there in both Finland and Russia. As Aino explained "Finns are scheduled people" in contrast
to Russian people whom "you can visit without worrying about time". Teijo also points out in
a similar way that "you have to notify them that you're coming beforehand". Place-based
rhythms and temporal systems are constantly shaped by a set of values, symbols, and
meanings (Adam, 1990). They are also elements for my informants to understand the
meaning of Finnishness and Russianness constructed through rhythm and temporality.

4.4 Friction
In this section, I pay attention to friction of mobility. The politics of friction is embeded in
various migration control and border regimes (Cresswell, 2010). With an increasing
immigration and border controls stricter in the EU, particular subjects are seen as a threat (De
Genova, 2016; Yıldız and De Genova, 2018). I argue that friction is not only about various
bordering practices that control the everyday lives of Ingrian Finns, but also a form of ethnic
profiling that slows down or suspends Ingrian Finns' mobility. In my thesis I define ethnic
profiling as "selective and targeted control acts that are based on assumptions of an
individual's belonging to a racial, ethnic, religious or national minority group, and mainly
performed by public or private security personnel" (Keskinen et al., 2018: 3). What follows in
this section, I illustrate various kinds of friction and how friction is experienced and dealt
with by interviewees.

4.4.1 Friction as bordering: nationality, class, gender, race and sexuality
This section looks to bordering processes that my informants encountered in their everyday
lives. Bordering practices invite our attention to the pervasiveness of mobility control also
within these borders and to its complex societal consequences (Tervonen, Pallander, and
Yuval-Davis, 2018: 140, Yuval-Davis, Wemyss and Cassidy, 2018; 2019). According to
Leinonen (2017), the borderline between Finland and Russia plays a key role in
25

understanding Finland's relationship to the East and the West in relation to race, gender, class,
and sexuality. In what follows, I present various bordering practices that involve the role of
nationality, race, gender, class, and sexuality and how bordering practices were understood by
Ingrian Finns in their everyday encounters.
An example of bordering practices in relation to social categories is illustrated by Iida in the
text:
If people don't know that I'm Ingrian, they usually think I'm Estonian. (...) If
you tell Finnish people that you're from Russia they will get the image that
you're an import-wife, like you're here just for getting married to a Finnish guy.
When people saw me as Estonian I thought I had to explain who I am, but
later on, I noticed that people don't see where the border goes. I don't care to
explain about myself afterward.
The word import-wife illustrates how Russian women are represented and portrayed. The
assumption of Russian women is classed, racialized, and sexualized. The stereotype of
Russian women as fortune hunters is persistent in Finland (Leinonen, 2012 cited in Jerman
2009:99, Reuter and Kyntäjä 2006, and Urponen, 2008; Leinonen, (2017); Krivonos, 2020).
The implication of fortune hunters is tied to class status because it rests on an assumption of
their materially deprived lives, where the real motive for marrying a Finnish man is to escape
from the Soviet Union or the Eastern Europe (Leinonen, 2017; Sverdljuk, 2009). According
to Krivonos (2020: 393), since the collapse of the socialist regime, post-socialist subjects
have been representatives of failed socialist modernity who have no other choice but to catch
up with neoliberal capitalism. The image of deprived materiality demonstrates that so-called
fortune hunters are not part of the Western modernity. The negative associations attached to
Russian women can be understood as examples of the fact that Eastern Europeans are not of
"Europeanness racial equivalence that ostensibly offered the privileges of white identity to all
European heritage peoples" (Bonnett (1998: 1030). As Yıldız and De Genova (2018) suggest,
non-European forms of whiteness are embedded in historical and geographical contexts with
the operations of hierarchical sociopolitical orders of nationality, race, ethnicity, class, and
gender.
Another stereotypical image associated with Russian women is vulgar. The word vulgar
implicates excessive sexuality that is often seen as a marker of Russian femininity, but also as
an immoral signifier carried with the stigma of prostitution (Diatlova, 2019; Krivonos, 2020).
Since sexuality is attached to the idealized monogamous and normative relation through the
purity of morality and race, women embody the role of symbolic markers of national identity
26

(Carter, 2008; Yuval-Davis, 1997). Thus, for those who are represented as immoral figures,
have their sexuality becomes a line of demarcation for controlling and defining group borders
(Anthias and Yuval-Davis, 1989). The word "import-wife" thus is a combination of all these
aspects: nationality, class, race, gender, and sexuality.
As opposed to Iida, Aino clearly showed resistance to the assumption that was imposed by
Finnish people in the interview excerpt below:
If I tell Finnish people a story that I moved here from the Soviet Union, first
they would assume that I'm a Russian who just came here. They would ask:
"did you get married to a Finnish man?" I would say: "No, I already had
everything when moved here, a husband, family, and children. I didn't take
anybody's job. I achieved everything by myself. I did not compete with
anybody.
Aino made clear her positioning by saying "I already had everything". The way she situated
herself indicated that she had already socio-economic mobility before coming to Finland.
This is a way to resist the assumption made concerning Russian women. Insistence on "I
achieved everything by myself" shows that she had already built the foundation in Russia: "a
husband, family, and children". Aino resisted the assumption that people had. The phrase, "I
did not compete with anybody" shows that her reason for coming to Finland is neither
upward mobility nor a stepping stone to access to Western modernity and it also shows what
kinds of negotiations people have to make.
In the discussion of Ingrian Finns' return migration program, the borderline between Finland
and Russia became an ideological border that separates Lutheran religion from Russian
Orthodox. In this section, I show how bordering practices are not only about ideological
borders but also the interconnectedness of social relations that are situated in everyday
encounters.

4.4.2 Friction as ethnic profiling: at stores
This section examines ethnic profiling that interviewees experienced in both Finland and
Russia. As will be discussed, some experienced discomfort of being followed by a security
guard at stores and by the immobility of being suspended at border station points. The
Stopped - Ethnic profiling in Finland (Keskinen et al., 2018) is an extensive study of ethnic
profiling in Finland. The authors reported that racialized non-white young men were more
27

likely targeted of ethnic profiling by police and security guards.
Ingrian Finns recognizably pass as whites. In the discussion of race, the notion of whiteness
has been predominantly constructed in relation to non-white. As a result, non-European forms
of whiteness are often excluded (Bonnett, 2008; Krivonos, 2019). Based on the interviewees,
the Russian language and style of clothing are targets of ethnic profiling that my informants
experienced in Finland as will be discussed.
Russian-speakers8 are commonly treated as a single group of Russians in Finland despite the
fact that the population is heterogeneous (Viimaranta, Protassova, and Mustajoki, 2018). In
the Finnish statistics, ethnic or racial background usually figures in language-based
categories. When Juho expressed surprise that people saw him as Russian, this reflects the
tendency of viewing Russian-speakers as a single population: "if you came from the Russian
side of the border you are automatically a Russian". Juho speaks of what he experienced at a
store in the 1990s in the interview text below:
For example, when I spoke Russian in a store, a guard followed us and came
in some distance. You could see that clearly, the guard was checking on us.
The guard thought that we would steal something. Because of this, we tried to
blend in the crowd by speaking Finnish in public spaces. Sure, it made you
feel bad when Russian speakers are automatically labeled criminals.
Leinonen (2012) pays attention to "audible visibility"(Toivanen, 2014) through the use of
language that produces a highly racialized and class-based figure of immigrants. Because of
the historical past relationship between the Soviet Union and Finland, Leinonen (2012)
argues that there is an emotionally negative image of Russian people. It is my argument that
Juho avoided the audible visibility by switching over to the Finnish language in order to
"blend in" in a public space. Language is a tool for homogenizing the population and singling
out people who speak different languages.
In addition to language use and audible visibility, I also consider the style of clothing as
significant to visibility. Several interviewees mention the significant differences in fashion
between Finland and Russia. For instance, Iida presented some examples during the
8

The Russian-speaking population consists of Russia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Estonia, Kazakhstan,
Moldova, Ukraine, Uzbekistan and other former-Soviet Union countries.

28

interview:
In my opinion, fashion is the most visible difference between Finland and
Russia. If you are in Turku or Helsinki, the difference would be big, compared
to Rauma. It is the same when you compared Tervolovo to St. Petersburg.
There are different kinds of fashion. Of course, fur hats and coats were more
popular in Russia than in Finland. I think quilted jackets are quite ordinary,
light, and comfortable here [in Finland].
In the text, fashion preference is exemplified by differences. The significant differences in
fashion gave me further insight into what could be markers for ethnic profiling in the context
of Ingrian Finns. In the next extract, Aino explains a situation in which she was followed by a
guard:
Finns stared at us with judging eyes in a store when we spoke Russian. When
we were at a store speaking Russian, we noticed that a guard was following us.
There were not much Russians here [in Rauma] at that time but nowadays
there are a lot of different nationalities. It was strange that the guard followed
us to the cashier. Probably the guard watched us so that we wouldn't steal
anything. I was ready to punch [the guard] in the face at some point if [the
guard] came to us and made a comment on Russianness or the language.
Pekka noticed a guard following us, more often than I did. I'm a woman! My
attention was on the store goods. This didn't affect my behavior in public. I
had so much stuff to do at home that I had no time to reflect on these kinds of
things. I had all sorts of things to do at home, such as doing laundry, feeding
Pekka and two boys, and cleaning at home.
For Aino, the experience of being followed by the guard did not change her behavior in
public. She told me that there was no time to reflect upon how she managed in Finland right
after moving to Finland, because having two children "took all of my energy", and "my
thoughts were somewhere else". The way Aino deals with friction was different from Juho
and this may possibly mean that friction can be gendered.
This section examines the way Ingrian Finns experienced friction at stores. As Balibar
(Balibar, 2004) says, borders are not only found at national borders but also situated in spaces.
The key markers of ethnic profiling are the Russian language as audible visibility and style of
clothing as physical appearances.

29

5. Fragmentation: language, memories, and home

This chapter sets out to question how Ingrian Finns feel a sense of belonging through
language, memories, and home. Finland is linked to a historical and ancestral homeland in
which they were actually not born and raised. According to Griffiths, Rogers, and Anderson
(2013), when a 'lost' homeland is imagined, the idea of a shared past, of heritage and memory
becomes a mode of belonging for nations and communities. Is returning home an endpoint to
which belonging is to synthesize what is lost in Ingrian Finns?
By following Yuval-Davis's (2006; 2005:521-523) notion of belonging, I consider belonging
as forms of emotions and attachments that created through how individuals feel about their
different social location from which how they narrate. For my study, I define social locations
as one's social positions within interconnected relations of class, race, ethnicity, nationality,
and gender created through historical, political, economic, geographic factors (Pessar and
Mahler, 2003).
In order to understand various forms of belongings, I incorporate Minh-ha's (1990; 1992)
concept of fragmentation. Fragmentation asks the reflexive and contextual questions of when,
where, and how one is rather than ask who one is in order to avoid essentialize one's
belonging. According to Minh-ha (1990; 1989), fragmentation is a way of living at borders
and with differences. In the following sections, I illustrate the way Ingrian Finns live at
borders through language, memories, and home, at the same time I examine when, where,
and how they feel a sense of belonging.

5.1 Fragments of language and living with borders
The use of language is the key to unifying the nation in the process of nation building.
Accents, tones, and rhythms in how one speaks language are at play in producing otherness.
In the Finnish context, language plays a major role in marking immigrants as visible
(Leinonen, 2012: 217). Those with imperfect Finnish skills - let alone those who do not speak
Finnish at all - are left outside the exclusive "circle of Finnishness" (Leinonen, 2012: 217
cited in Lepola 2000: 328). Burbaker (2015: 87) suggests that both language and religion are
"basic sources and forms of social, cultural, and political identification" that are equivalent to
30

ethnicity and nationalism. In fact, language was used in officials' discourse on Ingrian Finns
as markers of inclusion, it was also used against them to exclude them (Mähönen, Varjonen,
Prindiville, Arnold, and Jasinskaja-Lahti, 2015), when Finnish politicians started questioning
the level of Ingrian Finns' competence in the Finnish language. The Alien's Act amendment in
2002 and 2003 9 introduced a Finnish language requirement for Ingrian Finns' returnee
applicants, as an answer to the Finnish politicians questioning of the Ingrian Finns'
integration capacity into the Finnish society. At the end of the return program, Ingrian Finns'
ancestral connections were too distant to be counted as meaningful, and the distinction
between Ingrian Finns and Russians was actually less distinct than previously for the Finnish
politicians (Prindiville and Hjelm, 2018: 17). Thus, it is important to situate the relationship
between the Finnish language and Ingrian Finns from the informants' perspectives in order to
avoid connecting the idea of Finnishness with a form of authenticity and belonging.
Two interviewees, Juho and Teijo talked about the relations to Finnish language through their
intergenerations back in their home village. In the below interview text, Juho explains how
Finnish language has developed in Tervolovo:
I spoke Russian with my parents but my grandparents spoke only Finnish and
I replied in Russian. My grandpanrents lived all their life in Russia but they
could not speak Russian. It was so because the language didn't develop further
in Ingrian land. The language remained outdated. It contained a lot of loan
words from the Russian language. Probably most of the ordinary Finnish
persons would have not understood the language.
Along similar lines, Teijo also mentioned how the Russian language was experienced with
the everyday's use of the Finnish language spoken by his grandparents' generation. His
narrative also indicates the historical linkage of both Finland and Russia. The idea of
one-nation-one language is deeply embedded in an idea of stasis and seen as natural or
timeless. In Europe, immigration and citizenship policies introduce formal language and
citizenship tests to which immigrants are qualified for national values (Fortier, 2017). Seen
from this perspective, the proper Finnish language becomes a mode of "Finnishness". Teijo 's
narrative illustrates fragmentation through living at the borders with two languages in the text

9 The minimum requirements for language capability were set as sufficient knowledge of Finnish or Swedish at the skill

level of A2 in the Common European Framework language proficiency rating scale (Prindiville and Hjelm, 2018). A2 is a
level of proficiency that basic needs for direct social interaction and brief narrative.

31

below:
There were many words that were used in the Russian language. People
learned many kinds of words via TV. [For example], when [people see] a
refrigerator in a store, nobody called it by the Finnish word. Everybody called
it by Russian "holodil'nik (холодильник)". Grandmother spoke poorly
Russian but she knew what is holodil'nik.
Both Juho and Teijo's narratives show that language is also about fragmentation, which is "a
way of living with differences" (Minh-ha, 1990: 72). The notion of fragmentation is different
from assimilating differences to a unifying sense of belonging. Teijo grew up hearing both the
Russian and the Finnish language at home. He also mentioned that the significant influence
of the Russian language on Ingrian Finns' people because there were many Russian residents
in Tervolovo. At home, his grandmother was a primary caretaker whenever his parents were
at work. Teijo says, "my grandparents spoke Finnish with each other, of course, I spoke the
language what I heard". The below interview text shows that language is not completely in
line with national identity or belonging but a way of living with differences. Teijo says:
When I entered school, I spoke Russian with my friends but before that, I
spoke Finnish. First I started speaking Finnish and I mixed Russian language
but then I moved to pure Russian language. Especially when everything was
developing and there were new machines, it is easier to give Russian names
for the devices and machines. My parents and grandparents and elderly people
in the village knew the Finnish name for some things but not in Russian.
When elderly people talked with each other, they mixed those new Russian
words in the Finnish language.
The above text illustrated how language was lived with the discontinuity of its history in a
way of "hampering cohesion" (Fortier, 2018: 1255). It is also connected to the everyday
practices and it is interesting how language becomes a marker of the one nation one language
idea and the fact that it does not operate in practice.

5.2 Memories of the past
In this section, the focus is to illustrate memories of the past presented by Pakkanen (2020)
and my informants. Memories play a key role in the exhibition, Ingrians - The Forgotten
Finns. In the exhibition, the past was evoked as being "left with feelings of rootlessness, of
not belonging, and questions without answers." Fortier (2000; 2006) explains that nations and
transnational communities draw on memory and nostalgia to re-establish group identities,
32

such as using the performance of war remembrances and re-interpreting of homes, homelands,
and histories.
As Greenhouse (1989: 1633) suggests, the shape of time is contested, negotiated, defended,
and transformed in the juxtaposition of personal and institutional forms that comprise social
life anywhere. Thus, the interpretation of history and past is contested between personal and
institutional levels. This means that how the Ingrian Finns interpret their history and past are
different from particular national institutions.
Memories also play a central role in the Ingrians Finns return migration. In 2003, the Alien
Acts narrowly divided in applicants into two groups: those who transferred to the Soviet
Union from 1943 to 1944, and those who had served in the Finnish Army between 1939 and
194510. Prindivile and Hjelm (2018) suggest that the collective memory of the wartime
suffering caused by the Soviet Union in the Second World War appeared to be of lasting
importance among the Finnish politicians and policymakers in terms of what conditions
residence permits should be granted.
Notably, when some interviewees narrated the wartime experiences of their parents or
grandparents during the Second World War, their narration started at a point of how they had
escaped the German army. Below is an interview excerpt from Aino. She had not heard her
mother talking about the wartime experience until she turned 50 years old. Her mother told a
story of how they escaped from the village and where they lived during that time. Aino says:
When the German army approached St. Petersburg, mother started escaping. I
was so surprised when she told me that she had a sister called Nadja who died
in the bombings on the way to making their escape from St. Petersburg to
Estonia. So my mother was the only child left alive for her parents. When my
mother and my grandmother arrived at Klooga, Estonia, farm masters and
hostesses came to look after the Ingrian camp. And they selected workers for
themselves. Grandma and mother were chosen. They were taken to a forest
and there were a lot of fields.
The story refers to the 900-day siege of Leningrad, when the German and Finnish armies
reached today's St Petersburg's areas (Leningrad) in 1941. The Finnish-German military
alliance took shape from 1941 to 1944, during which time the governments of Finland and

10 According to Prindiville and Hjelm (2018:15), the 2002 and 2003 amendments stated that returnee status may be granted

on these conditions: 1) if the applicant belonged to the Ingrian Finnish emigrants who between 1943 and 1944 were
transferred to Finland and then after the War returned to the Soviet Union; 2) if the applicant has served in the Finnish Army
between 1939 and 1945.

33

Germany agreed to evacuate the Ingrian Finns from Leningrad. Klooga in Estonia was one of
many places, where Ingrian Finns were detained before they were transported by train to
dozens of camps in different parts of Finland. Despite the Finnish cooperation with Germany,
the dominant public views on wartime tend to describe it as "a separate Finnish war" as if
Finland fought its own war against the Soviet Union (Meinander, 2011: 60).
There were approximately 63,000 Ingrian Finns who were evacuated from the surroundings
of today's St. Petersburg area as refugees, and 55,000 who supposedly voluntarily returned at
the end of the Second World War to the Soviet Union. (Prindiville, 2015: 62 cited in Anne de
Tinguy, 2003: 17). According to Erdal and Oppen (2018: 987), it is hard to distinguish
between forced and voluntary migration without having an empirical point of view. The
below excerpt by Juho shows what he had heard from his own parents when they were sent
back to the Soviet Union:
My parents told me very little about Ingrian history about the time of what
they were in Finland and what they did. Then they told me something about
how they were taken to the Soviet Union from Finland, and how they came
back to Tervolovo. The guards just locked people in the train cars and sent
them back to the Soviet Union. After crossing the border, people were
transported anywhere in the Soviet Union. Some even were forced to Siberia.
It was only when Stalin died that people were able to move to their home
village. Many people died during the transportation. My parents were
transported from Finland to Pskov. But they did not have well enough food
and clothing with them. My grandmother and mother's older brother went to
Estonia for earning money. They had to ride on top of a train car because they
had no money for the ticket. They worked for a while. Then mother's brother
got sick. He got violent flue and died at the age of 14. He was buried in
Estonia. I was also told that many houses were occupied when they returned
Tervolovo. Somebody already lived in my parents’ house. First they could not
live in their original house right away.
For Juho, the evaluation of Mauno Koivisto's statement was "fair" because Ingrian Finns had
been "betrayed" and "hanging out to dry". The feeling of being betrayed was not necessarily
connected with the Soviet Union, but rather expanded through Finland to Russia and Estonia.
In contrast to Prindivile and Hjelm's (2018) discursive analyses on the return migration
program, the memory of suffering against the Soviet Union was not specifically cited by my
informants as a significant event. Belonging is not just about membership, rights and duties
but also about the emotions that such membership evokes (Yuval-Davis, Anthias, and
Kofman, 2005: 526). As Pakkanen's text shows, the feelings of "pain", "fear", "sad", and
"ashamed" set the tone for what it means to be Ingrian Finns. However, when these feelings
are essentialized as a mode of belonging, it sets a limit and becomes determining of who
34

Ingrian Finns are and who are not. Seen from this view, memories can be tied to specific
emotions that produce a mode of belonging.
According to Fortier (2006), memory is also found in cultural practices. Such cultural
practices, Fortier (2006) suggests, are not necessarily tied to one's identity and belonging to
one place but they are dispersed. One of the interviewees, Iida recounted her childhood
memories of Christmas and Easter in Tervolovo:
In the village, our parents arranged celebrational days such as Christmas and
Easter. (...) We were taught Christmas songs and poems. We wrote down our
Christmas wishes and mailed them to Santa Clause. (...) We had always
Christmas on the 24the and 25th of December, even we had to be at work. My
grandparents arranged Christmas for us and we arranged Christmas for our
children. Maybe because of that Finns feel that Ingrians are closer to them.
In Russia, Christmas is most widely celebrated on the 7th of January because the Russian
Orthodox Church uses the Julian calendar. For Iida, Christmas provided a frame of reference
for cultural proximity to Finland, saying, "maybe because of that Finns feel that Ingrians are
closer to them". Fortier (2006) suggests viewing traditions as cultural fragments rather than
expressions of a way of life. In doing so, multiple forms of belongings reside in memory and
resist the moralizing tendencies of origin narratives (Fortier, 2006: 321).

5.3 When, where, how are Ingrian Finns?
In this section, I examine the way Ingrian Finns feel a sense of belonging through home.
According to Ahmed (1999:

338), definitions of home shift across a number of belongings:

home can mean where one usually lives, or it can mean where one's family lives, or it can
mean one's native country. For Ingrian Finns, they have cultural and historical connections to
Finland, but Finland is not their origin of country. In that sense, how they feel a sense of
belonging in their ancestral homeland? In what follows, by following Minh-ha's (1990)
notion of fragmentation I examine when, where, and how Ingrian Finns' belonging can be
acknowledged.
The excerpt below from Aino shows diverse understandings of the self through difference in
time and place:
At elementary school, I was chuhna and others were ryssä. When moved here
from the Soviet Union, I was automatically labeled as ryssä. When I talked
35

with people about my background I was categorized as Ingrian Finn and
people thought milder about me.
Chuhna is a derogatory name used for Finns in Russia, while ryssä (russki) also corresponds
with a negative Finnish word used for Russians. In her childhood, she had never thought
about her roots as she stated in the interview: "I didn't think about my Ingrianness at all. I
didn't think I was different" from other classmates in Tervolovo. However, she explained that
her quiet and noncommittal personality had let them bully her because of the school
hierarchy in which one's popularity developed from being "pretty and brave" and
"Ingrianness was mentioned on the side as a small extra." When she moved to Finland, she
was no longer labeled chukhna but ryssä until she was identified as an Ingrian Finn. In the
above interview excerpt, Aino described Ingrian Finns' category as "milder", which had the
opposite effect of being Russians who were seen as "taking monetary benefits" in Finland.
Once she was categorized as an Ingrian Finn, people saw her "with good eyes." From this
view, Ingrianness is seen as a desirable form of closeness to Finland.
In an excerpt below, Aino explains how Ingrianness emerged and how Ingrianness is
imagined through the idea of home:
I have been raised in Russia and by Russian cultural standards. The Ingrianess
came out only here in Finland. Some people use it as an advantage because it
makes a big difference whether you are a Russian or an Ingrian Finns'
returnees. I never used it as my advantage. I am who I am. If you're an Ingrian
Finn, you will be looked with good eyes. As if you're returned to your original
home country, a country where you originally belong. If you are a Russian you
will be seen as you came to the welfare state taking monetary benefits. Finland
is not my country. For me, my home country is Russia.
On the one hand, Aino acknowledged how Ingrian Finns are imagined and felt through
Finland that as if they were returning to thier origin of home country. On the other hand, she
claimed, "my home country is Russia". Nevertheless, it does not necessarily mean that she
identifies herself as a Russian, instead, she states: "I am who I am", while at the same time
she differentiates from those who used Ingrianness as an advantage. Aino situates herself
outside of the parameters that are usually thought of as defining Ingrianness.
For Aino, belonging is the site where displays resistance to the notion of Ingrianness in
contrast to Pakkanen (2020) who describes his belonging as "feelings of rootlessness" in the
36

exhibition. Aino 's subjective perceptions are fragmented with the movement of time and the
shifting of places.
The next interview excerpt is from Iida. She mentions a feeling in-between that is ambivalent
and contested:
I probably identify myself as an Ingrian Finn. I always had this kind of
stronger feeling....it is difficult because I have friends in both sides. Well,
however, at home was...this really depends. I never have thought that I can
proudly beat my chest and declare that I am a Russian or a Finn. I am feeling
in-between them. It's difficult to answer. I do perfectly adapt [in Russia] too.
Probably Finland is now closer to my heart. This is such a personal choice.
Why I moved to Finland is because I had a problem with my ex-husband. It's
easier to be in Finland and here's safety.
Iida figuratively describes the gesture of a patriotic act by using the words ("beating my
chest" and "declare") and expression ("proudly"). At the beginning of the text, she identifies
herself as an Ingrian Finn. However, when it comes to where she feels "at home", it was
difficult for her to take sides. Having friends in both countries was one of the reasons that she
cannot completely "stay removed from" (Ahmed, 2004:27) either Finland or Russia. Her
feeling in-between is similar to what Ang (2011: 194) describes as "hybrid in-between-ness".
In Ang's (2011) account, hybridity is not simply about fusion and synthesis as well as a
comfortable position to be in. Iida 's condition of being "suspended in-between" (Ang, 2011:
194) makes her uneasy to claim to which she belongs, "I am a Russian or a Finn". Instead,
she puts her in-between positioning into another sentence: "Probably Finland is now closer to
me".
In a similar way, Teijo also commented that he is "more on the Finnish side", although he
"felt like 50-50 in the beginning." The below text was an interview where both Teijo and his
wife Kaarina explained to us:
Teijo: Now I feel like I'm more on the Finnish side. I feel my life more like a Finnish
one.
Kaarina: First it felt nostalgia about Russia but we grew out of it. We feel good in here.
Teijo: I think of myself more as a Finn. It really felt like 50-50 in the beginning.
When we visit Russia, it feels good to go but after two weeks we already
feel like going home to Finland. It's so nice to return back home. When
you cross the border back to Finland, you will get the feeling of relief, phew.
37

It is nice to visit Russia. My relatives and friends are living there.
Notably, Teijo frequently expressed his closeness to Finland by using the word "more" in the
interview. Instead of clearly stating his positioning, the expression of "more" displays a
continuum between the borderlines of Finland and Russia. Teijo describes the state of mind
"feeling of relief" when he crosses the border from Russia to Finland. Feeling a rush of
"going home" and "returning back home" indicate his emotional attachment to Finland. I
consider what makes it possible for Teijo to think of himself more as a Finn are conditions
that are already given and inherited from the past. Inheritances, according to Ahmed (2007:
154), can be re-thought not only in terms of blood and genes but also in terms of orientations
to we inherit "the reachability of some objects (i.e. physical objects, styles, capacities,
aspirations, techniques, and habits), those that are given to us, or at least made available to us,
within 'what' it is around". When the reachability and proximity appear through inheritance, it
generates not only a sense of the ability to move one place to another but also a familial space
of "likeness" (Ahmed, 2007: 155). In the text below, Juho explains what made his transition
"easy" in relation to inheritances:
I feel as...well, I have Russian friends and Finnish friends. I think I have
changed somehow. Finland changed me and it was an easy change. I have
been living here longer than in Russia. I was ready for this change because my
grandparents were like Finnish people. They spoke and behaved in similar
ways.
The following interview excerpt from Pekka shows how likeness is transcended. Pekka
explained that his youth years spent in Russia and "some Russian ways of life" still remained
in his mind, such as reading and watching Russian news regularly. When he said, "I am more
of the Russian side", in this context, it meant his political view is more on the Russian side.
When it comes to how he feels in Finland, he associated himself with his colleagues who
have been supportive and nice to him, saying "I like to be here". However, Pekka also
acknowledged the fact that it is not easy for others, which means:
Everyone understood that Teijo, Juho, and I wanted to be Finns or stay in this
country. For others it is not easy if they speak Finnish with an accent and their
customs are completely different.
The text shows who can or cannot relate to Finland. The below text shows that "others"
means those who have an "accent" and different "customs."
38

Fragmentation re-structures the Ingrian Finns' ways of relating to the world as changes in
time and place. In terms of belonging, fragmentation opens up possibilities for Ingrian Finns'
plurality and in-between-ness in belonging.

39

Conclusion

In this thesis, I interview Ingrian Finns with the aim of further challenge dominant narratives
that situate Ingrian Finns in the context of Finnish cultural and historical homogeneity. Much
attention has been paid to the Ingrian Finns' identity construction in close proximity to the
notion of Finnishness by various platforms, such as the national institutions, public media,
and academia. However, there has been very little attention to Igrian Finns' empirical point of
view to investigate their experiences and practices of return migration. To provide an
alternative framework to the dominant narratives, this thesis sets out three questions: 1) how
the Ingrian Finns experienced return migration after the return migration program was
introduced in the 1990s in Finland; 2) What are the implications of return for the Ingrian
Finns, when Finland is considered to be their country of an ancestral homeland but they grew
up outside of Finland and; 3) related to the second question, when Finland is not their origin
of country, then how do Ingrian Finns feel a sense of belonging? To answer these questions, I
used a mixed-method qualitative approach involving semi-structured interviews and
biographical-narrative method, as well as text materials from the Ingrian Finns' exhibition
held at the National Museum of Finland.

Based on the key analytical framework I used in this thesis, I briefly discuss what are my
main findings are. By following the three aspects of Cresswell's (Cresswell, 2010) theory of
the politics of mobility: motive force, rhythm, and friction, I examine how and in what
condition the Ingrian Finns actually experienced return migration. Despite the Mauno
Koivisto's announcement of the Ingrian Finns return migration program, my informants had
less chance to stay longer in Finland after moving to Finland due to the fact that there was
very little information. This reflected the fact that there was the lack of consensus in the
concept of a returnee among the Finnish politicians. The collapse of the Soviet Union had a
significant meaning for my informants to move to Finland, however, Koivisto's statement was
not determined my informants' decision to live in Finland immediately. As their work
contract continued, they decided to stay in Finland. My informants experienced various forms
of bordering practices and ethnic profiling that control their mobility. By focusing on my
informants' everyday encounters, I illustrate how the interconnectedness of social relations
affects the way my informants are seen. The role of nationality, race, class, gender, and

40

sexuality, as well as language and physical appearances was involved in both bordering
practices and ethnic profiling.
As for Ingrian Finns' belonging, I used the concepts of belonging (Yuval-Davis, 2006) and
fragmentation (Minh-ha, 1990; 1992). I illustrate the way Ingrian Finns feel a sense of
belonging through language, memories, and home. The idea of fragmentation is also about
the borders surrounding fragments of language and memories that can be found in the Ingrian
Finns' narratives. For my informants, language is not connected to the idea of one nation and
one language and the fact it is a way of living in cross-border countries between Finland and
Russia. Memories play a key role in both the Ingrian Finn's return migration program and the
exhibition, however, the interpretation of history and past is different from my informants. In
the dominant narratives, Ingrian Finn's belonging is associated with the feelings of
rootlessness and pains, however, my informants convey a sense of belonging through
resistance and closeness to the notion of Finnishness and Ingrianness, and in-between-ness.
But while this thesis specifically focuses on the Ingrian Finns' returnees, what remains
unexamined is the generational differences between the first and second-generation Ingrian
Finns' returnees in terms of how they negotiate the meanings of the return and the ancestral
homeland since the second-generation grew up in Finland.

41

Acknowledgement
I express my profound gratitude to my partner for providing me support throughout the
research processes. Without his contribution to the work of translation and transcriptions, this
thesis would not have been accomplished. I would also like to thank my informants who
share their stories for my thesis. I am deeply thankful to my two supervisors of Gender
Studies, Ann-Charlotte Palmgren and Kattis Honkanen. They always navigate me in the right
direction whenever I needed it.

42

List of figures

Fig. 1. Map of Ingria (Pakkanen, S. and Pakkanen, L. (2020). Ingrians - The forgotten Finns.
The National Museum of Finland, page 15.)

Fig. 2. The front page of the exhibition text, Ingrians-The Forgotten Finns (Pakkanen, 2020)

43

Reference list
Adam, B. (1990). Time and Social Theory. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Ahmed, S. (1999). Home and away: Narratives of migration and estrangement. International
Journal of Cultural Studies, 2(3), pp. 329-347.
Ahmed, S. (2004). Collective Feelings Or, The Impression Left by Others. Theory, Culture
and Society, 21(2), pp.25-42.
Ahmed, S. (2007). A phenomenology of whiteness. Feminist Theory, 8(2), pp.149-168, DOI:
10.1177/1464700107078139
Ahmed, S. (2014). The Cultural Politics of Emotion. Edinburg University Press.
Alcof, L. M. (2003). Latino/as, Asian Americans, and the Black-White Binary. The Journal of
Ethics, 7, pp.5-27.
Alexievich, S. (2017). The Unwomanly Face of War. In: translated by Pevevar, R. and
Volokhonsky, L. Penguin Classics.
Amelina, A. and Faist, T. (2012). De-naturalizing the national in research methodologies: key
concepts of transnational studies in migration. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 35(10),
pp.1707-1724.
Anderson, B. (1983). Imagined Communities: Reflections on the Origin and Spread of
Nationalism. Verso.
Anderson, B. (2013). Us and Them? : The Dangerous Politics of Immigration Control.
Oxford University Press.
Ang, I. (2011). On Not Speaking Chinese: Living Between Asia and the West. Routledge.
Anne de Tinguy, (2003). Ethnic Migrations of the 1990s from and to the Successor States of
the Former Soviet Union: Repatriation or Privileged Migration? In: Münz, R. and Ohliger, R.
eds, Diasporas and Ethnic Migrants: Germany, Israel and Post –Soviet Successor States in
Comparative Perspective, Portland: Frank Cass, 2003, p.100-113.
Anthias, F. and Yuval-Davis, N. (1983). Contextualizing feminism: gender, ethnic and class
divisions, Feminist Review, 4, pp.62–75.
Aradau, C., Huysmans, J., Macioti, P.G. and Squire, V. (2013). Mobility interrogating free
movement: Roma acts of European citizenship. In: Isin, E.F. and Saward, M. ed., Enacting
European Citizenship. Cambridge University Press.
Balibar, É. (2002). Politics and the Other Scene. London: Verso.
Balibar, É. (2004). We, the people of Euorpe?: reflections on transnational citizenship.
Princeton University Press.
Barker, V. (2017). Nordic vagabonds: The Roma and the logic of benevolent violence in the
44

Swerdish welfare state. European
DOI:10.1177/1477370816640141

Journal

of

Criminology.

14(1),

pp.120-139,

Bastian, M. (2011). The contradictory simultaneity of being with others: exploring concepts
of time and community in the work of Gloria Anzaldùa. Feminist Review 97, pp.151-167.
Bauböck, R. (2011). Temporary migrants, partial citizenship and hypermigration. Critical
Review of International Social and Political Philosophy. 14(5), pp. 665-693, DOI:
10.1080/13698230.2011.617127
Battistella, C. (2018). Return Migration: A Conceptual and Policy Framework. Center For
Migration Studies.
Bämberg, E. B. and Dahlberg, K. (2013). Interpreters in Cross-Cultural Interviews: A
Three-Way Conconstruction of Data, Qualitative Health Research, 23(2), pp.241-247.
Binaisa, N. (2011). Negotiating 'Belonging' to the Ancestral 'Homeland': Uganda Refugee
Descendents 'Return'. Mobilities, 6(4), pp.519-534.
Black, R., K. Koser, K. Monk, G. Atfield, L. D’Onofrio, and R. Tiemok. (2004)
Understanding Voluntary Return. Home Office Report 50/04, London: Home Office.
Block, L. (2016). Policy Frames on Spousal Migration in Germany: Regulating Membership,
Regulating the Family. Berlin: Springer Verlag.
Bonnett, A. (1998). Who was white? The disappearance of non-European white identities and
the formation of European racial whiteness. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 21(6), pp.1029-1055,
DOI: 10.1080/01419879808565651
Bonnett, A. (2008). White studies revisited. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 31(1), pp.185-196,
DOI: 10.1080/01419870701539016
Botterill, K. (2015). "We Don't See Things as They Are, We See Things as We Are":
Questioning the "Outsider" in Polish Migration Research. Forum: Qualitative Social
Research, 16(2), pp.1-17.
Braidotti, R. (1994). Nomadic Subjects: Embodiment and Sexual Difference in Contemporary
Feminist Theory. New York: Colombia University Press.
Braidotti, R. (2011). Nomadic Theory: The Portable Rosi Braidotti. New York: Colombia
University Press.
Braidotti, R. (2013). The Posthuman. Cambrdige: Polity Press.
Bruskin, S. (2019). Insider or outsider? Exploring the fluidity of the roles through social
identity theory. Journal of Organizational Ethnography, 8(2), pp.159-170.
Burbaker, R. (2004). Grounds for Difference. Havard University Press.
Carling and Collins. (2018). Aspiration, desire and drivers of migration. Journal of Ethnic
and Migration Studies, 44(6), pp. 909-926.
45

Carter, S. (2008). The Importance of Being Monogamous: Marriage and Nation Building in
Western Canada to 1915. The University of Alberta Press.
Cassarino, J. P. (2004). Theorising Return Migration: The Conceptual Approach to Return
Migrants Revisited. International Journal on Multiculturali Societies (IJMS), 6(2),
pp.253-279. Available at: https://www.unesco.org/shs/ijms/vol6/issue2/art4.
Cerase, P. F. (1974) 'Expectations and Reality: A Case Study of Return Migration from the
United States to Southern Italy'. The International Migration Review, 8(2), pp.245-262.
Chakrabarty, D. (2000). Provincializing Europe: Postcolonial Thought and Historical
Difference. Princeton and Oxford: Princeton University Press.
Chen, J. and Bao, J. (2019). Rethinking time and lifestyle migration: Multiple temporalities,
identity formation, and post-migration life of Chinese Houniao. The Geographical Journal,
186, pp.213-223, DOI: 10.1111/geoj.12339
Cresswell, T. (2010). Towards a politics of mobility. Environment and Planning D: Society
and Space, 28, pp.17-31.
Cresswell, T. (2014). MobilitiesⅡ: Still. Progress in Human Geography, 36(5), pp.645-653.
Collins, F. L. (2018). Desire as a theory for migration studies: temporality, assemblage and
becoming in the narratives of migrants. Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies, 44(60),
pp.964-980.
Cwerner, S. B. (2001). The Times of Migration. Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies,
27(1), pp. 7-36, DOI: 10.1080/13691830125283
Çaglar, A. (2016). Still 'migrants' after all those years: foundational mobilities, temporal
frames and emplacement of migrants. Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies, 42(60,
pp.952-969.
Çaglar, A and Glick Schiller, N. (2018). Migrants and City-Making: Dispossession,
Displacement, and Urban Regeneration. Durhan and London: Duke University Press.
De Genova, N. (2016). The European question: Migration, race and postcoloniality in Europe.
Social Text, 128, pp.75-102.
Diatlova, A. (2019). Between Visibility and Invisibility: Russian-Speaking Women Engaged in
Commercial Sex in Finland. Helsinki: University of Helsinki.
Erdal, M. B. (2020). Theorizing interactions of migrant transnationalism and integration
through a multiscalar approach. Comparative Migration Studies, 8(31), pp. 1-16.
Erdal, M. B. and Oeppen, C. (2018) 'Forced to leave? The discursive and analytical
significance of describing migration as forced and voluntary'. Journal of Ethnic and
Migration Studies, 44(6), pp. 981-998.
European Migration Network (EMN). (2007). Return Migration. [pdf] European Commission,
32 pages.
46

Fortier, A. M. (2000). Migrant Belongings: Memory, Space, Identity. Oxford: Berg.
Fortier, A. M. (2006). The Politics of Scaling, Timinig and Embodying: Rethinking the 'New
Europe'. Mobilities, 1(3), pp.313-331.
Fortier, A. N. (2007). Too close for comfort: loving thy neighbour and the management of
multicultural intimacies. Environment and Planning D: Society and Space, 25, pp.104-119.
Fortier, A. M. (2017). The social life of citizenisation and naturalisation: Outlining an
analytical framework. COLLeGIUM: Studies across Disciplines in the Humanities and Social
Sciences, 23, pp.12-30.
Fortier, A. M. (2018). On (Not) Speaking English: Colonial Legacies in Language
Requirements for British Citizenship. Sociology, 52(6), pp.1254-1269, DOI:
10.1177/0038038517742854
Glich Schiller, N. and Wimmer, A. (2003). Methodological Nationalism, the Social Sciences,
and the Study of Migration: An Essay in Historical Epistemology. The International
Migration Review, 37(3), pp. 576-610.
Glick Schiller, N. (2004). Transnationality. In: Nugent, D. and Vincent, J. ed., A Companion
to the Anthropology of Politics, Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Gray, B. (2011). Becoming non-migrant: lives worth waiting for. Gender, Place and Culture,
18(3), pp.417-432, DOI: 10.1080/0966369X.2011.566403
Greenhouse, C. J. (1989). Just in Time: Temporality and the Cultural Legitimation of Law.
The Yale Law Journal, 98(8), Symposium: Popular Legal Culture, pp.1631-1651.
Griffin, G. and Braidotti, R. (2002). Whiteness and European situatedness. In: Griffin, G. and
Braidotti, R. eds, Thinking differently: a reader in European women's studies. London and
New York: Zed Books, pp.221-236.
Griffiths, M., Rogers, A. and Anderson, B. (2013). Migration, Time and Temporalities:
Review and Prospect. COMPAS Research Resources Paper, 31 pages.
Hagan, J. M. and Wassink, J. T. (2020). Return Migration Around the World: An Integrated
Agenda for Future Research. The Annual Review of Sociology, 46(3), pp.553-552.
Hakamies, P. (2004). Finns in Russia, Russians in Finland. In: Siikala, A., Klein, B. and
Mathise, R. ed., Creating Diversities Folklore, Religion and the Politics of Heritage.
Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society.
Halfacree, K. (2012). Heterolocal Identities? Counter-Urbanisation, Second Homes, and
Rural Consumption in the Era of Mobilities. Population, Space and Place 18, pp.209-224.
Hannam, K., Sheller, M. and Urry, J. (2006). Editorial: Mobilities, Immobilities and
Moorings. Mobilities, 1(1), pp.1-22.
Ho, E. L. (2016). Incongruent migration categorisations and competing citizenship claims:
'return' and hypermigration in transnational migration circuits. Journal of Ethnic and
Migration Studies, 42(14), pp. 2379-2394.
47

Hui, A. (2016). The Boundaries of Interdisciplinary Fields: Temporalities Shaping the Past
and Future of Dialogue between Migration and Mobilities Research. Mobilities, 11(1),
pp.66-82.
Jacobsen, C. M., Karlsen, M. A. and Khosravi, S. (2021). Waiting and the Temporalities of
Irregular Migration. London and New York: Routledge.
Jerman, H. (2009). Venäläiset tulivat: tutkija kohtaa median kuvan maahamuuttajista. In:
Keskinen, S., Rastas, A. and Tuori, S. eds, En ole rasisti, mutta...Maahanmuutosta,
monikulttuurisuudesta ja kritiikistä. Tampere:Vastapaino and Nuorsotutkimusverkosto, pp.
92-105.
Jong, S. and Dannecker, P. (2018). Connecting and confronting transnationalism: bridging
concepts and moving critique. Global Studies in Culture and Power, 25(5), pp.493-506.
Kaplan, C. (2006). Mobility and war: the cosmic view of US 'air power'. Environment and
Planning A, 38, pp.395-407.
Keskinen, S., Norocel, O.C. and Jørgensen, M. (2016). The politics and policies of welfare
chauvinism under the economic crisis. Critical Social Policy, 36(3), pp.321-329.
Keskinen, S., Skaptadóttir, U. D., and Toivanen, M. (2019). Undoing Homogeneity in the
Nordic Region: Migration, Difference, and the Politics of Solidarity. London and New York:
Routledge.
Keskinen, S., Alemanji, A. A., Himanen, M., Kivijärvi, A., Osazee, U., Pöyhölä, N. and
Rousku, V. (2018). THE STOPPED - ETHNIC PROFILING IN FINLAND. Swedish School
of Social Science, University of Helsinki.
Krinovos, D. (2018). Claims to whiteness: Young unemployed Russian-speakers'
declassificatory struggles in Finland. The sociological Review, 66(6), pp. 1145-1160, DOI:
10.1177/0038026117737412
Krivonos, D. (2019). Welfare chauvinism the margins of whiteness: Young unemployed
Russian-speakers negotiations of worker-citizenship in Finland. In: Keskinen, S., Skaptadóttir,
U.D. and Toivanen, M. ed., Undoing Homogeneity in the Nordic Region: Migration,
Difference, and the Politics of Solidarity. London and New York: Routledge, pp. 139-141.
Krivonos, D. (2020). Swedish surnames, British accents: passing among post-Soviet migrants
in Helsinki. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 43(16), pp.388-406. DOI:
10.1080/01419870.2020.1813319
Kurs, O. (1994). Ingria: The broken landbridge between Estonia and Finland. GeoJournal, 33,
pp.107-113.
Kuschminder, K. (2017). Interrogating the Relationship between Remigration and
Sustainable Return. Internationa Migration, 55(6), pp.107-121.
Kydd-Williams, R. (2019). Ethical Issues of Insider/Outsider Interviewing: Qualitative
Research in Grenada, A Carribean Island. Ethics and Social Welfare, 13(4), pp.424-433.

48

Kyntäjä, E. (1997). Ethnic Remigration from the Former Soviet Union to Finland - Patterns
of Ethnic Identity and Acculturation among the Ingrian Finns. Yearbook of Population
Research in Finland, 34, pp.102-113.
Lefebvre, H. (2004). Rhythmanalysis: space, time and everyday life Continuum, London:
Bloomsbury Academic.
Leinonen, J. (2012). Invisible Immigrants, Visible Expats? Americans in Finnish discourses
on immigration and internationalization. Nordic Journal of Migration Research. 2(3), pp.
213-223, DOI:10.2478/v10202-011-0043-8
Leinonen, J. (2017). Hierarchies of Desirability: Racialized Cartographies in Media
Discourses on Relationships between Finns and Foreigners. Scandinavian studies, 89(2),
pp.217-239.
Lentin, R. and Bousetta, H. (2006). "But What Is Interesting Is the Story of Why and How
Migration Happened". Forum: Qualitative Social Research, 7(3), 13 pages.
Lepola, O. (2000). Ulkomaalaisesta suomenmaalaiseksi: monikulttuurisuus, kansalaisuus ja
suomalaisuus 1990-luvun maahanmuuttopoliittisessa keskustelussa, Helsinki: SkS.
Liija, E. (2020). Keitä me oikein olemme? Helsingin Sanomat suununtaina 11.10.2020, p.
B8-11.
Lloyd, M. (2005). Beyond Identity Politics: Feminism, Power and Politics. London: Sage.
Ludvig, A. (2006). Differences Between Women? Intersecting Voices in a Female Narrative.
European Journal of Women's Studies, 13(3), pp.245-258.
Lyykorpi, R. (2016). This is my homeland, what else can I say? Ingrian Finns' reason for
staying put in Russia. MA. University of Eastern Finland.
Malkki, L. H. (1995). Refugees and Exile: From "Refugee Studies" to the National Order of
Things. Annual Review Anthropology, 24, pp.495-523.
Massey, D. (1994). Space, Place and Gender. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press.
Massey, D. (1995). Places and Their Pasts. History Workshop Journal, Spring No. 39, pp.
182-192.
Massey, D. (2005). for space. London: SAGE Publications Ltd.
Matley, I. M. (1979). The Dispersal of the Ingrian Finns. Slavic Review, 38(1), pp.1-16.
Mähönen, T. A., Varjonen, S., Prindiville, N., Amold, L., and Jasinskaja-Lahti, I. (2015).
Boundaries of National Belonging in Ingrian Finnish Return Migration: A Multi-level
Perspective. Nordic Journal of Migration Research, 5(3), pp.126-134.
Meinander, H. (2011). A Separate Story? Interpretations of Finland in the Second World War.
In: Stenius, H. ed. Nordic Narrative of the Second World War: National Historiographies
Revisited. Nordic Academic Press.

49

Mezzadra, S. and Neilson, B. (2013). Borders as Method, or, the Multiplication of Labor.
Duke University Press.
Miller, T. and Bell, L. (2014). Consenting to What Issues of Access, Gate-Keeping and
'Infromed Consent'. In: Miller, T., Birch, M., Mauthner, M. and Jessop, J. Ethics in
Qualitative Research, pp.61-75.
Minh-ha, T. (1989). Difference: A Special Third World Women Issue. Feminist Review.
Spring, 25, pp. 5-22.
Minh-ha, T. (1990). Woman, Native, Other. Feminist Review, 36, pp. 65-74.
Minh-ha, T. (1992). Framer Framed: Film Scripts and Interviews. Taylor and Francis Group.
Nail, T. (2015). The Figure of the Migrant. Standford University Press.
Oda, E. (2010). Ethnic migration and memory: disputes over the ethnic origins of Japanese
Brazilians in Japan. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 33(3), pp. 515-532.
Pakkanen, S., and Pakkanen, L. (2020). Ingrians - The Forgotten Finns. The National
Museum of Finland.
Paasi, A. (1996). Territories, Boundaries and Consciousness: The Changing Geographies of
the Finnish-Russian Border, John Wiley and Sons Ltds.
Pessar, P. R. and Mahler, S. J. (2003). Transnational Migration: Bringing Gender in. The
International Migration Review, 37(3), pp.812-846.
Povinelli, E. A. (2000). The Cunning of Recognition: Indigenous Alterities and the Making of
Australian Multiculturalism. Durham: Duke University Press.
Prindiville, N. (2015). The Return of the Ingrian Finns: Ethnicity, Identity and Reforms in
Finland's Return Immigration Policy 1990-2010. PhD. University College London: School of
Slavonic and East European Studies. Available at:
Prindiville, N. and Hjelm, T. (2018). The "secularization" and ethnicization of migration
discourse: the Ingrian Finnish Right to Return in Finnish politics. Ethnic and Racial Studies,
41(9), pp. 1574-1593.
Reuter, A. and Kyntäjä, E. (2006). Kansainvälinen avioliitto ja stigma. In: Martikainen, T. ed,
Ylirajainen kulttuuri: etnisyys Suomessa 2000-luvulla, Helsinki: SKS, pp.104-125.
Rutz, H. J. (1992). The Politics of Time. Amer Anthropological Assn.
Sarvijärvi, I. and Sarvijärvi, M. (1998).Language Contacts in Ingrian-Finnish, In: Teinonen,
M. and Virtanen, T. ed., Ingrians and Neighbours: Focus on the eastern Baltic Sea region,
Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society,pp.23-47.
Sclater, S. D. (1998). Creating the self: Stories as transitional phenomena. Auto/Biography,
6(1-2), pp.85-92.

50

Silvery, R. (2004). Power, difference and mobility: feminist advances in migration studies.
Progress in Human Geography, 28(4), pp.490-506.
Simon, S. (1996). Gender in Translation: Cultural Identity and the Politics of Transmission.
London and New York: Routledge.
Skaptadóttir, U. D., and Toivanen, M. ed., Undoing Homogeneity in the Nordic Region:
Migration, Difference, and the Politics of Solidarity. London and New York: Routledge, pp.
103-118.
Skeggs, B. (2003). Class, Self, Culture. London: Routledge.
Smith, A. L. (2003). Europe's Invisible Migrants. Amsterdam University Press.
Spijkerboer, T. (2018). The Global Mobility Infrastructure: Reconceptualising the
Externalisation of Migration Control. European Journal of Migration and Law 20,
pp.452-469, DOI: 10.1163/15718166-12340038
Svašek, M. (2010). On the Move: Emotions and Human Mobility. Journal of Ethnic and
Migration Studies, 36(6), pp. 865-880, DOI: 10.1080/13691831003643322
Sverdljuk, J. (2009). Contradicting the 'Prostitution Stigma'. In: Keskinen, S., Sara, T., Irni, S.
and Mulinari, D. ed, In: Complying with Colonialism: Gender, Race, and Ethnicity in the
Nordic Region. UK: Ashgate, pp.137-153.
Temple, B. (2001). Polish Families A Narrative Approach. Journal of Family Issues, 22(3),
pp.386-399.
Temple, B. (2002). Crossed Wires: Intepreters, Translators, and Bilingual Workers in
Cross-Language Research. Qualitative Health Research, 12(6), pp.844-854.
Temple, B. and Edwards, R. (2002). Interpreters/Translators and Cross-Language Research:
Reflexivity and Border Crossings, International Institute for Qualitative Methodology (IIQM),
1(2), pp. 1-12.
Tervonen, M., Pallander, S. and Yuval-Davis, N. (2018). Everyday Bordering in the Nordic
Countries. Nordic Journal of Migration Research, 8(3), pp.139-142.
Tietz, S., Tansley, C. and Helinek, E. (2017). The translator as agent in management
knowledge transfer, International Journal of Cross Cultural Management, 17(1), pp.151-169.
Toivanen, M. (2014). The Visual Lexica of (National) Belonging and Non-belonging in the
Accounts of Young Kurds in Finland. Nordic Journal of Migration Research, 4(4),
pp.192-200.
Tsing, A. (2005). Friction. Princeton University Press.
Tsuda, T. (2010). Ethnic return migration and the nation-state: encouraging the diaspora to
return 'home'. Nations and Nationalism, 16(4), pp.616-636.

51

Varjonen, S., Arnold, L., and Jasinskaya-Lahti, I. (2013). 'We're Finns here, and Russians
there': A longitudinal study on ethnic identity construction in the context of ethnic migration.
Discourse and Society, 24(1), pp.110-134.
Vathi, Z. and King, R. (2011). Return Visits of the Young Albanian Second Generation in
Europe: Contrasting Themes and Comparative Host-Country Perspective. Mobilities, 6(4),
pp.503-518.
Viimaranta, H., Protassova, E. and Mustajoki, A. (2018). Russian-Speakers in Finland: The
ambiguities of a growing minority. P.U.F. Revue d' éudes comparatives Est-Quest, 4(4),
pp.95-128.
Waldinger, R. (2015). The Cross-Border Connection. Harvard University Press.
Waldinger, R. (2017). A cross-border perspective on migration: beyond the assimilation
/transnationalism debate. Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies, 43(1), pp.3-17.
Wimmer, A. and Glick Schiller. (2003). Methodological Nationalism, the Social Sciences,
and the Study of Migration: An Essay in Historical Epistemology. The Center for Migration
Studies of New York, 37(3), pp.576-610.
Wong, J. and Poon, M. (2010). Bringing Translation Out of the Shadows: Translation as an
Issue of Methodological Significance in Cross-Cultural Qualitative Research, Journal of
Transcultural Nursing, 21(2), pp.151-158.
Urponen, M. (2008). Monikulttuurinen parisuhde ja suomalaisen julkisuuden
sukupuolittuneet luokkakuvat. In: Tolonen, T. ed, Yhteiskuntaluokka ja sukupuoli. Tampere:
Vastapaino, pp.122-145.
Urry, J. (2007). Mobilities. Cambridge: Polity.
Yalaz, E. and Zapata-Barrero, R. (2018). Mapping the Qualitative Migration Research in
Europe: An Exploratory Analysis. In: Yalaz, E. and Zapata-Barrero, R. ed., Qualitative
Research in European Migration Studies, IMISCOE Research Series, pp.9-31.
Yuval-Daivis, N. (1997). Gender and Nation. London: SAGE Publications Ltd.
Yuval-Davis, N. (2006). Belonging and the politics of belonging. Patterns of Prejudice, 40(3),
pp.197-214.
Yuval-Daivis, N., Anthias, F. and Kofman, E. (2006). Secure borders and safe haven and the
genedered politics of belonging: Beyond social cohesion. Ethnic and Racial Studies. 28(3).
pp. 513-535, DOI: 10.1080/0141987042000337867
Yuval-Davis, N. (2010). Theorizing identity: beyond the 'us' and 'them' dichotomy, Patterns
of Prejudice, 44(3), pp.261-280.
Yuval-Davis, N. (2011). The Politics of Belonging: Intersectional Contestations. SAGE
Publication Ltd.

52

Yuval-Davis, N., Wemyss, F. and Cassidy, K. (2018). Everday Bordering, Belonging and the
Reorientation of British Immigration Legislation, Sociology, 52(2), pp.228-244, DOI:
10.1177/0038038517702599
Yuval-Davis, N., Wemyss, G. and Cassidy, K. (2019). Bordering. Cambridge: Polity Press.
Ylijoki, O. (2010). Future orientations in episodic labour: Short-term academics as a case in
point. Time and Society, 19(3), pp.365-386, DOI: 10.1177/0961463X10356220
Yıldız, C. and De Genova, N. (2018). Un/Free mobility: Roma migrants in the European
Union. Social Indentities. 24(4), pp. 425-441.
Zadneprovskaya, A. (1998). The Ingrian-Finnish remigrants: Factors preventing and
promoting integration, In: Teinonen, M. and Virtanen, T. ed., Ingrians and Neighbours:
Focus on the eastern Baltic Sea region, Helsinki: Finnish Literature Society, pp.85-97.

53

