Customer Intimacy and Key Account Management:
building the foundation for B2B Customer Experience

Lisa Haltia

Master’s Thesis in International Business Administration
Supervisor: Maria Ivanova-Gongne & Nikolina Koporcic
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and
Economics
Åbo Akademi University
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and Economics
Abstract for Master’s Thesis
Subject: International Business Administration
Writer: Lisa Haltia
Title: Customer Intimacy and Key Account Management: building the foundation
for B2B Customer Experience
Supervisor: Maria Ivanova-Gongne

Supervisor: Nikolina Koporcic

Abstract:
Customer experience management keeps intriguing both scholars and practitioners
as it provides a foundation for long-term customer relationships. Despite B2B
organizations focus on long-term customer relationships, past research has
overlooked the area and focused on consumer markets, which has resulted in a lack
of understanding of how B2B organizations utilize efficient customer experience
strategies.
This thesis aims to explore how the customer experience should be managed in B2B
markets and whether key account management and customer intimacy can be
perceived as building foundations of customer experience management. Based on
previous research customer intimacy and key account management have received
recognition in scholars, but rather as separate topics, instead of variables influencing
each other. The research is prepared as an assignment for a multinational
corporation. A qualitative research method was utilized, with nine semi-structural
interviews conducted with professionals of the case company.
The results show that a shared vision can be observed, with a mutual aim to improve
the selling companys’ competitive advantage in the long-term. The findings imply
that key account management, customer intimacy, and customer experience share
mutual value drivers, such as trust and consistency. The results elaborate that
customer intimacy and key account management can be perceived as building the
foundations for B2B customer experience management. Yet, customer insight is
perceived to deliver the foundations for customer intimacy and key account
management.

ii

In conclusion, this thesis introduces a theoretical framework that presents customer
experience management as an ongoing and dynamic process with elements
influencing each other.
Key definitions: Customer Experience Management, B2B Customer Experience,
Key Account Management, Customer Intimacy, Customer Insight
Date: 17.05.2021
Number of pages: 78 (86)

iii

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1.

INTRODUCTION

1

1.1

Aim and research questions

3

1.2

Terms and definitions

3

1.3

Limitations

4

1.4

Structure of the thesis

5

2.

LITERATURE REVIEW

2.1
Customer Experience
2.1.1 Customer Experience Management

6
6
8

2.2

Customer Insight and Customer Relationship Management

13

2.3

Key Account Management

15

2.4

Customer Intimacy

21

2.5

The Theoretical Framework

25

3.

RESEARCH METHOD

27

3.1

Qualitative Research

27

3.2

Semi-structured interview

28

3.3

Probing

29

3.4

Validity & Reliability

30

3.5

Data Sources

31

3.6

Data Analysis

33

4.

EMPIRICAL FINDINGS

35

4.1
Data Analysis
4.1.1 Key Account Management
4.1.2 Customer Insight
4.1.3 Customer Intimacy
4.1.4 Customer Experience Management

35
35
40
43
47

5.

53

RESULTS

5.1 Key Account Management

53

5.2 Customer Insight and Customer Relationship Management

57

iv

5.3 Customer Intimacy

59

5.4 Customer Experience Management

61

6.

65

CONCLUSION AND DISCUSSION

6.1 Conclusions

65

6.2 Discussion

66

6.3 Theoretical Implications

67

6.4 Managerial Implications

68

6.5 Limitations and Future Research

69

7. SUMMARY IN SWEDISH – SVENSK SAMMANFATTNING

71

REFERENCES

79

APPENDICES

85

LIST OF FIGURES AND TABLES
FIGURE 1. A CONCEPTUAL FRAMEWORK TO MANAGE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE IN B2B
MARKETS .................................................................................................................................................. 12
FIGURE 2. ACCOUNT CLASSIFICATION AND ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES .................... 18
FIGURE 3. RESOURCE-BASED KAM FRAMEWORK .................................................................................... 19
FIGURE 4. THE THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK APPLIED IN THIS STUDY ............................................... 26
FIGURE 5. THE THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK ............................................................................................. 67

TABLE 1. THE PARTICIPANTS......................................................................................................................... 32

v

1. Introduction
In a global business environment filled with competition and price pressure,
organizations need to adapt to the evolving markets to meet the needs of the modern
business world. Today, globalization, technological development, and demographic
changes are creating new opportunities and threats for organizations. The evolving
business environment with multiple options available has intensified the role of the
customer (Walker, 2014). Hence, the product, price, place, and promotion are not
driving the competition. Instead, customer relationships and service design are vital
to notice. In business-to-business (B2B) markets, the transition towards relationshipbased interactions is noteworthy. Consequently, B2B markets have evolved towards
customer focus providing value in use for the customers. (Hakanen, Helander, and
Valkokari, 2017)
The growing interest in customer experience has arisen from marketing studies in the
1970s along with differentiation strategies to customer satisfaction and service
quality (Palmer, 2010). However, customer experience interprets the customer
journey as a whole, not necessarily dividing it into good or bad. Despite the greater
emphasis on service dominance in the B2B markets the focus of customer experience
in academia has mainly focused on consumer markets (McColl-Kennedy,
Gustafsson, Jaakkola, Klaus, Radnor, Perks and Friman, 2015). Hence, the B2B
markets have a lack of sufficient evidence of customer experience strategies.
B2B customer relationships exceed organizational boundaries to achieve improved
cooperation. Noticeably, knowledge sharing has become a vital tool within industrial
customer relationships and is considered to improve the customer experience.
(Hakanen et al., 2017) The B2B markets are traditionally dependent on fewer
customers who contribute with greater profit (O'Brien, Liu, Chen, and Lusch, 2020).
Therefore, a greater value should be emphasized in maintaining these relationships.
With customer experience management, the selling company could receive valuable
information and extend the length of the relationship.
Customer experience is an interactive process consisting of the customers’ response
towards the received performance (Lemon and Verhoef, 2016; Rantala, Vuori, and
Kärkkäinen, 2017). Today, customer experience is an important aspect of
organizations’ overall competitive advantage to understand the customers’ needs and
1

desires, in order to create long-term customer relationships (Zolkiewski et al., 2017).
The complexity of customer experience management, thus, creates challenges, as
customer experience consists of several senses and is a combination of various
elements contributing to an individual experience during the entire customer journey
(McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015; Zolkiewski et al., 2017).
To profoundly understand the customers’ experience, customer insight should be
collected continuously (Rantala et al., 2017). Customer insight enables companies to
understand their customers but might be difficult to achieve due to the dynamic
nature. Customer insight is gathered by active interaction with the selling company’s
customers through investigating the spoken and unspoken needs, wants, and desires
(Price and Wrigley, 2016). Nevertheless, not all insight can be utilized to understand
each of the customers better. Therefore, many companies in the B2B markets decide
to focus on fewer but strategically important customers. In addition, many companies
adopt key account management (KAM) to provide exceptional service for
strategically important business partners in the long term. By focusing on fewer but
strategically important customers, the selling company can utilize a customer
intimacy value discipline, that incorporates a customer-centric approach. Customer
intimacy focuses on gathering valuable customer insight to create long-term
relationships and increase loyalty (Treacy & Wiersema, 1993). KAM and customer
intimacy incorporate customer-centric approaches that could, further, deliver value to
customer experience management by providing intimate insight from strategic
partnerships.
This research is prepared as an assignment for a multinational corporation that is a
producer of renewable diesel. Due to identification reasons, the company will be
hereafter referred to as the case company. The case company has increased interest in
customer focus and B2B customer experience, wherefore, this research is carried out
in cooperation with the company.
As stated, previous academic scholars have overlooked the area of B2B customer
experience. To the author’s knowledge, there has not been any research conducted in
the markets of renewable fuels and customer experience nor in investigating
customer intimacy and KAM through the lens of customer experience. Hence, this
research is important both for academia and practice.
2

1.1 Aim and research questions
This research aims to provide a clear understanding of how the customer experience
should be managed in B2B markets. The specific purpose is investigating whether
KAM and customer intimacy are building the foundations for B2B customer
experience management. Therefore, customer experience management together with
customer insight, KAM, and customer intimacy are marketing literature incorporated
in this research.
This research strives to disclose how the customer experience should be managed
with a customer intimacy value discipline and, further, how key accounts should be
managed to execute it. The focus lies on investigating how customer insight should
be collected and applied to understand the customers’ experience. Moreover, the
practical goal is to elaborate on suitable solutions for the case company to utilize in
customer experience management.
This thesis focuses on answering the following research questions:
[1] How can organizations improve the B2B customer experience when adopting
customer intimacy?
[2] How can key account management support the realization of successful customer
experience and customer intimacy?
[3] What are the implications of key account management and customer intimacy for
B2B customer experience management?

1.2 Terms and definitions
This thesis is supported by academic literature that provides the theoretical
framework for the study. Furthermore, the thesis will consist of several key terms,
introduced next. The definitions aim to provide foundational understanding to the
reader. These topics will, further, be discussed in the literature review.
The following key terms provide a basic understanding of the research.
Customer Experience is the customer’s repeated response consisting of any direct or
indirect touchpoints with the selling company, during the entire customer journey
(McColl-Kennedy et al. 2015; Lemon and Verhoef, 2016).
3

Customer Insight refers to customer knowledge that profoundly understands the
needs, wants, and desires of the customer now and in the future. Customer insight
captures both spoken and unspoken information. (Price and Wrigley, 2016)
Customer Intimacy is a customer-centric value discipline, that emphasizes gathering
valuable customer insight, to create long-lasting relationships with the customers
(Kai‐Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou, 2012).
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) can be seen as a competitive advantage
that increases customer satisfaction. With the help of CRM, companies can track
their customer journeys and provide suitable offerings for individual needs and
desires. (Chen and Popovich, 2003)
Key Account Management (KAM) emphasizes the importance of managing
strategically important partnerships in the long term. For the selling company, the
key customers in the customer portfolio are particularly important for the future
development of the company (Svens, Leischnig, Pardo, Niersbachd, 2018).
Renewable fuels refer to fuel that is fully produced from renewable raw materials
and, hence, contributes to reducing greenhouse gas emissions (Rainey, 2010).

1.3 Limitations
In this research, the focus lies on investigating the customer experience management
of the case company’s customers in Europe and America. Yet, the focus of customer
experience management only incorporates the perspective of the case company.
Consequently, any customers of the case company will not be contacted for this
research.
Customer experience is a multidimensional topic that further reforms depending on
the complexity of the customer journey (Lemon & Verhoef, 2016). Often the B2B
customer journeys can be complex with the “end-user” being a customer of the
customer. As the case company is a producer of renewable fuels the supply chain can
be complex. Therefore, the research will only focus on customer experience
management regarding the case company’s direct customers.
The research will focus on a holistic approach that covers essential theories
associated with customer experience management. The focus will lie on capturing
4

marketing literature adopted in B2B customer experience management, rather than
finding one suitable tool to manage customer experience.

1.4 Structure of the thesis
This research consists of six main chapters that are presented next. Initially, the
thesis starts with a coherent introduction to the topic, presenting the research aim and
research questions. The introduction is followed by a literature review that
incorporates relevant academic literature. The literature review will consist of four
main topics, customer experience, customer insight, KAM, and customer intimacy
supported by needed subheadings. The literature review presents the key implications
for this research, which are gathered from academic journals, books, e-sources, and
previous research. The literature review includes a summarizing chapter that
concludes the theoretical implications and provides a theoretical framework for this
research.
In the third part of the thesis, the research method is introduced. The method aims to
provide the reader with a clear understanding of how the research is conducted. It,
further, explains the validity and reliability of the research.
The empirical findings introduce the implications of the interviews and provide
meaningful research data. The fifth chapter introduces the results of the research and
combines the literature review findings and empirical findings. Finally, a
comprehensive summary of the research is prepared to conclude the final
recommendations. Lastly, the research will end with a Swedish summary.

5

2. Literature review
This chapter presents a comprehensive literature review on the most important topics
related to the research questions presented above. The literature review is divided
into four main sections starting with introducing customer experience.

2.1 Customer Experience
Today, customer experience is a vital part of organizations’ overall competitive
advantage to understand the customers’ needs and desires, to create long-term
customer relationships (Zolkiewski et al., 2017). Customer experience is a crucial
part of the whole customer journey and captures all direct and indirect interaction the
customer has with the organization. It also contributes that the selling company
cannot control all the interactions. (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015) According to
Schwager and Meyer (2007), the direct interactions occur during the purchase or
usage of the company solutions, while the indirect interactions occur uninitiated by
observing the brand or via word of mouth. Customer experience can, further, be
described as a holistic response that occurs from an interaction between the customer
and the company (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015). Customer experience can also be
perceived through the customer’s capability to distinguish the received advantage
(Ojasalo, 2001a).
Customer experience has received notably more attention in academic scholars
focused on consumer markets. Whereas the recognitions towards customer
experience in B2B markets still intervene on sufficient understanding. (McCollKennedy et al., 2015; Zolkiewski et al., 2017). In a B2B customer relationship, the
selling company is dependent on fewer customers that contribute with greater profit
(O'Brien et al., 2020). Therefore, a greater value should be emphasized in
maintaining the relationships. However, the complex nature of B2B markets is vital
to observe.
According to Rantala et al. (2017) customers in B2B markets emphasize different
aspects of the customer experience than in consumer markets. The authors highlight
that bigger emphasis is put on the value in use. Therefore, selling companies should
obtain information on how to create added value for their existing customers. The
customer journeys also vary from the consumer markets, as complex relationships.
6

Yet, a great customer experience can add value to each part of the customer journey
(Schwager & Meyer, 2007). The customer journeys involve several parties from the
customer and the selling company. It also increases the number of interactions and
touchpoints between the parties and contributes to a multidimensional nature. The
selling company can control some of the interactions but is unlikely to control many,
such as the influence of others. (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015)
Previous academic scholars have focused on reviewing customer experience through
the moment of truth and service blueprinting, as a part of service marketing. The
approach has later been disapproved to focus on consistent unchanged variables,
rather than an ongoing process that continues to evolve during the customer journey.
This is prevalent since the relationship also evolves with the maturity of the
relationship. (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015). The evolving relationships have, thus,
been observed by authors before. Ford (1980) argues that companies need to
understand the difference between customers in different maturity stages to proceed
with suitable management of the relationship, as the requirements may vary across
their development. Therefore, relationships should be categorized according to their
maturity by the selling company, to being able to manage the relationship as
efficiently as possible.
Lemon and Verhoef (2016) identify customer experience as a repeated response
consisting of all touchpoints the customer has with the selling company. Customer
experience, further, evolves and reshapes during the evolution of the customer
journey, wherefore, the different stages of the customer relationships should be
observed. Major variations can be observed in how new customers versus mature
customers evaluate the customer experience (McColl-Kennedy et al. 2015; Ojasalo,
2001a). As the relationship evolves during the journey, various touchpoints also
impact the overall experience. Ojasalo (2001a) states that new customers often might
have unrealistic and even unclear views on the experience, while mature customers
have more demanding expectations. Nevertheless, new customers often emphasize
the outcome of short-term benefits, while mature relationships emphasize the longterm value. Ojasalo (2001a) urges to highlight both the short-term and long-term
benefits to the customers, not depending on the maturity of the relationship.

7

Zolkiewski et al. (2017) explain that the relationships often cross organizational
boundaries and might involve several client-customer relationships. Therefore,
different stakeholders might have different perceptions of the overall experience, due
to their different roles. Hence, suitable measurement tools need to be adapted to
evaluate the overall experience on various levels. The experience consists of several
individual perceptions, that most likely differ from each other due to different
customer journeys. According to Zolkiewski et al. (2017), the aim is to utilize the
captured knowledge of customer experience to reinforce the positive implications
that contribute to extended customer relationships. The authors, further, explain that
in a B2B context, customer experience is more likely to focus on factors, as
decreased costs, and easiness of doing business (Zolkiewski et al., 2017).

2.1.1 Customer Experience Management
Customer experience has been identified to vary between time and people. This also
creates challenges in measuring customer experience. According to Palmer (2010),
customer experience is difficult to measure due to the complex nature and interactive
characteristics. Therefore, the typical questioners were perceived as insufficient to
measure customer experience. (Palmer, 2010)
Zolkiewski et al. (2017) criticize that organizations gather massive amounts of data
regarding their customers but are unlikely to measure the aspects that matter. The
authors stress that measuring customer experience both requires determination and
time from the selling company and the customer company. Hence, the frequency of
evaluations should be thoroughly planned. To gather the information, utilization of
technology is also needed, to capture and analyze large amounts of data. (Zolkiewski
et al., 2017)
Today, the customers receive an intensified role in the relationship, as they can be
perceived as co-creators that even have a greater influence on the selling company
itself (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015). The authors, further, explain the expanded role
of the customer in the measurement of the customer experience, allowing the
customer to determine how involved they want to be, depending on their resources.
This means that the customers can determine how important they consider being
involved in the selling companies’ customer experience management.

8

McColl-Kennedy et al. (2015, p. 431) highlight three urgent aspects to consider
while managing customer experience; “[1] broadening the role of customers in
customer experience; [2] taking a practice-based approach to customer experience;
[3] recognizing the holistic, dynamic nature of customer experience across all
touchpoints and over time.” McColl-Kennedy et al. (2015) suggest a practice-based
approach to highlight the incorporation of multi-actor dimensions, meaning that all
parties involved influence each other. The holistic nature of customer experience
should be captured as the relationship evolves. The selling company needs to capture
data from various channels to determine characteristics that affect the experience in
various stages of the relationship. For the selling company to understand the
customer experience, all touchpoints and interactions with the customer company
should be identified and observed, both direct and indirect. (McColl-Kennedy et al.,
2015)
Zolkiewski et al. (2017) stress that the B2B markets create challenges for customer
experience management since the relationship often involves multiple parties and
touchpoints. Therefore, direct, and indirect interactions are various, and the overall
experience is difficult to capture since it consists of several individual assumptions
during the whole customer journey. The authors criticize that customer experience is
rarely measured as a whole, but rather as a defined part of the customer journey. The
authors stress that it does not necessarily give accurate and trustworthy results, as the
customer is most likely unable to distinguish some part of the experience and rather
views it as a holistic overall experience. (Zolkiewski et al., 2017)
Today, two simple metrics that evaluate the customer experience are Net Promoter
Score (NPS) and Customer Effort Score (CES). However, these metrics are not
investigating which part of the experience the customer is rating, as the focus lies on
a holistic approach, whether the customer is happy or not with performance.
(Zolkiewski et al., 2017) Since these two measurement tools fail in investigating the

experience thoroughly, alternative solutions have arisen.
As we can see, the evaluation of the experience also requires time from the customer.
Hence, filling complex surveys regarding the experience might not be seen as
particularly important for the customer. McColl-Kennedy et al. (2019) suggest
involving both qualitative and quantitative data to guarantee accuracy. Thus, the
9

focus should be on quality rather than quantity. Companies should focus on capturing
higher response rates through fewer questions to rise accuracy. Palmer (2010)
identifies that customer experience should be measured from a phenomenological
perspective, overseeing experience only as an activity by incorporating
characteristics such as emotion and hedonism.
As McColl-Kennedy et al. (2015) explain, to further understand the customer
experience, the selling company needs to capture all the interaction with the
customer company. The customer experience also varies depending on the purpose
the customer has to execute, which for the selling company is difficult to distinguish.
Therefore, all direct and indirect interactions should be captured, for the selling
company to be able to understand the comprehensive ideology of the customer.
Rantala et al. (2017) explain that customer experience can be obtained through online
and offline interactions. Online interactions are often numerous and not limited to a
specific time, whereas offline interactions are limited to business hours and are
specifically shaped by personal contact (Rantala et al., 2017). The authors stress that
customer experience is both verbal and nonverbal, as the experience is shaped by
interactions and presumptions with the selling company and its brand.
For the selling company to grasp the most accurate data regarding the customer
experience, new and up-to-date data should be collected continuously, to capture
how the customer experience evolved during the customer journey. (McCollKennedy et al., 2015) Similar implications are observed by Ojasalo (2001a) who
argues that constant evaluation of the customer journeys is required for the selling
company to please the needs of the customers. Ojasalo (2001a) states that companies
need to embrace the changes occurring during different stages. McColl-Kennedy et
al. (2015) highlight that research should be conducted to evaluate which
measurements have a positive impact on the customer experience, considering
various channels. By gathering valuable insight from the customer’s perspective, the
selling company maintains a valuable asset. Therefore, various channels should be
conducted to gather valuable information with a systematic approach. However,
many organizations fail to do so, as customer insight is seldomly collected
systematically. (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015)

10

In this research, the different phases during the customer journey are perceived
through touchpoints. McColl-Kennedy et al. (2019) argue that the journey should be
observed from the customer's perspective. McColl-Kennedy et al. (2015) suggest that
the selling company should first obtain information through all existing touchpoints
and interactions across the entire customer journey. Next, the selling company should
investigate how the customer experience evolved during the entire customer journey.
Rantala et al. (2017), however, criticize that customer experience should not only be
managed through tangible touchpoints.
Lemon and Verhofen (2016, p.85) categorize four touchpoints to determine the
customer experience: brand-owned, partner-owned, customer-owned, and external.
The brand-owned touchpoints are controlled by the selling company while customerowned touchpoints are controlled by the customer company, which the selling
company has no control over. The partner-owned touchpoints can, for instance, be
loyalty programs. The external touchpoints again are interactions that either have a
positive or negative impact on the overall customer experience throughout the entire
journey.
McColl-Kennedy et al. (2019) state that the knowledge regarding customer
experience is not utilized as efficiently as possible, due to a lack of understanding of
which customer insight improves the customer experience. Therefore, the authors
identify new ways of capturing, managing and improving customer experience with
customer insight. Lemon and Verhoef (2016) suggest investigating customer
experience throughout customer journeys, by focusing on certain touchpoints from
the customer’s perspective during the customer journey. McColl-Kennedy et al.
(2019), thus, identify that a conceptual framework is needed to manage the customer

11

experience in B2B markets. The authors introduce a model that investigates brandowned post-purchase.

Figure 1. A conceptual framework to manage customer experience in B2B markets (McColl-Kennedy
et al., 2019, p. 12)

McColl-Kennedy et al. (2019) identify four ways of evaluating customer experience
from the customer’s perspective. The implication is that the customer experience is
perceived [1] through various touchpoints that investigate [2] value creation
elements such as, resources, activities, interactions, context, and the customer role,
[3] discrete emotions such as joy, love, surprise, anger, sadness, and fear and finally
through [4] cognitive responses including complaints, compliments, or suggestions
(McColl-Kennedy et al., 2019, p.12)

As the model perceives customer experience through customer journeys, McCollKennedy et al. (2019) identify the six advantages as a result of adopting the model.
First, companies receive specific information regarding the experience in specific
touchpoints, from the customer's perspective. Second, companies can identify the
underlying meaning in how value is co-created. Third, companies receive knowledge
on what created unsatisfied relationships. Fourth, better customer understanding can
be achieved by evaluating their responses. Fifth, companies can identify decreasing
customer value in time, and finally, improved customer prioritization that translates
to improved customer experience.
As discussed, customer experience management is an evolving metric that can
increase the selling companys’ value tremendously, by understanding the customer
experience. However, various tools need to be utilized to maintain a high score in
12

customer experience. To receive a high score of customer experience companies
need to maintain the relationship by interpreting customer information. Therefore,
customer insight should be collected to succeed in customer experience management.

2.2 Customer Insight and Customer Relationship Management
Customer insight is gathered by active interaction with the selling company’s
customers, through investigating the customers’ spoken and unspoken needs, wants,
and desires (Price & Wrigley, 2016). Companies that have achieved a high level of
customer insight are also stated to receive a better understanding of customer
experience. Hence, companies are encouraged to view customers as individuals
rather than segments or regions. (Liedkta, 2011).
Customer insight is vital for companies to understand their customers (Rantala et al.,
2017). The authors highlight that customer insight in B2B markets can improve
innovation, as customer needs can be met more accurately. In B2B markets,
customer insight can be collected from various channels. Today, digital channels are
one of the main sources of information. (Rantala et al.,2017) However, it is a
challenge to capture customer insight from various sources.
Rantala et al. (2017) differentiate customer insight from customer information, as an
approach that focuses on customer knowledge by gathering valuable data that is hard
to imitate. To be able to retain long-lasting customer relationships, customer insight
is crucial. In B2B markets the customers are stated to emphasize more the value in
use. (Hakanen et al., 2107; Rantala et al. 2017) Therefore, the selling company
should focus on understanding how to create added value for the customer. With
customer insight, greater value can also be delivered to customers (Price & Wrigley,
2016).
Rantala et al. (2017) highlight the challenges in receiving data from various digital
sources as digital channels also increase the number of touchpoints. The channels
should be thoroughly categorized, for the selling company to collect relevant data
from their customers. Due to the complexity of customer insight, selling companies
need to understand which channels to utilize in specific stages of the customer
journey. Rantala et al. (2017) explain that different touchpoints throughout the
customer journey provide fluctuating insights of the customers.
13

A high level of customer insight is still the goal companies want to achieve.
Nevertheless, customer understanding is vital for companies to retain their position
in the market. To receive customer insight segmentation and customer relationship
management (CRM) programs are required. With the help of CRM programs,
companies can maintain their competitive advantage in the market filled with
competition and price pressure. (Bailey, Baines, Wilson, & Clark, 2009) In mature
customer relationships, customer insight enables to provide solutions that increase
the value in use for the customer. Often selling companies hope to achieve a better
customer experience with it. (Ojasalo, 2001a)
Greenberg (2010) explains that with the evolvement of CRM, more accurate, and
vital customer insight can be gathered. As a result, CRM can be seen as a valid
source for customer insight. Greenberg (2010), further, explains that today traditional
ways of achieving customer data are no longer enough to retrieve accurate customer
knowledge. Companies must customize the interactions with their customers, to
encourage customers to share the insight. Greenberg (2010) states that previously
CRM tools were not helping to receive customer insight as they mostly emphasized
the amount of data. Later, the accuracy of customer insight became vital, and many
companies emphasized true customer knowledge provided even voluntarily by the
customers.
Chen and Popovich (2003) highlight CRM as a vital part of a company’s overall
performance measurement. It can be perceived as a strategic approach to acquire,
maintain, and improve customer relationships by understanding them. Moreover,
emphasis should lie on how CRM can improve the customer experience. Ojasalo
(2001a) explains that while wanting to maintain long-lasting relationships, customer
experience should be seen as a vital part of CRM. Rodriguez and Honeycutt (2011)
explain that CRM aims to gather relevant data from customer interactions that the
company can utilize to provide suitable solutions for the customer and improve the
customer experience. A comprehensive CRM system enables the company to learn
from its customers and to use the knowledge to provide better value for the customer.
CRM facilitates all the interaction between the parties to improve the customer
relationship during the entire customer journey. The aim is to increase value for the
selling company and the customer company by increasing productivity and improve
the overall performance. (Chen &Popovich, 2003) To maintain successful CRM
14

systems, companies need to utilize a well-working technology to capture the data
(Chen &Popovich, 2003). Rantala et al. (2017) explain that purchase decisions in the
B2B markets are more rational than subjective. Through various digital channel’s the
customers also have several ways to share their satisfaction or dissatisfaction with
the selling company.
Often CRM is perceived as the operating power for building and maintaining
customer relationships. Today, CRM is considered as a competitive advantage and as
an important element of company strategies (Zeynep & Toker, 2012). With CRM the
selling company can capture customer knowledge in real-time and offer individual
and unique solutions. CRM also enables managing different customers in different
stages more efficiently. Furthermore, the focus should lie on implementing a tool that
manages customer behavior and interactions. (Zeynep & Toker, 2012).
Rantala et al. (2017) conclude that while using multiple tools to improve customer
knowledge and relationship management, one common issue occurs. Companies
collect huge amounts of data that need to be evaluated before proceeding into
customer insight. Nevertheless, not all knowledge can be utilized to understand the
customers better. Therefore, many companies operating in B2B markets decide to
focus on their most important customers. Hence, key account management is widely
used to improve the customer experience for strategically important business partners
by gathering customer insight from these strategic relationships.

2.3 Key Account Management
Key account management (KAM) plays a crucial part when managing customer
relationships in the B2B market environment. KAM refers to strategic partnerships,
with an initial aim to create long-term customer relationships by providing customers
with unique solutions (McDonald, Millman, and & Rogers, 1997). The authors
define KAM as a customer-centric approach in B2B customer relationship
management. KAM is particularly important due to the complex nature of the B2B
customer relationships, consisting of several parties involved in the decision-making.
Today, companies have put greater emphasis on managing their most important
customers that often contribute to greater revenue. (McDonald et al., 1997) With
KAM a set of employees are set together to provide exceptional service for the
customer, often consisting of sales, marketing, and procurement (Homburg,
15

Workman, & Jensen, 2002). Gosselin and Bauwen (2006), thus, argue that many
companies consider KAM as an activity only managed by the sales team. The
authors state that companies should view KAM as an integrated process covering
multiple departments associated with the customer company. Gosselin and Bauwen
(2006) continue, that strategic partnerships are often initiated by the selling company
and, hence, explain KAM as a proactive approach towards customer-centricity. Yet,
Ojasalo (2001a) explains that KAM can be seen as a vital tool for improving the
customer experience.
McDonald et al. (1997) state that strategic KAM is a vital part of organizations’
strategic approach in maintaining their competitive position. Wong (1998) explains
relation improvement as a vital part of account management to create strong
cooperation. Similar observations are made by Ojasalo (2001b) who claims KAM to
be a vital tool for relationship marketing. Ojasalo (2001b) continues to explain KAM
as:
“…the selling company's activities including identifying and analyzing
their key accounts and selecting suitable strategies and developing
operational level capabilities to build, grow, and maintain profitable
and long-lasting relationships with them.” (Ojasalo, 2001b, p. 201)
Various KAM definitions were presented above. In this thesis, KAM will be defined
as the case company’s strategic tool to build, maintain, and improve strategically
important partnerships in the long-term, to increase the mutual value.
KAM emphasizes the importance of managing partnerships that in the long term are
strategically important to the selling company. For the selling company to maintain
its competitive advantage in the future, the key customers are a necessity (Svens et
al., 2018). Kumar, Sharma, and Salo (2019) explain that key accounts evolve from
existing customer relationships due to their strategic importance with an initial aim to
increase the value of the dyad. Gosselin and Bauwen (2006) explain KAM as a
competitive strategy that focuses on the 20/80 approach, meaning that 20 percent of
the company’s customers contribute with 80 of the revenue. Therefore, companies
are urged to focus on fewer customers with greater strategic importance. McDonald
et al. (1997) explain that due to KAM, partnerships become more significant, and
cooperation between organizations increases.
16

Peters, Ivens, and Pardo (2020) explain that KAM exceeds organizational boundaries
and, hence, cross-functional methods are adapted. Cross-functional methods are
adapted to manage the resources externally with the customer company and
internally between peers and departments. (Guesalaga, Gabrielsson, Rogers, Ryals,
and Marcos, 2018) Similarly, Kumar et al. (2019) suggest incorporating a strategic
KAM model including internal and external approaches. To evaluate the
performance Kumar et al. (2019) suggest interpreting both the created and received
value, by interpreting factors such as sales, extended customer relationships, and
utilization of customer insight. In addition, portfolio management is introduced to
evaluate existing key accounts (Gök, 2009; Terho, 2009). The evaluations should
interpret both the relationship strength and business potential (Gök, 2009).
According to Gök (2009), previous scholars have not utilized customer insight as a
source of information enough but rather focuses on external forces affecting the
relationship, such as globalization. Zupancic (2008), however, argues that soft skills,
such as trust, are not emphasized enough in KAM. Previous scholars have focused on
categorizing customers according to their strategic contribution and later by the
profitability and growth potential. Today, the approach has evolved towards a
competitive advantage, where customer accounts are seen as long-term partners,
contributing with mutual benefits. (Zupancic, 2008)
According to Gosselin and Bauwen (2006, p. 377), five forces affect the transition
towards KAM, namely globalization, structure in B2B markets, the maturity of
markets, customer’s power, and development of technology. Kumar et al. (2019)
(2018) reinforce that increased competition has, further, enhanced the importance of
KAM. Major changes can be also seen in consumer behavior and technology
adaption. Hence, greater emphasis should be acknowledged on the resources required
for account management. (Guesalaga et al., 2018)
Gosselin and Bauwen (2006) introduce an account classification model that provides
the structure for four different account management models depending on their value
contribution.

17

Figure 2. Account classification and account management strategies (Gosselin & Bauwen, 2006,
p.379)

Four different account models are identified: key account; strategic account;
transactional account; or captive account (Gosselin & Bauwen, 2006, p.379). The
authors, thus, state that often the way is either towards strategic accounts or
transactional accounts. Gosselin and Bauwen (2006) conclude that not all accounts
require the key resources, as the selling company should carefully select which
account to focus on. If the company is determined to invest in the customer
relationship and unique solutions the account is considered as a strategic account.
With a reduced relationship effort and a focus on profit, a transactional account
model is applied. Gosselin and Bauwen (2006) stress that companies should decide
to either focus on customers, or on the efficiency of the company.
Guesalaga et al. (2018) describe KAM as a dynamic process that evolves during the
existence. Consequently, KAM should be seen as a strategic tool to find, establish,
and maintain customer relationships. Guesalaga et al. (2018) urge companies to
adopt a resource-based approach in KAM. To achieve it, resources and capabilities
contributing to KAM should be identified. Resources refer to tangible or intangible
company-based assets and capabilities to operational or dynamic abilities that utilize
the resources efficiently in the performance. (Guesalaga et al., 2018)

18

Figure 3. Resource-based KAM framework (Guesalaga et al., 2018, p.163)

Figure 3, introduces the resources and capabilities affecting strategic KAM. The
tangible resources highlight the importance of personnel and cross-functional teams,
providing added value for the customer. Nevertheless, organizational structure,
integrated processes, and training should be emphasized, to ensure the flow of
information. The intangible recourses have a great impact on the efficiency of KAM.
With support from the top management the company can ensure that the resources
are allocated correctly and in organizational alignment. Furthermore, the company
culture should have a customer-centric focus with support for cooperations and
cross-functional teams. Customer knowledge and relationship quality strive to
deliver value to the customers that competitors cannot copy. Hence, relationships
should involve trust and commitment. (Guesalaga et al., 2018)
The operational capabilities presented in figure 3, include key account selection,
relationship and trust-building, knowledge management, value proposition
development, team design and process coordination, and measurement and reward
(Guesalaga et al., 2018, p. 167). First, suitable key accounts should be recognized
towards identified criteria. Further, the relationship should be managed accordingly.
Yet, knowledge management is seen as vital to be able to convert customer
information into insight. By doing so, the company can implement KAM processes
to support the relationship which, further, improves the value proposition
development and customer experience. KAM design and process coordination can
improve sharing of customer insight between the cross-functional teams. Finally, the
19

performance measurement should consist of tools to evaluate the outcome of the
partnership, both covering shot- and long-term results. (Guesalaga et al., 2018)
Dynamic capabilities are required to co-operate with the changing market
environment and require capabilities, as market sensing, opportunity creation,
continuous improvement, and reconfiguration (Guesalaga et al., 2018, p. 168). With
market sensing the company strives to predict the future for its key customers by
investigating matters, such as financial numbers and the market environment. With
the help of market sensing, opportunity creation can be utilized, often with problemsolving skills and trust-building. To reach continuous improvement, portfolio
management should be conducted to predict which account to continue focusing on.
To overcome the turbulence in markets reconfiguration is needed, by focusing on
new approaches with innovation and flexibility.
As a result, KAM should be perceived as a dynamic approach that integrates,
maintains, and reshapes customer relationships in a constantly evolving market
environment. Nevertheless, both internal and external resources should be included.
(Guesalaga et al., 2018)
Zupancic (2008), thus, argues that companies do not have a mutual way to manage
their key accounts, since various models are implemented depending on the account
in question, as many organizations treat their key accounts differently. Previous
research also argued that organizations should separate on operational and corporate
KAM (Ojasalo, 2001b; Zupancic, 2008). In operational KAM, the focus lies on
individual customers, where the teams should primarily analyze the market and
provide suggestions depending on customer needs, company resources, and more.
Operational KAM consist of the realization of the applied strategy. Hence,
companies should decide on mutual ways of working with the customer. However,
corporate KAM perceives the whole KAM process holistically, as it should be
integrated and aligned with the corporate strategy and culture. Nevertheless, it should
be noted that organizations are not urged to implement a similar approach to manage
all key accounts (Zupancic, 2008). Five dimensions were identified that affect the
way organizations choose the key account model: [1] the company’s overall business
strategy to serve the customers [2] solution offered [3] people working in the
company [4] resources and ways of working [5] approaches and tool to interpret and
understand acquired data (Zupancic, 2008, p. 327).
20

As discussed, the management of key accounts can contribute with a greater value
for both the selling company and the customer company with close cooperation. The
choice of KAM depends on multiple factors, such as the resources and capabilities of
the selling company. Still, the purpose remains the same; to establish and retain a
strategically important partnership to improve both the competitive advantage. To
maintain the relationship, continual management of the relationships is required,
therefore, many organizations today adopt customer intimacy to better serve their
key customers with solutions offered to their personal needs. As stated by Gosselin
and Bauwen (2006) companies should either focus on customers or the efficiency of
the company. With customer intimacy, the focus is on customers. According to
Cochran (2004), customer intimacy can be seen as the relation between two parties,
where the selling company gathers actively knowledge of the customer to improve
the offerings. Furthermore, a customer intimacy value discipline becomes a business
model that many companies emphasize while wanting to maintain a customer-centric
approach and gain intimate knowledge of their key customers.

2.4 Customer Intimacy
Today, companies have needed to scale down their focus to become market leaders
in one of the value disciplines (Treacy & Wiersema, 1993). Together with
operational excellence and product leadership, customer intimacy is one of the three
value disciplines and incorporates a customer-centric approach. The aim is to create
long-term relationships with customers and increase loyalty. Yet, while focusing on
one value discipline the remaining two should meet the industry-specific
requirements. (Treacy & Wiersema, 1993) The roots of the philosophy establish from
relationship marketing and service dominance, where customers have high
expectations, which companies are trying to predict, to meet the need and desires
with unique solutions (Habryn, 2012). The emphasis should lie on the relationship
with a great impact on customer experience (Gobble, 2015). Customer insight
provides the foundation and the guiding idea for customer intimacy (Treacy and
Wiersema, 1993). Yet, customer intimacy goes beyond customer insight and focuses
on creating loyalty and commitment. (Gobble, 2015) By understanding the customer
in depth, more suitable solutions can be provided. Noticeably, customer intimacy
refers to gather customer insight that matters. Kai‐Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou (2012)
21

define customer intimacy as a tight relationship between the two parties, involved
with understanding and appreciation. The authors continue to explain customer
intimacy as vital for maintaining business relationships. Cochran (2004) explains
customer intimacy as a customer knowledge approach, where the company sees the
customer as their key asset. Customer intimacy is, further, stated to replace CRM and
create new opportunities for organizations, such as a stronger market position (Osei,
2017).
According to Habryn (2012, p. 42), four main characteristics can be noticed in a
customer intimacy strategy. The implications are that the discipline [1] creates value
to the customer, [2] is built on relationships, [3] does not necessarily separate
products and services, [4] and utilized insight to maintain the competitive advantage.
As a result, companies adopting customer intimacy want to achieve a market-leading
position by understanding customers thoroughly. Habryn (2012) emphasizes that
customer intimacy should be interpreted both by managing the relationship and
managing customer knowledge.
Habryn, Blau, Satzger, and Kölmel (2010) state that to achieve a competitive
advantage from customer intimacy, companies need to carefully observe customer
insight. Similarly, Treacy and Wiersema (1993) explain that companies focusing on
customer intimacy can offer tailored products for individual needs, which is more
likely to extend the customer journey and increase loyalty. Therefore, the emphasis
often lies on the overall customer relationship value, rather than on a single purchase.
Consequently, the relationships are perceived in the long term.
As observed, customer intimacy is built from markering scholars and customer
insight. In this research, customer intimacy is perceived as a customer centricapproach that aims to create long-term relationships and increase loyalty to improve
the competitive advantage.
With customer intimacy, the selling company can offer unique solutions to increase
customer value. This requires a well-designed relationship, and a close understanding
of the customers’ needs and wants. Customer intimacy strategies are, hence, well
adapted in developed markets with high competition. (Habryn et al., 2012) The
authors argue that to become a solution selling market leader, customer intimacy
should be adapted in the overall strategy to meet the high expectations of the
22

customers. Cochran (2004), thus, argues that receiving insightful information
regarding customers might be challenging, as a customer might not be willing to
provide the information nor understand what the information is utilized for. Cochran
(2004) continues to explain that while gathering the intimate information various
tools are acquired to manage the knowledge accordingly. Habryn (2012) stresses that
CRM systems alone do not provide enough information to utilize a customer
intimacy strategy, as much more emphasis should be put on managing the degree of
customer intimacy.
Furthermore, Kai‐Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou (2012, p. 371) reinforce customer
intimacy with three dimensions that are all required, closeness, value perception, and
mutual understanding. The authors state that by implementing a customer intimacy
approach, positive implications can be observed. The outcome is that commitment,
loyalty, and availability of customers increases. Moreover, the research implicates
that trust and commitment are seen as crucial factors contributing to customer
intimacy. (Kai‐Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou, 2012) Customer intimacy enables
organizations to provide unique solutions for their customers and, hence, helps the
organization to stand out from competitors (Habryn et al., 2012). According to
Treacy & Wiersema (1993), a customer intimacy value discipline focuses on
building long-lasting customer relationships, that pay themselves back as loyalty
towards the selling company. Often decentralization is a common way to respond to
the demand of fewer customers with individual solutions available.
According to Habryn et al. (2012) measurement of customer intimacy requires a
well-designed technology around it. Thus, the multidimensional nature of B2B
markets contributes to difficulties in collecting the required customer insight.
Therefore, customer interaction is the most vital part while implementing a customer
intimacy strategy. By gathering valuable knowledge from the interaction, a broader
understanding of the customer’s desires and needs can be achieved. Hence, tailored
solutions can be provided, and customization and cross-selling can be adopted and
measured. Efficient customization and cross-selling were also seen to deepen
customer knowledge and extend customer journeys.
Habryn et al. (2012) provide a model to capture and measure customer intimacy. The
model is divided into three sections that all capture different parts of the customer
23

relationship. The first section of the model is customer intimacy that captures two
different parts. Initially, the acquired customer intimacy referring to understand the
customer knowledge to develop a value proposition, to pleases the needs of the
customer. With customer knowledge and understanding of the relationship, the
selling company has the opportunity to adjust the offerings by providing tailored
solutions for the customer’s individual needs. The leveraged customer intimacy
focuses on the outcome of the acquired data to highlight the benefits and competitive
advantage achieved. The authors highlight that both the acquired and leveraged
customer intimacy should be obtained. When both the acquired and the leveraged
customer intimacy are high, customer intimacy as a value discipline can be adopted.
The second section of the model is Customer Intimacy Information which explains
the calculation of customer intimacy through already existing data. The data consist
of the total amount of interactions between the organization and customer. The third
section Customer Intimacy Data Sources is the data that provides tangible
assessments. The sources can be categorized as two, the interactions; referring to all
tracked data such as emails, calls, meetings, and the organization’s internal sources
such as a CRM system or the project database. (Habryn et al., 2012)
As a summary, the model consists of three layers, where firstly the data is broken
down into measurable data. Secondly, the data is evaluated carefully by defined
metrics and thirdly the data is calculated towards the available sources. The authors,
thus, highlight that the model in itself does not provide any actual proof of the effect
customer intimacy has on the company’s overall competitive advantage. (Habryn et
al., 2012)
Interaction assessment is a vital part to obtain knowledge of the relationship. Habryn
et al. (2012) introduce Customer Interaction Time (CIT) as a tool to calculate
customer intimacy. CIT calculates the number of interactions and the time used for
customer interactions across all communication channels during a specific period.
The interactions assessment is vital for the organization to understand their
proficiency in the interactions. Customer intimacy can be assessed more thoroughly
through interactions, by calculating the value that captures interaction amounts and
frequency (Habryn, 2012).

24

As a result, customer-centricity can be seen as a synonym for customer intimacy, as
the focus lies on serving the customer with greater value. As an implication,
customer insight provide the foundation for customer intimacy. Initially, the selling
company can achieve a stronger market position by managing the relationship and
customer knowledge with intimacy.

2.5 The Theoretical Framework
The literature review has consisted of four main topics, customer experience,
customer insight, KAM, and customer intimacy. The whole theoretical framework
had a mutual purpose to understand the customers more efficiently and accurately, to
increase trust and loyalty, and serve the customers with greater value. Further, longterm customer relationship management was a common target in all four topics.
Various models were presented to capture how the customers perceive the
performance, considering customer experience, KAM, and customer intimacy. The
implication is that while wanting to improve the customer experience, key customer
accounts should be managed with intimacy. To increase intimacy, greater value
should be put on customer insight to increase loyalty. Nevertheless, this cannot be
achieved with all customers. Undoubtedly, the selling company should agree on
strategically important customers, that they want to serve with intimacy to increase
loyalty and build a long-term partnership with.
While adopting customer intimacy, great emphasis should be set on KAM and
customer experience. Without a focus on KAM and customer experience, the
company cannot fully state to implement a customer intimacy philosophy. Customer
insight is, thus, a mutual requirement for all three topics. Without customer insight,
the company cannot make any strategic decisions regarding its customers.
Based on the theoretical implications, the following model was built up.

25

Figure 4. The theoretical framework applied in this study

Figure 4, summarizes the discussed theoretical concepts and presents a theoretical
framework of customer experience management. In the model, the KAM and
customer intimacy are perceived as equal elements that have a mutual purpose to
build long-lasting customer relationships and are, hence, perceived as the foundation
for customer experience management. Further, customer insight is perceived to build
the foundation for KAM and customer intimacy, through active interaction with the
customers to gain knowledge of the needs and wants. The model illustrates the
multidimensional process between KAM, customer intimacy, and customer
experience management. Without KAM, customers cannot be treated with intimacy.
Therefore, focusing on fewer but strategically important partnerships enables to
adopt a customer intimacy value discipline. Customer intimacy and customer
experience are perceived to influence one another, as to understand the experience,
intimacy needs to be applied for the customer to openly share how they perceive the
performance. However, to adopt customer intimacy, customer experience should be
continually collected to increase intimacy. KAM and customer experience are also
perceived as interrelated variables, as customer experience can contribute to more
efficient account management while understanding the value creation points of the
customers. However, to collect and manage customer experience, accounts should be
managed with strategic importance.

26

3. Research Method
In this part of the research, the focus will lie on presenting the research design. First,
a short introduction to the topic will be presented, followed by an introduction to the
research method applied in this research. The reliability and validity of this research
will be critically reviewed to present the trustworthiness of the research.

3.1Qualitative Research
The main purpose of qualitative research is to clarify the relationship between theory
and practice (Bryman & Bell, 2005). Qualitative research is built on words, images,
or symbols with an underlying meaning (Christensen, Engdahl, Grääs, and Haglund,
2001). In quantitative research, the data is usually measured with statistics, collected
from numbers and quantities. Qualitative data again capture concepts that are
analyzed through words or images. Often qualitative data is measured with
interpretation and understanding of the respondents. (Christensen et al., 2001).
Christensen et al. (2001) describe qualitative research as a method to interpret bigger
concepts to build up theories and hypotheses. The authors state that qualitative
research is often collected in form of interviews to receive an in-depth analysis of the
researched topic. However, the method is limited to the moderators, ability to
observe and understand data. (Christensen et al., 2001) A qualitative research method
is, further, utilized as a way to describe the phenomenon subjectively by
interpretation to gain a contextual understanding of the topic. (Saunders, Thornhill,
and Lewis, 2019)
The choice of research method depends on the wanted result. In this research, the
research method is qualitative. A qualitative research method is considered to meet
the research objectives, as the research questions aim to elaborate with new findings
on complex topics such as customer experience and customer intimacy.
Also, it should be observed that qualitative research consists of several different
forms of methods such as observations, interviews, focus groups, and surveys
(Christensen et al., 2001). Bryman and Bell (2005) describe ethnography and
qualitative interviews as the most important methods to observe the phenomena.
Interviews will be the primary research method in this research.
27

Flick (2018) further explains qualitative research methods as a way to explain the
inside and how they perceive “the world out there”. This can be done by
understanding and describing the phenomena through experiences, interactions, and
documents. The underlying aim is to explain and make sense of the unseen
phenomena that can be observed. Flick (2018) argues that qualitative research also
consists of texts, while the moderator transcripts the findings. Bryman and Bell
(2011) state that one common issue in qualitative research is the amount of data.
Therefore, thematic analysis can be conducted to categorize the rich data into themes
to interpret.
As discussed, in this research interviews are conducted as the primary source of
research data. The primary data is supported by secondary data analysis. The choice
of interview method will be discussed in-depth in the next part.

3.2 Semi-structured interview
Flick (2018) explains that qualitative interviews utilize an omnichannel approach
with the question-answer setup. The interviews can either be structured, semistructured, or unstructured. Often semi-structured interviews are utilized while
wanted to create an atmosphere similar to a conversation. This means that the
questions are often open-ended and followed with follow-up questions that might
vary from other interviews. Guthrie (2010) categorizes interviews as the most vital
part of social sciences but continues to explain that interviews are often conducted
together with surveys or data analysis.
In a semi-structured interview, the respondents are free to express themselves, which
contributes to a relaxed atmosphere (Christensen et al., 2001). Flick (2018) further
states that a good interview consists of mutual communication. A semi-structured
interview is structured as an interview guide, with a list of themes and questions that
will be addressed during the interview. The questions in a semi-structured interview
can be presented in varying order, to build up a theoretical model. (Christensen et al.,
2001) In this research, the questions are, thus, asked in the same order for all
respondents to ensure the reliability of this research.
In this research, the research method is semi-structured interviews, to get a holistic
understanding of how the respondents perceive the research phenomena. In this
28

research, nine (9) different interview sessions are arranged. Each interview is
individual. As a semi-structured method, participants have the opportunity to express
themselves freely, but the moderator has to ensure that the common redline remains
throughout the interview. An interview guide should be followed during the semistructured interviews. (Christensen et al., 2001) In this research, the interview guide
includes a set of open-ended questions, that are followed. The interview guide for
this research can be found in Appendix 1.
According to Christensen et al. (2001), the ethical aspects are noteworthy in the
qualitative research method, as there is a lot of information from fewer respondents.
Therefore, the moderator should ensure that the information cannot be identified.
Hence, the names of the companies or the respondents will not be published in this
research.

3.3 Probing
Given (2008) define probing as a specific interview technique applied in qualitative
research, adapted both in induvial interviews as well as in group interviews such as
in focus groups. Given (2008) explain that the aim is to understand the research
phenomena in deeper means by gathering insightful information. Probing is used as a
technique to gather more information about the respondent (Patton, 2015). Probing
can be used both in verbal and nonverbal communication, often, in form of follow-up
questions or gestures (Given, 2008). Given (2008), further, explain that probes can
be various, such as silence while letting the respondent speak freely or facial
expression or head nodding. Nevertheless, nonverbal probes or elaboration probes,
strive to lead the conversation to gather more knowledge but not specified what kind
of knowledge. Verbal probes or clarification probes, on the other hand, strive to lead
the conversations towards the desired direction. (Given, 2008) Verbal probes,
further, include questions related to the discussed topic, such as, asking the
respondent to describe a certain situation in more detail. Patton (2015) highlight that
verbal probes often include questions as, who, what, when, where, and how.
Probing is, thus, limited to the moderator’s ability to listen and understand the
respondents. Furthermore, the moderator needs to determine whether certain topics
should be discussed in-depth or not. (Given, 2008)

29

During the nine interviews, several probes occurred, both verbal and nonverbal.
Therefore, many follow-up questions were utilized to understand the topics in detail.
One example that occurred in several interviews was a follow-up question in RQ1: If
you choose one account as the best example, from your perspective, how is the
relationship with that accounts managed? One probe was identified: what led to it
being the “best example”.

3.4 Validity & Reliability
Daymon and Holloway (2011) highlight the importance of ensuring the quality of
research. Hence, validity and reliability often need to be ensured while presenting the
trustworthiness of the research. Reliability is, thus, hard to ensure in qualitative
research since the moderator presents the results through interpretations, rather than
through statistics. Bryman and Bell (2011) define validity as the accuracy of the
research as it investigates if the obtained results further succeed to meet the research
aim.
Furthermore, the quality of qualitative research is evaluated through trustworthiness
and authenticity (Daymon & Holloway, 2011). Authenticity refers to the sharing of
knowledge and fairness and is yet less researched than trustworthiness.
Trustworthiness is evaluated through credibility, transferability, dependability, and
confirmability. (Bryman and Bell, 2011; Daymon & Holloway, 2011) Hence, the
results of the research are presented as consistent and neutral. Credibility empowers
trustworthiness by ensuring that qualitative research is validated by the participant
and conducted in a good manner. Transferability again urges the utilization of thick
descriptions to prove the accuracy of the received research data. Dependability urges
to justify the result by ensuring all research material being available. Finally,
confirmability requires that personal beliefs can be proved to not have had an impact
on the research. Moreover, Bryman and Bell (2011) also highlight authenticity as an
equal social setting that further empowers trustworthiness. Given (2008), however,
explain authenticity throughout the impact the research has on the social settings.
Therefore, fairness is seen as a crucial part, by ensuring that the participant has the
same qualifications in participating in the research.
To ensure the quality of the interviews one pilot interview was conducted, with an
employee of the case company. The pilot interview aims to ensure that the questions
30

are relevant and understood by the participants. After the pilot interview, two small
adjustments were made in rephrasing question one.
During the individual interviews, credibility was reached as the trustworthiness and
transferability were validated by participants in form of member checking with
concluding the discussed topics with the participants. To ensure authenticity, all
participants also received a brief introduction to the research topic in advance by
email. The brief introduction included a short explanation of the research topic and
aim. With the help of the brief introductions, one could ensure that the participants
are aware of the phenomena being researched in a fair and equal manner. Therefore,
more trustworthy assumptions could be conducted, which the case company also
receives greater benefits from as the research tends to find out how the employees
involved in the customer relationships perceive the topics.

3.5 Data Sources
In this research data is collected from various sources and the moderator is in charge
of the accuracy of the data. In qualitative research, primary data is commonly
gathered from interviews. Other relevant forms of primary data in qualitative
research are observation, focus groups, and pictures. (Hox & Boije, 2005).
In this research, the research data consist of primary data, collected from semistructured interviews and, of secondary data in form of documents. The primary data
is collected through recorded interviews that are further transcribed and carefully
analyzed. The secondary data is provided by the case company. The secondary data
is a model for account management. The secondary data will also be thoroughly
analyzed by the moderator.
The aim of data collection in qualitative research is to provide evidence for the
empirical findings (Flick, 2018). Thus, awareness of the moderator is required for
interpreting complex topics. Flick (2018) highlights that interviews as the primary
method might create narratives. Therefore, the recommendation is to utilize various
methods to prove the accuracy of the research. This can be done by organizing
multiple interviews over time as a method of data triangulation. Given (2008) define
triangulation as an approach to increase the trustworthiness of the research through
perceiving the phenomena from various perspectives to understand it better.
31

Triangulation can be collected from interviews, existing documents, photographs, or
by adopting various interview methods. Bryman and Bell (2011) further define
triangulation as an approach to utilize various empirical sources, with the initial aim
to achieve more accurate results in research. Given (2008) continue to explain, that
triangulation can both be adapted in data collection and data analysis.
In this research, the method has been methodological triangulation as the data is
collected from various sources. More specifically the data consists of information
collected from the semi-structured interviews and existing data, in form of a model
provided by the case company. Data analysis is also conducted as a triangulation
approach, as the interviews will be analyzed through data sampling and coding. Data
analysis will be explained more thoroughly in the next sub-heading.
As mentioned, in this research nine (9) semi-structured interviews are conducted.
Each of these interviews is held virtually through Zoom, due to the global pandemic
Covid-19. The estimated time for each interview is a maximum of one hour and the
whole interview is recorded. As the research is made as an assignment for the case
company, the participants are chosen by the case company from various departments
to get a holistic understanding of the phenomena. Each of the participants works in
close contact with the customers and has a great understanding of how customer
relationships are managed in the company. The research questions, without the
probes, were sent out to the participant before the interview to guarantee accuracy.
The participants are presented below in table 1.
Title of the respondent
Respondent A
Strategy Development Manager
Respondent B
Sales Manager EU & APAC
Respondent C
Sales Manager, Distributors Europe
Respondent D
Key Account Manager
Respondent E
Key Account Manager
Respondent F
Strategy Deployment Manager
Respondent G
Key Account Manager
Respondent H
Head of Branded Sales
Respondent I
Market Development Manager
Table 1. The participants.

Work location of the
respondent
USA
Switzerland
Netherlands
Finland
Sweden
Finland
Finland
Sweden
Switzerland

Duration of interview
32:41 min
40:48 min
44:05 min
40:36 min
57:48 min
39:25 min
54:55 min
48:06 min
33:07 min

32

3.6 Data Analysis
Data analysis in this research will be conducted by listening to the recorded
interviews. As the interviews are semi-structured and similar to a conversation the
amount of data is vast. Saunders et al. (2019) urge to make conclusions in bigger
means to simplify the outcomes. Therefore, data sampling will be conducted to
analyze the results of this research. Data sampling is a tool where the moderator
listens to the recorded interviews and highlights the most crucial aspects that
contribute with findings to the research. To find the most meaningful and relevant
insight the moderator is urged to go through the recording several times to avoid that
any relevant information does not get left out. (Saunders et al., 2019) In this research,
each recording is listened to three to five times depending on the length and depth of
the interview. With the help of data sampling, the main findings are transcribed. The
recordings are listened to several times to catch any essential findings contributing to
the research.
Bryman and Bell (2011) introduce two strategies of analyzing qualitative data: the
analytic induction strategy and the grounded theory strategy. The analytic induction
strategy is based on building up and testing a hypothesis while the grounded theory
strategy focuses on building up theories from newly collected data. In this research, a
grounded theory strategy is applied as no hypothesis was set up. The results origins
from the collected data. Further, the results will be discussed as an ongoing
discussion between theory and data analysis, and, hence, a grounded theory structure
is followed. As the discussions move between data and theory and abductive research
method is furthermore utilized. Timmermans and Tavory (2012) explain abductive
research as a method where theory and data influence each other through a
discussion between the findings and theoretical implications.
With the help of data sampling, interviews will be transcribed. Subsequently, coding
is also used in the data analysis for this research. Coding is considered to be an
element of the grounded theory strategy. With coding data is broken down into
smaller categories and themes to interpret the specific topics. (Bryman & Bell, 2011)
According to Given (2008) coding refers to a certain way to interpret the collected
data, with diving it into themes and categories. Given (2008) argues that codes can
be identified before data collection, but in this research, codes were identified during
33

data analysis. During data coding, four main themes emerged: account management,
customer experience, customer intimacy, and customer insight. On the other hand,
codes could have been identified before the interviews, as it did not come as a
surprise that these four categories repeatedly were discussed from different angles
during the interviews. As the data was coded, the transcripts were highlighted with
theme-specific colors to separate the codes and highlighted with the most important
findings. This is done to pinpoint the most important contributions to the research
and enables to easily find connections between the individual interviews.
The secondary data is applied as support for the primary data. The moderator has
thoroughly identified the account management process of the case company,
introduced in the document. The interviews finding are supported by the secondary
data.

34

4. Empirical Findings
During the nine interviews, many similarities occurred, while coding the findings.
The main findings will be presented next. The findings are divided into four main
headings: key account management, customer insight, customer experience, and
customer intimacy.

4.1 Data Analysis
The analysis is presented in a different order than the literature review as key account
management was perceived as the foundation for managing customers.

4.1.1 Key Account Management
The case company’s business is based on long-term accounts. Many of the customer
relationships have lasted over decades and the persons on both sides of the dyad have
worked closely together for years, which was seen to have positive implications on
the relationship. In the case company, strategic accounts are considered as
partnerships, as they live in close symbiosis. With particular key accounts, the case
company has a high share wallet. Many of the customers purchase both from
renewables products as well as from oil products, which, further, is an important
factor contributing to the KAM. Nevertheless, these customer accounts are seen and
managed as one.
The customers of the case company are divided into two customer segments. First,
the branded channel partners, who utilize the companys’ brand in selling the product.
Second, distribution sales, with selling the product renewable diesel, to selected
wholesalers and traders. Many of the distribution sales are oil majors, who also
procure the product due to mandate fulfillment to reach the governmental restrictions
with a required blending ratio of fossil- and renewable fuels. Therefore, the
difference between these two customer segments is vital to recognize.
According to respondents, the key difference is that with the branded channel
partners, the end customers are involved to a certain extent. While with traders and
distributors, the relationship type is solely B2B, dealing with counterparties.
According to respondent B, the relationships with counterparties are truly based on
quality, speed, dependability, flexibility, and cost. With the branded channel partners,
35

the relationship involves engagement in the value proposition development and also
maintaining the value proposition. Finding solutions and joint ways of growing in
each other’s interest is seen as a foundational element in the relationship with
branded channel partners. Furthermore, notable differences in the relationship type
should be observed, due to the different natures and requirements of the customer
relationship.
Many of the respondents also argued that clear classification between customers has
not been done based on their strategic importance. Respondent E mentioned that
customer categorization has not been quantified, especially between, accounts, key
accounts, and strategic accounts. The respondent states that the majority of internal
employees are aware of which customers belong to each segment, but the process is
not formalized. To align counterparties on long-term strategy, decisions should be
made on which strategy to deploy on each specific accounts. Respondent H, thus,
explains that the Nordic teams have already worked on setting up the structure
between different accounts. The work included building up the account plans,
establishing a yearly clock, and finding the structure and a way of developing the
accounts. The sales teams in the Nordic consist of different kinds of accounts, on
different levels, both in terms of volume and their strategic level. Today, discussion
on similar topics has arisen again, to classify what it means to be a strategic account
or a key account. Therefore, the case company focuses on evaluating the customers
and how activities should be prioritized accordingly.
Many of the respondents argued that while the accounts are managed through
dedicated sales teams, the lack of customer segmentation is noteworthy. The
respondents explained that they often utilize the same approach for all customers.
Nevertheless, more efficient recourse management was seen as a result, if accounts
would be formally segmented due to their strategic importance, to ensure that the
right resources and allocations are delivered in a prioritized order. The secondary
data provided by the case company also supports that a model for account
management already exists. The customer categorization is divided into; key
accounts, who require lean account management; growth accounts, who are provided
with growth account management; and finally prioritized the strategic accounts that
receive strategic account management. The prioritized strategic accounts receive
increasing effort from the case company.
36

As the Nordic region has decided to focus on fewer customers with a more focused
customer group, the number of customers has decreased by half, as the case company
could not grow intimacy with all the account. Therefore, strategic decisions were
made on who to continue the partnership with. The decisions were based on longterm sight, with customers who perceived the world in similar ways, with similar
ambitions, goals, and priorities. Respondent H states the following:
“It hasn't been a golden forest all along it has been a gradual sort of buildup of trust
and bringing our targets closer together to understand each other's business drivers
and ambitions and priorities along the way. So, I mean we have developed over the
years to become what it is today.” (Respondent H)

According to respondent C, significant differentiation can be seen between the key
accounts, as each of the key accounts needs different treatment with an individual
approach. Mostly depending on their maturity in the relationship. The size of the
customer company was also stated to affect the account management, due to different
needs. Respondent G argued that accounts are managed systemically, as they follow
an account plan, with common targets. Thus, accounts are treated quite similarly,
with the same importance, whether they are a billion-size company or a small
company. According to the respondent similar treatment is seen as positive.
Respondents also highlighted that the account teams have a good balance between
resources and accounts at the moment, which enables account managers to have time
to focus on specific customers. Respondent D feels that in the role as a key account
manager clear separation between customers already exists. The KAM principle was
first introduced some years ago, with building key account teams internally, by
introducing the CRM system and the yearly planning clock that provide the structure
and discipline for account management.
Respondent E, also as a key account manager, states the accounts are managed
through cooperation, by providing tools for the ease of doing business, to build up
relationships, fulfilling expectations and needs from customers, covering everything
from small obstacles in day operational practices to bigger things, like information
sharing between parties. Furthermore, the respondent highlights listening as an
important element as you need to ensure that the product fulfills all the technical
needs and expectations. Other crucial aspects are understanding customer needs, pain
points, obstacles, and how their competition looks like. These elements were seen as
37

the key factors for building the foundation, for solid good account management.
Information sharing was stated to be an important element, both understanding what
information you get from your customers but also, providing information for them,
for instance, regarding the market. Therefore, relationship building is vital, to receive
detailed information regarding long-term company strategies for instance.
As mentioned, in the case company accounts are managed through a dedicated sales
team in each territory. These accounts are nurtured by ensuring that the reseller or
channel partner has the right allocations, technical expertise, and market expertise.
The relationships are managed as more of a partnership, in collaborative views. It
emphasizes an ongoing, mutually strategic relationship. In a sense, as the customers
grow, the case company grows, by enabling their customers’ growth. Best-in-class
accounts are managed with very close open line communication, on daily basis.
Flexibility was also seen as a vital tool to maintain the account, with ongoing
contract updates due variety of issues. Close monitoring of operations was seen as a
key factor in account management. Respondent I also highlighted regular meetings
as a vital tool for successful account management.
While discussing KAM during the interviews one common phrase occurred in the
majority of interviews, trust-building. The long-term sight was also mentioned in all
of the interviews. Further, relationships should be considered as respective
partnerships, with mutual goals, targets, and ambitions, that create value for both
parties. The majority of the respondents also highlighted loyalty as a key factor as
well as honesty. To build up trust, transparency is essential, to ensure that the
selection is done on fairgrounds and governing the strategic decisions. To gain the
trust, respondent E argued to be honest in communication, since eventually during
years of doing business, obstacles will occur.
“Then when the problem occurs and how we solve it with the customer and how the
end result would be, is the key to build a trust and the cooperation going forward.”
(Respondent E)

Showing interest in solving the customers’ problem is crucial, as well as building a
solid foundation for the relationship. The most crucial factor for the case company
while selecting customers is the fit of doing business, as it contributes to long-term
strategy.

38

Respondent C also stated that the success of the relationship is, further, depending on
the customer companys’ resources and of their interest in working together. How
important the customer perceives the renewable fuels also affect the relationship.
Respondent C perceives open communications as a milestone to reach a good
relationship, consisting of information sharing, knowledge sharing, and transparency.
Especially in the early stages of the relationship trust-building was perceived as the
foundation for a successful relationship. As the relationship evolves, personal
relationships also develop. Therefore, eagerness was mentioned to be a key for great
relationships, so as being proactive instead of reactive. Respondent D also considers
relations as a vital part of account management.
Well-managed accounts were considered as profitable both in the short and long term
but the emphasis is on the long-term, as the key accounts are perceived to repeat
business with the case company. A sense of partnership should be built with multiple
connections between the case company and customer company, with multiple people
working together continuously. Multiple connections on different levels were also
considered to improve the link and cooperation between the organizations.
Respondent I explained, that while having communication on multiple levels, the
case company can learn more about the challenges, opportunities, and development
areas from different stakeholders. By having communication on multiple levels, the
case company can also learn more about the customer needs from different
perspectives and, hence, develop business together. Similar assumptions were also
concluded from respondent G, who perceived that successful customer relationships
required communication on several organizational levels between organizations.
Multiple levels of communication were also perceived to increase openness and
improve the willingness to provide insight for the case company. The respondents
stated that relationships should be noted as a vital part of the partnership, especially
in a complex B2B environment where people create the atmosphere and interactions.
The respondents state that internal trust is also vital, to ensure information flow on all
operational levels.
Customer accounts are managed through cooperation with dialogue and open
communication. Respondent B continues to explain that monthly meetings are
arranged with specific branded channel partners. The monthly distributor meeting is
characterized as a formal meeting according to Respondent B. The aim is to review
39

the sales performance, the supplier performance, the operations as well as the
technical aspects. Furthermore, the case company will be hearing about their
customers’ concerns that might have occurred. Every six months a meeting is
arranged, also involving senior management. The aim is to align on strategy and next
steps and manage performance. The importance is to understand the customers’
business and their needs and the latest market development and, in the end, bring an
offer to their table and find a solution for them.
“It's about having an interaction and having information exchange and really knowing
what the customer is up to, what is their strategic ambition, how can we as a producer,
be playing a part in there. In simple words, that is how the accounts are managed.”
(Respondent B).

Account management was also considered to be about setting the scene, making sure
that everyone is on the same page, focusing on the right elements, and committed.
For the case company’s customers, account management should work as a platform
with a structured way of interacting, involving certain elements and certain timelines,
to ensure what can be expected within the next three-, six-, and twelve months.
Respondent H also states that joint business plans with the customers’ have been
utilized instead of an account plan. The joint business plan contains customers’
priorities, ambitions, expectations, and concrete actions to reach the targets.
Respondent G states that the top management should also agree on what is required
and meant with KAM and improve the link between the account management model
and the business model.
A part of the account management was also seen to involve the follow-up and the
ability to see and react to changes. Respondent H also highlighted the importance of
applying more forward-looking and action-oriented review sessions. A lot of the
customer insight was stated to occur directly from customers during the follow-up.
Yet, the case company applies a more structured approach for customer insight,
presented next.

4.1.2 Customer Insight
To be able to understand the customers’ needs and wants and to turn their pain points
into game points, a lot of customer knowledge must be collected through various
channels. In the case company, the most common way was to collect insight, is
40

directly from the customer through interaction. Respondents perceived that the
insight can either be collected formally through interviews or informally via
interactions. Often meetings and phone calls were mentioned as the main source of
information. Other methods mentioned to collect insight were mutual workshops for
operational purposes with customers. With customer accounts monthly or quarterly
meetings were also arranged, to go through business, to review accurate topics, and
possible deviations, and how they can be avoided in the future. Therefore,
interactions as meetings were considered to contribute with the most value, as the
case company has the chance to ask follow-up questions and to listen to the feeling.
Hence, to comprehensively collect insight, frequent meetings should be arranged
with customers stakeholders. The insight gathered is saved in the case company’s
CRM system, Salesforce. The majority of the respondents, thus, argue that Salesforce
should be used to a wider extent, to create a systemic approach to store the customer
data and share information internally. By utilizing Salesforce, the company can
ensure that internal personnel involved in the customer relationship have the same
access to the customer information.
“In a good world, we would type in what we perceive when we are in contact with the
customer. CRM systems should be used to that, counting the contact we have with
them, and what kind of insight we gather in the interactions”. (Respondent F)

Many perceived that the structure for collecting customer insight is in place, as
monthly meetings are arranged. The communication is on regular basis and often
open, partly due to joint business plans, that allow to discuss topics openly. The case
company tries to determine their customer’s possible concerns, focus areas, what
works well what does not work well, as a structured interaction. With evolved
partnerships, the communication might be on daily basis. One issue that occurred is
the amount of information, which is enormous and impossible to apply.
The biofuel industry was also stated to be a very connected industry where news is
quickly spreading, therefore, and a lot of word of mouth is utilized as a tool to collect
insight. In asset to the continuous interactions, various knowledge is collected
internally through a market intelligence team, who on daily basis collect insight from
the market. According to respondent A, the market intelligence is very data-driven,
reacting to how customers perceive the fuel. Together with data-driven knowledge
respondent A perceived engagement with customers as a vital tool to collect insight.
41

To get the information, the case company needs to keep up a certain pace, with a
structured schedule of collecting certain information during the year. The insight,
further, consists of literature from the biofuel industry and newspapers. The biofuel
industry is very dependent on public affairs since the industry is very dependent on
politics. In the case company, public affairs teams are constantly interpreting the
legal aspects, rules, and regulations affecting the industry. Often new regulations are
seen as an asset for the case company, due to the product, renewable diesel. The
importance is, thus, to constantly collect the insight from the customers or through
news and financial numbers, to be aware of what is happening on the customers’
side.
Respondent E states that as a supplier, the case company should be perceived as a
collaborative partner, to collect the insight from a broader perspective. To reach a
win-win situation a yearly account clock should be utilized, as the company does, to
clarify when for instance negotiations start. At the case company, some important
gates to collect insight in autumn is through negotiations and during spring through
market insight.
NPS questioners were also utilized to collect insight, regarding customer satisfaction.
All of the respondents, thus, perceived it as a binary method that did not contribute
with much value. The questioner is sent out twice a year to investigate how the
customer perceives the cooperation. Thus, the monthly and yearly meetings were
seen as a more efficient way to receive feedback. The NPS survey is sent out to
various customer stakeholders, tailored to different company levels and departments,
depending on the size of the customer company. The survey is connected to
Salesforce to review the answers.
Currently, the case company was stated to improve their customer insight, to build
customer value propositions. The case company strives to utilize the information to
understand the customers’ value-driving elements to serve them better. By providing
value-added solutions the case company strives to increase loyalty and satisfaction.
Therefore, the company wants to know what the customers value besides regular,
pricing and product quality, to understand:
“How can we make our customers life easier as a company and individuals, as
counterparties have their personal objectives as well.” (Respondent F)

42

Moreover, the logging of customer insight was seen as a crucial factor. As the
needed tools have been implemented with Salesforce and MyHub, customer insight
was considered to be collected more efficiently. Respondent C, further, continues to
explain that customer insight should be utilized commercially, to gather insightful
knowledge and information to increase sales. Moreover, with utilizing customer
insight the case company was also stated to foresee upcoming issues.
MyHub is utilized as an interactive portal with the customers, where the case
company can provide training to their partners regarding several focus areas, such as,
sustainability, technical product knowledge, and more. The portal is used as a joint
sales funnel with generating leads and forecast nominations. MyHub could be
perceived as a community where the channel partners log in individually, to collect
the information and to share information. In the Nordic sales team, MyHub has been
utilized with three channel partners, where data is flowing between the case company
and the channel partner.
The sales team was also perceived as a very good source of information because they
are the ones that interact and discuss with the customer. Hence, a lot of insight comes
directly from internal stakeholders. Thus, various sources should be utilized. The
market intelligence team, for instance, is following the publications, and the quartal
results of customers and competitors. A lot of information is also collected through
internal traders. Respondent D also perceived that the case company has a good level
of collecting information and centralizing it. Furthermore, cooperation internally
between teams was seen as crucial to receive the best understanding of the market
and customers. At the end of the day, customer insight was collected to understand
the customers better to grow into more intimate partnerships.

4.1.3 Customer Intimacy
In many interviews, customer intimacy was perceived as a synonym for customercentricity. Customer intimacy was perceived as a proactive approach, serving
individual offerings, suitable for the customers’ needs. Respondent C described it as
“your wish is our command kind of feeling”. However, a structured approach and
common guidelines are still missing. As customer intimacy is based on customer
insight the case company perceives it as a long-term commitment. Therefore, trust
and loyalty need to be built up from the first stages to ensure that the customer feels
43

secure to share information and being transparent. Hence, customer intimacy was
seen as the connection beyond the transaction.
“It is a customer-centric value discipline, it's about gathering information, know
something, understand the needs and wants of the customer, and eventually sell your
value proposition to bring the customer to success.” (Respondent B)

Customer intimacy was seen to drive loyalty. If the company develops intimacy with
key customers, the customers are more likely to stay as their customers. Many also
saw mutual trust between the parties, as the foundation for customer intimacy.
Customer intimacy was described as the process of gathering valuable customer
insight from a well-functioning good relation. Hence, customer intimacy is perceived
to start from people and then grow into the organization. Customer intimacy could,
further, be translated into relations and the level of trust.
Customer intimacy was also described as a customer-based approach, where
customer understanding is crucial to being able to provide tailored solutions based on
customers’ specific needs. Customer intimacy was also perceived through the
interaction level, towards a common goal or a common set of priorities. The result of
customer intimacy is considered to be a long-term relationship with loyalty and
commitment.
As customer intimacy is based on customer understanding, the case company needs
to utilize the gathered knowledge in the best possible way. If an issue occurs during
discussions one should emphasize the need to improve the performance. Customers
should also acknowledge the obtained results of sharing the intimate information.
“If you for instance have a big workshop for customer experience and gain customer
insight and find an issue or need or something to improve on the cooperation, you
need to deliver that. I mean you can't just say that thank you very much for this, we
appreciate that you give so much information but then nothing happens, then you
would lose that”. (Respondent E)

According to respondent B, customer intimacy can only be achieved through account
management. Therefore, connecting the right people in the inter-organization is vital
to have cooperation on many organizational levels. Respondent D, further, perceived
that customer intimacy differentiates the structural account management principles,
into more personalized account management. Knowing your customer on a deeper
44

level might translate into specialized account planning, with a personalized account
management style. With customer intimacy, the case company can initiate ideas for
the customers by knowing them, which improves the cooperation and translate into
an improved customer experience.
Respondent A also perceived that customer intimacy requires account management
and consistent customer experience. Consistency also occurred in several other
interviews, as stickiness is needed to maintain the relationship. Respondent E states
that increased effort is required to changes the supplier if the selling company is
providing additional value besides the products.
“Customer intimacy goes down to turning pain points into game points, it's the
foundation for the value proposition” (Respondent B)

Customer intimacy is seen to create a shared understanding for everyone since it
should create a structure for performance. Account managers should align with
senior management to understand the high-value points in the relationship to bring
the right people together, extract the information, and utilize this information. A
customer-centric value discipline is a philosophy that needs to be implemented
steady and steady.
Thus, customer intimacy was not a term widely used in the case company, even if
many of the customer relations were intimate and long-term relationships.
Respondent F perceived that the path towards customer intimacy is good, especially
along with strategic accounts. Nevertheless, the majority of the respondents
requested a structured process and framework for customer intimacy. Respondent D,
thus, perceived that customer intimacy is well identified in the case company but
requires a more structured approach. The respondents suggest investigating which of
the current actions contributes to customer intimacy and which areas are seen to
translate into improved customer intimacy.
Many of the respondents perceived that customer intimacy is applied in the case
company, but not governing decisions. Therefore, many saw it as a part of account
management rather than as a holistic strategy deployed. Also, growing interested in
the strategy could be seen in the case company. One of the respondents, thus, argued
that customer intimacy could be seen as a new “trendy” word attending the business
market rather than as a philosophy or strategy.
45

“Not neglecting customer intimacy, but it’s funny how they are implementing it into
the corporate world. It sounds really good that we should improve customer intimacy,
but nobody has defined what does this means to us. If our vice president is discussing
it, what will it mean concretely, will it change anything. Step change in account
management probably because we want to increase or make better customer intimacy,
but what does it mean?” (Respondent G)

The respondent perceived that customer intimacy discusses the same concepts that
have been discussed for years in marketing studies. The respondent could not
pinpoint any differences as the grounded rule remained the same as long as there are
a buyer and a seller. Thus, the respondent explained that customer experience could
be seen as a result of customer intimacy.
Activities that contribute to intimacy are genuine interactions that are not generic but
personalized, honest, and transparent that ultimately deliver what the customers want
and need, and do it, reliably and consistently. Customer intimacy was, further, stated
to involve more emotion and feeling, as the customer has a genuine interest in being
in the relationship, which contributes to a better experience. Therefore, customer
intimacy was perceived as the strategy and customer experience as the outcome of
how that strategy is deployed. Intimacy can improve the experience if there is a clear
process and protocol that breeds intimacy.
Many of the respondents struggled to separate customer intimacy and customer
experience as many perceived they lead to one another, as a positive customer
experience breeds customer intimacy. Nonetheless, a high level of customer intimacy
could be achieved through having a high level of customer experience, but one could
have a high score of customer experience without having any customer intimacy,
depending on the measurement. Customer experience was also seen to increase
customer intimacy, as customer experience is stated to be the key to gain customer
loyalty. Furthermore, customer intimacy was seen as one of the key building blocks
of customer experience and as a foundation for customer relations.
”It’s just like being close to the customer, staying close to them, understanding them,

staying in touch, being informed and that helps to anticipate their needs. That is the
hypothesis that it would provide superior customer experience.” (Respondent F)

As seen in the previous citation, many perceived good customer experience as an
outcome of customer intimacy. Respondent A argued that if the company does not
46

understand the difference between customer experience and customer intimacy or
how one drives the other, a clear strategy cannot be developed.

4.1.4 Customer Experience Management
Customer experience was perceived as a value that should be more formalized in the
case company. Many of the respondents argued that customer experience
management was still missing a clear structure in this specific department. The
majority of the respondents agreed that a holistic understanding of what is meant
with customer experience should be agreed on. The respondents wanted a formalized
process to follow with a structured approach including guidance to a certain extent.
Right tools and guidelines were specifically requested as the expectations on
customer experience were unclear. Thus, many highlighted that compared to the
industry-specific competition, the case company was already ahead of managing
customer experience, as it tends to be forgotten in many industrial markets.
Customer experience was perceived as a pyramid, where the foundation is built on
key elements to even have a customer relation. The foundation includes products,
quality, operational aspects, and logistics, and should be able to deliver on what is
promised. In the second layer of the pyramid, relationships and cooperation are vital.
How the relationship works when everything is not going as planned, including trust
and incident management. How fast the company is able to correct deviations, and
how smooth the processes are, influence the customer experience. The top of the
pyramid includes the most evolved relationships, consisting of trust and feeling. Here
the customers are willing to provide extra information about wishes and pain points.
At the top of the pyramid honesty and equal treatment are necessary elements. One
crucial thing to observe is that the higher you go in the pyramid of customer
experience the harder it gets to measure. On the foundational level, one can manage
the set KPI’s as delivery times but on the top of the pyramid, you can often only
perceive the length of the relationship.
Many of the respondents saw customer experience as an outcome of the whole
performance, as a form of customer response. Characteristics that were often linked
with good customer experience were quality, speed, dependability, flexibility, and
cost. Often profit-making was also associated with a good customer experience.
When the customer receives a great margin, the customer experience is considered to
47

improve from the operations perspective. Furthermore, respondent B highlighted that
customer experience should be seen as a journey, especially in the B2B environment
as the dynamics are different.
Discipline to improve the relationship should exist while retaining and providing
value. Respondent A also highlighted consistency as one of the main factors driving
customer experience. Customers should be aware and familiar with the service
received not dependent on country or region. Open communication was, further, seen
as a key for collaboration, as customer experience was perceived as mutually
beneficial, while the customer is getting something from the relationship beyond the
product. Therefore, a good customer experience was seen to consist of something
intangible, beyond what is physically purchased.
Customer experience was also perceived through the customers’ buying behavior, as
it, according to respondent I, gives accurate measurement tools for customer
experience. Furthermore, respondent I, argued that customer experience should be
previewed as co-created value, as the case company is seldomly seen as a supplier
rather than a partner aiming for a win-win situation with growing value for the
customer. Moreover, customer experience should be seen as a process covering
especially the after-sales not only the transaction.
The easiness of doing business was also considered to improve customer experience.
While the vessel arrived at the right time, at the right place, without any operational
issues, good customer experience could be achieved. As a result, information
exchange and open dialogue were seen to contribute to successful customer
experience. Furthermore, commitment, problem-solving, bringing new customers,
and retaining customers were seen as success factors contributing to improved
customer experience. Moreover, the value proposition should be clearly presented
and that the customer is valued. The respondents perceived that the cooperation
should be seamless and easy. Thus, as the case company is a big corporation, dealing
with procedures, risk evaluations, and enormous contracts, it not always as simple.
However, the customer experience was determined to be impacted by personal
relationships with the customers as well. Therefore, investments and appreciation
towards the persons involved were stated to improve the experience.

48

To have successful customer experience in the long term one should align on goals,
priorities, and value drivers for both parties involved, to later avoid conflicts in
targets. Similarly, customer experience is also considered to be dependent on the
case company’s capability to choose the right partner who shares the same future
vision. Hence, the focus should be on forward-thinking in the selection already.
Customer experience was also perceived through the case company’s ability to turn
customers’ pain points into game points.
Many of the respondents also perceived customer experience from how fast the case
company was able to correct errors and incidents since the industry is very safetydriven and mistakes are a part of everyday life. Respondents perceived that customer
experience is dependent on incident management and how errors are managed,
resolved, and avoided. Many of the respondents mentioned follow-up as one of the
key elements for successful customer experience. Aftersales were perceived to have
a great impact in retaining the customer, as training the new customers is
considerably more difficult. Therefore, emphasis should lie on maintaining the
partnership. Many of the respondents also considered the first phases of the customer
journey as particularly important to manage, as the product is very technical, which
requires capability and capacity to properly explain the product. Hence, the
introduction was seen as crucial, making sure you are introducing yourself, your
product, and your business properly, to show them the received value beyond the
product. Contract negotiations are a big part of the industry, which impacts the
customer experience. Many perceived contract negotiations also an important place
to build up the customer experience.
As mentioned, many of the customers have a long-term history, with over 40-50
years of cooperation. The customers in a mature state were also perceived as
particularly important to manage, as these customers represent the top of the
customer experience pyramid with high trust and loyalty. Respondents also perceived
that with mature customers, an increased strategy should be applied, with increasing
initiative.
The continual dialogue was mentioned as one of the key factors for customer
experience. The majority also highlighted the importance of communication on
different levels of the dyad. A continuous exchange of information and ongoing
49

discussion should exist on a wide range of company levels to improve the
information flow. To be able to manage customers’ experience one should have the
thresholding in place, to understand the current situation, value-drivers, and what
makes the customer happy as well as their pain points, that the company tries to
anticipate in proactive manners. Moreover, the majority of the respondents argued
that a structured process was required for managing customer experience, with
standardized processes and approaches, that are clear to everyone. Therefore, account
classification should be done to allocate the right resources to manage the customer
experience. Customer experience management was, thus, perceived to start from
customer understanding, to interpret the needs and challenges to later build up crossfunctional teams that eventually deliver value for both parties. The respondents
argued, that to manage customer experience right tools are required, with clear
responsibilities, expectations, systems, and capabilities to support the process.
Customer experience should be built up from listening and understanding and further
through follow-up, to create a value proposition that is based on customer needs and
challenges. Respondent D explains customer experience as following:
“Good customer experience translates to satisfied people at the customer side, which
reflects all the way to their organization and the way, their view about us is built. And
of course, then you go forward, it translates to more business, and it translates to trust
on an economical side, it translates to being the preferred partner, it translates into the
willingness of deepening the partnership and then kind of selecting us in a scenario
where the economical levels are equal or even a bit different where they see the value
of choosing us and instead of other.” (Respondent D)

The frequency of contact and the trustworthiness of communication were elements
contributing to successful customer experience management. Considering the
customer journey early education and quick medication were seen as important to
ensure a positive and consistent experience. Respondent C stated that managing the
experience is a lot about “stopping fires”. Therefore, how the company reacts to the
complaint is a vital element contributing to customer experience. Often a dedicated
person should be named to look after the customers’ interests.
Respondent A also highlighted that account management has a valuable impact on
the realization of customer experience, as the key account manager often is in charge
of delivering most of the customer experience. In a sense executing a vision for
50

customer experience, since they are often responsible for communication and
ensuring that what has been agreed on has been delivered accordingly. Respondent E
also highlighted the importance of the account manager, as the person is the head of
the account. The initiatives should be taken by the account manager, to be the one
that listens to the customers’ needs. One crucial element of the account manager is
the capability to understand the customer and take the information back to your own
company to understand whether the strategic approaches have mutual interest. To
consider the long-term sight one should decide whether upcoming targets are
unanimous and match between the companies. Therefore, the information should be
interpreted from both sides of the dyad, continually.
Moreover, many perceived customer experience as a vital part of account
management. Account management is a lot about collecting insight and building up
the customer’s viewpoint to the selling organization, hence, customer experience
becomes a part of the account management process. Further, account management
was seen as a vital tool for customer experience, since with account management one
should have a structured process to deliver the service, as the mutual goals and
strategy should have been set. Customer experience is further determined through
execution, how well the case company can deliver on agreed terms.
Account management is seen to provide the foundation for customer experience,
ensuring that the right people are engaging on various company levels. Further, the
account team works closely with customer’s internal stakeholders, which makes it
more visible and important to understand what the customers feel. As the boundaries
between companies fade and the link become stronger, one could say, that everything
you do in account management contributes to customer experience.
“With one of our customers we had a long list of logistic improvements and then they
said, but we like the people, that is the most important thing for us, that we can rely
on you, when you describe the market, drive your price, and drive your service, that
we can believe it.” (Respondent D)

Customer experience was also perceived to derive from the company strategy.
Respondents perceived that to successfully implement customer experience
management, the top management should highlight the importance of it. Therefore,
customer experience should be thoroughly stressed on all company levels to ensure
successful implementation.
51

Respondent D continued to explain that customer experience should be observed as a
building block in everything the company does, in each part of the customer journey.
Respondent D perceives that flexibility and easiness throughout the entire journey
contribute to improved customer experience. Nonetheless, the focus should be put on
the overall view rather than on single details as most of the customers are buying a
package. In addition, the customer experience was evaluated by the case companys’
tendency of translating customers’ wishes and requirements into an appealing
offering.

52

5. Results
This chapter introduces the results of this research. The chapter will consist of the
theoretical findings presented in chapter 2, and of the research findings presented in
the previous chapter. The results will be presented as a comparison between the
literature review and data analysis.
This research aimed to find out whether key account management and customer
intimacy could be perceived as building foundations of customer experience
management. Moreover, the research strived to understand how the customer
experience should be managed with a customer intimacy value discipline and how
key accounts should be managed to live up to it. Three research questions were
presented in chapter 1.
[1] How can organizations improve the B2B customer experience when adopting
customer intimacy?
[2] How can key account management support the realization of successful customer
experience and customer intimacy?
[3] What are the implications of key account management and customer intimacy for
B2B customer experience management?
KAM, customer insight, customer intimacy, and customer experience management
were discussed both in the literature review and data analysis and, hence,
contributing the foundations for the results. As found out in the data analysis KAM is
perceived as the foundation for customer relationship management in B2B markets.
Therefore, the results will also start by introducing the findings regarding KAM.

5.1 Key Account Management
Key account management was stated to be a crucial part of customer relationship
management, as it aims to build strategic long-lasting partnerships (McDonald et al.,
1997). Similar evidence evolved from the empirical findings since the majority of the
customer relationships have lasted over several decades and, hence, contributing with
greater strategic importance for the case company. Homburg et al. (2002) explain
that great emphasis on KAM is partly important, due to the customers’ high revenue
contribution. The empirical findings confirm it, as many strategic customers have a
53

high share wallet with the case company. KAM is perceived as a set of employees
who are put together to provide exceptional service for the customer (Homburg et al.,
2002). Similar assumptions arose from the empirical findings, as accounts are
managed through dedicated sales teams, consisting of various departments. The
communication occurs on various organizational levels, involving parties from
operational activities to top management. Communication on multiple levels was
highly valued and considered to improve the cooperation. As Gosselin and Bauwen
(2006) stated, KAM should be viewed as an integrated process covering multiple
departments. The authors continue to explain that KAM should be seen as a
proactive approach towards customer-centricity. The empirical findings likewise
highlighted the importance of being proactive instead of reactive.
KAM aims to provide solutions that create value for both sides of the partnership
(McDonald et al., 1997). Similar assumptions arise from the empirical findings as the
benefits should be seen on both sides of the dyad since the case company provides
the tools for their customers’ growth at the same time as they increase their market
position by enabling the growth. Further, one crucial element that occurred from the
interviews was the willingness of finding joint ways to grow in each other’s interests.
The empirical findings indicate that the customers should rather be seen as partners
and, hence, managed through cooperation. Similar assumptions are made by
McDonald et al. (1997) who argued that partnerships become more significant and
boundaries between the two companies are becoming more invisible. The empirical
findings imply that the company boundaries do not play a big significance as the
initial aim is to grow together, through inter-organizational approaches. Therefore,
joint business plans are utilized in the case company, to agree on mutual ambitions
and targets.
However, as Gosselin and Bauwen (2006) explain, not all accounts require the key
resources to be maintained. The selling company should carefully select which
account to focus on. Similar assumptions occurred also from the empirical findings
as respondents perceived that accounts should be segmented through their strategic
importance so that the case company could allocate the recourses accordingly. Thus,
the respondents disagreed on whether a structural account management process was
in place or not. A minority perceived that an account model depending on the
strategic importance of customers already existed. The secondary data, thus,
54

confirms that an account model exists, as the accounts were divided into key
accounts, growth accounts, and strategic accounts, importance in chronological
order, with least emphasis put on key accounts with a lean account management
style. In the model presented by Gosselin and Bauwen (2006 p.379), the accounts
were segmented into key accounts, strategic accounts, transactional accounts, and
captive accounts, with the implication that strategic accounts had the highest value
both in the relationship proneness and competence development proneness. The case
company also perceived strategic accounts as the most important.
The most crucial factor for the case company while selecting customers is the fit of
doing business, as it contributes to long-term strategy. The empirical findings
highlight that relationships should be noted as a vital part of the partnership,
especially in the complex B2B environment. Similar assumptions occur from
Guesalaga et al. (2018) who state that companies utilize KAM as a tool to establish
and maintain the relationship. The authors suggest that KAM is also dependent on
the selling companys’ recourses and capabilities.
The empirical findings indicate that the case company has the right resources to
allocate to each customer. The resources presented by Guesalaga et al. (2018 p. 163)
included customer knowledge, top management support, training, processes, and
technology. These were all factors that also arise from the empirical findings. Many
perceived that top management support was crucial to align, to understand what is
meant and required with account management. Further, the link between the account
management model and the business model should be improved. The capabilities
required for KAM included according to Guesalaga et al. (2018 p. 163) relationshipand trust-building, value proposition development, market sensing, and
reconfiguration. These are all elements that also resulted from the research data.
Problem-solving could according to Guesalaga et al. (2018) be seen as a vital part of
opportunity creation while flexibility was needed in reconfiguration. The empirical
findings confirm that problem-solving and indecent management are vital tools for
both KAM and customer experience. Furthermore, flexibility together with
information sharing, and trust-building, were seen as crucial factors contributing to
KAM.

55

Guesalaga et al. (2018) state that cross-functional methods should be adapted in
account management to manage the resources externally with the customer company
and internally between peers and departments to establish, maintain and reshape
customer relationships. The empirical findings also indicate that information
collection is a crucial part of account management. With the help of customer
insight, the case company could translate the information into the company and align
on mutual goals with the customers. Therefore, to ensure the flow and continuum of
the partnerships, cross-functional methods should be applied to agree on mutual
ambitions for the future.
For the case company to manage their key accounts, an account plan should be
followed, preferably a long-term one. The plan should include key goals and specific
targets that the case company wants to achieve with the customer. Joint business
plans were also stated to be utilized, to agree on mutual priorities, ambitions,
expectations. Zupancic (2008), thus, argues that companies do not have a mutual way
to manage their key accounts, but rather various models are implemented. This is
both confirmed and neglected in the empirical findings as one of the respondents
perceived that all of the accounts needed different approaches while other
respondents perceived that a structured approach was required.
Kumar et al. (2019) recommend capturing the performance as a customer-supplier
relationship by implementing a network approach that perceives relationships as
interlinked partnerships. The empirical findings reinforce the approach, as the case
company, as a supplier, also saw the value in being perceived as a collaborative
partner, to collect the customer insight from a broader perspective. Therefore, a
yearly account clock should be utilized, which both parties should be aware of, to
reach a win-win situation. Thus, the empirical findings highlighted the importance of
personal relationships beyond the business transaction considerably more than the
literature review. The respondents were unanimous that personal relationships
affected the success of the partnership tremendously as the people working with
people create the business.
As Ojasalo (2001a) states, customer insight enables to provide solutions that increase
the value in use, especially for mature customers. Similar observations also occur in
the empirical finding as respondents perceived that mature customers were
56

particularly important to manage, also by increasing the value proposition. The case
company also stated that the goal is to improve customer insight by understanding
their customers’ value-driving elements to build up the customer value proposition,
in order to serve them better.

5.2 Customer Insight and Customer Relationship Management
As stated, to understand the customers’ needs and wants, a lot of customer
knowledge must be collected through various channels. Rantala et al. (2017) also
highlight the importance of collecting insight from multiple channels. This is, thus,
considered a challenge. Today, digital channels are considered to be the main source
of information. The research data also confirms that various digital channels are
utilized, such as, the NPS questioner and CRM systems. The case company also
shared their concerns in the large amounts of information, as the collected insight
consists of various direct and indirect channels. Rantala et al. (2017) also highlight
similar issues, especially considering the digital sources of information, which are
numerous. The authors urge to thoroughly identify the most relevant touchpoints that
contribute with insightful information regarding the customers. The authors, further,
stress to consider which sources of information to utilized in various stages of the
customer journey. The empirical findings, on the other hand, did not highlight the
need for different approached during different maturity stages.
Rantala et al. (2017) criticized that customer insight is not utilized as efficiently as
possible. As a result, many decide to focus on fewer customers, as the case company.
The case company was stated to have a good level of collecting information and
centralizing it. The information consists of interactions, word of mouth, market
intelligence, and public affairs, all collecting insight from various aspects. The
cooperation internally between teams was seen as crucial, to receive greater customer
insight.
In the case company, the common way to collect insight was directly from the
customers, through interaction and customer engagement. Meetings and phone calls
were mentioned, together with workshops, as the main source of direct information.
During these interactions, the case company strives to gather an understanding of
their customers’ possible concerns and focus areas. Price and Wrigley (2016) also
elaborate that customer insight is gathered by active interaction with the selling
57

company’s customers, through investigating the spoken and unspoken needs, wants,
and desires. Rantala et al. (2017) stated that the selling companies should emphasize
the value in use in customer insight and focus on understanding how to create added
value for the customer. Similar assumptions arise from the research data as the case
company was stated to improve their customer insight, to build up customer value
propositions. The case company strives to utilize the insight to provide the customer
with value-driving elements that serve them better, to increase loyalty and
satisfaction. To achieve this the company strives to collect intimate customer insight
that goes beyond the regular.
Furthermore, Baily et al. (2009) perceive segmentation and CRM systems as
requirements for collecting customer insight. The empirical findings result that CRM
systems are vital to collect and store the data. However, the case company’s CRM
system, Salesforce, should be utilized to a greater extent, systematically. Therefore,
segmentation could be utilized to have a more structured approach in collecting
customer insight. Further, the case company should align on which knowledge to
collect from particular customers during the customer journey. Chen and Popovich
(2003) also highlight that CRM systems should be utilized to increase value for both
parties. The empirical findings indicate similar results as the case company strives to
be perceived as a collaborative partner, to collect the insight from a broader
perspective. The case company perceived that the structure for collecting customer
insight is in place, as the communication is on regular basis and often open.
Greenberg (2010) urges to customize the interactions with the customers to receive
more valuable customer insight. The case company adopts the approach since they
utilize joint business plans, that encourage the customer to share information more
openly. Customization in the case company could also be seen in the NPS
questionnaires, as the questions are tailored according to the customer and
department. The case company also utilize MyHub as an interaction portal, for the
personalized need of customers, to share information. Greenberg (2010), further,
highlight that often the most vital insight is provided voluntarily by the customers.
The empirical findings also confirm it, as the most valuable interactions were in
person, where the case company had the chance to listen to the feeling. Collecting
customer satisfaction was seen as a binary method.

58

5.3 Customer Intimacy
As Treacy & Wiersema (1993) explain, customer intimacy is a customer-centric
value discipline that aims to create long-term relationships with customers and
increase loyalty. The research data indicates that customer-centricity was seen as a
synonym for customer intimacy. In the empirical findings, customer intimacy was,
further, perceived as a proactive approach, where trust, loyalty, and open dialogue
build up the foundation. Treacy and Wiersema (1993) also perceived customer
insight as the foundation for customer insight. Similar assumptions also arise from
the empirical findings, as customer intimacy was perceived to be based on customer
understanding. In the case company, customer intimacy was described as the process
of gathering valuable customer insight from a well-functioning good relation. The
empirical findings also highlight that once built up an intimate customer relationship
it is more difficult to change, as the customers might be receiving tailored solutions.
Being able to offer tailored solutions that meet the needs and desires of customers
was also according to Treacy and Wiersema (1993) seen as an outcome of customer
intimacy. Kai‐Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou (2012) also highlight commitment, loyalty,
and availability of customers as results of customer intimacy. The empirical findings,
however, highlight long-term customer relationships as the result the intimacy. Kai‐
Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou (2012) also urge to view customer intimacy as a tight
relationship with mutual understanding. Empirical findings also result that customer
intimacy was rather seen as the connection with the customers. Customer intimacy
was, further, perceived to start from persons and then grow into the organization.
Habryn (2012) also explains that customer intimacy should be built on relationships.
The author continues that customer intimacy is a competitive strategy aiming to
achieve a market-leading position by understanding the customers thoroughly to
offer tailored solutions, therefore, the relationships are perceived in the long term.
The results imply that the case company is one of the leading organizations in the
field adopting a customer-centric approach.
KAM was also perceived as a crucial part of customer intimacy since respondents
argued that intimacy can only be achieved through account management and interorganizational structures. Treacy & Wiersema (1993) also pinpoint decentralization
as a common way to respond to the demand of fewer customers with individual
solutions available. The empirical findings state that customer intimacy differentiates
59

the structural account management principles, into more personalized account
management, as the relationship is deeper, and might translate into a personalized
account management style. With customer intimacy, the case company can initiate
ideas and improve the cooperation. Consistency also occurred in the empirical
findings, as stickiness is needed to maintain the relationship. Empirical findings
indicate that customer intimacy can be seen as the foundation for the value
proposition. Habryn (2012) also provided similar implications as customer intimacy
should create value to the customer. Value perception was also stated to reinforce
customer intimacy according to Kai‐Uwe Brock and Yu Zhou (2012).
The empirical findings stress that customer intimacy discusses the same concepts that
have been discussed before in marketing studies. Nevertheless, this is prevalent, as
Habryn (2012) explains that the roots in the philosophy establish from relationship
marketing and service-dominance but is evolved throughout a more service-oriented
mindset where customers have high expectations which companies are trying to
predict, to fill the needs and desires with customization.
The empirical findings argued that customer intimacy requires account management
and consistent customer experience. Thus, customer intimacy was not a term widely
used in the company, even if many of the customer relations were intimate and longterm relationships. Customer intimacy was considered to be applied to a certain
extent in the case company, but not governing decisions. Therefore, many saw it as a
part of account management rather than as a holistic strategy deployed. Thus, the
path towards customer intimacy was perceived as good, especially along with
strategic accounts. Nevertheless, a formalized approach with a structured process and
framework was requested to interpret what is meant with customer intimacy in the
case company. A holistic meaning should be aligned on, starting from the senior
management throughout the whole organization. Habryn et al. (2012) also highlight
that customer intimacy should be adapted in the overall strategy to meet the high
expectations of the customers.
According to the empirical findings, customer intimacy and customer experience
were seen as interlinked processes, based on genuine interactions that are not generic
but rather personalized, honest, and transparent. Customer intimacy was, further,
stated to involve more emotion and feeling, which contribute to a better experience.
60

The respondents perceived customer intimacy as the strategy and customer
experience as the outcome of how that strategy is deployed. To continuously improve
customer experience, ongoing customer intimacy processes should be followed by
using data and customer insights. Habryn (2012) also emphasizes that customer
intimacy should be interpreted both by managing the relationship and managing
customer knowledge. Therefore, Habryn et al. (2012) introduce the multidimensional
models to manage customer intimacy, presented previously in the literature review.
The model captures customer information and tangible assessment points that
contribute to evaluating intimacy.
The empirical findings perceive customer intimacy as one of the building blocks of
customer experience, and hence, good customer experience as a result of customer
intimacy. In addition Gobble (2015) stated customer intimacy to have a great impact
on customer experience, as it goes beyond customer insight and focuses on creating
engagement with the customers.

5.4 Customer Experience Management
As stated, customer experience is a crucial part of the whole customer journey and
captures all direct and indirect interaction the customer has with the organization
(McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015). Customer experience is, further, perceived as an
overall competitive advantage. The case company, thus, argues that there is yet not a
holistic process in place to manage customer experience. Clear processes, with a
holistic understanding of what is meant with customer experience, should be agreed
on, with tools and guidelines to support the management of it. The literature review
also discussed that customer experience is implemented far more in B2C markets,
than in B2B markets. The gap in customer experience management in the B2B
markets was considered problematic, as the emphasis should be put on maintaining
the relationships, as the industrial markets are dependent on fewer customers
(McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015; Zolkiewski et al., 2017). The industrial markets also
consist of multiple interactions and touchpoints between the parties, which
contributes to a multidimensional nature. The selling company can control some of
the interactions but is unlikely to control many (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015)
Similar assumptions arose from the empirical findings as the case company
perceived the amount of data to be impossible to control.
61

Customer experience is limited to the customers’ ability to perceive the received
benefits as it consists of direct and indirect interactions on various levels (Ojasalo,
2001a; McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015). Rantala et al. (2017) explain that industrial
markets often observe different aspects regarding customer experience, such as the
value in use. Zolkiewski et al. (2017) also explain that customer experience in B2B
markets is more likely to focus on factors, as decreased costs, and easiness of doing
business. This is also prevalent in the empirical findings, as characteristics that were
often linked with good customer experience were quality, speed, dependability,
flexibility, profit-making, and cost. The easiness of doing business was also
considered to improve customer experience as long as the business remained
seamless and easy. Value in use was also perceived as crucial, as the case company
argued that value proposition should be presented while showing that the customer is
valued. Therefore, the value proposition should be based on customer needs but,
thus, create value for both sides of the dyad.
Lemon and Verhoef (2016) identify that customer experience evolves and reshapes
during the evolution of the customer journey, wherefore, the different stages of the
customer relationships should be observed. Similar results occurred from the
empirical findings, as customer experience should be seen as a journey, especially in
the B2B environment as the dynamics are different. The respondents perceived that
discipline to improve the relationship should apply while both parties retain value.
The intensified role of customers in customer experience management was also
highlighted in the literature review, as the customer can determine how involved they
want to be (Zolkiewski et al., 2017). Customers have also received a leading role in
the relationship, as they can be perceived as co-creators that even have a greater
influence on the selling company itself. Hence, customer experience management
much depends on the resources and abilities of the customer company and how much
they can contribute to the co-creation. (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2015) The empirical
findings show that customer experience should be previewed as co-created value, as
the case company is seldomly seen as a supplier rather than a partner aiming for a
win-win situation. The majority of the case companys’ customers were even
perceived as co-creators. McColl-Kennedy et al. (2019) suggest a practice-based
approach to highlight the multi-actor dimensions, meaning that all parties involved
influence each other. This contributes to new deeper insights with a wider mindset
62

and understanding of the relationship, as the relationship evolves. McColl-Kennedy
et al. (2019), however, conclude that customer journeys should be observed from the
customers’ perspective. The empirical findings also reinforce that customer
experience is seen as a result of the whole performance, as customer’s response and
buying behavior.
Zolkiewski et al. (2017) stress that the relationships often cross organizational
boundaries and might involve several client-customer relationships. Therefore,
different stakeholders might have different perceptions of the overall experience, due
to different roles. The empirical findings also highlighted that customer experience
should start from customer understanding, to interpret the need and challenges to
then build up cross-functional teams.
Ojasalo (2001a) states that new customers often emphasize the outcome of shortterm benefits, while mature relationships emphasize the long-term value. New
customers might also have unrealistic and even unclear views on the experience,
while mature customers have more demanding expectations. The empirical findings
also conclude that the first phases of the customer journey are particularly important
to manage as customer experience origins from the first phases. Hence, the
introduction was seen as crucial, to introduce the value beyond the product. Yet, the
case company also emphasized mature customers as particularly important to
manage as the business is based on long-term relationships. Therefore, an increased
strategy and initiative should be applied with mature customers to improve customer
experience.
McColl-Kennedy et al. (2019) identify that new ways of capturing, managing, and
improving customer experience can arise from collecting customer insight. Thus, a
more conceptual framework is needed to manage the customer experience in B2B
markets. The authors utilize the touchpoint approach by investigating brand-owned
post-purchase. The implication with the model is that the customer experience is
captured [1] through various touchpoints that investigate [2] value creation elements
[3] discrete emotions and [4] cognitive responses (McColl-Kennedy et al., 2019, p.
12). The model could, further, be implemented in the customer experience pyramid
introduced in the empirical findings and provide a structured process for customer
experience management. The model provides various elements to interpret during the
63

customer journey and would, hence, contribute with tangible elements to manage,
and create a structured framework for the case company.
The literature review did not interpret relationship management as a tool for
customer experience. However, the empirical findings highlight it strongly. The
relationships were considered as particularly important, to have relationships beyond
the business transaction. By understanding the customer’s experience, an improved
value proposition could also be achieved. Account management was also stated to be
an important element of customer experience as the account manager was stated to
deliver a crucial part of the customer experience. Hence, KAM is perceived as the
foundation for customer experience management. Account management has a vital
part to translate the customers’ wishes into the case company. Furthermore, the
cross-functional teams in account management also contribute to customer
experience as the boundaries between companies fade and the link becomes stronger.
One could say that everything done in KAM contributes to customer experience.
Furthermore, customer experience in the case company was seen as a building block
in everything the company does, in every point of the customer journey, which the
senior management should align on. Good customer experience was stated to
translate into satisfied people at the customer side, which reflects into the customer
organization. In the long-term, the customer experience was stated to improve the
business and profit as the customers could see the value in deepening the partnership
with the case company since the company was seen as the preferred partner.

64

6. Conclusion and Discussion
This chapter presents a comprehensive summary of the research findings.
Furthermore, theoretical implications and managerial implications will be given. The
conclusions will also discuss limitations and recommendations for future research.

6.1 Conclusions
The research has strived to elaborate whether customer intimacy and KAM can be
perceived as the foundation for the B2B customer experience. The research studies
several key terms contributing to customer experience in industrial markets and
interpreted the knowledge of nine professionals of the case company to reinforce the
findings.
After the empirical findings, it became evident that the B2B customer experience
management is a vital part of organizations’ competitive advantage and requires
KAM, customer intimacy, and customer insight as the foundation. The results show
that KAM, customer intimacy, and customer experience share mutual value drivers,
such as trust, consistency, and commitment. Furthermore, mutual interest,
transparency, and loyalty were key terms strongly connected to the topics. As the
result, customer intimacy and KAM can be perceived to deliver the foundations for
B2B customer experience management.
Organizations can improve their customer experience by applying customer
intimacy. The empirical findings indicate that customer intimacy involves more
emotion and feeling, as the customers have a genuine interest to be in the
relationship, which contributes to a better experience. Therefore, customer intimacy
is perceived as the strategy and customer experience as the result of how that strategy
is deployed. Customer intimacy together with KAM was perceived as a proactive
approach towards customer focus. Yet, customer intimacy should develop KAM
towards a personalized account management style, that is considered to improve the
customer experience. Hence, customer intimacy should deliver the structure for
performance.
The empirical findings show that customer experience cannot be managed without
KAM, as KAM provides the foundation for customer experience management, by
65

ensuring that interactions occur on various levels continuously. In addition, KAM is
considered to provide most of the customer insight, and hence, is perceived to build
the connection between the customer and the selling company. As a result, KAM
provides an essential part of the customer experience.

6.2 Discussion
This research has focused to elaborate on evidence for B2B customer experience
management. Prior academic scholars have overlooked the area and focused on
consumer markets, which has resulted in a lack of understanding of B2B customer
experience management. This research confirms it since it was perceived that the
case company was one of the first in the industry to emphasize customer experience.
However, a structured process for customer experience management was still
missing but highly requested.
The implication is, that B2B customer experience management should be seen as a
dynamic process that evolves. In addition, the customer experience management
approach, introduced by McColl-Kennedy et.al. (2019), should be applied, to capture
(1) touchpoints, (2) value creation elements, (3) discrete emotions, and (4) cognitive
responses.
Customer intimacy should include both CRM and customer insight (Habryn, 2012).
The empirical findings reinforced customer intimacy to have a great impact on
customer experience, and hence, positive customer experience as a result of customer
intimacy. In addition, Gobble (2015) stated customer intimacy to go beyond
customer insight and focuses on creating engagement with the customers. The
empirical findings show that customer intimacy was perceived as the foundation for
the value proposition. Yet, without a focus on KAM, customer insight, and customer
experience, the company cannot apply customer intimacy as a competitive strategy.
A theoretical framework was introduced in Chapter 1. After the empirical findings,
this research suggests applying the framework to understand the variables
contributing to customer experience management in industrial markets on a holistic
level.

66

Figure 5. The theoretical framework

The model presents customer experience management as an ongoing and dynamic
process with interrelated variables. In the model, customer insight provides the
foundation for the framework, while KAM and customer intimacy are perceived as
equal elements providing the foundation for customer experience management.
Nonetheless, to adopt customer intimacy, prior efforts should have been dedicated to
KAM. Customer intimacy was perceived to deliver an improved customer
experience, but the customer experience was also seen to increase the level of
customer intimacy. As stated, customer intimacy is, therefore, perceived as the
strategy and customer experience as the outcome of how that strategy is deployed.
Yet, in the model customer intimacy and customer experience are considered to have
an ongoing influence on one another. Continuous influence is also observed between
KAM and customer experience, as customer experience was considered to improve
the efficiency of KAM, while KAM was perceived to deliver most of the customer
experience.
As a result, the model should be perceived as an ongoing and interactive evaluation
of customer experience.

6.3 Theoretical Implications
Previous academic scholars have perceived the research topics as independent
variables influencing customer relationships from various perspectives. This research
67

has strived to review the topics as an interactive approach influencing one another
and the customer experience management.
As observed, many similar characteristics were identified between the research
topics. The findings indicate that problem solving is an important element of KAM
and customer experience, while trust-building and mutual goals and ambitions were
prevalent whether discussing customer experience, KAM, or customer intimacy.
Similarly, customer insight and mutual value were linked to customer intimacy,
KAM, and customer experience management. Hence, the findings advise creating
relationships beyond the business transactions.
The results show that a shared vision can be observed, with a mutual aim to improve
the selling companys’ competitive advantage in the long-term.

6.4 Managerial Implications
Customer intimacy is considered to create a stronger market position for the
company. However, without a focus on KAM, customer insight, and customer
experience, the company cannot apply customer intimacy as a competitive strategy.
The findings indicate that the case company has a structure built up for account
management, however, the model is not yet applied to all accounts. The empirical
findings request for a structured approach in B2B customer experience management.
Many perceived good customer experiences as a result of customer intimacy and vice
versa. Yet, customer intimacy was perceived as a synonym for customer-centricity
rather than as a discipline governing decisions in the case company. Furthermore,
both customer experience management and customer intimacy require a structured
process. Managers are advised to highlight the mutual value drivers and define the
key topics to create a shared understanding in the case company. The
recommendation is to define the four main topics according to the theoretical
framework presented in the study, with a mutual aim to serve the customers with a
greater value.
This thesis perceives the variables as forces having an ongoing and interactive
influence on one another. Hence, clear ambitions levels and targets should be set for
each topic. Customer intimacy was stated to improve the customer experience if clear
68

process and protocol existed. Hence, the managers are urged to define the expected
impact level of customer intimacy. Current actions that contribute to customer
intimacy should also be identified. Moreover, managers should define the wanted
results with customer intimacy and align on how customer intimacy is expected to
improve KAM and customer experience.
This thesis urges managers to implement customer intimacy as a structured approach,
steadily. The implication is that customer intimacy can improve KAM by
implementing a structure for customer-centricity. Therefore, the recommendation is
to evaluate customer intimacy through tangible assessment points to measure the
customer interactions. With tangible touchpoints, intimacy can be translated into
more efficient KAM and improved customer experience management.
In conclusion, customer intimacy improves the customer experience, while customer
experience management enables to deepen the intimacy. Finally, it should be
acknowledged that customer experience management is built up from KAM,
customer insight, and customer intimacy and investigates determined touchpoints
during the whole customer journey, covering, direct and indirect channels. Hence,
managers should perceive customer experience management as an interactive
process, covering the response of several individuals from the customer’s side.

6.5 Limitations and Future Research
This thesis has consisted of various limitations to contribute with accurate findings.
Consequently, the results of the research can only be perceived from the case
company’s perspective, as no customers were contacted for this research. Therefore,
it will remain unknown how the customer would perceive the researched topics.
Hence, the research finding cannot be utilized without investigating the customers’
perspective as well. Future research is urged to investigate the customers’
perspective on customer experience management, in B2B markets.
In this study, the focus remained on the case company’s customers in Europe and
America, which further limits the research, as the company operates globally.
Incorporating Asia, for instance, might have influenced the research findings.
Nevertheless, this research only observed the case company as a supplier and, hence,
the customer as counterparties, either as branded channel partners or distributors.
69

This, further, limits the research as the customers are not necessarily the end-users of
the product. The focus remained only on the case company’s direct customers, not on
the end-users.
It should be observed that the market environment is highly influenced by
regulations and governmental restrictions. Hence, the customers might be buying the
product only due to governmental obligations and mandate fulfillment. Future
research could be conducted in investigating how customer experience management
is influenced by mandate fulfillment.
The collected research data included only nine semi-structured interviews, which
limits this research. Further, no separation was done between the different
geographical regions contributing to this research. Hence, the customers were
referred to as the same, not depending on if the respondent worked in Europe or
America. Moreover, no separation was done in the different roles of the respondents
that, further, limited the research, as not all respondents are in daily contact with the
customer.
As the thesis is written during the global pandemic, it further limits the research as
all interviews were conducted online. Furthermore, all interviews were conducted in
English, which could have limited how freely the respondent could express
themselves, as it only was the mother tongue of one respondent. Further, the
participants were chosen by the case company itself, which might have had
implications on the research, as if the participants had been chosen randomly or by
the author.
Furthermore, as the research is conducted as a part of the master’s thesis, it further
limits the depth and schedule of the research as the thesis was written during a
timeframe of seven months.

70

7. Summary in Swedish – Svensk sammanfattning
Kundintimitet och Key Account Management: grunden för att hantera B2Bkundupplevelse
7.1 Inledning
Idag har kundupplevelse fått en allt viktigare roll inom organisationer, då företagen
strävar efter att upprätthålla sin övergripande konkurrenskraft (Zolkiewski et al.,
2017). Kundupplevelse är en viktig del av en kunds livscykel. Därför bör
organisationer uppmärksamma sina kunders behov och önskemål under hela
kundresan för att skapa långsiktiga kundrelationer. Enligt McColl-Kennedy et al.
(2015) består kundupplevelse av direkta och indirekta interaktioner som involverar
kundernas kognitiva, affektiva, känslomässiga, sociala och fysiska reaktion på varan
eller servicen. Dock har tidigare forskningar snarare utforskat fenomenet från
konsumentperspektiv (B2C) än från företagsperspektiv (B2B) med industriella
kundrelationer (Zolkiewski et.al, 2017). Detta är oroväckande, eftersom B2Bmarknaderna även ofta är beroende av färre kunder som bidrar med högre marginal
(O'Brien, Liu, Chen & Lusch, 2020). Därför bör en högre betoning läggas på att
upprätthålla de komplexa B2B-kundrelationer genom att förstå kundernas
upplevelse. För att upprätthålla kundrelationer väljer flera företag att fokusera på
färre kunder som bidrar med högre strategiskt vikt och är således lönsammare att
upprätthålla. Följaktligen blir Key Account Management (KAM) viktigt för
företagen att tillämpa. KAM hänvisar till kontinuerligt arbete med företagets
viktigaste kunder för att upprätthålla de strategiska kundrelationerna. Dessa
kundrelationer anses bidra med tillgångar till företagets framtida utveckling och
anses således som långsiktiga. (Svens, Leischnig, Pardo, Niersbachd, 2018) För att
upprätthålla relationen krävs det kontinuerlig insamling av information och kunskap
om kunderna; därför är kunderfarenheter oerhört viktiga att uppmärksamma.
Kunderfarenheter bör kontinuerligt insamlas och analyseras för att förstå
beteendemönster och kunderna bättre. (Rantala et al. 2017). Då företagen väljer att
fokusera på färre kunder som bidrar med högre värde, kan även kundintimitet som en
konkurrenskraftig filosofi tillämpas. Kundintimitet grundar sig på kunderfarenheter
som bidrar med mervärde och har som uppgift att förstå kunderna på en djupare nivå.
Målet är att skapa långsiktiga kundrelationer och öka lojalitet.

71

Denna forskning har utförts på uppdrag för ett multinationellt företag, som har sin
verksamhet inom förnybara bränslen samt oljeindustrin. Studien har utförts i
samarbetet med avdelningen för förnybara bränslen. Företaget kommer framöver att
hänvisas till företag X.
7.2 Syfte
Syftet med detta studie är att klargöra hur kundupplevelse bör hanteras inom B2Bmarknader. Det specifika syftet är att undersöka om KAM och kundintimitet kan
anses som grunden för hantering av B2B-kundupplevelse. Målet är att förstå hur
kundupplevelse bör hanteras i ett företag som tillämpar kundintimitet som en
konkurrenskraftig filosofi. Dessutom granskas hur nyckelkonton bör hanteras för att
leva upp till filosofin. Vidare ligger fokus på att undersöka hur kunderfarenheter bör
insamlas och tillämpas för att förstå kunderna. Avhandlingen besvarar följande
forskningsfrågor:
[1] Hur kan organisationer förbättra hantering av B2B-kundupplevelse då
kundintimitet tillämpas som en konkurrenskraftig filosofi?
[2] Hur stöder KAM åstadkommandet av framgångsrik kundupplevelse och
kundintimitet?
[3] Vilka implikationer har KAM och kundintimitet för hantering av B2Bkundupplevelse?
7.3 Metod
I denna studie har en kvalitativ forskningsmetod tillämpats, med nio individuella
semi-strukturerade intervjuer. Kvalitativa forskningsmetoder används för att tolka
sammanhang och helheter och ses således som en metod vars huvudsakliga syfte är
att klargöra förhållandet mellan teori och praktik. (Bryman & Bell, 2011)
Alla nio intervjuer ordnades via Zoom på grund av den rådande globala
coronapandemin covid-19. Intervjuerna varade mellan en halv timme och en timme.
Respondenterna var alla medarbetare från företaget och valdes av företagets initiativ.
Alla intervjuer följde en intervjuguide. Enligt Svensson (2015) bör en intervjuguide
följa en minneslista av frågor som moderatorn följer under intervjutillfället för att
upprätthålla en struktur. Eftersom intervjuerna var semi-strukturerade användes
sondering under följdfrågorna. Enligt Given (2008) är sondering en intervjuteknik
72

som används i kvalitativ forskning för att uppnå grundligare och med detaljerade
svar. Sondering kan vara icke-verbalt och verbalt. Icke-verbala metoder är till
exempel miner medan verbala metoder innefattar frågeord (Patton, 2015). I denna
studie användes båda för att uppnå omsorgsfullare svar.
Alla nio intervjuer spelades in och transkriberades. Efter transkribering användes
coding och datasampling som analystekniker. Datasampling innebär att moderatorn
lyssnar på transkriberingar flera gånger för att hitta sammanhang som tillför
forskningsresultat. Med coding bröts data ner till mindre delar genom att identifiera
olika sammanhang och teman. Fyra huvudteman identifierades: key account
management, customer intimacy, customer experience, och customer insight.
7.4 Empiri
I den empiriska delen diskuteras enbart forskningsresultat genom fyra identifierade
huvudteman.
Enligt respondenterna ansågs KAM vara grunder för effektiv kundbetjäning inom
B2B-marknaderna. Företag X baserar sin verksamhet på långvariga strategiska
kunder som företaget ser en gemensam framtid med. Respondenterna ansåg
gemensamma mål, ambitioner, och vision som ytterst viktiga för framtida utvecklig.
Därför har företaget X valt att fokusera på färre men strategiskt viktiga kunder.
Kunderna för företag X är indelade i två kundgrupper: ”branded channel partners”
och distributionsförsäljning. Båda kundgrupperna grundar sig på långvariga
kundrelationer. Enligt respondenterna är kundrelationer med distributionsförsäljning
baserad på kvalitet, hastighet, pålitlighet, flexibilitet och kostnad, medan relationen
med partnerna involverar engagemang och utvecklingen av värdeproposition.
Respondenterna ansåg att framgångsrik KAM kan uppnås via samarbete, genom att
lyssna och förstå kundernas behov. Dessutom är förtroendeskapande, lojalitet, samt
ärlighet nyckelord som respondenterna ofta använde för att förklara framgångsrik
KAM. Respondenterna ansåg att företaget måste tillämpa ett proaktivt
tillvägagångssätt som går igenom flera organisationsnivåer mellan företaget och
kunden för att nå effektiv KAM. Respondenterna förklarade att långvariga
kundrelationer ansågs som oerhört viktiga medan de fösta faserna av kundrelationen
ansågs ha en betydligt större inverkan på kundrelationen. Utöver detta ansågs
kontinuerlig kommunikation och informationsutbyte som oerhört viktiga variabler
73

inom KAM. Majoriteten ansåg även att segmentering av kunderna bör prioriteras,
eftersom alla strategiska kunder nu behandlas lika. Dessutom ansågs KAM klargöra
vad som förväntas med hantering av kunder.
För att förstå nyckelkunderna bättre krävs en hel del kundinformation. Enligt
företaget X insamlas information både formellt och informell från kunderna,
antingen genom frågeformulär eller genom aktiv interaktion. Marknadsintelligens
och offentliga angelägenheter nämndes även som nödvändiga för kundinformationen,
eftersom marknaden styrs av lagar och restriktioner. Enligt respondenterna används
CRM-system för insamling och lagring av kundinformation. NPS-förfrågningar
skickas även ut via system till valda kunder. Dessutom använder företaget ett
gemensamt program, MyHub, för att dela och lagra information, som till exempel
utbildningar. Respondenterna anser att företaget har de nödvändiga verktygen för att
nå kundinformation, speciellt viktiga har man ansett de varierande metoder som
bidrar till en enhetlig kundförståelse.
Kundupplevelse var ett av temana respondenterna ansåg krävde förbättring.
Respondenterna ansåg att en enhetlig förståelse av vad som menas med god
kundupplevelse måste skapas för att klargöra vad som eftersträvas. Flera ansåg att ju
intimare kundrelationen blivit, desto svårare har den varit att mäta. Dock ansågs
följdriktighet, flexibilitet, kvalitet, hastighet, och pålitlighet vara variabler som bidrar
med förbättrad kundupplevelse. Respondenterna ansåg även att den omständighet att
det är att jobba med företag X bidrar till kundupplevelsen. Förbättrad kundupplevelse
kunde iakttas då kommunikationen var öppen och det fanns engagemang mellan
organisationerna. Personliga relationer ansågs också bidra med ett mervärde för
kundupplevelse. Respondenterna ansåg att en avsevärd del av relationen går över
organisationsgränserna och således bör kommunikation finnas på alla
organisationsnivåer. Utöver detta ansågs personernas individuella intressen påverka
relationen och således upplevelsen. Dock ansåg majoriteter att KAM-processen och
de kundansvariga har en stor inverkan på kundupplevelsen, eftersom de ansågs utföra
de främsta delarna av upplevelsen för kundföretaget.
Kundintimitet ansågs härstamma från långvariga kundrelationer, och således ansåg
respondenterna att kundintimitet kunde nås genom KAM. Majoriteten ansåg att
benämningen även kunde iakttas som ett synonym för kundfokus. Flera ansåg att
74

kundupplevelse även påverkades positivt av kundintimitet. Dock kunde företaget
även ha en god kundupplevelse utan kundintimitet. Flera ansåg att pålitlighet,
lojalitet och individuella lösningar var ofta förknippade med kundintimitet, eftersom
de ansågs härstamma från kundförståelse. Dock ansåg majoriteten att kundintimitet
fanns inom företaget men inte som en övergripande konkurrenskraftig filosofi.
7.5 Resultat
Resultaten indikerar att KAM och kundintimitet kan anses bygga upp grunden för
hantering av B2B-kundupplevelse. Dock eftertraktades tydliga tillvägagångssätt inför
alla fyra olika teman. Resultaten tyder på att både KAM och kundintimitet är
delmoment som aktivt diskuteras och tillämpas inom företaget. Dock saknas det
tydliga strukturer inom företaget för speciellt kundupplevelse och kundintimitet. För
att utöva dessa i verksamheten krävs tydliga riktlinjer och tillvägagångssätt.
Det teoretiska ramverket uppmanar till att se KAM som en integrerad process som
involverar flera avdelningar. Gosselin och Bauwen (2006) förklarar KAM som ett
proaktivt kundcentrerat synsätt. Liknande observationer kom fram i empirin,
eftersom KAM ansågs proaktivt besvara kundernas behov. Enligt McDonald et al.
(1997) är målet med KAM att tillhandahålla lösningar som erbjuder ett
värdeskapande förslag åt båda parterna. Empirin tyder på motsvarande resultat
eftersom partnerskapet behöver vara strategiskt långsiktigt och värdeskapande med
gemensamma mål samt ambitioner.
Det teoretiska ramverket föreslår att KAM upprätthålls med hjälp av det säljande
företagets resurser och kapacitet. Guesalaga et al. (2018) uppmanar att använda
tvärfunktionella metoder för att upprätthålla kundrelationer. Tvärfunktionella
metoder observerades även i empirin eftersom företagsgränserna inte ansågs att ha en
någon avgörande betydelse eftersom målet är att växa tillsammans och stöda
lösningar som är lönsamma och värdeskapande framöver för båda parterna. Därför
bör kundsegmentering tas i bruk för att effektivisera KAM, genom att dela resurserna
jämnt enligt strategiska vikt. KAM ansågs även ha en inverkan på hantering av
kundupplevelse.
Rantala et al. (2017) påpekar betydelsen av att samla kundinformation från flera
källor. Detta observerades även i empirin, eftersom majoriteten ansåg att företaget
har effektiva och varierande sätt att insamla kundinsikter. Price och Wrigley (2016)
75

påstår att kunderfarenheter insamlas genom aktiv interaktion, genom att undersöka
de direkta och indirekta kundbehoven. Rantala et al. (2017) betonar att
kunderfarenheter krävs för att skapa mervärde för båda parterna. Liknande
antaganden kommer fram i empirin. Företaget X strävar efter att förstå
kunderfarenheterna för att erbjuda kunden värdedrivande element, för att öka lojalitet
och tillfredsställelse.
Treacy och Wiersema (1993) förklarar kundintimitet som en kundcentrerad
värdedisciplin som syftar till att skapa långsiktiga kundrelationer samt ökad lojalitet.
Genom att aktivt insamla kunderfarenheterna och fördjupa kundrelationen kan
kundintimitet uppnås. Empirin visar att en omfattande förstålense dock saknas inom
företaget. Därför bör företaget klargöra vad som eftersträvas med kundintimitet.
Enligt Habryn (2012) bör kundintimitet uppstå i relationer, något som bekräftas även
av empirin eftersom långvariga kundrelationer ansågs vara resultatet av
kundintimitet. Treacy och Wiersema (1993) fortsätter och förklarar decentralisering
som en metod för kundintimitet som gagnar. Resultaten tyder på att även KAM
ansågs vara en metod inom kundintimitet, eftersom målet är att fokusera på färre
kunder. Dessutom ansåg majoriteten att kundintimitet är grunden för kundupplevelse.
McColl-Kennedy et al. (2015) förklarar kundupplevelse som en avgörande del av
hela kundresan och iakttar alla direkta och indirekta interaktioner med kunden.
Utöver detta ansågs kundupplevelse inom organisationer som en övergripande
konkurrensfördel. Dock ansåg respondenterna att företag X ännu inte hade en klar
struktur för att insamla och hantera kundupplevelse. Tydliga processer med en
enhetlig struktur efterlystes medan flera ansåg att företaget redan hade en ledande
position gällande kundupplevelse inom branschen. Den teoretiska delen hänvisar till
att industriella marknader ofta utvärderar kundupplevelse genom mervärdet företaget
fått genom samarbetet. Minskade kostnader och enkelhet var även faktorer som
påverkade kundupplevelsen positivt. Detta förstärker även empirin då kvalitet,
hastighet, pålitlighet, flexibilitet och vinst var faktorer som ansågs inverka positivt på
kundupplevelse. Ytterligare utvecklas kundupplevelsen genom åren, eftersom
betoningen på element gällande upplevelsen även förändras under kundresan. Vidare
bör kundens resurser iakttas vid mätning av kundupplevelse.

76

Sammanfattningsvis är kundupplevelsen sammankopplad till KAM och
kundintimitet. Kunderfarenheter ansågs som grunden för alla dessa element.
Företaget X ansåg att kundupplevelse borde iakttas som en grundpelare för hela
verksamheten, eftersom försäljningen grundar sig på kundernas behov. I och med
effektiv KAM och fördjupade kundrelationer genom kundintimitet kunde positiva
implikationer iakttas i kundupplevelse. Således kan kundintimitet och KAM ses som
två likvärda element som bidrar till hantering av kundupplevelse.
7.6 Diskussion och avslutning
Studien visar ett starkt samband mellan kundintimitet och KAM som tillsammans
bidrar till en förbättrad hantering av kundupplevelse. Kundinsikter var en gemensam
grund som tillför med information för att upprätthålla KAM, kundintimitet och
kundupplevelse. Dock är det oerhört viktigt att kontinuerligt ta in nya insikter och
information eftersom dessa är element som under kundresan utvecklas och ändras.
Således måste tydliga processer vara tillgängliga för företag X för en effektiv
resurshantering. Oerhört viktigt är även att dessa termer ses som viktiga strategiska
beslut som har en långsiktig positiv inverkan på företagets verksamhet. Därför bör
stöd finnas tillgängligt ända från företagsledningen. Dessutom uppmanas företaget
att klargöra meningen med kundintimitet, KAM och kundupplevelse för att behålla
sin konkurrenskraftiga position på marknaden.
Modellen som presenterades på sidan 26 i avhandlingens huvudtext rekommenderar
att uppfatta hantering av kundupplevelse som en dynamisk process med
interrelaterade variabler. I modellen utgör kundinsikt grunden för modellen, medan
KAM och kundintimitet uppfattas som likvärdiga element som utgör grunden för
hanteringen av kundupplevelse. Det krävs KAM med fokus på att skapa långsiktiga
strategiska partnerskap för att skapa en kundcentrerad disciplin kallad kundintimitet.
Kundintimitet ansågs bidra med förbättrad kundupplevelse medan god
kundupplevelse ansågs även öka nivån på kundintimitet. Därför uppmanas företaget
att se kundintimitet som den övergripande konkurrenskraftiga filosofin och
kundupplevelse som resultatet av hur filosofin har tillämpats. KAM och
kundupplevelse anses även påverka varandra, eftersom kundupplevelsen anses öka
effektiviteten av KAM medan KAM ansågs förmedla största delen av
kundupplevelsen. Som resultat bör modellen tolkas som en kontinuerlig och
77

interaktiv utvärdering av kundrelationer och kundupplevelsen. Modellen tolkar
variablerna som integrerade processer som har ett gemensamt mål genom att skapa
långvariga strategiska partnerskap.

78

References
Bailey, C., Baines, P., Wilson, H. & Clark, M. (2009). Segmentation and customer
insight in contemporary services marketing practice: why grouping customers is no
longer enough, Journal of Marketing Management, 25 (3-4), 227-252. doi:
10.1362/026725709X42973
Bryman, A., & Bell, E. (2005). Business Research Methods. 1st edition. New York:
Oxford University Press.
Bryman, A., & Bell, E. (2011). Business Research Methods. 3rd edition. New York:
Oxford University Press.
Chen, I.J. & Popovich, K. (2003). Understanding customer relationship management
(CRM): People, process, and technology. Business Process Management Journal,
9(5), 672–688. doi:10.1108/14637150310496758
Christensen, L., Engdahl, N., Grääs, C. & Haglund L. (2001).
Marknadsundersökning - en handbok. 2nd edition. Studentlitteratur AB.
Cochran, J. (2004). Increasing Customer Intimacy through Customer Relationship
Management. Americas Conference on Information Systems, AMCIS, 3885- 3892.
Daymon, C. & Holloway, I. (2011). Qualitative Research Methods in Public
Relations and Marketing Communications. 2nd edition. Routledge.
Flick, U. (2018). The sage handbook of qualitative data collection. London: SAGE
Publications Ltd.
Ford, D. (1980). The Development of Buyer‐Seller Relationships in Industrial
Markets. European Journal of Marketing, 14 (5/6), 339-353. doi:
10.1108/EUM0000000004910
Given, L. M. (2008). The SAGE encyclopedia of qualitative research methods (Vols.
1-0). Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE Publications, Inc. doi: 10.4135/9781412963909
Gobble, M. (2015). From Customer Intelligence to Customer Intimacy, ResearchTechnology Management, 58(6), 56-61. doi:10.5437/08956308X5806005

79

Gosselin, D., & Bauwen, G. (2006). Strategic account management: Customer value
creation through customer alignment. Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing.
21(6). doi:10.1108/08858620610690137.
Greenberg, P. (2010). The impact of CRM 2.0 on customer insight. Journal of
Business & Industrial Marketing, 25 (6), 410-419. doi: 10.1108/08858621011066008
Guesalaga, R., Gabrielsson, M., Rogers, B., Ryals, L., & Marcos, J. (2018). Which
resources and capabilities underpin strategic key account management. Industrial
Marketing Management. 75. doi: 10.1016/j.indmarman.2018.05.006.
Guthrie, G. (2010). Interviews. In Basic research methods: An entry to social science
research (pp. 118-128). New Delhi: SAGE Publications India Pvt Ltd. doi:
10.4135/9788132105961.n11
Gök. O. (2009) Linking account portfolio management to customer information:
Using customer. Industrial Marketing Management, 38, 433-439. doi:
10.1016/j.indmarman.2008.02.010
Habryn, F., Kunze von Bischhoffshause, J., & Satzger, G. (2012). A business
intelligence solution for assessing customer interaction, cross-selling, and
customization in a customer intimacy context. ECIS 2012 Proceedings.
Habryn, F. (2012). Customer intimacy analytics: Leveraging operational data to
assess customer knowledge and relationships and to measure their business impact.
Karlsruhe: KIT Scientific Publishing.
Habryn, F., Blau, B., Satzger, G., & Kölmel, B. (2010). Towards a model for
measuring customer intimacy in B2B services. In International Conference on
Exploring Services Science. 1-14.
Hakanen, T., Helander, N., & Valkokari, K. (2017) Servitization in global businessto-business distribution: The central activities of manufacturers. Industrial Marketing
Management, 63, 167-178.
Homburg, C., Workman, J. P., & Jensen, O. (2002). A Configurational Perspective
on Key Account Management. Journal of Marketing, 66(2), 38–60. doi:
10.1509/jmkg.66.2.38.18471

80

Hox, J.J. & Boeije, H.R. (2005). Data Collection, Primary vs. Secondary.
Encyclopedia of Social Management. Elsevier Inc. Retrieved 2020-11-30 from
http://joophox.net/publist/ESM_DCOL05.pdf
Kai‐Uwe Brock, J. & Yu Zhou, J. (2012). Customer intimacy. Journal of Business &
Industrial Marketing, 27(5), 370-383. doi: 10.1108/08858621211236043
Keränen, J. & Jalkala, A. (2013). Towards a framework of customer value
assessment in B2B markets: An exploratory study. Industrial Marketing
Management. 42 (8), 1307- 1317. doi: 10.1016/j.indmarman.2013.06.010
Kumar, P., Sharma, A., & Salo, J. (2019). A bibliometric analysis of extended key
account management literature. Industrial Marketing Management, 82, 276-292. doi:
10.1016/j.indmarman.2019.01.006.
Lemon, K. N., & Verhoef, P. (2016). Understanding customer experience throughout
the customer journey. Journal of Marketing, 80(6), 69–96. doi: 10.1509/jm.15.0420
Liedkta, J. (2011). Learning to use design thinking tools for successful innovation.
Strategy & Leadership 39(5), 13–19. doi: 10.1108/10878571111161480
McDonald, M., Millman, T., & Rogers, B. (1997). Key account management:
Theory, practice and challenges, Journal of Marketing Management, 13(8), 737-757,
DOI: 10.1080/0267257X.1997.9964509
McColl-Kennedy, J.R., Gustafsson, A., Jaakkola, E., Klaus, P., Radnor, Z.J., Perks,
H. and Friman, M. (2015). Fresh perspectives on customer experience. Journal of
Services Marketing, 29 (6/7), 430-435. doi: 10.1108/JSM-01-2015-0054
McColl-Kennedy, J. R., Zaki, M., Lemon, K. N., Urmetzer, F., & Neely, A. (2019).
Gaining Customer Experience Insights That Matter. Journal of Service Research,
22(1), 8–26. doi: 10.1177/1094670518812182
O'Brien, M., Liu, Y., Chen, H. & Lusch, R. (2020). Gaining insight to B2B
relationships through new segmentation approaches: Not all relationships are equal.
Expert Systems with Applications,161, 1-11. doi: 10.1016/j.eswa.2020.113767

81

Ojasalo, J. (2001a). Customer Expertise: A Challenge in Managing Customer
Relationships in Professional Business-to-Business Services. Services Marketing
Quarterly, 22(2), 1-16.
Ojasalo, J. (2001b). Key account management at company and individual levels in
business‐to‐business relationships. Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing, 16
(3), 199-220. doi: 10.1108/08858620110389803
Osei, G. (2017). Customer intimacy adoption and its impact on organisational
performance. Journal of Research in Marketing, 8(1), 600-616.
Palmer, A. (2010). Customer experience management: a critical review of an
emerging idea. Journal of Services Marketing, 24 (3), 196-208. doi:
10.1108/08876041011040604
Patton, M.Q. (2015). Qualitative research & Evaluation Methods. 3rd ed. Thousand
Oaks: Sage Publication
Peters, L., Ivens, B., & Pardo, C. (2020). Identification as a challenge in key account
management: Conceptual foundations and a qualitative study, Industrial Marketing
Management, 90, 300-313. doi:10.1016/j.indmarman.2020.07.020
Price. R & Wrigley, C. (2016). Design and a Deep Customer Insight Approach to
Innovation, Journal of International Consumer Marketing, 28(2), 92-105, doi:
10.1080/08961530.2015.10924
Rainey, D. L. (2010). Sustainable business development: inventing the future
through strategy, innovation, and leadership. Cambridge university press.
Rantala, T., Vuori, J., & Kärkkäinen, H. (2017). Challenges of collecting B2B
customer insight from multiple channels. In Proceedings of ISPIM 2017 Conference:
19-22 March 2017, Toronto, Canada International Society for Professional
Innovation Management ISPIM.
Rodriguez, M. & Honeycutt, E. (2011). Customer Relationship Management
(CRM)'s Impact on B to B Sales Professionals' Collaboration and Sales Performance.
Journal of Business-to-Business Marketing, 18 (4), 335-356, doi:
10.1080/1051712X.2011.574252

82

Saunders, M. N. K., Thornhill, A., & Lewis, P. (2019). Research methods for
business students. Harlow, United Kingdom: Pearson Education Limited.
Schwager, A., & Meyer, C. (2007). Understanding Customer Experience. Harward
Business Review. Retrieved 2020-11-02 from: https://hbr.org/2007/02/understandingcustomer-experience
Svens, B., Leischnig, A., Pardo, C., & Niersbachd, B (2018) Key account
management as a firm capability. Industrial Marketing Management, 74, 39-49.
Terho, H. (2009). A Measure for Companies' Customer Portfolio Management.
Journal of Business-to-Business Marketing, 16(4), 374-411, doi:
10.1080/10517120902762542
Timmermans, S., & Tavory, I. (2012). Theory Construction in Qualitative Research:
From Grounded Theory to Abductive Analysis. Sociological Theory, 30(3), 167–186.
doi: 10.1177/0735275112457914
Treasy, M., & Wiersema, F. (1993). Customer Intimacy and Other Value Disciplines.
Harward Business Review. Retrieved 2020-12-13 from:
https://hbr.org/1993/01/customer-intimacy-and-other-value-disciplines
Walker, J. (2014). Big data: A revolution that will transform how we live, work, and
think. International Journal of Advertising, 33 (1) 181-183.
Wong, Y.H. (1998). Key to key account management: relationship (guanxi) model.
International Marketing Review, Vol. 15 No. 3, pp. 215-231. doi:
10.1108/02651339810221142
Zeynep Ata, U. and Toker, A. (2012). The effect of customer relationship
management adoption in business‐to‐business markets. Journal of Business &
Industrial Marketing, 27 (6), 497-507. doi: 10.1108/08858621211251497
Zolkiewski, J., Story, V., Burton, J., Chan, P., Gomes, A., Hunter-Jones, P., &
Robinson, W. (2017). Strategic B2B customer experience management: the
importance of outcomes-based measures. Journal of Services Marketing, 31(2), 172–
184. doi: 10.1108/JSM-10-2016-0350

83

Zupancic, D. (2008). Towards an integrated framework of key account management.
Journal of Business & Industrial Marketing, 23 (5), 323-331. doi:
10.1108/08858620810881593

84

Appendices
Appendix 1: Interview guide for individual interviews

Introduction:
Thank you for participating in the research. The estimated length of the interview is
approximately one hour. The interview will be recorded, and all information will be
processed confidentially. All information is solely used for this research, and the
recordings will be deleted after transcription. The interviews are anonymous, and the
interview can be interrupted at any time. Finally, I kindly ask you to confirm your
willingness of participating in this research.

Q1: How do you consider accounts are managed in your region? If you choose one
account as the best example, from your perspective, how is the relationship with that
accounts managed?

Q2: How do you collect customer insight in your region? and how is it utilized?

Q3: How would you describe good customer experience?

Q4: How should customer experience be managed? Especially among most
important accounts?

Q5: Which parts/aspects of the customer journey do you consider as particularly
important to manage?

Q6: How does account management contribute to the realization of customer
experience in your region? E.g. what type of activities should be included to
understand the customer experience.

Q7: How would you describe customer intimacy? How do you consider it is applied
in your region?

85

Q8: How should accounts be managed to live up to a customer intimacy
concept/strategy in your region?

Q9: How do you consider customer intimacy can improve the customer experience?

Q10: Any further comments or thoughts on our discussion?

86

