Practicing ‘chemsex’ in Finland: a qualitative interview study with seventeen
hiv positive men who have sex with men.

Panda Eriksson

Master’s thesis in gender studies
Supervisor: Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Faculty of Arts, Psychology
and Theology
Åbo Akademi University
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI

Abstrakt för avhandling pro gradu

Ämne: Genusvetenskap
Författare: Panda Eriksson
Arbetets titel: ’Chemsex’ i Finland: En kvalitativ intervjustudie med sjutton hiv-positiva män
som har sex med män
Handledare: Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Handledare:
Abstrakt:
Som en del av Åbo Akademis Minoritetsforskningsprofilens forskningsprojekt Living with hiv in
Finland (Att leva med hiv i Finland) gjordes en kvalitativ intervjustudie med målet att kartlägga tankar
och upplevelser hos finska hiv-positiva män som har sex med män (MSM) i Finland. Ett viktigt tema i
intervjuupplägget var chemsex. Denna artikel strävar till att synliggöra chemsex-fenomenet ur en uttalat
finsk ståndpunkt genom att analysera tankar och upplevelser kring chemsex hos sjutton hiv-positiva
finska män som har sex med män. Deltagarna rekryterades via två organisationer som arbetar med hiv i
Finland, Hivpoint och De Positiva rf.
Intervjufrågorna fokuserade på självidentifikation och upplevelser kring att vara hiv-positiv, att berätta
för andra om sin hiv-status, förståelse för sjukdomen, sexuella upplevelser i samband med hiv-smittan,
chemsex, överlevnadsmekanismer vid eventuell psykisk kris samt stigma. Intervjuerna bandades in och
transkriberades, samt översattes till engelska i de fall där intervjun gjorts på ett annat språk. All data
analyserades med hjälp av kvalitativ temaanalys. Trots att intervjufrågorna behandlade ett flertal frågor
som rörde livet som hiv-positiv man som har sex med män fokuserar denna avhandling endast på delarna
som rörde chemsex. Frågeställningarna var att söka svar på varför MSM-män utövar chemsex, hur de
upplever fenomenet i Finland, vilka problem de själva stött på i samband med chemsex och å andra
sidan vilka positiva sidor de själva ser i fenomenet.
I denna avhandling presenteras ett samförstånd kring incidensen av chemsex inom den finska MSMkulturen, samt även lingvistiska mönster genom vilka chemsex-utövare separeras från droganvändare
som använder rusmedel i ett icke-sexuellt sammanhang. Materialet visar även på en medvetenhet om de
negativa aspektera i chemsex på samma gång som det speglar de internationella forskningsresultat som
konstaterar att det finns ett starkt behov av sensitiva, sexologiskt kompetenta drogbehandlingar för att
nå chemsex-utövare. I framtiden skulle det vara nyttigt att fokusera på socio-sexuell och -kulturell
sensitivitet inom hälsovården speciellt i länder likt Finland, där den tredje sektorn hamnar bära en stor
del av bördan för att MSM-personer ska få god, fokusgruppspecifik vård.

Nyckelord: hiv, män som har sex med män, gay, homosexualitet, chemsex, sexualiserad
droganvändning, party and play, PnP
Datum: 3. april 2021
Abstraktet godkänt som mognadsprov: 17. maj 2021

Sidoantal: 36

2

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND
THEOLOGY

Abstract for Master’s thesis

Subject: Gender studies
Author: Panda Eriksson
Title of thesis: Practicing ‘chemsex’ in Finland: a qualitative interview study with seventeen hiv
positive men who have sex with men.
Supervisor: Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Supervisor:
Abstract:
As part of the Åbo Akademi University Minority Research Profile project Living with hiv in Finland,
a qualitative interview study was conducted with the purpose of charting various experiences of hiv
positive men who have sex with men (MSM) in Finland relating to community, sense of sexual self,
stigma and health. One distinct theme of the interview schedule was ‘chemsex’, the sexualized drug
use culture that is often associated with hiv positive MSM. One of the problems from a national point
of view is the lack of knowledge regarding Finnish MSM drug use in a national setting. Whereas it has
been found that MSM travel might feature recreational drug use, there is not much information readily
available on the phenomenon within Finnish borders. This article strives to make the chemsex
phenomenon visible within a Finnish framework by analyzing the experiences and thoughts relating to
chemsex of seventeen hiv positive interviewees.
The participants of this study were recruited via the two Finnish hiv patient advocacy NGOs, Hivpoint
and Positiiviset. The data was analyzed with the use of qualitative thematic analysis, and painted a
picture of a phenomenon that many had not only experienced abroad, but also seen arriving in Finland.
While some men also had personal experience of taking part in chemsex, and these are included in the
analysis of chemsex as a whole, the focus of the interviews and the analysis was on the phenomenon
and surrounding issues. Not only are the prevalence and settings in which chemsex occurs discussed,
but also possible reasons behind using recreational drugs in a sexual setting, perceptions of harm and
harm reduction, sexually sensitive drug treatment as well as other issues that arose during the
interview process, such as sexual trauma and consent in relation to drug intoxication.
The study presents a consensus regarding the presence of chemsex within the Finnish MSM scene, as
well as linguistic patterns of constructing chemsex as a separate phenomenon from non-sexualized
drug use, thereby creating borders between different types of substance users. The data also showed an
awareness of the possibly negative sides of engaging in chemsex, and mirrored international research
on the need for sensitive, sexologically competent drug treatments in order to reach chemsex users.
Future research could benefit from targeting socio-sexual-cultural sensitivity in health care centres
especially in countries such as Finland, where much responsibility is put on the third sector, such as
NGOs, to provide good, tailored hiv related services to the MSM community

Keywords: hiv, men who have sex with men, gay, homosexuality, chemsex, sexualized drug use,
party and play, PnP
Date: April 03 2021
The abstract passed as maturity examination: April 19 2021

Number of pages:
36

3

AIDS

acquired immunodeficiency syndrome

ART

antiretroviral therapy

HIV

human immunodeficiency virus

MSM

men who have sex with men

PNP

Party n’ play; synonymous to chemsex

STD

sexually transmittable disease

Note: Unless directly quoting or naming strategies or documents, I have chosen not to
capitalize the abbreviation ‘hiv’. This is a decision I have made based on numerous
discussions with hiv positive interviewees as well as professionals who work with hiv
patient advocacy, where it has been expressed that a capitalized ‘HIV’ is considered
problematic, stigmatizing and to some, even offensive.

4

Table of contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS

5

INTRODUCTION

6

The Finnish context

7

RESULTS AND DISCUSSION

11

Substances and incidence

11

Motivations behind chemsex

15

Sexual consent and STD transmission in relation to chemsex

17

Mental health and chemsex

21

CONCLUSION

24

SWEDISH SUMMARY

27

REFERENCES

30

5

INTRODUCTION
Human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) is a chronic virus that targets the human immune
system and more specifically, a type of white blood cells called T-helper cells or CD4
cells. Untreated, the virus can lead to such a significant weakening of the immune
system that the infected person contracts opportunistic infections, e.g. pneumonia,
tuberculosis, meningitis or fungal infections. This stage is called aids (acquired
immunodeficiency syndrome; Hivpoint 2020a). As such, regular medication and
monitoring is vital for the survival and overall well being of the infected people. Since
its discovery, huge medical steps have been taken to treat hiv infections and in the
2020s, research showed that infected people on a suitable antiretroviral therapy (ART)
no longer are at risk for a shortened life span compared to hiv negative people (Marcus
et al., 2020). In addition, studies have shown that with good ART adherence, virus
levels can be reduced to an undetectable level, which in turn means that the carrier of
the virus cannot transmit it, a principle known in the community as U = U, undetectable
= untransmittable (see Cohen et al., 2011; Fleming et al., 2016; Eshleman, Hudelson
& Redd et al., 2017; Rodger, Cambiano & Bruun et al., 2019).
According to Bourne et al. (2014), chemsex refers to the usage of psychoactive
chemicals in a sexual setting. They can be used before or during the sexual act and can
aim e.g. at enhanced sexual pleasure or prolonging the act. Whereas there is research
on drug use in the MSM community, such as club culture or the effect of stimulants
(such as poppers, or alkyl nitrates) on sexuality (see e.g. Schmidt, 2016; Ma, 2016),
chemsex is a relevant phenomenon on its own in this context. Chemsex facilitates
unprotected sex with several partners in one session, which in turn makes it interesting
in the context of hiv awareness and stigma. In addition, it is a fairly current issue seeing
as IT technology constantly develops to give us new ways of connecting with each
other - often anonymously. This provides easier and easier ways to find both
psychoactive substances and new sexual partners (see e.g. Bourne, 2014). Further
discussion on theory and previous studies on chemsex will be incorporated into results
as it pertains to the phenomena found in the research material.

6

Åbo Akademi University’s Minority Research Profile financed a research project
entitled Living with hiv in Finland 2015-2018 under the lead of visiting professor Rusi
Jaspal (De Montfort University) and professor Peter Nynäs (ÅAU). The research
project strived to investigate what living with hiv in Finland, as a low prevalence
country is like via the semi-structured interviewing of hiv positive men who have sex
with men (MSM). The interview transcripts were analyzed using qualitative thematic
analysis. The purpose of this article is to utilize this material in producing a current,
contextualized narrative of the MSM related phenomenon that is called chemsex. The
framework for this article is a focus on experience, rather than medicalization.

The Finnish context
Hiv prevalence is low in Finland, with below 200 new cases being diagnosed each year
since the 90s. According to the Finnish Institute of Health and Welfare national
statistics (as of 03.01.2021), 4 322 people have been registered as living with hiv in
Finland, of whom 1 330 (31 %) were men infected through sex with other men (THL,
2021). The total number of registered deaths of hiv positive people in Finland by the
end of year 2019 was 567, although this includes all deaths, not only those related to
hiv/aids (THL, 2020). Despite a small epidemic, Finland reflects similar statistics as
other Western countries, as men who have sex with men comprise a group that has
since the arrival of the HI virus been disproportionally affected. Another
disproportionately affected group consists of immigrants from countries with higher
hiv prevalence (e.g. Tiittala et al., 2018), which is not to say that the two groups cannot
overlap. The Finnish national hiv prevalence statistics naturally also reflect this, as 41
% of prevalence is tied to non-native Finns over time and 60 % of prevalence is tied
to non-native Finns in the year 2020 (THL, 2021).
In 2017, UNAIDS (the Joint United Nations Programme on hiv/aids) published a
worldwide strategy called 90-90-90, where the target was that by 2020, 90 % of all
people living with hiv would know their hiv status, 90 % of all diagnosed people would
be on antiretroviral therapy (ART), and 90 % of people on ART would achieve viral
suppression. However, Finland’s HIV Strategy 2018−2020 (the most current to date)

7

shows that Finland has not quite reached the global target: the strategy especially calls
for more extensive testing, as the share of infected people who are aware of their hiv
status is estimated to be below the target at 77 %. The strategy also states that one
cannot yet draw conclusions about the ART status in Finland, since there is no national
hiv treatment register (Finland’s HIV Strategy 2018−2020, p. 14). As with all
specialized medical treatment in Finland, hiv care is free and accessible for all
residents. Antiretroviral therapy is prescribed in close proximity with the diagnosis
and the drugs are state subsidized via the Social Insurance Institution (Kela).

Contextualizing Research
Finnish hiv research can broadly be divided into two types: clinical studies focusing
on the medical aspects of hiv (such as physical health), which will not be further
discussed here, and studies relating to attitudes and knowledge relating to hiv. Some
examples are Korhonen et al. (2012), who studied university students’ knowledge of
and attitudes to hiv and aids; Suominen et al. (2010; 2017), who studied nurses’
knowledge of and attitudes to hiv and aids as well as knowledge of hiv and other STDs
among men who have sex with men in Finland; Välimäki et al. (2010) who also studied
nurses’ and nursing students’ attitudes to hiv and aids; and Holmberg et al. (2019),
who studied epidemiological aspects of hiv patients co-infected with tuberculosis. In
general, these studies support the idea that Finnish hiv knowledge is fairly good, that
Finns understand how the virus works and how it is transmitted, and that Finnish hiv
stigma is fairly low, as per the attitudes of health care personnel and students alike.
It is worth noticing, however, that research on stigma and attitudes is largely targeted
toward health care professionals rather than the general public. Given that research
suggests that health care professionals’ level of comfort in caring for hiv positive
patients correlates directly with their amount of previous contact with said patient
group (see e.g. Brachman Jr et al., 1996; Alubo et al., 2002) and that higher knowledge
leads to a greater willingness to offer care, it can be argued that the amounts of Finnish
hiv stigma cannot be generalized based on the aforementioned Finnish studies. In other

8

words, the low prevalence itself could be considered an additional risk factor as far as
stigmatization goes.
The inclusion of stigma as part of analyzing experiences of chemsex seems inevitable
to me, as hiv positive men who have chemsex with men carry with them a triple risk
of stigma, where hiv is one, being a man who has sex with men is another and
substance use is a third. There is a lack of empirical research into hiv stigma on a
societal level, and limited research into self-stigmatization and experiences of
stigmatization by hiv positive people in Finland. An exception to this is provided by
Nobre, Kylmä, Kirsi & Pereira, whose 2016 study focused on the social networks of
older adults living with hiv, as well as Nobre et al. (2018), who concluded that selfstigma is linked to a lower quality of life. While these provide good information on
hiv stigma in general, there is no empirical research on first hand experience of living
with hiv in Finland specifically as a man who has sex with men.
Thus, it is hard to draw any conclusions as far as how prevalent hiv stigma really is in
Finnish society, as well as how it affects the lives of hiv positive men who have sex
with men, which is a group that faces discrimination even without the addition of an
hiv diagnosis (see e.g. European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights, 2020).

METHODS AND MATERIAL
For this study a call for participants aimed at all hiv-positive men who have sex with
men was circulated via the patient organization Positiiviset as well as the support NGO
Hivpoint. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 17 respondents, where all
except one interview was individual. One interview featured a couple, who preferred
to be interviewed together. There was an effort in the language used to reach men who
have sex with men regardless of identity, but all 17 respondents identified as male and
gay. Some variation toward bi- and pansexuality or queerness was mentioned, but the
participants who mentioned variation described this as something not as relevant or
current to them as their gay identity.

9

The participants all lived in Finland at the time of the interview, and all but one lived
in the capital region, where one lived in another major city. Fifteen out of seventeen
also self-identified as ethnically Finnish. One participant identified as Latin American
and one participant as of mixed heritage. The participants’ age variation was 36-72
(M=50.2, SD=11.2), and the time span for their living with hiv (i.e. approximated time
between diagnosis and interview) varied between 1.5 and 26 years (M=14.4, SD=9.1).
The participants were all in the stage of having achieved a good balance in their
antiretroviral therapy and thus, viral suppression.
As Sandelowski (1996) notes, sample sizes in qualitative research tend to be rather
small, since the analysis demands a case-based, in-depth perspective. Therefore, the
sample size of 17 participants can be considered adequate, since the study relies on
qualitative thematic analysis and aims for an understanding of the contextualized
situation, not empirical generalisability (e.g. Lyons & Coyle, 2007). However, the
sample size was to some extent limited by pragmatic considerations, such as
participant response rate and there was no conclusion of saturation.
The semi-structured interview schedule revolved around themes such as selfidentification and experiences of being hiv positive, disclosing hiv status, knowledge
and understanding of hiv, sexual experiences in relation to hiv, chemsex, coping
mechanisms and stigma. The interviews, 50-90 minutes long each, were conducted in
Finnish or English par the participant’s preference. One interview was conducted in
Spanish. All interviews were audio recorded, transcribed verbatim and translated into
English for the purpose of the thematic analysis following the nine principles of
thematic analysis outlined by Jaspal (2020). As Braun & Clarke (2006) conclude,
thematic analysis works for “identifying, analyzing, and reporting patterns [...] within
data”, and the method has previously been used in studies of homosexual men in
relation to themes such as sexuality, identity and health (see e.g. Jaspal, 2018;
Aguinaldo, 2012). Although a number of themes were included in the initial analysis,
this article focuses on the themes of chemsex. The presented excerpts in the article
were chosen for demonstration because they were considered by the author to represent
and illustrate the issues and themes that came to rise from the research questions. All
participants’ real names were replaced by pseudonyms and minor details have
purposefully been altered or excluded for the purpose of securing anonymity.
10

RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
There is a long history of analyzing hiv and sexual health in the context of substance
use (e.g. Weatherburn & Project SIGMA 1992), but focus has largely been on alcohol
consumption before the early 2010s. In a Finnish context, Kari Huotari argued in their
doctoral thesis (1999, p. 99) that the Finnish culture around alcohol consumption is
different from other European countries, and thus, data provided by e.g. the SIGMA
research cannot be applied to Finland and Finnish MSM. Similarly, David Stuart who
self-professedly coined the term ‘chemsex’ emphasizes that “although [...] very
commonly understood within gay communities, “chemsex” still has no universally
agreed-upon academic definition” (Stuart 2019). In light of this, it is perfectly logical
that in the interviews conducted as part of this study, all participants recognized the
phenomenon that is chemsex, although everyone did not know it by that name, nor was
there a consensus as to which substances count as ‘chems’.

Substances and incidence
The interviewees described a variety of drugs being used for chemsex in Finland, such
as GHB/GBL (‘gamma’, ‘G’), methamphetamine/amphetamine (‘Tina’, ‘crystal’,
‘speed’), MDMA (‘ecstacy’), marijuana, mephedrone, LSD and to a small extent
cocaine. Some of the men also included poppers (alkyl nitrates) in the list, whereas
others saw the use of poppers as separate from chemsex. According to Stuart (2019),
‘chems’ are the drugs that actually result in the sought-after highs (GHB/GBL,
methamphetamine, mephedrone), whereas other substances (sildenafil, alcohol,
ketamine, cocaine and poppers) are simply “casual additions” and thus termed ‘nonchems’. In the interview material, differentiating between what drugs are used is also
a way to construct a line between something that is “part of the scene” and on the other
hand, what is considered to be “drugs”, something that “junkies” do. This separation
can be seen e.g. in Lennu describing alkyl nitrates as “children’s stuff”. Gabriel,
however, sees popper addiction as part of the phenomenon. There seems to be a kind

11

of unspoken line between who is a chemsex practitioner and who is, as Joni describes
later, a “junkie”.
“I grew up in a very narrowminded time in Finland, in the 60s and 70s and I’ve fully
developed my sexuality, so if I can blow my mind with somebody and get completely
crazy when I have sex, I would like to do it. But I don’t know what I should take in that
case. [...B]ecause poppers, that’s nothing, it’s children’s stuff.” (Lennu)
“I say that it’s a problem, it might be, with people who [...] have sexual overenergy.
Sexually energetic and active. Because [chemsex] gives you these longer-, that you
can have weekend-, it’s kind of like you going against your own nature. [...It’s] not an
organic way to do it. [...I’ve] seen people who are addicted, for example, to the use of
poppers, that they go totally addicted, that they can’t do sex without poppers, and they
use them a lot. And it’s damaging. [...T]hey just go… There are no limits anymore.
[...] Just using, using, using.” (Gabriel)
“Some of them had basically been taking part in these big sex parties, where one could
for instance have been infected with something such as hepatitis. Well OK, obviously
there was a big risk involved in going to parties like that, since there were also junkies
present there. [...O]bviously for something such as chemsex, I would hope that it does
not make its way here. Namely because there obviously are so many risks involved in
practicing it. ” (Joni)
Some time after the interviews for this study were carried out, the national SeksiPertti
survey results for 2017 were published. SeksiPertti was a three-year-long campaign by
NGOs Hivpoint and Positiiviset ry that charted MSM attitudes, knowledge and
experiences of sexual health. In the 2017 survey (n = 1018 men), chemsex experiences
were also surveyed for the first time. The following substances were reported to have
been used in connection to having sex: alcohol (52 %), poppers (alkyl nitrates, 28 %),
prescription medication for erectile dysfunction (such as sildenafil, 21 %), marijuana
(8 %), ecstasy (5 %), GHB/GBL (3 %), amphetamine/methamphetamine (3 %),
cocaine (2 %), chloroethane (2 %), benzodiazepines (1 %), ketamine (1 %) and nitrous
oxide (1 %). One percent also mentioned “other”, which included other opioids,

12

psychedelics and stimulants. No one mentioned mephedrone, buprenorphine or MDPV
(Saarinen et al, 2017).
Chemsex use also seems to be linguistically constructed by the limitation of drug use
for party settings only. The border between practicing chemsex and being, for instance,
a drug user or addict was on one hand clearly drawn by some interviewees, where
some of the other interviewees raised questions about chemsex from a more traditional
drug use perspective and discussed addiction and addicts.
“Taking drugs is (ironic voice) SUPER FUN, makes you feel good and then when
combined with other things that are fun and makes you feel good, the combination is
very addictive. [...It’s] scary. I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone, no matter how fun
it could be. I often compare it to candy. If you give someone candy and it tastes good,
the person wants candy again. And it’s like a natural thing, not like a sign of weakness
or like genetically an addicted, addictive person.” (Sakari)
“I actually do have people within my own social circles who do use various drugs for
partying and entertainment, and I really do not personally experience those people
being any different because of that. I mean, they all have ordinary jobs just like the
rest of us.” (Miika)
“It is a really cool feeling and it is also something which you easily get addicted to.
My own use of those kinds of drugs and intoxicants is only limited to those kinds of
parties, though. [...P]rovided that people taking part in it are able to control their use
of those drugs, I would not see chemsex as something problematic.” (Esko)
Several interviewees had first heard of chemsex abroad, but there was a general
consensus that the phenomenon has indeed arrived in Finland already. The general
picture painted by the interviewees was that chemsex is present but not very visible in
Finland, and many of the men juxtaposed this to the situation in large German or UK
cities.

13

“I wouldn’t guess it to be very common, not in [...] large amounts at least. [...H]ere
in Finland, stuff like that really isn’t visible or prominent. I mean, certainly at some
private parties one does come across chemsex, and I’m guessing that something such
as the use of poppers could still be regarded as relatively common, but as far as proper
drugs, not really.” (Joni)
“I think it’s very new and especially in Finland it’s quite new and not as bad as in
Berlin.” (Sakari)
“It is already practiced here in Finland, although not on the same scale as for instance
somewhere in Germany.” (Anton)
“People travel more, people use the internet more, people visit Finland, it’s just that
Finland is getting more international. Anything that goes on around the world will
come here.” (Santtu)
Supported by Finnish surveys carried out by NGOs working with hiv as well as the
uniform general consensus of the interviewees (n = 17), I argue it can safely be
concluded that chemsex has arrived in Finland. The phenomenon might come across
different in this national context compared to metropolises such as Berlin or London,
in part because the scene is smaller in Finland, but also because Finnish attitudes
toward drugs are fairly critical (Karjalainen, Pekkanen & Hakkarainen, 2020). As Joni
says in the interview, “[...H]ere in Finland, stuff like that really isn’t visible or
prominent”. The aforementioned SeksiPertti survey also provided noteworthy theories
on the origin of the Finnish practice of chemsex: 40 % of people who had used drugs
in a sexual setting had previous experiences of chemsex from abroad. Saarinen et al.
(2017) theorize that these practices were then imported and brought back to Finland
when returning home. The survey also shows that drug use in a sexual setting is more
common in men, who also engage in chemsex abroad, as well as drug use being more
frequent abroad. This is visible in the interviews conducted in this project as well:
interviewees describe experiencing, witnessing or being offered to partake in chemsex
in large cities in e.g. the UK, Germany, Mexico, Switzerland, Spain and the
Netherlands. This has also been seen by e.g. Korhonen (2018), who in a literature
review determines that chemsex “appears to be culturally and socially determined
appearing mostly around larger metropolitan areas with a sizable LGBT population”.
14

Motivations behind chemsex
The reasons behind the chemsex phenomenon growing in Finland varied from
analyzing gay history to human nature: both the men who advocated for and the men
who opposed recreational drug use recognized a certain lure, the difference being that
some men felt they had made a very conscious decision not to use stimulants. Taneli
thinks online apps such as Grindr or GayRomeo make it easier for people to gain access
to chemsex, both in terms of partners who want to engage in chemsex and the drugs
themselves. He says “You put on your Grindr [...] and you get contacted like “would
you like to join group sex? We are horny… horny and high here, wanna join us?”. And
so now the drugs are offered online, like “wanna join us?”. On the other hand, he also
sees it as part of human nature, as he amusedly puts it: “Typically what they say is a
man thinks with his cock and in many cases it’s true, like, on has the urge of having
sex [...] and with drugs the intensity and also the duration of sexual pleasure is
increased so much”. Lennu described his curiosity as something stemming from his
past life, where he had to pretend he was straight, and ponders whether chemsex could
help “find something like new extensions in oneself”. Jani, who has never done
chemsex and described himself as ‘anti-drug’, theorized that the drug helps with
escapism in terms of self-stigmatization:
“It helps against your own negative feelings toward yourself, and it also works to
reduce [...] stigma.”(Jani)
“I would get rid of all the inhibitions I might have, because when you grew up in a
suppressed society and I tried to be heterosexual and married to a woman, I may have
some secret desires that I have pushed down, and [chemsex] is something that could
release all those things in me. [...I] don’t know what they take. I would try it. I would
try it, probably. Just to see if I have anything that I haven’t discovered in myself.
(Lennu)
Several of the men saw chemsex as part of the “gay scene” and, like Benjamin,
attributed it to a more general culture of “liberal sex” within the gay community.

15

Bourne et al. (2014) have argued that the use of certain substances are associated with
gay venues (cafés, bars, pubs, clubs, saunas and the utilization of backrooms), and that
MSM who engage in chemsex are more frequent users of these venues than MSM who
do not, which might be a way to attempt to explain how ‘gay culture’ is related to
chemsex.
“This whole culture of liberal sex just basically is much more prevalent within gay
communities in comparison with, you know, heterosexual communities, and also, since
there has obviously been plenty of sex parties in the past between gay people, then I
suppose that the general threshold for experimenting with drugs in those types of
contexts just comes a bit more naturally as well.” (Benjamin)
Interviewees described a desire to increase sexual pleasure, as taking part in something
that belongs to the gay party culture or simply an interest in trying new experiences.
Some men, such as Samu, conclude that although he feels that chemsex is a group
phenomenon connected with the gay community, he does not feel like there is any
group pressure to try chemsex within the scene.
“It’s a tricky question. Because I have tried it, myself, too. And it really makes your
senses more [...] present, sometimes very horny. But of course it has effects on your
health and so on, so it’s not just a good thing. [...I] don’t know if I have any specific
opinion about it. [...C]uriosity, I think [was the reason for trying] for me, I don’t know
what it is for others. [...Y]ou can’t say group pressure, but when people who are use
to [using] and having sex are quite involved in this scene, it affects-, it gets you into
trying things. [...I] think the sex in connection is more intense. And that’s the main
reason it really attracts.” (Samu)
Taneli and Esko, who occasionally engage in chemsex describes their own
experiences:
“Hedonism! Hedonism, and also because the sexual drive among men who have sex
with men is very powerful. [...W]ith drugs, the intensity and also the duration of the
sexual pleasure is increased so much that that’s a reason why people do it.” (Taneli)

16

“I have witnessed sex to have felt heavenly and it actually takes you to different kinds
of dimensions, almost like some kind of space trips, so to speak. [...O]n the whole,
experimenting with different kinds of drugs and intoxicants is quite common at parties,
and it’s also something which people are prepared to discuss quite openly.” (Esko)
Anton, who also tried chemsex some times, describes having tried it out of curiosity,
but then finding it was not for him in the long run:
“For me personally it was just a matter of trying it out, namely since I wanted to know
what it was all about. Since then I have also come to realize that this whole gateway
theory of mine is not actually valid. [...S]o you know, basically I just really wanted to
know what it was like. I would say the first two times or so were pleasant, but after
that [...i]t wasn’t really working out for me anymore. I think that when it comes to
chemsex, it’s this kind of system which works so well for some people that they start
longing for it continuously, whereas for others, it just doesn’t work in the long run
really. I feel like I’m personally past that whole phase.” (Anton)

Sexual consent and STD transmission in relation to
chemsex
Some of the interviewees also described negative experiences relating to chemsex,
whether relating to personal use, sexual contacts using or having witnessed others use.
Especially issues pertaining to addiction and consent were raised. Sexual health in
terms of the transmission of diseases was not as common a worry as anticipated,
although when prompted to express their thoughts on STDs, many interviewees did
express that they believed STD spreading to be connected with chemsex. Lukas
describes the issue of consent in an experience of his with a sexual partner who
engaged in chemsex:
“He started asking me how I felt about urinating on one another while having sex, to
which I replied that something like that wasn’t really my thing. [...W]e started having

17

sex together and soon enough I realized that I felt something strange [...a]nd sure
enough, he was actually urinating into my butthole during the act. I was like, fuck, that
felt really bad. [...T]his person started to frighten me a lot as well, and I’m guessing
that his own behaviour in that context was also somehow related to drug use, namely
since it seemed to me that he either wasn’t able to remember me having denied that
stuff about peeing during sex, or then he simply didn’t care enough.[...W]hat I’ve
learned from my previous experiences with encounters like that [with chemsex
practicing partners] is that I will always have to check the availability of escape routes
beforehand.” (Lukas)
Taneli also has some consent issues to raise:
“I know sad stories that… some idiots put too much G [gamma hydroxybutyrate] into
someone’s drink in order to make the other pass out, and technically it’s a rape. So
they can do whatever they want to the guy. Or I have also heard stories from Berlin
that they put, for instance, tina [metamphetamine] in the arse of the other guy without
him noticing, so he will be even hornier for days without being able to sleep nor feeling
any appetite. It just crushes the body mentally and physically.” (Taneli)
The experiences that Taneli and Lukas described regarding the issue of consent in
connection to chemsex are unfortunately not unheard of: issues of consent relating to
the use of chemsex has been described e.g. by Bourne et al (2015a, 2015b) in studies
done in the UK. In a German setting, Bohn et al. (2020) describe how 47.2 % (n =
233) of study participants engaging in chemsex report having experienced sexual
partners not respecting their (sexual) boundaries, which differed significantly the nonchemsex group (n = 133; 26.8 %). In the same study, 17.7 % of the chemsex group (n
= 234) reported having had drugs administered to them without consent by a sexual
partner.
When asked directly for thoughts about how chemsex might affect, if at all, sexual
health in terms of sexually transmittable diseases, some men described risks that are
involved in party settings, which are a vital part of the chemsex phenomenon, even if
not necessarily related to the drug use itself.

18

“In my own view, chemsex does increase the risks to potentially get infected with STDs
and could also lead to some mental issues” (Ismo)
“At parties, people generally do not care much for using protection while having sex.
[...W]hat that actually results in is that those people who already are hiv positive [and
are on medication] actually more safe partners in comparison with those who don’t
have it. And obviously there are other kinds of STDs which might spread as well”
(Esko)
“When one is under the influence of drugs and other substances, then it could also
lead to people not taking into account all those possible risk factors while practicing
sex, and that in turn is what leads to transmitting sexually transmittable diseases in
the process.” (Miika)
Ismo described how chemsex might be linked to STD transmission, which is supported
by research: Saarinen et al. (2017) based on the SeksiPertti survey shows that chemsex
is connected to sexual risk taking behaviour, unprotected sex and a larger amount of
STD contractions than average. On the other hand, people engaging in chemsex also
got tested for STDs more frequently, which in turn is a form of safer sex strategy in
itself (according to e.g. Hivpoint 2020b). Bourne et al. (2015a, 2015b) found that
MSM participants in their study felt that engaging in chemsex had led them to take
sexual risks and was directly implicated in terms of them having contracted hiv:
whereas the research didn’t support the idea of a direct correlation or causation
between chemsex and contracting hiv, it does show that chemsex seems to indeed lead
some men to taking sexual risks.
Similar support for this can be seen e.g. in Degenhardt et al. (2010) and Rawstorne et
al. (2007). There is also a fair amount of research on chemsex and sexual practice: the
systematic literature review by Maxwell, Shahmanesh & Gafos (2019) found
seventeen studies that identified a connection between condomless anal intercourse
and chemsex, as well as five studies that identified a connection between chemsex and
specific, high-risk sexual acts such as fisting. Considering chemsex from a more
clinical perspective it is worth noting that sexual activity over long periods of time can
result in trauma in the form of abrasions or wounds in the rectal mucous membrane,
19

which in turn significantly increases the risk of STDs being transmitted (Giorgetti et
al., 2017). Bigger insertions (e.g. in the form of fisting), prolonged friction and
multiple partners also increase the risk. The Maxwell et al. (2019) study also identified
eleven studies that concluded hiv positive MSM are more likely to engage in chemsex
than hiv negative MSM.
This project also saw the importance of recognizing higher-risk sexual practices, such
as fisting. Santtu was in chemotherapy for Kaposi’s sarcoma which led to him losing
feeling in his hands, legs and genitalia. He describes having to find new ways to have
sex in order to reconnect with his sexuality and sense of sexual self:
“I met someone who introduced me to fisting, and well, this was the way to kind of refind my way of getting pleasure. [...T]his was kind of a reinvention of my sexuality in
a way I had never thought of. Earlier I found the idea of fisting completely disgusting
and, well, it turned out to be the way to have orgasms.” (Santtu)
Santtu also experienced that his sexuality as an hiv positive gay man wasn’t taken
seriously in Finnish health care and sought treatment abroad, where he received
hormonal treatments and a prescription for sildenafil, to treat erectile dysfunction. He
describes his experiences with finding sexual partners in Finland as troubling:
“People in Finland think that if the person doesn’t tell me he is hiv positive, then it’s
fine, then we can bareback. And this is a really troubling thought for me, which
destroyed my sex life completely in Finland. So I don’t have sex with Finnish people.
I have sex with foreigners. [...]Either abroad or with foreigners visiting Finland.
[...B]ecause in Finland I always have the idea that I have to either educate people, I
have to tell them what is safe and what is unsafe, or I have to make the decision what
to do. And I don’t want to. I just want to have fun and not start educating.” (Santtu)
So called ‘serosorting’ and ‘seroconcordance’, i.e. seeking out sexual partners that
have the same hiv status as oneself, is a technique that some MSM use. Although not
discussed in a chemsex framework specifically, this was a theme that came up with
many of the interviewees. Samu describes how he’s mainly “tried to find another hiv
positive person to have sex, so that [he] wouldn’t have to explain anything”, and
20

Benjamin says “The Finnish law being what it is I still personally have a hard time
informing my partner that I am hiv positive, and for the most part I have chosen to be
in contact with other hiv positive people.”. There is research that report that hiv
positive MSM are more likely to serosort and seek out other hiv positive men for
condomless anal sex (see e.g. Bourne et al. 2015a, Gilbart et al. 2015, MelendezTorres et al. 2016, Rich et al. 2016), but none from a Finnish perspective. MelendezTorres et al. (2017) saw that unprotected anal intercourse was less likely to happen
with partners of negative or unknown hiv status. Maxwell et al. (2019) concludes hiv
status is a potentially important factor in determining whether or not MSM who engage
in chemsex use condoms. Naturally, serosorting does not solve the issue with men who
are unaware of being hiv positive, thus un-medicated and therefore highly infectious,
nor the issue of other STDs spreading. This is an interesting topic that could benefit
from more research.

Mental health and chemsex
As several of the men discuss the border between chemsex and “regular” drug use, it
can be worth noting that in Bourne et al. (2015b), every sixth interviewee attributed
mental health issues such as depression, anxiety and even psychosis to their having
engaged in chemsex. Chemsex was characterized as paradoxical in relation to
relationship ideals, where the ideal is more of a normative, more monogamous devoted
relationship, whereas chemsex practice often features speedy changes in partners,
with less emotional intimacy. Every second interviewee in the Bourne et al .(2015b)
study experienced that chemsex affected their ability to work in the form of absent
days or weaker performance at work. A recent Irish study (Glynn et al. 2018) saw one
fourth of the MSM respondents reporting that chemsex had affected their lives
negatively.
Among the interviewees in this project, some men described the process of decreasing
or quitting chemsex altogether and looking for alternatives that could bring stronger
sexual pleasure without substances. Taneli describes his experience as someone who

21

engages in occasional chemsex, but is trying to “heal” from it: “There are people who
have control of chemsex, but then there are also those for whom it can become an
addiction and for those who think they don’t have a problem with it, but it has become
a problem. [...I] saw how much pleasure it gives them and what the cost of that
pleasure could be in the long run, so. This is also a part of my healing process, coming
back to tantra and yoga. I have found these, my ways to decrease and also stop my use
of chemsex. [...T]hrough tantra I’m able to focus, [...] so it’s like me controlling the
sexual energy and not vice versa.” (Taneli)
Joni and Gabriel, too, see tantric sex as an alternative choice:
“If we speak about tantric sex for example, really going inside yourself and what your
true sexuality needs in that time. When you use the chemicals, it can go a different
way. I mean, it can add up to more than you are” (Gabriel)
In addition to finding alternate ways of “controlling the sexual energy”, like Taneli
says, one strategy seems to be choosing your community differently. Joni belongs to a
club in Berlin, where one of the membership conditions are that one is not allowed to
use drugs. Taneli describes his looking for communities by concluding he’s “actively
going to different events and meeting new people, because [he] feel[s] like it will be
easy for [him] to get rid of the chemsex scene if [he] get[s] a new group of friends.
Because [his] current friends, the closest friends, are still doing chemsex”. He also
feels like he wants to “help other gay guys who are practicing chemsex to find other
alternatives”.
While there are no mentions of the use of tantra to encourage sober sex in academic
literature, it is widely recognized that treatment must be highly specific to the situation
- treating chemsex practicing MSM is not the same as treating drug addicts outside the
context. Bourne et al. (2014) describe how both users and staff in the UK context feel
that regular, conventional health care services for drug users are not well equipped to
tackle sexual issues. Bourne et al. (2014) also describe how chemsex users usually
would control their usage by setting up personal limits regarding e.g. how much money
or time they spent on chemsex, or limiting use only to certain substances. While some
go into the chemsex scene conscious of these, others would have traumatic events that
22

caused them to set boundaries, such as after overdoseing or being sexually abused
during a chemsex scenario. These themes are completely lacking in this material,
which might be partially because the semi-structured interview schedule wasn’t
prepared for deep-diving into this theme, but also because the phenomenon in Finland
is still very marginal compared to e.g. London or Berlin. None of the interviewees had
sought treatment for their drug use, to the best of my knowledge.
Some men, such as Anton and Ismo, tried chemsex but feel like substance use has
nothing to give them anymore. Sakari does not feel like chemsex could be an issue for
him personally, as he keeps away from “the gay community”, which he associates with
doing drugs:
“I don’t go to gay bars much and I don’t have many gay friends. So it’s hard for me
to say what the situation [with chemsex] is like. [...I] don’t know about the gay
community because I date people mostly outside the gay community. I feel attracted to
those outsiders of the gay community much more than people I consider being part of
the gay community, which from my perspective means gay bars, clubbing, doing drugs,
and, and … listening to house music [laughs]. I don’t know, but the gay community is
a weird concept anyway” (Sakari)
Some men also discussed that they think it is a matter of knowledge, and that NGOs
and Pride events should talk more about chemsex in a realistic, yet sensitive way. Jani
explains his thoughts:
“Each and every one is able to decide for themselves whether they choose to engage
in it, but I’m personally just hoping that, you know, people would start to enlighten
and inform others about chemsex and its risks more in the future.” (Jani)
In Finland, this was mirrored in the NGO Positiiviset ry driven Chemsex project (20192020), which has been described previously in this article. The project started soon
after the Living with hiv in Finland interviews were finished, and featured Pride events
and peer-based education, quite like Jani had hoped.

23

CONCLUSION
”I’m happy I’m here to enjoy myself. A lot of my friends aren’t so… I lost so many
close friends. To hiv. (Lennu)
The purpose of this study was to produce a current and contextualized narrative of
what chemsex looks like as a phenomenon from a pronounced Finnish standpoint.
While the results of this study are in no way generalizable to the entire Finnish hiv
positive MSM population, the narrative produced by the interviewees suggest that the
phenomenon that is chemsex is both current and relevant to Finnish men who have sex
with men. The interviewees presented a rather rich and complex understanding of what
the phenomenon consists of, and they recognized a plethora of motivations behind
engaging in chemsex while still also maintaining the ability to problematize chemsex
for the risks substance use contains. Some discussed the role of digitalization and
online dating, others saw a sort of escapist lure in substance use to battle selfstigmatization, others yet concluded hedonism and the search for sexual pleasure are
just a part of human nature.
In the interviews that were conducted within the span of five years, the men produce a
narrative of chemsex as something that is either quickly arriving in Finland or
something that has already existed for a while, even if it is restricted to a more private
scene in Finland than something that would be engaged in publicly or semi-publicly.
The growing incidence as well as information on the substances used is mirrored in
the most current literature (see Saarinen et al. 2017). While these interviews were all
carried out before the corona pandemic hit Europe, a chemsex project was started by
the patient organization Positiivit ry in 2019 that continued throughout 2020. It would
be of great interest to know how the chemsex phenomenon morphs and develops in
these changing times, and what Finnish chemsex looks like in a hopefully corona-free
future.
The interviews also raise questions of how well professionals are able to provide
timely and adequate support forms to people who are diagnosed with hiv. On one hand,
we are entering the fifth decade of hiv, but on the other hand, the phenomenon of
24

chemsex is still fairly new, especially in a Finnish context. Similarly, questions of hiv
awareness and sexual health could be improved in the MSM demographic in
general. As this research group has argued before (Jaspal, Eriksson & Nynäs, 2021), it
would be beneficial in general to promote greater awareness, understanding and
visibility of hiv in Finland and in other low-prevalence countries. The fact that the
Finnish MSM scene has not quite developed a similar chemsex culture as many
European metropolises have, as both interviewees and Saarinen et al. (2017) have
pointed out, means that there is indeed time to get supportive structures in place.
The issues of STD transmission are, as previously shown, relevant to the question of
chemsex, which the interviewees also showed an understanding for. STD transmission
is connected to chemsex via sexual risk-taking behaviour and unprotected sex. What
surprised me was the issues directly relating to consent and sexual violations that some
of the interviewees – while none of the interviewees contextualized their experiences
as rape, the narratives showed violent crossings of sexual boundaries. This, too, is
unfortunately seen in research e.g. from a German context (see Bohn et al. 2020).
Aside from physical health, the Finnish MSM interviewees also considered it
important to find other alternatives for people wanting to cut down or quit chemsex
because of mental health reasons. Chemsex was seen as something that gives pleasure
but could have a high cost “in the long run”, as Taneli says, and so the interviewees
describe different alternatives such as tantric sex or belonging to a (MSM) club the
membership conditions of which state that substance use is not allowed.
New questions are being raised in connection to chemsex: as Abdulrahim et al. (2016)
highlight, “in order to be effective, efficient, acceptable and equitable, any intervention
must take into consideration the specific socio-cultural circumstances of the
individual”. Chemsex among MSM seems to feature a myriad of reasons and specific
competence that takes into consideration the socio-cultural aspects of being a hiv
positive man who has sex with men must be ensured within health care. Chemsex
features equal parts ‘chems’ and sex, and questions relating to sexual health must be
included when providing care in a drug use induced setting. Hegazi et al. (2016)
suggest that sexual risk taking increases with the practice of chemsex, e.g. in the form
of larger amounts of sexual contacts, group sex, commercial sex, unprotected sex,
fisting and sharing toys, larger consumption of alcohol and intravenous drug use.
25

Combined with the fact that chemsex practicing MSM have been found to be
suspicious toward health care and drug treatment personnel’s knowledge of gay culture
and chemsex (Bourne et al. 2015b), it is a valid hypothesis that Hegazi et al. (2016)
present: chemsex practicing MSM are probably easier to reach via sexual health
services than drug treatment centres. Therefore, treatment and support measures must
come with a sexological competence that does not undermine the significance of the
social-sexual-cultural aspects of drug use in chemsex settings. It is notable that issues
such as controlling one’s substance usage were barely mentioned in this study,
partially probably because the semi-structured interview schedule did not specifically
ask for details on chemsex use. This is something that could benefit greatly from more
extensive, focused research in the future.
Bourne et al. (2015b) also found that clients wish they had access to non-judgemental
support and discussion in regards to chemsex, as well as information about safer use
in a harm-reduction focused model. One example of this is the UK based service
provider 56 Dean Street (n.d.), which is a clinic focused on LGBTIQ+ health care
needs, especially hiv related. The clinic offers rapid testing, sexual counselling and
psychosexual support for chemsex users, where the client can choose whether they
want help to focus on minimizing risks, cutting down on use or quitting altogether.
The Finnish chemsex project was a step forward, but with the arrival of the pandemic,
public STEA funding was cut from e.g. Hivpoint (Hivpoint 2021), which had to close
some of its offices in 2021. It seems unlikely that Finnish chemsex users in need of
support would be able to find tailored services available anytime soon. In terms of
future research, Bourne et al. (2015b) pose an important question: How does substance
usage and chemsex affect the comprehensive health of gay people and the gay
community? This is echoed in Saarinen et al. (2017), who see this as one of the big
research questions in the Finnish gay community in the near future, and I
wholeheartedly concur.

26

SWEDISH SUMMARY
Hiv är ett kroniskt virus som anfaller människans immunsystem och mer specifikt en
vit blodcellstyp som kallas T-hjälparceller eller CD4-celler. Viruset smittar bl.a. via
sexuell kontakt. Utan läkemedelsbehandling kan viruset leda till syndromet aids, där
det försvagade immunsystemet inte klarar av att kämpa emot opportunistiska
infektioner

så

som

pneumoni,

tuberkulos,

hjärnhinneinflammation

eller

svampinfektioner. Dessa leder eventuellt till döden. Genom modern medicin kan hiviruset bromsas så effektivt att den smittade kan leva ett normalt liv. Viruset associeras
fortfarande starkt med homosexuella män, eftersom hi-virusets incidens i denna
befolkningsgrupp ända sedan viruset hittades har varit oproportionellt hög.
Chemsex är ett fenomen som också associeras med män som har sex med män. Det
hänvisar till användningen av psykoaktiva droger i ett sexuellt sammanhang och
förknippas ofta med klubbkultur eller andra sexuella gruppsammanhang. Psykoaktiva
ämnen används för att förlänga den sexuella akten och njutningen, och innebär även
att personen som tagit drogen kan ha sex med flera personer eller under längre tid,
vilket i sin tur innebär att det finns högre risk för sexuellt överförbara sjukdomar.
Som en del av Åbo Akademis Minoritetsforskningsprofilens forskningsprojekt Living
with hiv in Finland (Att leva med hiv i Finland) gjordes en kvalitativ intervjustudie
med målet att kartlägga tankar och upplevelser hos finska hiv-positiva män som har
sex med män (MSM) i Finland. Ett viktigt tema i intervjuupplägget var chemsex.
Denna artikel strävar till att synliggöra chemsex-fenomenet ur en uttalat finsk
ståndpunkt genom att analysera tankar och upplevelser kring chemsex hos sjutton hivpositiva finska män som har sex med män. Deltagarna rekryterades via två
organisationer som arbetar med hiv i Finland, Hivpoint och De Positiva rf. Alla
intervjuades individuellt med hjälp av ett halvstrukturerat intervjuschema förutom ett
par, som intervjuades tillsammans. Alla förutom en bodde i huvudstadsregionen, och
åldersvariationen var mellan 36 och 72 år, medan tiden de hade levt med en hivdiagnos varierade mellan 1,5 till 26 år. Alla intervjuade hade uppnått en god
vårdbalans i sin antiretrovirala läkemedelsbehandling och var därmed i ett skede där
de inte själva kunde smitta andra med hiv.
27

Intervjufrågorna fokuserade på självidentifikation och upplevelser kring att vara hivpositiv, att berätta för andra om sin hiv-status, förståelse för sjukdomen, sexuella
upplevelser i samband med hiv-smittan, chemsex, överlevnadsmekanismer vid
eventuell psykisk kris samt stigma. Intervjuerna bandades in och transkriberades, samt
översattes till engelska i de fall där intervjun gjorts på ett annat språk. All data
analyserades med hjälp av kvalitativ temaanalys. Trots att intervjufrågorna behandlade
ett flertal frågor som rörde livet som hiv-positiv man som har sex med män fokuserar
denna avhandling endast på delarna som rörde chemsex.
Problemformuleringen baserade sig på att det inom ett finskt sammanhang inte funnits
särskilt mycket forskning kring chemsex. I allmänhet finns det väldigt lite forskning i
hur finska hiv-positiva män som har sex med män mår, speciellt om de utövar
chemsex, då de kan sägas bära på en trippelstigma i form av att de tillhör en sexuell
minoritet, är hiv-positiva och använder psykoaktiva rusmedel. Frågeställningarna var
att söka svar på varför MSM-män utövar chemsex, hur de upplever fenomenet i
Finland, vilka problem de själva stött på i samband med chemsex och å andra sidan
vilka positiva sidor de själva ser i fenomenet. Det finns en lång historia i forskning
kring hiv och sexuell hälsa hos män som har sex med män, till och med sådan som
handlar om rusmedelsanvändning, men fenomenet som kallas chemsex handlar inte
om vilken rusmedelsanvändning som helst utan specifikt i grupp- eller
festsammanhang. Chemsex är inte bara sex, utan utgör en underkultur.
Intervjuerna målade upp en bild av ett påbörjande fenomen som många hade upplevt
utomlands, sett ankomsten av till Finland och även till viss del tagit del av själva.
Deltagarna var överens om att chemsex har kommit till Finland, och det fanns även
vissa lingvistiska faktorer närvarande med vilka de skilde åt chemsex som fenomen
från annan, icke-sexualiserad droganvändning och på så sätt skapade gränser mellan
olika sorts droganvändare. I materialet fanns det även synligt en medvetenhet om de
möjligtvis negativa sidorna associerade med chemsex, vilket även speglade
internationell forskning om behovet för sensitiva, sexologiskt kompetenta
behandlingsformer för droganvändare för att kunna nå chemsex-utövare. Narrativet
var å ena sidan ett där chemsex sågs som något som talar till människans inneboende
behov av att söka njutning och sexuella kontakter, medan det å andra sidan fanns en
28

god förståelse för eventuella risker. En av riskerna handlade om sexuellt samtycke, där
det fanns upplevelser av att droganvändningen kunde bidra till att sexuella gränser
överskreds i form av sexuellt våld eller våldtäkt. En annan risk var förekomsten och
spridningen av sexuellt överförbara sjukdomar genom att drogerna möjliggör längre
sexuella akter med flera deltagare. Även psykisk ohälsa var en del av problemet och
deltagarna beskrev jakten på alternativ som kunde ersätta chemsex-utövandet, till
exempel i form av tantrasex eller att delta i sexuella gemenskaper så som klubbar som
förbjuder användningen av rusmedel.
I Finland fanns ett chemsex-projekt under åren 2019-2020 som leddes av
patientorganisationen De Positiva rf. Emedan intervjuerna gjordes innan detta projekt
som kan ha bidragit till att öppna upp diskussionsklimatet kring rusmedelsanvändning
i Finland hos MSM-befolkningsgruppen finns det ännu ett stort behov för resurser för
chemsex-utövare. Framtida forskning skulle dra nytta av att fokusera på socio-sexualkulturell sensitivitet inom sjuk- och hälsovården speciellt i länder såsom Finland, där
ett stort ansvar sätts på tredje sektorn såsom föreningar att erbjuda goda, riktade hivrelaterade tjänster till MSM-demografin.

29

REFERENCES
56 Dean Street (n.d.). Chemsex care plan. Web article n.d. accessed 18.03.2021 via
https://dean.st/chemsex-care-plan/
Abdulrahim, D., Whiteley, C., Moncrieff, M. & Bowden-Jones, O. (2016). Club Drug
Use Among Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Trans (LGBT) People. London: Novel
Psychoactive Treatment UK Network (NEPTUNE).
Aguinaldo, J. P. (2012). Qualitative analysis in gay men's health research: Comparing
thematic, critical discourse, and conversation analysis. Journal of Homosexuality, 59
(6), 765–787.
Alubo, O., Zwandor, A., Jolayemi, T. & Omudu, E. (2002). Acceptance and
stigmatization of PLWA in Nigeria. AIDS Care, 14 (1), 117-126.
Bohn A., Sander, D., Köhler, T., Hees, N., Oswald, F., Scherbaum N., Deimel, D. &
Schecke, H. (2020). Chemsex and Mental Health of Men Who Have Sex With Men in
Germany. Front Psychiatry, 11: 542301.
Bourne, A., Reid, D., Hickson, F., Torres Rueda, S. & Weatherburn, P. (2014). The
Chemsex study: drug use in sexual settings among gay & bisexual men in Lambeth,
Southwark & Lewisham. London: Sigma Research.
Bourne, A., Reid, D., Hickson, F., Torres Rueda, S. & Weatherburn, P. (2015a). Illicit
drug use in sexual settings (‘chemsex’) and HIV/STI transmission risk behaviour
among gay men in South London: findings from a qualitative study. Sexually
Transmitted Infections, 91 (8), 564-568.
Bourne, A., Reid, D., Hickson, F., Torres Rueda, S., Steinberg, P. & Weatherburn, P.
(2015b). “Chemsex” and harm reduction need among gay men in South London.
International Journal of Drug Policy, 26 (12), 1171-1176
30

Brachman Jr, P., Kozarsky, P., Cetron, M., Jacob, M.S., Boonitt, B., Wongsrichanalai,
J & Keystone, S. (1996). Knowledge and attitudes of hospital-based physicians and
trainees about HIV infection in the United States, Canada, India, and Thailand. Arch
Intern Med, 156 (7), 761-766.
Braun, V., & Clarke, V. (2006). Using thematic analysis in psychology. Qualitative
Research in Psychology, 3(2), 77–101.
Cohen, M.S. et al. (2011). Prevention of HIV-1 infection with early antiretroviral
therapy. N Engl J Med, 365 (6), 493-505.
Degenhardt, L. et al. (2010). Meth/amphetamine use and associated HIV: Implications
for global policy and public health. International Journal of Drug Policy, 21(5), 347358.
Eshleman S.H. et al. (2017). Treatment as Prevention: Characterization of partner
infections in the HIV Prevention Trials Network 052 trial. Journal of Acquired
Immune Deficiency Syndromes, 74(1), 112–116.
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (2020). A long way to go for
LGBTI equality. Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union.
Fleming T.R. et al. (2016). Antiretroviral Therapy for the Prevention of HIV-1
Transmission. N Engl J Med, 375, 830-839.
Gilbart, V.L., Simms, I., Jenkins, C., Furegato, M., Gobin, M., Oliver, I., Hart, G., Gill,
O.N. & Hughes, G. (2015). Sex, drugs and smart phone applications: Findings from
semistructured interviews with men who have sex with men diagnosed with Shigella
flexneri 3a in England and Wales. Sexually Transmitted Infections, 91 (8), 598-602.
Giorgetti, R., Tagliabracci, A., Schifano, F., Zaami, S., Marinelli, E. & Busardó, F.P.
(2017). When “Chems” Meet Sex: A Rising Phenomenon Called “ChemSex”. Curr
Neuropharmacol, 15 (5), 762-770.

31

Glynn, R.W., Byrne, N., O’Dea, S., Shanley, A., Codd, M., Keenan, E., Ward, M.,
Igoe, D. & Clarke, S. (2018). Chemsex, risk behaviours and sexually transmitted
infections among men who have sex with men in Dublin, Ireland. International
Journal of Drug Policy, 52, 9-15.
Hivpoint (2020a). Information about HIV. Hivpoint web article 12.11.2020, accessed
05.01.2021 via https://hivpoint.fi/en/information-about-hiv/
Hivpoint (2020b). Seksitapojen puheeksiotto ja seksitautien testaus. Hivpoint web
article

12.10.2020,

accessed

13.03.2021

via

https://hivpoint.fi/seksitapojen-

puheeksiotto-ja-seksitautien-testaus
Hivpoint (2021). Hivpointin rahoitus pienenee, toiminta supistuu ja henkilöstö
vähenee.

Web

article

25.02.2021

accessed

18.03.2021

via

https://hivpoint.fi/yleinen/hivpointin-rahoitus-pienenee-toiminta-supistuu-jahenkilosto-vahenee/
Holmberg, V., Soini, H., Kivelä, P., Ollgren, J. & Ristola, M. (2019). Epidemiology
and outcome of HIV patients in Finland co-infected with tuberculosis 1998-2015.
BMC Infectious Diseases, 19.
Huotari, K. (1999). Positiivista elämää. Hiv-tartunnan saaneiden selviytyminen
arjessa. Helsinki: Yliopistopaino.
Korhonen, T., Kylmä, J., Houtsonen, J., Välimäki, M. & Suominen, T. (2012).
University students' knowledge of, and attitudes towards, HIV and AIDS,
homosexuality and sexual risk behaviour: a questionnaire survey in two Finnish
universities. Journal of Biosocial Science, 44 (6), 661-675.
Jaspal, R. (2018). Perceptions of HIV testing venues among men who have sex with
men in London and the Midlands, UK. Journal of Gay & Lesbian Social Services, 30
(4), 336–355.

32

Jaspal, R. 2020. Content analysis, thematic analysis and discourse analysis. In G. M.
Breakwell, D. B. Wright, & J. Barnett (Eds.), Research methods in psychology (5th
ed.). London: Sage.
Jaspal, R., Eriksson, P. & Nynäs, P. (2021). Identity, Threat and Coping among Gay
Men Living with HIV in Finland. Cogent Psychology, 8 (1) 1878980
Karjalainen, K., Pekkanen N. & Hakkarainen, P. (2020). Suomalaisten huumeiden
käyttö ja huumeasenteet - Huumeaiheiset väestökyselyt Suomessa 1992-2018.
Helsinki: Terveyden ja hyvinvoinnin laitos (THL Report 2/2020).
Korhonen, A. (2018). Chemsex - Understanding sexualised drug use. Master’s thesis
in Global Healthcare, Arcada University of Applied Sciences. Accessible via
https://www.theseus.fi/bitstream/handle/10024/153206/Masters%20Thesis_Aku%20
Korhonen_Theseus.pdf?
Ma, R. & Perera, S. (2016). Safer “Chemsex”: GPs’ role in harm reduction for
emerging forms of recreational drug use. The British Journal of General Practice, 66
(642), 4-5.
Marcus J.L. et al. (2020). Increased overall life expectancy but not comorbidity-free
years for people with HIV. Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections,
abstract 151, March 2020.
Maxwell, S., Shahmanesh, M. & Gafos, M. (2019). Chemsex behaviours among men
who have sex with men: A systematic review of the literature. International Journal
of Drug Policy, 63, 74-89.
Melendez-Torres, G.J., Hickson, F., Reid, D., Weatherburn, P. & Bonell, C. (2016).
Nested event-level case-control study of drug use and sexual outcomes in multipartner
encounters reported by men who have sex with me. AIDS and Behavior, 20 (3), 646654.

33

Melendez-Torres, G.J., Hickson, F., Reid, D., Weatherburn, P. & Bonell, C. (2017).
Findings from within-subjects comparisons of drug use and sexual risk behaviour in
men who have sex with men in England. International Journal of STD & AIDS, 28 (3),
250-258.
Nobre, N.R., Kylmä, J., Kirsi, T. & Pereira, M. (2016). Social networks of older adults
living with HIV in Finland. AIDS Care, 28 (2), 186-190.
Nobre, N., Pereira, M., Roine, R.P., Sutinen, J. & Sintonen, H. (2018). HIV-related
self-stigma and health-related quality of life of people living with HIV in Finland.
Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care, 29 (2), 254-265.
Rawstorne, P. et al. (2007). Associations between crystal methamphetamine use and
potentially unsafe sexual activity among gay men in Australia’ Archive Sexual
Behaviour, 36 (5), 646-654.
Rich, A. J., Lachowsky, N. J., Cui, Z., Sereda, P., Lal, A., Birch, R., Montaner, J.,
Moore, D., Hogg, R.S. & Roth, E. A. (2016). Substance use, sexual behaviour and
prevention strategies of Vancouver gay and bisexual men who recently attended group
sex events. Culture, Health & Sexuality, 18 (4), 361-376.
Rodger, A.J., Cambiano, V., Bruun, T. et al. (2019). Risk of HIV transmission
through condomless sex in serodifferent gay couples with the HIV-positive partner
taking suppressive antiretroviral therapy (PARTNER): final results of a multicentre,
prospective, observational study. The Lancet, 393 (10189), 2428–2438.
Saarinen, E. et al (2017). CHEMSEX - Päihteiden käyttö miesten välisessä seksissä.
Online

report

on

Positiiviset.fi,

accessed

13.03.21

via https://www.positiiviset.fi/tiedostot/materiaalit/Chemsex_Raportti.pdf
Sandelowski M. (1996). One is the liveliest number: the case orientation of qualitative
research. Res Nurs Health, 19 (6), 525–529.

34

Schmidt, A.J., Bourne, A., Weatherburn, P., Reid, D., Marcus, U. & Hickson, F.
(2016). Illicit drug use among gay and bisexual men in 44 cities: Findings from the
European MSM Internet Survey (EMIS). Int J of Drug Policy, 38, 4-12.
Stuart, D. (2019). Chemsex: origins of the word, a history of the phenomenon and a
respect to the culture. Drugs and Alcohol Today, 19 (1), 3-10.
Suominen, T., Koponen, N., Mockiene, V., Raid, U., Istomina, N., Vänskä, M-L.,
Blek-Vehkaluoto, M. & Välimäki, M. (2010). Nurses’ knowledge and attitudes to
HIV/AIDS - an international comparison between Finland, Estonia and Lithuania.
International Journal of Nursing Practice, 16 (2), 138-147.
Suominen, T., Heikkinen, T., Pakarinen, M., Sepponen, A. M. & Kylmä, J. (2017).
Knowledge of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases among men who
have sex with men in Finland. BMC infectious diseases, 17 (1).
Terveyden ja hyvinvoinnin laitos THL. (2020). Hiv ja aids esiintyvyys ja tilastot. THL
web article 16.06.2020, accessed 09.02.2021 via https://thl.fi/fi/web/infektiotaudit-jarokotukset/taudit-ja-torjunta/taudit-ja-taudinaiheuttajat-a-o/hiv/hiv-ja-aidsesiintyvyys-ja-tilastot
Terveyden ja hyvinvoinnin laitos THL. (2021). Hiv Suomessa - Hiv i Finland. THL
web

article

in

constant

revision,

accessed

03.01.2021

via

https://www.thl.fi/ttr/gen/rpt/hivsuo.pdf
Tiittala, P., Kivela, P., Liitsola, K., Ollgren, J., Pasanen, S., Vasankari, T. & Snellman,
O. & Ristola, M. (2018). Important gaps in HIV knowledge, attitudes and practices
among young asylum seekers in comparison to the general population. Journal of
Immigrant Health, 20, 1415-1423.
Välimäki, M., Makkonen, P., Mockiene, V., Aro, I., Blek-Vehkaluoto, M., Istomina,
N., Kisper-Hint, I.R., Staniuliene, V., Koponen, N., Vänskä, ML. & Suominen, T.
(2010). Nursing and midwife students' willingness to provide care to patients with

35

HIV/AIDS--a comparative study in Finland, Estonia and Lithuania. Nurse Education
Today, 30 (7), 674-679.
Weatherburn, P. & Project SIGMA. (1992). Alcohol Use and Unsafe Sexual
Behaviour: Any Connection? In Aggleton, P., Davies, P. & Hart, G. (eds). AIDS:
Rights, Risk and Reason. Basingstoke: The Falmer Press.

36

