STRUCTURAL VULNERABILITY TO INFECTION:
SOMALI OVERREPRESENTATION OF CORONAVIRUS CASES
IN HELSINKI, FINLAND
by Anuhya Bobba

Master’s Thesis in Social Exclusion
Supervisor: Anaïs Duong-Pedica
Faculty of Arts, Psychology, and Theology
Åbo Akademi University 2021

Subject(s): Social Exclusion, Gender Studies
Name: Anuhya Bobba
Title of Work: Structural Vulnerability to Infection: Somali Overrepresentation of
Coronavirus Cases in Helsinki, Finland
Supervisor: Anaïs Duong-Pedica

Secondary Supervisor: Katariina Kyrölä

Abstract: As the novel coronavirus or COVID-19 started to unravel as a pandemic
in Helsinki, Finland, 200 infections were reported in the local Somali community,
as of April 14, 2020 (“Somalinkielisten Koronavirustartunnat,” 2020). Somali
speakers comprise 1.8 percent of a city population of 653,835 persons, but
represented nearly a fifth of positive cases or “10 times their share of the city’s
population” (Helsinki Facts and Figures, 2020; Masri, 2020). The aim of this
research project is to probe the extent to which the anti-Black racism and
Islamophobia of pre-coronavirus Finland played a role in this overrepresentation.
This thesis utilizes a meta-ethnographic methodology to explore the link between
systemic racism and structural vulnerability to infection for Somalis in Helsinki,
Finland, as it continues to materialize in the coronavirus pandemic. For the metaethnography, 20 qualitative studies, which contextualize Somali “meaning-making
and world-views” in sectors of Finnish society, were chosen for examination (NealJackson, 2018, p. 5). Sectors include education, healthcare, housing, immigration
and integration, labor market, and law enforcement. The analysis and synthesis of
these studies, guided by theoretical frameworks such as Afro-pessimism,
demonstrate that systemic racism is operative in Finland and has produced
several material consequences for the Somali community. This is observable
across each represented sector. From increased allostatic load, poor access to
quality healthcare, poor accommodation, and reduced access to education and
employment, Somalis are deprioritized and devalued by “a racial calculus and a
political arithmetic” of anti-Black racism and Islamophobia (Hartman, 2006, p. 5).
This racial calculus produces differential treatment in the individual, interpersonal,
sectoral, and systemic level. Because structural vulnerability as theorized by
Quesada et. al. (2011, p. 341) is a positionality in social hierarchies and orders
that allocate power differentially, the meta-ethnographic analysis and synthesis
make clear that Somalis are currently one of the communities at the bottom of the
hierarchical social order in Finland. From this depreciated position, Somalis are
made structurally vulnerable in moments of crisis like an international pandemic.
Keywords: anti-Black racism, systemic racism, Islamophobia, structural
vulnerability, Somali, Finland, meta-ethnography
Date: April 26, 2021

Number of Pages: 95 pages

2

Acknowledgements
Without my advisor, Anaïs Duong-Pedica, I would have been ill-equipped to traverse
the institutional racism of Finnish academia. Her compassion and her grace, and her
practice of critique as care (Fernando, 2019), have improved my work and my ability
to think critically. Anaïs has shown me the value of radical care, or “what it means for
individuals and groups to feel and provide care, survive, and even dare to thrive in
environments that challenge their very existence” (Hobart & Kneese, 2020, p. 3). I am
thankful to have produced this work under her continued guidance. She once said,
“Research does not have to be neutral. Research has to be empirical.” This research
is empirical, and it shows that Finland sees race. And if you are racialized in Finland,
it produces material consequences that can adversely affect your health and
livelihood.
I am thankful for my family, Hima Bindu Tummala and Siva Kumari Tummala, who
have offered love and support in my many journeys since 2016. I am especially
thankful for our collective journey, one in which we envision a life beyond the perpetual
cycles of intergenerational trauma.
Without my Wear Your Voice colleagues, Lara, Sherronda, Da’Shaun, and Reina,
my political education (like that of many others) would be grossly misguided. Thank
you for the important work that each of you forward!
My American community, Haley, Matt, and Morgan, is my constant and continued
source of inspiration and joy. Kara, thank you for our many conversations, where you
offered important insight that has undeniably improved the work ahead.
The care that I received from my Finnish community, Alina, Amo, Iiris, Indu, Jasmin,
Karla, Maria, and Otto, has been lifesaving and life-nurturing. Because of Sami, I
now understand what bell hooks (1999, p. 4) meant by love as “’the will to extend
one’s self for the purpose of nurturing one’s own or another’s spiritual growth.’”

3

Table of Contents
1. Introduction

5

2. Literature Review

14

2.1. Race and racism in Finland

15

2.2. Somalis in Finland

19

2.2.1. Black as non-European

21

2.2.2. Muslim as non-European

24

2.3. Health inequalities in “raceless” Finland

27

2.4. Overview of coronavirus related research

31

2.5. Structural vulnerability

34

3. Methodology

40

3.1. Intellectual Interest

40

3.2. Search Strategy, Study Selection, and Quality Assessment

41

3.3. Analysis

44

3.4. Synthesis

45

4. Discussion

53

4.1. Allostatic load

55

4.2. Poor access to high-quality healthcare

59

4.3. Poor accommodation

66

4.4. Reduced access to education and employment

71

5. Conclusion

75

6. Author’s Reflection

78

7. Works Cited

82
4

1. Introduction
As the novel coronavirus or COVID-19 started to unravel as a pandemic in
Helsinki, Finland, 200 infections were reported in the local Somali community, as of
April 14, 2020 (“Somalinkielisten Koronavirustartunnat,” 2020). Nearly 21,920 Somalis
reside in Finland, and more than half of these inhabitants live in the city of Helsinki
(Population by Language, 2020). Somali speakers comprise 1.8 percent of a city
population of 653,835 persons, but represented nearly a fifth of positive cases or “10
times their share of the city’s population” (Helsinki Facts and Figures, 2020; Masri,
2020). As a response in the same month, Mayor Jan Vapaavuori called for the
additional development of multilingual services as well as increased cooperation with
various stakeholders like foreign language associations, specifically the Finnish
Somali League, to curb the increase in cases. On the other hand, city councilor
Suldaan Said Ahmed described the group-differentiated infection rate (1.8 percent for
Somalis, 0.2 percent for the rest of the population) as a “class issue,” where Somalis
occupy temporary employment as bus drivers, cleaners, or nurses and tend to house
multi-generational families in smaller apartments – both of which inhibit the ability to
quarantine or social distance (“Somali Community Covid-19 Infections,” 2020). Class
proffers a useful frame of analysis for the overrepresentation of Somalis in Helsinki’s
coronavirus cases, since income is considered a social determinant of health in
Finland. But as foreign language speakers (persons whose mother tongue is neither
Finnish nor Swedish) comprise a third of new coronavirus cases as late as March
2021, it is equally important to gauge the extent to which race and racism played a
role in this overrepresentation (“Third of New Covid Cases among Foreign Language
Speakers,” 2021). This thesis will utilize a meta-ethnographic methodology, which
synthesizes qualitative research and works to produce “comprehensive and
generalizable theory” (Atkins et al., 2008, p. 2), to explore the link between systemic
racism and structural vulnerability to infection for Somalis in Helsinki, as it continues
to materialize in the coronavirus pandemic.
The preliminary phase of Somali migration to Finland in the 1990s, as a
consequence of the Somali Civil War, resulted in what became known as the “Somali
shock” (Saraste, 2016; Somalis in Helsinki, 2013). Because Finland had a foreign

5

population of less than five percent, Somali migration was experienced as a “shock”
(Virtanen, 1999). Finland, then a country of emigration, was not equipped to
accommodate the newly arrived Somalis, whose arrival coincided with an economic
recession. The arrival flared xenophobic sentiment in white Finns, which escalated to
beatings and verbal abuse against Somalis (Somalis in Helsinki, 2013). Particularly,
some white Finns would use knives, guns, and Molotov cocktails to instill fear in
Somalis, who, for purposes of safety, avoided streets and public transportation after
sundown (Virtanen, 1999). This hostility toward foreigners, but more specifically
Somalis, persists to the present day. The first and second editions of the European
Union Minorities and Discrimination Survey (2010 & 2017) indicated high rates of
discrimination and hate-motivated harassment in Finland, specifically against Somalis
and more generally, persons of Sub-Saharan African background. For example, 74
assaults or threats per 100 interviewees were recorded for Somalis in Finland in 2010
(EU-MIDIS, 2010). This thesis will examine how such a landscape motivated by
racism paved a coherent path for the pandemic to follow, where it coalesces with the
previous patterns of anti-Black discrimination in addition to Islamophobia, to produce
infection and to reproduce structural violence averse to the already marginalized.
The novel coronavirus, which started as a cluster of viral pneumonia cases of
unspecified origin in December 2019, quickly materialized as an international
pandemic by early 2020. From the initial declaration of a Public Health Emergency of
International Concern (PHEIC) by the World Health Organization in January 2020, as
a result of 7,818 cases across 19 countries, more than 141 million cases and nearly
3 million deaths have been reported since its official designation as a pandemic in
March 2020 (WHO Coronaviurs Disease (COVID-19) Dashboard, 2021). In an effort
to contain the international spread of the virus, nation states reverted to territorial
sovereignty, as borders closed, and interstate traffic came to a halt. Domestically,
countries issued states of emergency, in which lockdown or shelter-in-place directives
temporarily closed non-essential services. Considerable differences existed from
country to country, from the strictness of each directive to the extent of police force or
surveillance utilized to enforce the directive.

6

Shortly after its first COVID-19 infection on January 29, 2020, Finland amended
the Government Decree on Communicable Diseases to include coronavirus as a
generally hazardous communicable disease in mid-February (Preparedness for the
COVID-19 Disease, 2021). Whereas the month of February recorded nine confirmed
cases, the pandemic entered a phase of acceleration in March and passed the
national epidemic threshold, as 1,799 cases were confirmed by the end of the month
(Confirmed Coronavirus Cases in Finland, 2021). As a result, on March 16, 2020,
Prime Minister Sanna Marin declared a state of emergency that closed the premises
of schools and universities as well as public facilities, shifted studies and most work
to distance learning and telework, limited public gatherings, and suspended
passenger traffic at Finnish borders (Finland Is in Exceptional Circumstances, 2020).
Parliamentary vote on March 27, 2020 called for the temporary closure of the Uusimaa
region, which contains nearly a third of Finland’s population and the country’s
coronavirus epicenter -- the capital city of Helsinki (Population Data by Region, 2019;
“Uusimaa Closes Borders,” 2020). In fact, over 68 percent of coronavirus deaths have
been reported in the catchment area for the Helsinki city-region (Situation Update on
Coronavirus, 2021). While the state of emergency and related restrictions were lifted
in mid-June, a second wave of the virus is now underway: October 30, 2020 saw the
highest number of cases (344) since the start of the pandemic, and two variant
coronavirus strains from the United Kingdom and South Africa have been identified in
Finland (“Gov’t Lifts State of Emergency,” 2020; “Suomessa Raportoitu 344 Uutta,”
2020; “Variant Covid Strains Detected,” 2020). A new lockdown order was issued for
March 8, 2021, as the second wave worsened (“Finland Announces March
Shutdown,” 2021).
Whereas the spatial concentration of the virus in urban centers is not unique to
Finland (Sadeque, 2020), the April 2020 pattern of infection, in which the virus
becomes disproportionately concentrated in a city’s minority population, is equally not
unique to Helsinki. Oslo and Stockholm report similar patterns and that too with their
respective Somali communities. In the same month, approximately 425 Somalis tested
positive for coronavirus in Norway – six percent of confirmed cases and over ten times
their share of the population (Masri, 2020). Oslo, the country’s capital and epicenter,

7

first saw cases in more affluent areas of the city, from travelers who partook in Alpine
tourism or visited Italy and returned infected. Nowadays, eastern Oslo, where a
sizable portion of the city’s immigrant population resides, is the new hub of infection
(Bivand Erdal et al., 2020). In Stockholm, Sweden, Somalis accounted for six out of
the first fifteen coronavirus deaths and continue to account for 40 percent of
coronavirus-related deaths, even as they constitute a mere 0.84 percent of the city
population (Bejerot, 2020; Speckhard et al., 2020; “Swedish Coronavirus Deaths
Increase,” 2020). The coronavirus deaths in Stockholm inspired Jyrki Åland, Chairman
of the far-right Perussuomalaiset chapter in Turku, Finland, to call for a “corona
cleanup” of the immigrant populated suburb of Varissuo (Koskinen, 2021). Åland’s
comment not only shows the hostility levelled at non-white persons in Finland, but also
demonstrates the depreciated social position of Somalis.
Although Oslo and Stockholm have produced analyses or reports based on
coronavirus data disaggregated by country of birth (Rostila et al., 2020; Weekly
Reports for Coronavirus, 2021), Helsinki does not publish similar data. From the onset
of the pandemic in March, the City of Helsinki has opted to codify data by postal code
(Coronavirus Updates from Helsinki, 2021). Even as city and federal level statistics
provide population data by “foreign language,” where linguistic grouping replaces
racial categories and identities, health-related data cannot be similarly disaggregated
for purposes of privacy (Rastas, 2005). However, when the overrepresentation of
Somalis in April infection data was first detected, the City of Helsinki made an
exceptional decision to publicize health data disaggregated by a singular foreign
language community (“Somalinkielisten Koronavirustartunnat,” 2020). Data related to
the Somali population in Helsinki, Finland was disseminated nationally via a press
conference and release, but data related to other foreign language groups remained
private. This created considerable controversy.
In a petition that garnered over 1,200 signatures, local Somali representatives
explained, “Koronatartuntoja tarkasteltiin nostamalla esiin yksi kieliryhmä, eikä
huomioitu muita tartuntojen taustalla mahdollisesti vaikuttavia asioita” [Coronary
infections were examined by highlighting one language group, without taking into
account other issues that may have contributed to the infections] (Yhdenvertaisuus

8

Helsingin, 2020). Other issues, according to the petition and in line with Ahmed’s
earlier remarks, included concentrated employment in customer service as well as
social services and health care – sectors that render telework unfeasible. However,
Mayor Vapaavuori quickly rejected the community’s allegation: “Ammatillinen jakauma
ei…selitä tartuntatilanteen kokonaisuutta” […the occupational distribution does not
explain the totality of the infection situation] (Kangasluoma & Salomaa, 2020). A rift
thus emerged between the community’s assessment and that of the city administration
in terms of the increase in cases. Nonetheless, as the second wave of the pandemic
evolves, regional and federal statistics have unveiled a harrowing phenomenon:
foreign language speakers, designated as persons whose mother tongue is not
Finnish or Swedish, are overrepresented in coronavirus diagnosis.
In November 2020, the chief physician of the Hospital District of Helsinki and
Uusimaa (HUS) disclosed 1) a regional pattern where infections in foreign language
speakers are not commensurate with their share of the population and, 2) a
geographical distribution of the virus that reports steep rates of infection in eastern
suburbs of the city where a considerable number of migrants are housed (Rantavaara,
2020a). A month later, the Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) reported that
foreign language speakers constituted 25 percent of nationwide coronavirus cases,
exceeding, once again, their share of the population (Rantavaara, 2020b). The virus,
initially heralded as a “great equalizer” that affects everyone equally, has instead acted
as a “great revealer” of inequities of power and resources that result in a discriminatory
pattern of infection (Gaynor & Wilson, 2020, p. 833). In both months, HUS and THL
confirmed the initial explanations described in the aforementioned petition and by
councilor Ahmed for the overrepresentation of Somalis in coronavirus cases:
occupations that do not accommodate telework and crowded apartments with large
families predispose foreign language speakers like Somalis to the virus. This was
reconfirmed in March 2021, when the share of cases constituted by foreign language
speakers rose to 31.3 percent (“Third of New Covid Cases among Foreign Language
Speakers,” 2021).
The explanatory variables provided by HUS and THL lack a systems analysis:
employment in non-telework sectors and crammed flats do not exist in a vacuum, nor

9

does the broader pattern of overrepresentation in Somalis, or foreign language
speakers as a whole. This thesis will consider how systemic racism, which consists of
“racialized social systems…that allocate differential economic, political, social, and
even psychosocial rewards to groups along racial lines,” furnishes a tangible
framework for racialized societies like Finland to first assess and then control the
“Other” (Bonilla-Silva, 1997, p. 474). As prejudicial practices in one institution
reproduce and consolidate similar practices in another institution, systems of inequity
become constructed. Discrimination, as a result, serves as a foundation for laws and
policies that determine resource distribution and thus welfare (Egede & Walker, 2010).
Albeit Finland’s placement at the top of 12 European Union countries in racial
discrimination, making it the most racist country in Europe – instead of “among the
most racist countries” as described by Finnish broadcasting company Yle – the same
racism is not attributed by officials or national media as the rationale behind the
concentration of Somalis in coronavirus infections (“Being Black in the EU,” 2018;
“Finland among Most Racist Countries in EU, Study Says,” 2018).
Systemic racism is a studied determinant of population mental and physical
health (Paradies et al., 2015). Yet, the connection between systemic racism and
health is considerably overlooked or glaringly absent in Finland, even as the pandemic
– nationally and internationally – interacts with existent social inequalities to produce
group-differentiated outcomes in infection and death. This is because ‘race’ as an
analytical and political concept is contested in Finland. In the academic realm, as late
as 2018, Finnish sociological research has been shown to pay little attention to
processes of racialization, where studies that dealt with race and racism did not use
the term ‘race’ (Rastas & Poelman, 2021). Simultaneously, ‘ethnicity,’ defined as a
cultural identity, has been preferred in academic research. However, ethnicity is quite
similar to race: “Both ethnicity and race relate to ideas of common origins or ideas of
people’s characteristics that can be derived from the common origin” (Tuori, 2009, p.
72). In the public and political realm, race is insufficiently addressed: “...even though
the Nordic countries are nowadays defined as multiethnic, multicultural societies, in
official political and academic discussions race as a social category is still usually
ignored” (Rastas, 2019, p. 366). To understand why, it is important first to delineate

10

two national imaginaries that animate Finnish self-perception. Similar to other
countries in Europe, there is a national imaginary that Finland has levelled to be
considered homogeneous and white -- both before and after its independence from
Russia (Seikkula, 2020). Simultaneously, because Finland did not have a formal
colonial empire, it regularly evokes an exceptionalism common to the Nordic region
that posits the country as outside of discourses of racism (Keskinen, 2019). Therefore,
these national imaginaries work in collaboration to position Finland as raceless or
color-blind, where “race is no longer represented as a political formulation, and […]
where traditional racial inequalities and racial injustices are now denied public
representation” (Hesse, 2011, p. 156).
This means, for example, that population health data is not disaggregated by
race in the name of “colorblind universalism” (Schclarek, Mulinari & Keskinen, 2020,
p. 15). As in, “...no category is available to name a set of experiences that are linked
in their production or at least inflection historically and symbolically, experientially and
politically, to racial arrangements and engagements” (Goldberg, 2009, p. 154).
Instead, data related to health inequalities in Finland utilize oversimplified categories
of men and women, sometimes subdivided by men and women that are either Finnish
speakers or Swedish speakers. Or, foreign language comes to replace race and
serves to mark difference. Second-generation Somalis, like a significant portion of
their first-generation counterparts, can also speak Finnish. However, they are not
categorized as Finnish speakers but as foreign language speakers -- a convoluted
categorization that, in effect, relegates Somalis as perpetual outsiders. In the context
of coronavirus, bad data has meant a “failure to [properly] assess this pandemic” and
a “failure of the government to issue [effective] policies and solutions related to
handling this virus” (“Bad Data Collection For COVID-19 Cases Has An Impact,” 2020)
Furthermore, racelessness and color-blindness in Finland must be addressed
in conjunction with the new marker of Otherhood in Europe: Islam. In White Innocence:
Paradoxes of Colonialism and Race, Gloria Wekker writes that “[t]he culturally inferior
other has increasingly come to be embodied by Muslim men and women” in the
Netherlands (Wekker, 2016, p. 55). This perception, however, is not uniquely Dutch
but is shared across Europe: “Whereas Europeans are tolerant, Muslims are

11

intolerant; where the West negotiates, the East attacks; where ‘we’ progress, ‘they’
are stagnant; where Europe abhors violence, it is the Middle Eastern way of life” (ElTayeb, 2011, p. 93). Thus, Somalis in Finland embody two qualities; they are Black
and Muslim. They exist at the intersection of two descriptors of Otherhood that, as this
thesis will argue, are critical to their overrepresentation in coronavirus cases.
Several qualitative studies have been conducted to examine and to
contextualize the position of Somalis in Finland, especially in Helsinki. From
education, employment, health and healthcare, housing, as well as immigration and
law enforcement, these studies paint a nuanced picture of the type of discrimination
experienced by Somalis, as they navigate regional and national institutions. Because
these studies often limit their scope to one sector, there is a necessity to produce a
more comprehensive analysis of the specific nature of systemic racism faced by
Somalis, across multiple sectors. Such a multilevel analysis could better explain the
group-differentiated vulnerability produced by the pandemic, because systemic racism
– itself a multilevel phenomenon – shapes health via numerous, evidenced pathways.
As noted in the Annual Review of Public Health, “…the impact of addressing a single
dimension of racism will be diminished by the system of racial oppression, which
interacts across sectors and domains of racism” (Williams et al., 2019, p. 117). Thus,
this particular meta-ethnography seeks to answer the following research questions:
1. How does systemic racism relate to a structural vulnerability to infection?
2. What is the nature of systemic racism in Finland and its capital city of Helsinki,
in specific relation to the Somali community?
3. What can previous qualitative research on the Somali community in Finland,
more specifically Helsinki, offer as explanation to the community’s structural
vulnerability to infection in the coronavirus pandemic?
Several interventions have

been implemented

as a

result

of

the

April

overrepresentation of Somali in coronavirus cases. However, the effectiveness of
these interventions (e.g., wide-ranging multilingual services) is debatable, as
November and December data from HUS and THL demonstrate a more far-reaching
overrepresentation of foreign language speakers altogether – as opposed to just
Somalis.

12

Of utmost utility in meta-ethnographic studies is that they are regularly used to
inform interventions and programs. As climate deterioration threatens to increase the
incidence of infectious diseases like coronavirus, the ongoing pandemic is
hypothesized to be the first of many (Shuman, 2011). Given that pandemics adhere
to patterns of societal discrimination and replicate them in patterns of infection and
death, meta-ethnographies will prove to be a useful tool for the development of
successful interventions. The thesis will consist of 1) a literature review of conceptual
frameworks of systemic racism, Islamophobia, and structural vulnerability that will
inform the later synthesis; 2) a section on methodology, specifically study
identification, screening, and selection; and 3) a meta-ethnographic synthesis of
selected studies and conclusion. This thesis will end in an author’s reflection, which
will use first-person. This is dissimilar from a conventional thesis structure, but it is an
intentional choice that will be later explained. Until then, this thesis will be relayed from
an impersonal voice.

13

2. Literature Review
As the foremost aim of this meta-ethnography is to determine the presence and
nature of systemic racism in Finland, across several institutions, it is important to
showcase the centrality of race to Finland. Henceforth, I use sociologist Ruth
Frankenberg’s (1993, p. 11) definition of race as a “socially constructed rather than
inherently meaningful category, one linked to relations of power and processes of
struggles, and one whose meaning changes over time” -- notably that race is “real” in
that "it has real, though changing, effects in the world and real, tangible, and complex
impacts on individuals’ sense of self and life chances.” This literature review will first
speak of how Finland participates in processes of racialization, where subsets of the
population become either favorably or unfavorably defined by their race: “Processes
of racialization begin by attributing racial meaning to people's identity and, in
particular, as they relate to social structures and institutional systems, such as
housing, employment, and education” (Race, Racialization, and Racism, 2021). This
will mean a brief overview of Finnish participation in Swedish colonial endeavors and
the racialization of Finns before Finland became a nation-state. It will also mean an
inquiry into how racialization and notably anti-Blackness was central to the formation
of Finnish national identity as white and homogenous. Such a history must be
established, so that it becomes clear to see that Finland is not raceless or color-blind
but raced -- both in the past and in the present day. This is important, in order to
negate contemporary narratives that locate the introduction of racism with the arrival
of Somalis. Additionally, as mentioned earlier, Somalis are both Black and Muslim. It
is not sufficient to limit inquiry to race as formulated under anti-Blackness. Thus, this
literature review will also demonstrate how Islam has become racialized in the Finnish
and wider European context, and how anti-Blackness and Islamophobia produce a
compounded marginalization that can, for example, carry material consequences in
an international pandemic.
Next, this literature review will attempt to showcase the impact of racialization
on national health inequalities, and how the national imaginaries of a raceless, colorblind, and mostly homogenous (i.e. white) Finland impede a comprehensive
assessment of the extent of health inequalities in minority populations. Furthermore,

14

the pre-coronavirus medical system of Finland will be critiqued for its racializing
tendencies, where “racism becomes embodied as individual experience” and thus
results in the individualization of health disparities and the essentialized use of culture
(elaborated further in section 2.4.) to reify differences associated with minorities
(Farmer, 2009, p. 11). Lastly, because this meta-ethnography is an attempt to
understand the overrepresentation of Somalis in the coronavirus pandemic, a quick
overview of coronavirus related research will be provided so as to determine the
applicability of relevant concepts. This is where the analytical concept of structural
vulnerability will be introduced, where structure, instead of the individual or the
individual’s culture, acts as the directive from which to study the overrepresentation of
Somalis in coronavirus cases.
2.1. Race and racism in Finland
To understand better the legacy of race and racism, it is important to describe
the history of Finland, specifically in relation to colonization and slavery. Finland is not
seen as a former colonial power; it existed first under Swedish control for six centuries
and then under Russian control prior to independence. The absence of sovereignty or
a clear demarcation as an empire or a nation-state has been morphed to signify that
Finland did not partake in nor benefit from wider European colonial conquest (Rastas,
2016, p. 90). Instead, Finland, like the rest of the Nordic countries, has been theorized
to partake in what Keskinen et. al. (2009) have described as “colonial complicity.”
Colonial complicity is defined as a “situation in which the countries were neither part
of the colonial center but nor can they claim to have remained outside European
colonialism” (Keskinen, 2019, p. 164). Colonial complicity, however, implies distance,
where Finland is imagined as a low stakes player in external processes of
colonization. This is should be challenged, because historical records demonstrate
active investment and participation on part of the Finnish in the expansion of the
Swedish colonial enterprise. Finns took part in the Swedish establishment of a North
American colony (1638 to 1655), by occupying Lenape and Susquehannock land and
even worked to promulgate European behavior and religion to Native American
nations (Keskinen, 2019, p. 168). This is repeated in present-day Ghana (1650 to

15

1663) and in the Caribbean island of Saint Barthélemy (1784 to 1878) (Ekman, 1975;
Körber, 2019). Finns also acted as key players in trade relations, for example in the
Caribbean, where they transported commodities reaped by slave labor for sale in cities
like Turku. Finally, Finns conducted missionary work in present-day Namibia (1870),
which not only entrenched the colonial administration’s stronghold but also “had
effects on the views that Finnish people came to adopt about African people”
(Keskinen, 2019, p. 171). This history is influential to Finnish national identity
formation.
Equally relevant to this history is the racial categorization of Finns, specifically
under the scientific racism developed by Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus, in which the
Nordic race was situated at the apex of the racial hierarchy (Halmesvirta, 1990, p. 38).
However, the Nordic race did not include Finns. Instead, Finns were placed at the
bottom layer of the hierarchy, characterized by German race theorist Friedrich
Blumenbach as Mongolian descent and codified in close proximity to the nomadic
Roma and the indigenous Sámi (Blumenbach, 2000). This effectively placed Finns
exterior to the White race and as a part of the Asian race. Unlike the Roma or the
Sámi, Finns eventually achieved “whiteness,” or “an inclusion – albeit an ambiguous
one – into Europeanness that was coded as White” (Keskinen, 2019, p. 173). On the
mercurial nature of race as a social construct, Bonilla-Silva (1997, p. 472) explains
that “[b]ecause races are socially constructed, both the meaning and the position
assigned to races in the racial structure are always contested.” Finns were able to
obtain a different meaning and position in the racial structure, because they actively
pitted themselves as superior to other populations, in a firm engagement with
“knowledge production and politics that built hierarchical distinctions between
themselves and the… ‘lower races’ [and]... ‘cultured races’” (Keskinen, 2019, pp. 174–
176). This occurred after Finland earned independence, and the newly endowed
nation-state conjured policies of assimilation to subjugate the Sámi, through settler
colonialism (Kuokkanen, 2020), and the Roma – so as to create racialized Others that
would buttress the national identity of Finns as European and therefore white.
Europe’s self-imagination as white and Christian, which Finland aimed to achieve, has
been centuries under construction, and always in opposition to an external Other --

16

first against Jews and Moors, then against colonized Black and Indigenous persons,
and now against Muslims (Goldberg, 2006, pp. 352 & 353). As a result, non-white and
non-Christian people are relegated to zones of non-belonging. This echoes Étienne
Balibar’s (1990, p. 349) “fictive ethnicity”:
No nation possesses an ethnic basis naturally, but as social formations are
nationalized, the populations included within them, divided up among them or
dominated by them are ethnicized—that is, represented in the past or in the
future as if they formed a natural community, possessing of itself an identity of
origins, culture, and interests, which transcends individual and social
conditions.
The unnaturally produced “natural community” serves a twofold purpose. First, it
creates individuals that are recognizable in the purview of Finnishness. Salmon (2019)
explains that in addition to “production of individuals who ‘belong’,” the counterpart of
“fictive ethnicity” is “the production of individuals who do not belong; who are not
entitled to take part in the political community of a nation-state, or access the rights
given to its citizens.” The divide of Finns and non-Finns -- who belongs and who does
not belong -- is heavily predicated on anti-Black racism, or “specific practices of social
control, economic disinvestment, political marginalization, and cultural erasure
targeted at Black communities and communities of the African diaspora which are
related to, but distinct from, broader patterns of racism,” which motivated the
subjugation of the Roma and the Sámi as shown next (Addressing Anti-Black Racism,
2020).
The first African to have received Finnish citizenship is Rosa Clay, who after
her arrival in 1888 from Namibia, fell victim to racist ideology: “Crowds would follow
her when she walked down a street shouting all kinds of obscenities, calling her all
kinds of malicious and ugly names and pointing their fingers at her” (Rastas, 2014, p.
197). Local attitudes toward Clay were largely influenced by Finnish missionary
literature, through which Finnish perception of Africa and Africans, described as
“‘heathens,’” was shaped (Rastas, 2014, pp. 193 & 196). Expressions of anti-Black

17

racism, particularly aimed at African persons, that appeared in Finnish dictionaries
and newspapers preceded 1917, when Finland became a nation-state (Seikkula,
2019, p. 98). For example, the N-word was put to use for purposes of “intentional
racism” until the 1970s, after which its use decreased (Rastas, 2016, p. 93). The
derogatory classifications used to define African persons were transferred to the
Roma as well as the Sámi, so as to denote a “racial other” (Seikkula, 2019, p. 98).
Thus, race already comprised “a real category of group association and identity” in
Finland before the observable increase in immigration from 1990 onward, since a
meaning and a position have been effectually tethered to subsets of the wider
population (Bonilla-Silva, 1997, p. 472). More specifically, anti-Blackness, or the
relegation of Black people as “‘the ultimate racial other,’” acted as the foundation from
which anti-Roma and anti-Sámi discrimination materialized (Sule, 2019). Even as
early as the 2000s, blackface, where non-Black persons use makeup to imitate a
Black person’s appearance, appeared in Finnish commercials; the debate that ensued
worked to defend the practice (Seikkula, 2019, p. 98). An important development
happens in the same decade, which will be described in the next section: Islam
becomes racialized, and Muslims become equated to the “ultimate racial other[s]”
(Sule, 2019).
Despite a history in efforts of colonization, in addition to an active perpetuation
of racism, especially anti-Black racism, via policies of assimilation and processes of
knowledge production that aggrandized the position of Finns in relation to other
minorities, Finland continues to evoke racelessness. Furthermore, racism is
consistently explained to have materialized, as if in a vacuum, with the arrival of
Somalis to Finland. For example, a Finnish newspaper article from August 1998
explains, “However, it is only since the first Somalian political refugees arrived in
Finland in the early 1990s, that racist sentiments have started to be expressed in a
more open and aggressive way” (Somali Refugees Trigger Debate on Racism in
Finland, 1998). Such a claim is not only false, since it erases anti-Roma and anti-Sámi
discrimination, but it also works to position Finland as untouched by racist ideology
and serves to revision the country’s raced history. Effectively, a national imaginary is
perpetuated of Finland as raceless, even as it was found to be among the most anti-

18

Black countries in Europe as late as 2017 – a country where Somali communities face
the brunt of this racism (EU-MIDIS II, 2017). The other imaginary formed is one of a
homogenous, white country, since time immemorial, which was introduced to race and
racism via the arrival of non-white, Black, and Muslim Others in the 1990s. White
innocence arises from both conceptualizations: “a self-image that stresses being a
tolerant, small, and just ethical nation, color-blind and free of racism and that
foregrounds being a victim rather than a perpetrator of (inter)national violence”
(Wekker, 2016, p. 39). Thus, racism is always located elsewhere like in the United
States and not in Finland, which was “free of racism” until the arrival of Somalis, who
precipitated the nation’s loss of innocence (Wekker, 2016, p. 18). Before the impact
of racelessness on health inequalities is probed, it is important to situate the Somali
community, especially in relation to the divide of Finns and non-Finns as “reinforced
along lines of race and religion” (El-Tayeb, 2011, p. xxxii).
2.2. Somalis in Finland
Somalis are the first sizable population to have arrived from Africa, as asylum
seekers and refugees, to Finland. As noted earlier, Somalis also constituted the first
Black communities to have settled in Finland and also comprise the country’s second
largest Muslim population after Iraqis. The history of Somalia as a nation state is
complex. Initially a dual colony of Great Britain and Italy, or British Somaliland from
1884 and Italian Somaliland from 1889, until the second World War, Great Britain
eventually occupied Italian Somaliland in 1941 (Mölsä et al., 2010). The independence
of the Somali Republic or present-day Somalia, derived from the two former colonies,
was achieved in 1959. While the Somali Civil War remains an unfinished conflict, it
arose in resistance to former president and military general Siad Barre in 1988, and
his subsequent removal from power in 1991 further exacerbated the strife (Tiilikainen
& Koehn, 2011). The civil war effectively resulted in the forced displacement of over
one million Somalis, and roughly 5,000 to 6,000 Somalis arrived in Finland from 1990
to 1995 (Degni et al., 2006; Sotkasiira & Haverinen, 2016). The initial arrival consisted
largely of young men, but from 1993, Somali refugees arrived as a part of Finland’s
family reunification policy (Degni et al., 2006). Somali migration to Finland quadrupled

19

the number of foreign citizens, which also shifted Finland from a country of emigration
to a country of immigration (“Annual Report on Asylum and Migration,” 2008).
Presently, Somalis (20,723) constitute the fourth largest foreign population subset,
after Russians (85,534), Estonians (49,989), and Iraqis (22,336) (Tarkoma, 2019).
Somali migratory movements are inextricably bound to “an entangled history of global
exploitation, imperial oppression, and capitalist expansion,” and as will be
demonstrated in section 4.4., Finnish integration and migration policies reduce
Somalis to “potential worker[s]” and convert Somalis as “interchangeable items within
labour market demands” such as in health and social services (Rodríguez, 2018, pp.
19 & 25).
Physical and verbal assaults were directed at newly-arrived Somalis, and as a
result, Finnish discourse needed a new vocabulary to describe the violence – for
example, the term “racism” (Rastas, 2016). The first evocations of racism in Finnish
politics and media coincided with, and indeed materialized as a result of, the arrival of
Somali asylum seekers in the 1990s. However, as demonstrated earlier, race and
racism were active as opposed to dormant processes in Finland. It is more accurate
to say that the arrival of Somali asylum seekers offset processes of racialization, or
“the social process by which certain groups of people are singled out for unique
treatment on the basis of real or imagined physical characteristics,” processes that
coincide with wider European processes of racialization that devalue both Blackness
and Islam (Critical Race Theory, 2009). Processes of racialization create “difference
and displacement” as well as hierarchical statuses of “‘the normal’ and ‘the
stigmatized’”: the normal as white Finnish, the stigmatized as non-Finnish (Critical
Race Theory, 2009). In the context of Europe and thus Finland, instead of
racialization, ethnicization is used, where ethnicity comes to represent cultural identity
but is as “loaded and ambiguous” as race (El-Tayeb, 2011, p. xiii). In European Others:
Queering Ethnicity in Postnational Europe, Fatima El-Tayeb shows that the opposite
of ethnicization and racialization is a considerable investment in “whiteness” (ElTayeb, 2011, p. xxiv). As in, markers of racial difference are deployed to delineate
non-Europeans from white Europeans. Simultaneously, policies of colorblind

20

universalism are levelled, which claim the non-existence of markers that police
belonging and non-belonging.
2.2.1. Black as non-European
Somalis formed the first Black communities to have migrated to Finland, and
thus it is important to gauge what Blackness means not just globally but also in the
context of Finland. Notably, Blackness and anti-Blackness are central to Afropessimism, a branch of critical Black studies that sees the present economic, social,
and political order as “radically antiblack, as constitutively incapable of apprehending
the humanity of black people'' (Hart, 2018, p. 17). The relevance of Afro-pessimism
for Finland lies in the fact that from the position of Blackness, and with it antiBlackness, the constitutive dimensionality of various racial hierarchies and processes
of racialization becomes apprehensible. Afro-pessimists explain that anti-Black
violence is a specific form of subjection that is incomparable to the violence enacted
against other oppressed groups (Nsele, 2020). The violence enacted inimical to
Blackness has a twofold purpose: it 1) “produces the antithesis of the Human'' and 2)
“secures the coherence of what it means to be Human” (Nsele, 2020). Human here is
defined as Man, or the Western, bourgeoisie conception of Human, which came to
emerge because of race (Wynter, 2003, p. 260). The West, in an effort to disengage
with the definition of Human as it arises from the Church, mobilized race to answer
“the Heideggerian question as to the who, and the what we are” – producing
categories of Human as Man (Western, bourgeoisie, and secular) and Human Others
(Wynter, 2003, p. 264). Anti-Black violence forms a distinction that separates the
Human from the Black, as opposed to racial ideology’s distinction of the White from
the Black or other people of color. This is where anti-Black racism becomes distinct
from broader patterns of racism, since Black people are cross-contextually conscribed
to states of abject violence and ultimately, are not considered human (Hart, 2018).
Black people, who act as “the ultimate referent of the ‘racially inferior’ Human Other,”
represent the complete negation of Humanness, whereas non-Black oppressed
groups are located closer to “‘normal humanness’” in the Human and Black binary
(Wynter, 2003, p. 266). Because of this, anti-blackness not only mobilizes the Black

21

psyche but also the non-Black psyche, and therefore “organizes the unconscious of
everyone” (Nsele, 2020). Put differently, anti-Blackness is universal. Namely “the
afterlife of slavery” and its consequences of “skewed life chances, limited access to
health and education, premature death, incarceration, and impoverishment” applies
to Finland, as formulated by Saidiya Hartman (2006, pp. 5-6) to describe how “black
lives are still imperiled and devalued by a racial calculus and a political arithmetic that
were entrenched centuries ago.” The paradigm of subjection allocated to Blackness
in the country has been visible for more than twenty years: one magazine article, as
early as 1998, concluded, “Somalis are the most hated minority in Finland” (Somali
Refugees Trigger Debate on Racism in Finland, 1998).
Afro-pessimism has been (so far) theorized by African scholars in the context
of the United States and associated histories of colonization and slavery with Africa
and the Caribbean, but nonetheless, it carries relevance for Finland. To understand
why, we must turn to a commonly held conception of racism: Racism, where
populations are first classified by race and thereafter allocated differential value in
racialized social systems, is largely tied to the emergence of chattel slavery with the
transatlantic slave trade, where people of color but especially Black people were seen
as biologically inferior. When racism becomes consigned as an enduring artifact of
colonization, a country that did not command an empire can claim innocence from
racism. Similarly, people like Somalis in Finland, who were not forcefully abducted for
the transatlantic slave trade or the Middle Passage, cannot claim Blackness. Finally,
if Finland did not enslave, then it cannot be haunted by the afterlife of slavery and its
consequences. The relegation of race and, with it, Blackness, to chattel slavery and
the transatlantic slave trade must be problematized.
This is a shortcoming of the Middle Passage epistemology, as Michelle Wright
elaborates in Physics of Blackness, where race and therefore Blackness are
represented by the transatlantic slave trade: “...the Middle Passage is not a constant
for all Black communities, even for (or perhaps especially) those located in Africa”
(Wright, 2010, p. 71). For Wright (2015, p. 44), this epistemology misrepresents a
number of Black collectives, such as Black people who do not live in the United States
or the Caribbean. Therefore, to best intimate the depth of Blackness, Blackness has

22

to be seen as “a construct (implicitly or explicitly defined as a shared set of physical
and behavioral characteristics) and as phenomenological (imagined through individual
perceptions in various ways depending on the context)” (Wright, 2015, pp. 40 & 44).
If instead Blackness continues to be located in the Middle Passage epistemology, then
Blackness can only materialize in relation to the past or in relation to “white racist
obstacles” (Wright, 2015, p. 47). Effectively, Black agency becomes tethered to the
actions of others, especially white racist actions (Phiri, 2020).
The Middle Passage epistemology, also an epistemology of “white Western
linear progress” (Wright, 2015, p. 40), is witnessed across Europe. This is most visible
in relation to colonialism and colonial rule, which are not seen as influential to the
continent’s history and identity. Instead, former colonies must reckon with European
colonialism and colonial rule, while Europe is envisioned as external to these
processes – a continent that has progressed past its past (El-Tayeb, 2011, p. 13). The
same epistemology, centered on the transatlantic slave trade, serves to allocate both
colonization and racism as American instead of European problems. This occurs even
as racism’s antecessor is European feudalism, famously argued by Cedric Robinson
(1983) in Black Marxism, as opposed to the transatlantic slave trade. As in, racialism
developed first in Europe before the transatlantic slave trade. With colonialism, racism
became exported across the world, which means that “[r]acism is not an exception to
European modernity but at its very foundation” (Rodríguez, 2018, p. 21). Therefore,
portrayals of linear progress, such as that assigned to European countries like Finland,
can only occur through a “strenuous manipulation of the facts” (Wright, 2015, p. 40).
The national narrative of Finland characterizes the country “as a small country at the
margins of Europe that has faced economic hardships, wars, and struggles for
independence but nevertheless has managed to survive and prosper economically
due to the unyielding will and resilience of its people” (Keskinen, 2019, p. 179). This
narrative is whitewashed of Finnish colonial participation and racism, and effectively
visualizes Finland as innocent. So-called Finnish innocence serves a powerful
function; it levels the country as non-participant to pre-dominant discourses related to
race, but as Vuorela (2009, p. 64), writes, “Even if we were not conquerors, in these
affairs, we shared the mindset of those who effectively had been.” In the process,

23

minoritized communities like Somalis become subsumed and externalized by
continent and country-wide racelessness and its accompanying ideology of “a
monocultural/ethnic/racial/lingual nation” to which they are denied belonging
(Rodríguez, 2018, p. 18). Even as Somalia was colonized by European powers,
Somalis are seen as perpetual migrants with zero ties to Europe.
2.2.2. Muslim as non-European
Equally important in the demarcation of Somalis as non-European and thus
non-Finnish is the racialization of Islam. Somalis comprise the country’s second
largest Muslim population, which plays an important role in the discrimination that they
encounter. Before the arrival of Somalis and since the early 19th century, Finland was
home to a small Muslim minority: the Tatars. Finnish Tatars, under the Russian
occupation of Finland, were largely Othered or treated as essentially different and
inferior to Finns. They carried the same racial classification as Finns under Swedish
rule: as belonging to the Asian race. However, similar to the Finnish Roma and the
Indigenous Sámi, Tatars were antagonized so that Finland could construct a national
identity of white homogeneity: “Tatars were not only accused of dishonest business
methods but also the spread of ‘dangerous teachings’ and other suspicious activities
with political implications” (Elmgren, 2020, p. 29). Finnish Tatars were positioned as
enemies that threatened national autonomy, so as to convey “the proper place of the
Finns in power hierarchies and the improper place of others” (Elmgren, 2020, p. 37).
However, after independence from Russia, adverse depictions of Tatars in the media
slowly dissipated, which allowed Tatars to participate in Finnish civil society without
protest. Two mosques were built for the Tatars in the cities of Järvenpää and Helsinki
(Pauha & Konttori, 2020). Nowadays, Finnish Tatars, in relation to newly arrived
Muslims, “emphasize their own ethnic (Tatar), linguistic (Mishar Tatar), and religious
(Islam) identity as a unique (hence exclusive) blend, while simultaneously defining
themselves within a historical cultural minority position in Finland and as Finns”
(Martikainen, 2020, p. 38). Finnish Tatars now act as mediators between new Muslim
minorities and the state (Martikainen, 2020, p. 39). Finnish Tatars perceive
themselves as Finns, and the state recognizes them as Finns. This is largely because

24

although they were racialized initially, this categorization quickly disintegrated, since
“races are socially constructed, the meaning as well as the position assigned to them
in the racial structure is always contested” (Bonilla-Silva, 1997, p. 29). As a white
ethnic group, the meaning and position assigned to the Tatars shifted, where they
became “accepted as legitimate whites” after “brief periods of ‘not-yet white’” -- similar
to Finns themselves (Bonilla-Silva, 1997, p. 29).
While Afro-pessimism has shown that Black is the antithesis of Human as Man,
so too is Muslim an antithesis, because Human as Man is a secular conception. Under
the racialization of Islam, Muslims are seen as threats to “Man as the Rational Self
and political subject of the state” (Wynter, 2003, p. 281). Prior to arrival, anti-Blackness
influenced the processes of racialization that Finns deployed to achieve whiteness,
and thus the position of Somalis in the Finnish racial structure was predetermined. As
newly arrived Muslim immigrants, the racialization of Islam further paints Somalis as
transgressions or as “unviable (un)subjects whose positionality is incomprehensible
in the language of identity permissible in European discourses,” never close to the
acceptance or legitimization experienced by the Tatars (El-Tayeb, 2011, p. 170).
“Religion can be raced” in the sense that people are earmarked as Muslim,
when essentialized ideas about physical appearance and culture are deployed: “If the
markers of Islam (hijab, jilbaab, a Muslim name, nation of origin, etc.) are absent,
‘passing’ as a non-Muslim is possible for those without conspicuous names, accents
or dress, and those who do not ‘look like’ a Muslim (which means different things in
different places)” (Garner & Selod, 2015, p. 4). These ideas are essentialized,
because “characteristics associated with Muslims (violence, misogyny, political
allegiance/disloyalty, incompatibility with Western values, etc.) are treated as if they
are innate” and irrefutable (Garner & Selod, 2015, p. 4). Such a racialization of Islam
became evident in Finland after the so-called “migrant crisis” of 2015, when more than
ten times the number of asylum applications (>32,000) was received (Lehtinen, 2019).
The crisis was indeed a crisis of Finland’s national identity as homogenous and white,
in which colonial epistemology works to determine the insider and the outsider of the
nation (Gutiérrez Rodríguez, 2018, p. 25). As in, the citizen and the migrant binary is
influenced by processes of racialization first introduced in European colonial efforts

25

that endure to the present day, where “categorizations of ‘immigrant,’ ‘refugee,’ and
‘Muslim’ provided ground for interpretations of the threatening ‘others’ that need to be
removed from the white nation to restore its peacefulness” (Keskinen, 2014, p. 472).
This led to a significant increase in hate crimes against Muslims (from 14 in 2014 to
71 in 2015), ranging from verbal insults, threats, and harassment (Tihveräinen, 2016,
p. 11). It has since escalated to the vandalization of mosques and violent stabbings
(Bayrakli & Hafez, 2018, pp. 303 & 305).
Far-right political parties like Perussuomalaiset, who regularly submit
themselves as representatives of ordinary and vulnerable white Finns, racialize
Muslim minorities as threats. They do so, in the racelessness ideology of Finland and
wider Europe, where discrimination directed at minorities is levelled in the arenas of
cultural differences and national security in order to conserve national identity and to
secure national borders (Pettersson, 2020, p. 38). When levelled in the arenas of
cultural differences and national security, where Islam becomes incompatible with
Western values, complaints of racism can be circumvented: Perussuomalaiset “may
thus place themselves as explicit defenders of benevolent, liberal values, and because
criticism is directed at an abstract target: at Islam as a culture and ideology, not at
individual Muslims” (Pettersson, 2020, p. 38). But Perussuomalaiset is not an
aberration; the ideology of racelessness is representative of Finland as a whole, as
described earlier, and so too is the Islamophobic discourse.
The abstraction of Islam, which effectively functions to produce a supposedly
unified Europe against external fanaticism, homophobia, and misogyny, is also
explored by El-Tayeb (2011, p. xxx): “Islam at times appears as a signifier as empty
as race, ascribing a combination of naturalized cultural attributes to ‘Muslims’ that has
little to do with religious beliefs or even with being a believer.” What happens, then, if
one exists at the intersection of two empty signifiers such as race and Islam -- two
empty but loaded signifiers that serve to distinguish Europeans from non-Europeans?
What are the characteristics of power and subordination in that intersection? For
Somalis in Finland, their racialization as Black Muslims means “low educational
attainment (especially higher education), high unemployment rate, increasing number
of female-headed families, and considerable discrimination and racism” (Al-Sharmani,

26

2019, p. 67). It also means that they effectively succumb to a national, continent-wide,
and international trend of overrepresentation in coronavirus cases: “Around Europe,
statistics suggest the Somali diaspora have been more likely to catch and die from the
coronavirus than the general population” (Omar, 2020). Now that the unique structural
position of the Somali community in Finland and their subsequent devaluation has
been probed, the next two sections will focus on health inequalities generally and the
coronavirus pandemic specifically, as it relates to the community in Helsinki, Finland.
2.3. Health Inequalities in “Raceless” Finland
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development labelled the
healthcare system of Finland as “one of the most unequal in the industrial countries”
(Kangas & Kalliomaa-Puha, 2018, p. 4). Finland is a welfare state, where universal
public services are available to all; non-citizens, on the other hand, are able to access
essential emergency care. Municipalities, who can levy taxes and acquire state
subsidies, carry the foremost responsibility in healthcare provision (Mikkonen, 2012).
The National Health Insurance, under the Social Insurance Institution or Kela,
reimburses residents for prescription medicine and private provider costs (Blomgren
et al., 2012). Finland carries three forms of healthcare: municipal (or public),
occupational, and private (Mikkonen, 2012). Municipal healthcare is associated with
a lack of medical doctors and long waiting times; this service is “more common among
those with low income” (Palosuo et al., 2009, p. 4) and regularly utilized by persons
“with low financial resources and in difficult labour market positions” (Kangas &
Kalliomaa-Puha, 2018, p. 9). Occupational healthcare, as the name suggests,
accompanies employment and is associated with easy and rapid access to care and
treatment: “people with high income use more occupational health and private practice
services than those with lower income” (Palosuo et al., 2009, p. 4). Nonetheless, there
is a socioeconomic variation in access to medical treatment: 5.2 percent of low-income
earners report unmet medical needs, in comparison to 0.9 percent of high-income
earners (Kangas & Kalliomaa-Puha, 2018, p. 8). In other words, access to healthcare
becomes weakened, as a result of diminished financial resources and a precarious
position in the labor market – both of which produce a dependence on municipal

27

healthcare. Such a dependence is problematized by policies of austerity that have
diminished the capacities of municipal healthcare, which is representative of a shift
from a “‘politics of redistribution’” to a neoliberal “‘politics or responsibility’” that places
the burden of health on the individual as opposed to the state (Blomgren et al., 2012,
p. 117).
The socioeconomic variation in access to healthcare has been demonstrated
to create poor health. In a population survey of 15,468 persons, researchers for the
International Journal of Epidemiology concluded that “[c]ompared with permanent
employees, the odds for poor health were highest among the unemployed with low
incomes irrespective of adjustments, across all health indicators and in both men and
women” (Virtanen et al., 2003, p. 1015). This is also where the national imaginary of
Finland as raceless comes to head. Reports that study health inequalities in Finland
disaggregate data by men and women (Blomgren et al., 2012; Mikkonen, 2012;
Palosuo et al., 2009; Virtanen et al., 2003) or by a comparison of Finnish men and
women to Swedish speaking Finnish men and women (Hyyppä & Mäki, 2001; Paljrvi
et al., 2009; Saarela & Finnäs, 2005; Volanen et al., 2006; Wilson et al., 2020). From
these two categorizations, observed health inequalities in Finland include higher
overall mortality, higher alcohol-related mortality, and higher prevalence of chronic
illnesses like type 2 diabetes and heart disease in low-income populations, while the
Swedish speaking Finnish population reports better health than Finnish speakers. Yet,
these same inequalities are not stretched to consider the impact of race (or in the case
of Finland, foreign language), even as research shows that occupational or private
healthcare is used less by minoritized communities in Finland due to appointment
times, language, and prices (Kangas & Kalliomaa-Puha, 2018, p. 10). Moreover,
certain population health data that concerns Finland has been criticized, since “the
most vulnerable groups may be underrepresented” (Kangas & Kalliomaa-Puha, 2018,
p. 10). In addition to underrepresentation, the most vulnerable may also be rendered
invisible by data.
Michelle Bachelet, former President of Chile and current U.N. High
Commissioner for Human Rights, explains that data disaggregation by ethnicity and
race in Brazil, the United Kingdom, and the United States worked to showcase the

28

“devastating impact from COVID-19 on people of African descent.” In addition,
Bachelet said that “ [i]n many other places, we expect similar patterns are occurring,
but we are unable to say for sure, given that data by race and ethnicity is simply not
being collected or reported” (Disproportionate Impact of COVID-19 on Racial and
Ethnic Minorities, 2020). Finland, like other countries in Europe, does not collect data
by race and ethnicity -- instead deploying categorizations like country of birth, foreign
language, and sometimes religion. This “color-blind” model has been criticized: “A
Black child born in Europe to parents also born in Europe would be unseen in such
statistics” (Waldersee, 2020). As mentioned earlier, Finland regularly uses foreign
language to replace race in national statistics. Similarly, a Somali who speaks Finnish
would be unseen in data that represents them as a foreign language speaker. Or if
the data uses essentialized categories of men and women or men and women as
Finnish or Swedish speakers like detailed above, Somalis and other minorities
become invisibilized by the assimilatory model, especially in narratives of national
health inequalities or international pandemics.
Regularly, the absence of data collection by race and ethnicity in European
countries is justified by the historical memory of the Jewish Holocaust, where records
of race and ethnicity led to state persecution (Waldersee, 2020). However, as Gloria
Wekker (2016, p. 4) argues:
The memory of the Holocaust as the epitome and model of racist transgression
in Europe erases the crimes that were perpetrated against the colonized for
four centuries. This excision coincides with the representation that the history
and reality of Europe are located on the continent and that what happened in
the colonies is no constitutive part of it. This frame of mind—splitting,
displacement, in psychoanalytical terms—is still operative to this day, for
instance, in the way that the memory of World War II is conceptualized. It is the
memory of what happened in the metropole and of the many Jews who were
abducted and killed, not about what happened in the colonies at the time.
Trying to insert those memories into the general memory often meets with
hostility and rejection.

29

This particular narrative of the Holocaust means that race and ethnicity “disappear” in
the metropole after World War II, even as similar evils transpired in the colonies and
persist to the present day. Race and ethnicity become externalized, in an effort to
propagate a myth of “racial purity [of Europe] as homogeneously white” (Wekker,
2016, p. 4). Such a myth is not only false, as argued in sections 2.1. and 2.2., but it
evidently carries consequences for how population health data is reported, specifically
how population health data in an international pandemic is reported.
Internationally, it has been demonstrated that systemic racism predisposes
people to infection by coronavirus (Bentley, 2020; Gaynor & Wilson, 2020; Gravlee,
2020; Poteat et al., 2020; Singer & Rylko-bauer, 2021). In Golden Gulag: Prisons,
Surplus, Crisis, and Opposition in Globalizing California, Ruth Wilson Gilmore (2007,
p. 28) defines racism as “the state-sanctioned or extralegal production and exploitation
of group-differentiated vulnerability to premature death.” In other words, systemic
racism conditions the extent to which a community is either vulnerable or resilient in
crisis, manmade or natural. Risk factors for coronavirus include but are not limited to
1) allostatic load, 2) poor access to high-quality health care, 3) poor accommodation,
and 4) reduced access to education and employment (Rollston & Galea, 2020). One’s
position in a country’s racial hierarchy can either exacerbate or alleviate the
aforementioned risk factors. As in, risk to coronavirus related risk factors has already
been produced, pre-pandemic: “As the present pandemic demonstrates, the
inequalities of the basic conditions of the everyday – shelter and its affordances – and
expansive disadvantage determine poor health outcomes” (Team & Manderson,
2020, p. 673).
It is impossible to rely only on the “color-blind” health data produced by Finland,
because it directs attention away from processes of racialization that create differential
outcomes in health and instead toward what Wekker (2016, p. 4) termed the “myth of
racial purity” and its assimilatory pretense. Thus, this meta-ethnography of 20
qualitative studies will pay attention to systemic racism faced by the Somali community
before the pandemic, in an effort to contextualize their overrepresentation in April 2020
cases, during the pandemic. The next two sections will now shift focus to the

30

pandemic, so as to the assess the applicability of relevant research (section 2.4) and
the framework of structural vulnerability (section 2.5), which will prove to be useful to
analyze pre-coronavirus Finland.
2.4. Overview of coronavirus related research
The relationship between systemic racism and group-differentiated rates of
infection in the context of an international pandemic requires a multidisciplinary
inquiry, and several frameworks have been developed to explain the correlation:
cascades, syndemic theory, and structural vulnerability. Typical to Western
biomedicine is the individualization of health disparities, where imbalance is located
in a person’s behavior and traits, and where the role of historical and social processes
as drivers of differences in health outcomes is neglected. Thus, each framework had
been developed to disavow one dimensional inquiries of variations in population
health archetypical to clinical research, instead vying to locate these variations in
“manifold, multi-layered, and interdependent processes” and “deliberate action[s that
produce]…both anticipated and unexpected effects” (Salway & Green, 2017, p. 523).
Moreover, these frameworks attempt to disavow an additional trait of Western
biomedicine: the use of culture in relation to medicine. As a commonly espoused
concept in healthcare, cultural competence is denoted as the ability to consider and
to respect beliefs and needs of other cultures, especially as they relate to dissimilar
perceptions of health and illness. Co-authored in 1989 by Terry L. Cross et. al. in
Towards a Culturally Competent System of Care, cultural competence came to the
fore in 2002 (Thackrah & Thompson, 2013). It has since been incorporated in medical
school curricula, and emerging healthcare professionals are trained in intercultural
communication and cultural sensitivity in order to engage with diverse populations.
The Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) website hosts a section on “cultural
competence and sensitivity,” where it calls for the “provision, availability and
accessibility of services in a manner ensuring that the partly varying needs of people
with different backgrounds are taken into account” (Cultural Competence and
Sensitivity, 2020). However, in the practice of cultural competence, culture becomes
demarcated as static. It is located in the “essential differences between groups of

31

people,” and the mutability of self-identity is sidelined to instead reify these differences
(Carpenter-Song et al., 2007, p. 1363).
Such a reification has several consequences: difficulty in communication or
trepidation to follow health recommendations are quickly attributed to a patient’s
culture, and the inability to identify Western biomedicine as a cultural construct itself
arises. As a result, while cultural competence is hailed as the framework by which
underrepresented populations obtain representation in clinical encounters, culture
itself becomes “a source of problematic behavior” (Carpenter-Song et al., 2007, p.
1364). From cascades, syndemic theory, to structural vulnerability, each framework
instead emphasizes a structural competence, which contends that “variables such as
race, class, gender, and ethnicity are shaped both by interactions of two persons in a
room, and by the larger structural contexts in which their interactions take place”
(Metzl & Hansen, 2014, p. 127). Structural competence recognizes that diagnoses do
not exist in a vacuum; conceptualizations of health and illness must situate social
systems instead of “the clinical encounter as the primary site of politics” (Metzl &
Hansen, 2014, p. 132).
Pescaroli and Alexander (2016) describe cascades as disasters or hazards that
accrue vulnerabilities in critical infrastructure and sub-systems, which subsequently
result in additional crises. As in, a primary event, as a result of natural systems,
initiates a cascade. The secondary crises, which form a cascade, are a result of
human systems, such as institutions or structures responsible for emergency
response. Boni et. al. (2019, p. 3) remind that the secondary crises or cascades may
not occur immediately after the primary event but “often manifest along time (days,
weeks, months to years) and may be felt in areas that have not been physically
harmed.” While cascades afford a convenient lens that can determine the cumulative
burden of disaster, where disaster is not a one-off event but a dynamic series of events
that develop and transpire over time and space, its physicalist underpinnings render
it difficult to apply in the meta-ethnographic context of Somalis in Helsinki. The
physicalist framework, to an extent, domineers disaster analyses, as it views disaster
as an “unavoidable extreme geophysical event occurring in a nature independent of
society” (Gibb, 2018, p. 330). This conception of disaster ultimately prioritizes science

32

and technology-based solutions aimed to predict and prevent disasters, and while
cascades were formulated to contest such a conception, the theory and its offshoots
continue to place the disaster instead of vulnerability at the front line of the model. The
central emphasis of the meta-ethnography in this thesis is not the disaster, namely the
pandemic. Rather, it is the systemic racism faced by Somalis in Finland, more
specifically Helsinki, and any structural vulnerability that it may have predisposed the
community to, especially as it manifests in overrepresentation of coronavirus cases.
This is to ensure that the pandemic is not seen as an exceptional event but as a
consequence of discriminatory day-to-day life.
The second framework, syndemics, was first theorized by critical medical
anthropologist Merrill Singer in the mid-1990s. It became a prominent analytical tool
in relation to the HIV/AIDS epidemic. The biomedical approach failed to properly
explain a disease that coalesced with systemic racism and wider histories of
colonialism and imperialism to create an overrepresentation of minorities in infections
and deaths. Singer and Clair (2003, pp. 423 & 424) explain that syndemic theory
provides an explanation of sickness that departs from biomedicine, which treats
diseases as “distinct, discrete, and disjunctive entities” – more importantly, as
decontextualized entities -- that operate independently of other diseases as well as
the environments in which they occur. A syndemic arises in the adverse interaction of
multiple health conditions or epidemics, which occur simultaneously and consolidate
synergistically, to bear disadvantageous health outcomes that would not materialize
as aggressively if each condition instead operated in isolation (Willen et al., 2017).
The amplification of disease burden, produced by the synergistic interaction of health
conditions or epidemics, is not shared equally.
What makes the application of syndemic theory to the context of Finland difficult
is the non-existence of data disaggregation. Not only are clusters of the coronavirus,
if present and if shaped by race, hard to ascertain but so are interactions of the
coronavirus with other disease clusters like non-communicable diseases (and if these
other disease clusters are also shaped by race). For example, the Finnish Institute for
Health and Welfare (THL) reported the overrepresentation of foreign language
speakers in coronavirus infections, as late as December 2020 (Rantavaara, 2020b).

33

In addition, the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, a non-communicable disease, has been
observed to be considerably high in Somalis, according to the first dissertation
conducted on non-communicable disease risk factors among foreign language
speakers in Finland (Skogberg, 2019). It is important to note that even this study
observes the lack of “objectively measured data” in relation to non-communicable
disease occurrence in minorities (Skogberg, 2019, p. iii). Therefore, because such
data is published selectively and often links disease concentration exclusively to
healthy and unhealthy lifestyles, as opposed to discrimination or historical trauma, it
becomes speculative to assess disease interaction or to discern a potential double
burden of infectious disease and non-communicable disease. As a result, to better
situate the meta-ethnography of systemic racism faced by the Somali community in
Finland, more specifically in the city of Helsinki and the over-representation of Somalis
in city-level infection data in April 2020, this thesis prioritizes the analytical tool of
structural vulnerability.
2.5. Structural Vulnerability
First linked to disaster in the mid-20th century, Adger (2006) remarks that
vulnerability is typically seen in relation to susceptibility – susceptibility of systems to
adverse effects or harm. As such, vulnerability becomes equated to the stress
experienced by a system, as well as its subsequent ability to adapt from external shock
(Adger, 2006, p. 269). Before vulnerability arrived at an integrated focus on
environmental and social systems, it was assessed, separately, with two variables:
entitlements and natural hazards. A notable formulation of the entitlement approach
appeared in Poverty and Famines: An Essay on Entitlement and Deprivation by
economist Amartya Sen (1981). Sen defines entitlements as “the set of alternative
commodity bundles that a person can command in a society using the totality of rights
and opportunities that he or she faces” (Sen, 1984, p. 497). In practice of the
entitlement approach, Sen (1981) famously examined the Bengal Famine of 1943 to
demonstrate that a famine can transpire in the absence of a natural hazard.
Specifically, a famine can occur as a result of food inaccessibility, in a firm rejection
of the food-availability-decline hypothesis that associates famine to a diminished

34

availability of food. In the words of Gasper (1993, p. 2), “[m]ost people died because
they lacked definite socially sanctioned claims, effective legitimate command, over
food that was available.” Vulnerability, here, is determined by the inability to access
socially sanctioned claims over a commodity. A common critique of entitlementoriented approaches to vulnerability is that income, wealth, and other endowments,
as distributed by social systems, take precedence over risk posed by ecology or
physical systems. In contrast, a natural hazard-oriented perspective to vulnerability is
often defined in terms of physical sciences like engineering, where political
explanations of vulnerability are sidelined to prioritize management or technology that
enhances hazard mitigation (Adger, 2006, p. 271).
Accordingly, structural vulnerability differs from the above; structural
vulnerability is not a consequence of a disaster or a hazard. Rather, structural
vulnerability is a position. The term is closely related to another concept: structural
violence. Commonly accredited to Johan Galtung (1969, p. 171), who first detailed the
term in Violence, Peace, and Peace Research, structural violence is defined as
violence that is pre-assembled in a structure, often its very foundation, that then
materializes as “unequal power and consequently as unequal life chances.” Galtung
(1969, p. 173) further demarcates structural violence as “silent” and “static”: “the object
of personal violence perceives the violence, usually, and may complain – the object
of structural violence may be persuaded not to perceive this at all.” Structural violence
is a particularly useful frame of analysis in medical anthropology, because it locates
health disparities and inequities not in an individual, an individual’s behavior, nor an
individual’s culture but in wider processes of exploitation and dispossession that
determine health and illness. In terms of global public health, Paul Farmer (2003, p.
40) pioneered the application of structural violence, which he describes as “‘structured’
by historically given (and often economically driven) processes and forces that
conspire—whether through routine, ritual, or, as is more commonly the case, the hard
surfaces of life—to constrain agency.” Farmer adds that for a majority of his patients,
specifically in Haiti, economic and historic processes and forces such as colonialism
and slavery have resulted in poverty, racism, or sexism, which ultimately work to limit
choice and mobility.

35

As a concept, structural vulnerability was developed in an effort to extend
beyond the economic and political purview of structural violence and to include the
“cultural and idiosyncratic sources of physical and psychodynamic distress” as well
(Quesada et al., 2011, p. 341). In their study of Latino migrant workers in the United
States, Quesada et. al. (2011, p. 340) offer perhaps the most comprehensive
theorization of structural vulnerability:
[D]efined as a positionality that imposes physical and emotional suffering on
specific population groups and individuals in patterned ways, structural
vulnerability is a product of class-based economic exploitation and cultural,
gender/sexual, and racialized discrimination, as well as complementary
processes of depreciated subjectivity formation.
For Quesada et. al. (2011), structural vulnerability is interrelated to structural violence
because structural violence determines the extent to which an individual is structurally
vulnerable. However, Quesada et. al. (2011, p. 342) stretch previous articulations of
structural violence to pay attention to the ways in which an individual or a collective
start to incorporate an “externally generated depreciated status,” which subsequently
influences their very subjectivity – from conduct to self-perception. At the core of
structural vulnerability is a staunch critique of agency that attempts to showcase how
A) “social inequality imposes ‘risk’ on subordinated population groups” and B) “a larger
‘risk environment’ precedes individual decision-making” (Quesada et al., 2011, p.
343). This is reiterative of Bronfman et. al. (2002, p. S43), who explain that risk is often
utilized as a remark on individual behavior but “vulnerability is an indicator of social
inequity and demands responses at social and political levels.” Ultimately, Quesada
et. al. (2011, p. 344) seek to apply structural vulnerability to the clinical encounter, so
as to move past the present-day trend of medical interventions that center microbehavioral patterns that are supposedly improved through education and knowledge
or “middle class models of rational decision-making.” Their analysis of Latino migrant
workers demonstrates that economic, political, cultural, and psychodynamic insults
impart illness onto the paperless, because of their structural position as adversely

36

incorporated workers in exploitative and informal labor markets, and thus conclude
that structural vulnerability creates “shorter lives subject to a disproportionate load of
intimate suffering” (Hickey & du Toit, 2012; Quesada et al., 2011, pp. 344, 347, 351).
Because structural vulnerability does not spread equally across a population
and carries intra-population variations, it has proffered an indispensable framework
for analyses of the coronavirus pandemic. In the context of Australia, Team and
Manderson (2020) pay special attention to the numerous structures of day-to-day life
that either permit or hamper policy implementation and a population’s ability to adhere
to said policy. Specifically, they tie physical structures like “poorly ventilated, poorly
built, crowded dwellings” with social structures of governance to illustrate that
structural vulnerability is produced in the entanglement of physical and social (Team
& Manderson, 2020, p. 671). Moreover, Team and Manderson (2020, p. 673) that
structural vulnerability does not exclusively materialize in a disaster, such as a
pandemic, but in “the inequities of the basic conditions of the everyday.” The implied
contrast between the everyday and a disaster or a disruption has been problematized
extensively in most coronavirus inquiries. For example, Scambler (2020, p. 140)
defines coronavirus as a “breaching experiment” that calls attention to a “fractured
society.” As in, the pandemic has effectively disrupted social norms and order to
showcase “the salience of those norms for mundane everyday interactions”; for
Scambler (2020, pp. 140 & 141), “ordered living” in the United Kingdom under financial
capitalism and neoliberalism is a norm that requires complication. Comparably,
Sparke and Anguelov (2020, pp. 500 & 501) also tie the “long and lethal track record
of reducing life expectancy” of neoliberalism to structural vulnerability, in an effort to
politicize coronavirus as a disease.
From allostatic load, employment, housing, to chronic or metabolic conditions,
Bentley (2020, p. 2) extensively recites the abnormalities experienced by Black, Asian,
and minority ethnic (BAME) groups in the United Kingdom prior to the pandemic:
“These kinds of ‘structural violence’ are common for ethnic minorities in many northern
nations and can mostly explain inter-group susceptibility to COVID-19.” The
correlation of structural vulnerability to structural violence, as proposed by Bentley
(2020), is reiterative of Quesada et. al. (2011). Similarly, Solis et. al. (2020, p. 25)

37

attempt to associate distribution of coronavirus cases to socioeconomic structures, so
as to reveal how disparities of health arise from “structural vulnerabilities, including
inadequate access to healthy food, housing and financial insecurity, discrimination,
uncertain legal status, and others.”
Of particular relevance to this meta-ethnography is the study conducted by
Gaynor and Wilson (2020) of Cuyahoga County, Ohio and Wayne County, Michigan
in the United States, which corroborates racism as a determinant of structural
vulnerability generally and vulnerability to coronavirus specifically. Gaynor and Wilson
(2020, pp. 832 & 833) explain that socially vulnerable communities are created by
racism, as a result of “political decisions such as redlining, gentrification, and
industrialization” that are informed by enduring legacies of slavery and segregation
and consequential “poverty, poor housing conditions, and inadequate transportation”
that carry implications for a community’s ability to respond to an emergency or a
disaster:
Emergency management researchers have demonstrated that the impact of
emergency events is not random but is, rather, informed ‘by everyday patterns
of social interaction and organization, particularly the resulting stratification
paradigms which determine access to resources.’ Existing inequitable social
structures and conditions facilitate vastly different realities for more vulnerable
communities and individuals when coping with and being resilient to disaster
events.
The premise of the Gaynor and Wilson (2020, p. 834) study is to start analysis with
structural vulnerability itself, so as to assess the “baseline susceptibility of a
community to any disaster.” This is also why structural vulnerability has been chosen
as the preferred tool of investigation for the meta-ethnography. Structural vulnerability
locates everyday life as the source of a community’s susceptibility to disaster. Here,
everyday life means the “policies and practices that have, over time, allowed these
communities to remain and/or grow in this vulnerability” (Gaynor & Wilson, 2020, p.
836). The qualitative studies chosen for this meta-ethnography will discuss policies

38

and practices so as to see if they are connected to processes of racialization and if
they have made the Somali community vulnerable.

39

3. Methodology
Meta-ethnography, which synthesizes qualitative research, is a popular
methodology in health research that works to produce “comprehensive and
generalizable theory” (Atkins et al., 2008, p. 2). The meta-ethnographic synthesis
differs from aggregative methods of synthesis in that it requires “induction and
interpretation”: the researcher is persuaded “to understand and transfer ideas,
concepts, and metaphors across different studies” (Britten et al., 2002, p. 210).
Because meta-ethnographers “do not collect deeply personal, sensitive or
confidential information from participants” and rather “use publicly accessible
documents as evidence,” they are rarely asked to consult an institutional ethics board
(Suri, 2020, p. 41). Nonetheless, ethical considerations in this meta-ethnography
included “ensuring authentic representation of the viewpoints of the participants of the
original studies as expressed through the interpretive lens of the authors of those
studies” and “focusing on how the findings of individual studies intersect with their
methodological and contextual configurations” (Suri, 2020, p. 49). The multi-phase
methodology developed by George W. Noblit and R. Dwight Hare for metaethnography will be described in relation to this thesis. The phases are condensed
here as 1) intellectual interest, 2) search strategy, study selection, and qualitative
assessment, 3) analysis, and 4) synthesis. Noblit and Hare first produced and
employed the multi-phase methodology, in order to synthesize qualitative research
related to education. Ultimately, meta-ethnographies attempt to formulate new theory,
or interpretations, from the selected studies in a way that is not a mere accumulation
of results.
3.1. Intellectual Interest
The first phase asks to ascertain “an intellectual interest” that qualitative
research can apprise (Noblit & Hare, 1988, p. 26). In the case of this metaethnography, the interest lies in the following question, as explained in the
introduction: why were Somalis in Helsinki, Finland overrepresented in April 2020
coronavirus cases? Across the world, systemic racism has been linked to ill-health
generally (Paradies et al., 2015; Williams et al., 2019) and infection and death by

40

coronavirus specifically (Bentley, 2020; Gaynor & Wilson, 2020; Gravlee, 2020; Poteat
et al., 2020; Singer & Rylko-bauer, 2021). Given that a 2017 EU-MIDIS survey placed
Finland as among the most anti-Black countries in Europe, where Somalis face the
brunt of racist discrimination, has the same trend materialized in its capital city? A
precursive search of qualitative research related to Somalis in Finland demonstrated
that study focus was often limited to one sector of Finnish society, such as education
or healthcare. Thus, a need was established to create a synthesis of Somali
experiences across multiple sectors, so as to determine the nature of systemic racism
faced -- notably the presence of a “‘risk environment’” as Quesada et. al. (2011, p.
343) termed.
3.2. Search Strategy, Study Selection, and Quality Assessment
The second phase, where studies are screened to meet the initial interest,
consists of three parts: A) search strategy, B) study selection, and C) quality
assessment.
The search strategy is depicted in Figure 1 (see p. 43). Because the context of
the meta-ethnography is local, a systematic review of Finnish university library
databases was undertaken to source relevant literature. Universities included
University of Helsinki, University of Jyväskylä, University of Lapland, University of
Oulu, University of Tampere, University of Turku, University of Vaasa, and Åbo
Akademi. Search terms included “Somali,” “Finland,” and “Helsinki,” which were
further refined so that these terms would appear in the book or article title rather than
the text. The search was clarified to only provide English language studies from 1990
(the arrival of the first Somali asylum seekers to Finland) to 2020. This proffered a
total of 364 studies; 216 were duplicate results, and 146 were unique results.
For the 146 studies, two evaluations were conducted, where each study was
checked for methodology, subject matter, and relevancy before selection. Qualitative
research was prioritized over quantitative research, so that Somali experiences, as
expressed firsthand, were situated in the forefront as well as Finnish participant
perceptions of Somalis. Quantitative studies were not privileged, because as NealJackson (2018, p. 5) explained in her meta-ethnography, “quantitative studies do not

41

readily reveal the meaning making and world-views of participants in their own words.”
Second, studies were excluded on the basis of subject matter and relevancy, namely
if they did not include a contextualization of Somali experiences in a sector or sectors
of Finnish society. Additionally, studies that were peer-reviewed and studies situated
in Helsinki were given precedence. Moreover, because the purpose of the metaethnography is to gauge Somali “meaning-making and world-views,” Finnish
“meaning-making and world-views,” and the material consequences of the latter
cross-sectorally, selected studies had to represent an array of sectors within Finnish
society. These sectors include education, healthcare, housing, immigration and
integration, labor market, and law enforcement. After two evaluations with the
aforementioned inclusion criteria, a total of 18 studies were selected. These 18 results
were cross-referenced on an international database, Google Scholar, so as to ensure
that other relevant studies were not precluded. Two studies were included after a
comprehensive search on Google Scholar, before data saturation, or where the same
results appear and re-appear, was reached.

42

Figure 1: Search Strategy
364 total results
University of Helsinki – 104
University of Jyväskylä – 36
University of Lapland – 7
University of Oulu – 27
University of Tampere – 99
University of Turku – 58
University of Vaasa – 2
Åbo Akademi – 31

216 duplicates

146 eligible studies

128 excluded after two screenings
for methodology, subject matter,
and relevancy

18 selected studies
2 included after cross-comparison
and data saturation in a Google
Scholar search of 12,900 results

20 selected studies

The CASP quality assessment tool, used to conduct critical appraisal of
qualitative studies, was employed to review the 20 selected studies for quality. This is
demonstrated in Figure 2 (Sleijpen et al., 2015).

43

Figure 2. Quality Assessment
Criterion

Meets
criterion

Was the purpose and/or research question
stated clearly?
Was relevant background literature reviewed?
Was a theoretical perspective identified?
Was the process of purposeful sample selection
described?
Was sampling done until redundancy in data
was reached?
Was informed consent obtained?
Was procedural rigor used in data collection
strategies?
Were data analyses inductive?
Were findings consistent with and reflective of
data?
Was the process of decision trail and of
analyzing the data described adequately?
Did a meaningful picture emerge of the
phenomenon under study?
Were conclusions appropriate given the study
findings?

20

Does not Not
meet
addressed
criterion
-

20
20
20

-

-

1

-

19

17
20

-

3
-

20
20

-

-

20

-

-

20

-

-

20

-

-

The 20 studies passed quality assessment. They are detailed in Table 1, by
related sector, title, author(s), year of publication, research topic, participants, and
data collection.
3.3. Analysis
To refer back to Bonilla-Silva (1997, p. 474), systemic racism is defined as
“racialized social systems” that work to “allocate differential economic, political, social,
and even psychosocial rewards to groups along racial lines.” As the meta-ethnography
seeks to ascertain the nature of systemic racism faced by the Somali community,
articles were analyzed for 1) instances in which Somali participants named culture,
ethnicity, language, race or racism, and religion as the source of differential treatment
in a given sector, 2) instances in which Finnish participants referred to culture,
ethnicity, language, race or racism, and religion as the reason for differential treatment
of Somalis and subsequent denial of opportunities in a given sector, and 3) author
44

conclusions that mention culture, ethnicity, language, race or racism, and religion as
sources of differential treatment or denial of opportunities in Finnish society for
Somalis. Once the presence of processes of racialization was established, then a few
themes started to appear, specifically the material consequences of the differential
treatment.
3.4. Synthesis
In the synthesis phase, Noblit and Hare (1988, p. 28) require "making a whole
into something more than the parts alone imply.” As a result, themes that cross-cut
each study were identified, that is themes that "protect the particular, respect holism,
and enable comparison” (Noblit & Hare, 1988, p. 28). Risk factors for coronavirus
include but are not limited to 1) allostatic load, 2) poor access to high-quality health
care and poor health, 3) poor accommodation, 4) reduced access to education and
employment (Rollston & Galea, 2020). These risk factors, which are interrelated but
which materialize through unique processes, also constitute the cross-cutting themes
for this meta-ethnographic synthesis. They appeared and reappeared in the analysis
phase; they constitute the material consequences of systemic racism. Because
systemic racism produces the “policies and practices that have, over time, allowed
these communities to remain and/or grow'' in precarity, the same precarity has been
shown to predispose minority populations worldwide to infection or death by
coronavirus (Gaynor & Wilson, 2020, p. 836). The last section of the article synthesis
was situated in the context of the coronavirus pandemic via the concept of structural
vulnerability -- is there a correlation between the forms of differential treatment
observed and the risk factors for coronavirus?

45

Table 1: Description of selected studies
Related
Sector

Title

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Participants

Data Collection

Education

The Generation Inbetween: Somali
youth and schooling
in metropolitan
Helsinki

Anna
AlitolppaNiitamo

2002

Young Somalis in
the context of
formal education

N/S

Discussions,
interviews,
participant
observation

Education

Somali youth in the
context of schooling
in metropolitan
Helsinki: a
framework for
assessing variability
in education
performance

Anna
AlitolppaNiitamo

2007

Young Somalis in
the context of
formal education

18 authorities and
school staff
members, 17
Finnish teachers,
19 Somali students,
27 Somali
community
members, and two
imams

Discussions,
interviews, and
participant
observation

Education

Immigrant Children, Abdirashid A.
Educational
Ismail
Performance and
Public Policy: a
Capability Approach

2019

The difficulty in
educational
opportunities and
performance for
Finnish-Somali
students

N/A

Qualitative content
analysis of two 4
year studies:
“Transnational
Somali families in
Finland: discourses
and lived realities of
marriage” and a
research project
funded by Open
Society
Foundations

46

Related
Sector

Title

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Participants

Data Collection

Healthcare

The experiences
and perceptions of
Somalis in Finnish
primary health care
services

Fatuma Dayib

2005

Language, cultural
differences, and
racial
discrimination
against Somalis in
primary health
care services of
Helsinki
metropolitan area

6 Somali
respondents

Semi-structured
interviews with
“storytelling”

Healthcare

Changing
Conceptions of
Mental Distress
Among Somalis in
Finland

Mulki Elmi
Mölsä, Karin
Harsløf
Hjelde, and
Marja
Tiilikainen

2010

Conceptions,
expressions, and
treatment of
mental distress in
Somali

27 Somali men and
women, 2 Islamic
healers

Focus group
interviews and
individual
interviews

Healthcare

Communication and
Cultural Issues in
Providing
Reproductive
Health Care to
Immigrant Women:
Health Care
Providers’
Experiences in
Meeting Somali
Women Living in
Finland

Filio Degni,
2012
Sakari
Suominen,
Birgitta Essén,
Walid El
Ansari, Katri
VehviläinenJulkunen

Physician and
nurse
communication
with Somali
women in the
provision of
reproductive care

10 gynecologists
and obstetricians,
and 15 nurses and
midwives

Focus group
interviews and
individual
interviews with
open ended
questions

47

Related
Sector

Title

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Participants

Data Collection

Healthcare

Transforming the
Boundaries of
Health Care:
Insights from
Somali Migrants

Marja
2011
Tiilikainen and
Peter H.
Koehn

The experiences
of illness, healing,
and interactions
among Somali
migrants and their
medical providers

14 Somali care
seekers

Structured
interviews with
questionnaire

Healthcare

Reproductive and
maternity health
care services in
Finland: perceptions
and experiences of
Somali-born
immigrant women

Filio Degni,
Sakari B.
Suominen,
Walid El
Ansari, Katri
VehviläinenJulkunen, and
Birgitta Essén

2014

Experiences of
Somali women in
physician-patient
interactions when
seeking
reproductive care

70 married Somali
women (45 from
Vantaa, 22 from
Helsinki, and 13
from Turku)

Focus group
discussions through
purposeful
sampling

Healthcare

Lived experience
related to the
COVID-19
pandemic among
Arabic-, Russian-,
and Somalispeaking migrants
in Finland

Eerika Finell,
2020
Marja
Tiilikainen,
Inga
JasinskajaLahti, Nasteho
Hasan, and
Fairuz
Muthana

COVID-19 related
experiences, such
as difficulties,
fears, and
resilience, among
three migrant
groups living in
Finland

209 respondents
(76 Somali
respondents)

Inductive thematic
analysis of
telephone
interviews

Housing

Housing policy and
the ethnic mix in
Helsinki, Finland:
perceptions of city
officials and Somali
immigrants

Hanna
Dhalmann
and Katja
Vilkama

Ethnic residential
segregation in
Helsinki through
the case of
Somalis

10 social workers
and housing
officials, and 22
Somali residents in
Helsinki

Policy analysis and
open-ended
interviews

2009

48

Related
Sector

Title

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Participants

Data Collection

Housing

Explaining Ethnic
Residential
Preferences—The
Case of Somalis
and Russians in the
Helsinki
Metropolitan Area

Hanna
Dhalmann

2013

Residential
preferences of two
immigrant groups
in the Helsinki
Metropolitan Area
and ethnic
segregation
processes

24 Somali
immigrants, 26
Russian
immigrants, and 18
housing authority
personnel

In-depth interviews

Housing

The Interaction of
Local Context and
Cultural
Background:
Somalis' Perceived
Possibilities in
Nordic Capitals'
Housing Markets

Rikke
Skovgaard
Nielsen,
Emma
Holmqvist,
Hanna
Dhalmann,
and Susanne
Søholt

2015

Impact of local
context and
cultural
background on
possibilities in
housing markets
of Copenhagen,
Helsinki, Oslo, and
Stockholm for
Somali residents

56 interviews: 13 in
Copenhagen and
Oslo, and 15 in
Helsinki and
Stockholm

Semi-structured
interviews

Immigration
and
Integration

Somali Parents'
Experiences of
Bringing up
Children in Finland:
Exploring SocialCultural Change
within Migrant
Households

Filio Degni,
Seppo
Pöntinen, and
Mulki Mölsä

2006

Post-migration
establishment and
maintenance of
family structures
for Somali parents

117 married
Somalis from
Helsinki and Turku

Research survey

49

Related
Sector

Title

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Immigration
and
Integration

Civil Society
Making: Challenges
of the Somali
Diaspora
Organizations

Marja
2013
Tiilikainen and
Abdirizak
Hassan
Mohamed

Immigration
and
Integration

The Concept of
"Family" in Somalis'
Immigration to
Finland: Views from
Immigration
Officials and NGOs

Outi
Fingerroos

2016

50

Participants

Data Collection

Difficulties faced
by Somali
diaspora
organizations as
civil society actors
and as
representatives for
the Somali
diaspora

N/S

Findings of the
DIASPEACE
project, interviews
with international
non-governmental
organizations,
ethnographic
fieldwork in
Somaliland, and
observations and
discussions with
Somali associations
of the Finnish
Somalia Network

Family
reunification
processes for
Somalis travelling
from Ethiopia to
Finland, and
conflicting
conceptions of
“family”

Finnish officials
from Embassy of
Finland in Addis
Ababa and Migri,
employees of the
Finnish Red Cross,
and employees of
the Finnish
Refugee Advice
Centre and the
Finnish Refugee
Council

Ethnological
research

Related
Sector

Title

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Participants

Data Collection

Immigration
and
Integration

Battling for
Citizenship: A case
study of Somali
settlement in
Lieksa, Finland

Tiina
Sotkasiira and
Ville-Samuli
Haverinen

2016

How citizenship is
contested in
Lieska and
Somalis’ acts of
citizenship

10 Somalis and 11
officials and
representatives of
non-government
organisations

Interviews and
media materials
from national,
regional, and local
newspapers and
the Finnish
Broadcasting
Company (Yle)

Labor
Market

Ethnic
Akhlaq
discrimination
Ahmad
against secondgeneration
immigrants in hiring:
empirical evidence
from a
correspondence
test

2020

Labor market
discrimination
against secondgeneration
immigrants

N/A

Field experiment
where five fictional
applicants (of
Finnish, English,
Iraqi, Russian, and
Somali
background) sent
identical job
applications to
1000 job vacancies,
in order to gauge
discrimination

51

Related
Sector

Title

Law
Enforcement

Author(s)

Year of
Research Topic
Publication

Participants

Data Collection

An investigation into Stephen
African immigrants’ Egharevba
experiences with
the police in Finland

2005

Previous
experiences of
African immigrants
with Finnish police
and the role of
race in these
encounters

120 African
immigrants from
Turku (Nigerians,
Somalis, Kenyans,
Moroccans,
Tanzanians,
Algerians,
Zambians,
Gambians,
Senegalese,
Rwandans, and
Ghanaians)

Semi-structured
interviews with a
prepared
questionnaire

Law
Enforcement

Are Finnish police
racists? A critical
analysis of police
cadets’ attitudes
towards African
immigrants in
Finland

Stephen
Egharevba
and John
White

2005

Police cadet
interactions with
African immigrants
in Finland and the
conceptions or
misconceptions
developed

45 police cadets

Questionnaire and
SPSS statistical
analysis

Law
Enforcement

Distrust of the
Police in a Nordic
Welfare State:
Victimization,
Discrimination, and
Trust in the Police
by Russian and
Somali Minorities in
Helsinki

Juha
Kääriäinen
and Jenni
Niemi

2014

The effect of
personal
experiences of
discrimination,
insecurity, fear,
and victimization,
trust in law
enforcement

562 Russians and
484 Somalis

Three hypotheses
tested with data
from the European
Union Minorities
and Discrimination
Survey

52

4. Discussion
The 20 qualitative studies showcase one indisputable fact: Somalis in Finland,
specifically in the city of Helsinki, are racialized in that they are allocated “differential
economic, political, social, and even psychosocial rewards” on the basis of racial and
religious categorization (Bonilla-Silva, 1997, p. 474). This racialization is operative
across each represented sector: education (3 studies), healthcare (6 studies), housing
(3 studies), immigration and integration (4 studies), labor market (1 study), and law
enforcement (3 studies). In the studies analyzed, Somalis were often referred to in
non-human terms. As in, the Afro-pessimist binary of Human and Black is at play in
Finland and the capital city of Helsinki. For example, one Helsinki based school
teacher described newly arrived Somali students as “‘a swarm of flies’” (AlitolppaNiitamo, 2002, p. 282). The imagery of insects arises in another study as well: when
Somalis used a room in the Lieksa city hall to partake in the Somali affairs council, a
city council member asked for the room to be treated the pesticide so as to cleanse
the space of their presence (Sotkasiira & Haverinen, 2016). Such comparisons to
animals also produce coherence for European humanism. The Western conception of
Human, where “one can be more or less human” (Maldonado-Torres, 2017, pp. 122
& 123), is what becomes operative in the confining of Blackness to “the category of
‘animal’” (Jackson, 2020, p. 4) -- more Human as Western, civilized, bourgeoisie, and
secular, less Human as Eastern, uncivilized, poor, and religious, and finally Black as
non-human and “the living border dividing forms of life” (Jackson, 2020, p. 22). Thus,
in studies that involved interviews (approximately 17 out of 20), Somali participants
were acutely aware that their skin color and their religion, especially the devaluation
attached to Blackness and the apprehension attached to Islam, produce differential
treatment:
“‘Even if I have what is required and I am educated, but I cannot help the color
of my skin and that worries me’” (Ismail, 2019, p. 725).

53

“‘They need to understand that patients from different cultures and races are
not inferiors and not because we are different and coming from different
cultures that we are monsters’” (Degni et al., 2014, p. 360).
The devaluation also carries physical repercussions, where Somali children are
threatened at gunpoint, Somali taxi drivers are intimidated with death threats, and
agencies or organizations that offer support to Somalis are issued bomb threats
(Dhalmann, 2013; Sotkasiira & Haverinen, 2016). On the other hand, Finnish
participants were equally aware of the processes of racialization initiated against
Somalis:
“‘We can’t underestimate discrimination and racism when it comes to Somalis’”
(Ismail, 2019, p. 725).
Particularly, non-Somali Finnish participants understood that culture and
foreign language were regularly used in the place of race and ultimately served the
same insidious purpose, reiterative of Bonilla-Silva (2002, p. 43) in his theorization of
color-blind racism as avoidant of “direct racial language while expressing their racial
views”:
“‘If you don’t want to hire one [an immigrant], you would say they do not know
the language, you don’t say they have the wrong color, you understand that
you cannot say that even if you think so’” (Ismail, 2019, p. 726).
Materially, Somalis are denied access and opportunity that may be accorded
to others. In relation to the labor market, for example, Ahmed (2020, p. 665) writes
that the callback rate for job interviews correlates to “the degree of socio-cultural and
ethnic distance [from] the mainstream group.” For Somalis, this distance is
considerable, and the consequences of this distance are not limited to the labor
market but visible in every institution of Finnish society. This synthesis will take a look
at the following material consequences of systemic racism: 1) allostatic load, 3) poor

54

access to high-quality healthcare, 3) poor accommodation, and 4) reduced access to
education and employment. These surfaced, either individually but most often
simultaneously, in each selected study. These consequences are also risk factors for
coronavirus, and as it will be shown at the end of each section, systemic racism did
create the overrepresentation of Somalis in Helsinki coronavirus cases.
4.1. Allostatic Load
As the analyzed studies show, discrimination and stigmatization heavily
underline Somali experiences in Finnish society. While most Somalis are citizens or
carry residence permits to live and work in Finland, their citizenship continues to be
contested, where belonging becomes dependent on culture, foreign language,
ethnicity, race, and religion (i.e., markers of difference) as opposed to an official
demarcation of legal status (Sotkasiira & Haverinen, 2016). Since their initial arrival
as asylum seekers nearly three decades prior, Somalis were quickly delimited to a
category “onto which many Finns projected all that was inherently frightening”
(Fingerroos, 2016, p. 27). Physically, this translates as allostatic load. If discrimination
and stigmatization are pervasive, as evidenced in the case of Somalis that reside in
Finland, they pose a detrimental effect on health: “...cumulative exposure to chronic
stressors such as discrimination in the context of overall racial disadvantage leads to
accelerated physiological aging” (Van Dyke et al., 2020, p. 317) and “cumulative
physiologic dysregulation, leading to an eventual increase in allostatic load as well as
an increase in premature morbidity and mortality from chronic diseases” (Duru et al.,
2012, p. 90).
Each of the 20 qualitative studies showcase a host of chronic stressors
imposed on Somalis in Finland. Broad chronic stressors include "name calling,
intimidating staring, episodes of being treated with disrespect by locals or local
authorities” (Sotkasiira & Haverinen, 2016, p. 117); “racial attacks and feelings of
rejection in Finnish society” as everyday life (Dhalmann, 2013, p. 400); “[societal]
mistrust towards the Somali diaspora, its capacity, representativeness, and aims,
including increasing fears related to possible radicalization” (Tiilikainen & Mohamed,
2013, p. 40); and “unemployment, integration problems, changes in gender and

55

elderly roles, parenting problems, family conflicts, the loss of social support, isolation
and loneliness, in addition to language and cultural barriers” (Mölsä et al., 2010, p.
287). These exist beside the chronic stressors faced by first-generation adults,
children, and families in the aftermath of the Civil War in Somalia: “separation and
loss, disruption of socialization, and traumatic experiences” (Alitolppa-Niitamo, 2004,
p. 87). Notably, there is a Somali word, buufis or “to be filled with air,” that also denotes
the cumulative stressors that have been studied to exacerbate allostatic load: “Buufis
has come to express the anxiety, sadness, and distress that follows a long wait for
migration and resettlement, and also affects families in Finland” (Mölsä et al., 2010,
p. 286).
Even though none of the 20 qualitative studies mention allostatic load as a
concept, they proffer an exhaustive account of pre-migration and post-migration
stressors which work in conjunction to produce the physiological weathering of the
body. One Somali participant does not name allostatic load specifically, but describes
the troublesome effect of chronic stressors in the next excerpt:
“‘I believe that we and the Finns are the same and have the same rights.
Whether you have citizenship or not does not matter. You tend to think that you
have rights in the country. You live here. But they do not receive you the same
way as Finns. Whenever they see you, their faces change tremendously. You
can notice it visibly. Then you get frightened and feel anxious. And you feel that
these people despise you. Your health is not a priority to them’” (Dayib, 2005,
p. 53).
Even if allostatic load is not addressed, the impact of chronic stressors on health is
thoroughly observed in the majority of the selected studies. Somalis report a
deterioration of mental health and an increase in mental illnesses (Mölsä et al., 2010).
This deterioration also applies to general health, where “Somali participants felt that
their quality of life was deteriorating in Finnish society due to everyday racism” (Dayib,
2005, p. 42).

56

One notable source of stress, which is largely understudied in Finland and has
been shown to negatively correlate with minority health, includes discriminatory
interactions with law enforcement. Harassment and routine unwarranted searches by
the police, experienced personally or stories of similar experiences faced by family,
friends, or community, are linked to increased allostatic load (Alang et al., 2017).
When African immigrants were interviewed in relation to police-community tension,
they detailed three sources of grief with officers: “(1) being unfairly accused of traffic
offences; (2) unjustified stop and search while taking a walk; (3) police discourtesy
(for example being treated rudely or impolitely and being ignored while at the police
station)” (Egharevba, 2005, p. 54). In one instance with an alleged traffic offense, a
police officer approached a participant with the N-word (Egharevba, 2005, p. 55). A
complementary study showcased racist beliefs held by Finnish police cadets, where
31 percent of respondents to a questionnaire agreed that “African immigrants commit
more crime in Finland than it is generally perceived” (Egharevba & White, 2007, p.
24). Specifically, Somalis report less trust in the police, because they encounter
inappropriate behavior with the police more frequently than other minorities
(Kääriäinen & Niemi, 2014). Furthermore, an additional study, which was not included
in this specific meta-ethnography since its scope was more extensive than Somalis in
Helsinki, shows that “respondents from Somali backgrounds are approximately four
times more likely to know other young people who have been stopped by the police”
for reasons they consider “illegitimate” (Keskinen et al., 2018, p. 101). Such repeated
harassment becomes internalized as physical ailment, described here by Alang et. al.
(2017, p. 663):
“When faced with a threat, the body produces hormones and other signals that
turn on the systems that are necessary for survival in the short term. These
changes include accelerated heart rate and increased respiratory rate. But
when the threat becomes reoccurring and persistent—as is the case with police
brutality—the survival process becomes dangerous and causes rapid wear and
tear on body organs and elevated allostatic load. Deterioration of organs and
systems caused by increased allostatic load...can lead to conditions such as

57

diabetes, stroke, ulcers, cognitive impairment, autoimmune disorders,
accelerated aging, and death.”
In summation, whenever one qualitative study focused on racism exacted on
Somalis in Finland or in the city of Helsinki, they also provided a clear picture of the
chronic stress produced -- even if they did not explicitly refer to the physical toll of the
discrimination. Racism is cross-sectoral; as in, it is routinized. Hartman (1997, p. 4)
shows that the enduring effects of colonialism and slavery are evident beyond the
“shocking and terrible.” In fact, it is within “the terror of the mundane and quotidian”
that racism enacts its violence (Hartman, 1997, p. 4). In city schools, principals refuse
to meet with Somali parents, unless it happened “‘over [his or her] dead body’”
(Alitolppa-Niitamo, 2004, p. 96); in city hospitals, nurses mock Somali mothers for
large households, “‘bye-bye and see you again next year’” remarked one nurse to a
mother who recently gave birth (Degni et al., 2014, p. 360); in city housing, Somali
families experience the “‘aggressions and bad feelings’” of xenophobic neighbors
(Dhalmann & Vilkama, 2009, p. 436); in the labor market, Somalis constitute the “least
desirable candidates” (Ahmed, 2020, p. 676); in the Finnish press, Somalis are
painted as thieves of taxpayer money, associated with terrorism, and become
visualized as security threats or as threats to “an imagined Finnishness” (Fingerroos,
2016, p. 32). Even as late as 2010, the increase of Somali residents in a Finnish town
also meant an increase in racist violence (Sotkasiira & Haverinen, 2016).
Elsewhere in the world, systemic racism has been studied to move minorities
toward death, as it wears and tears one’s body to demise (Paradies et al., 2015;
Williams et al., 2019). In the case of the coronavirus pandemic, a reason that was not
provided by city officials nor Somali community representatives but is also a risk factor
for the disease, is systemic racism. Systemic racism creates overrepresentation in
non-telework sectors and overcrowded apartments, but it produces ill-health on its
own as well. This occurs especially through allostatic load, and increased allostatic
load is indeed a risk factor for infection by the coronavirus: “High allostatic load scores
are consistently associated with increased all-cause mortality in adults. Individuals
from lower-income communities, with higher allostatic loads, can reasonably be

58

expected to have an impaired immune response to novel pathogens such as SARSCoV-2” (Dasco et al., 2020). Increased allostatic load in Somalis is once again created
by the society that they inhabit, as demonstrated by the extensive data recounted in
the 20 qualitative studies selected.
4.2. Poor Access to High-Quality Healthcare
Systemic racism, in the form of anti-Blackness and Islamophobia, encumber
access to high-quality care for the Somali community in Finland generally and Helsinki
specifically. Finnish law (No. 785/1992) explains:
“The patient has a right to good quality health care and medical care. The care
of the patient has to be arranged so and he/she shall also otherwise be treated
so that his/her human dignity is not violated and that his/her conviction and
privacy is respected. The mother tongue, individual needs, and culture of the
patient have to be taken into account as far as possible in his/her care and
other treatment” (Act on the Status and Rights of Patients, 1992, p. 2).
In practice, as explored in the selected qualitative studies, processes of racialization
regularly compromise the quality of healthcare received by Somali patients and
ultimately work to undermine the dignity of the same patients, who upon their arrival
in Finland were labelled as “problematic patient groups” (Degni et al., 2012, p. 339).
First and foremost, as income is a determinant of health in Finland, the rampant
unemployment (again because of systemic racism, which will be further explored in
section 4.4.) in the Somali community produces a dependence on municipal (or public)
healthcare. Policies of austerity have created underfunded municipal healthcare
systems across the country. Several weeks or months may transpire before an
appointment in non-emergencies, and as experienced doctors leave for private
practice, “‘inexperienced’ and ‘inefficient’ doctors” are left to operate municipal health
centers (Dutton, 2016). A director of the European Observatory on Health Systems
and Policies even remarked that "in some health centres, patients with non-

59

emergency cases have to wait in a queue for a few weeks to see a doctor” (“Report:
Fragmentation Weakening the Finnish Healthcare System,” 2019).
The diminished quality of municipal healthcare is most evident in the availability
of medical interpreters, and if one is available, they typically lack the required
qualifications to serve as an interpreter. In several of the studies, doctors explain that
the people often employed as interpreters do not speak fluent Finnish or Swedish or
do not know the proper terminology to describe medical prescriptions, and thus are
unable to facilitate doctor-patient communication. One female physician expressed,
“‘We are frustrated because of the interpreters’ poor knowledge of Finnish or inability
to translate our words correctly to the [Somali] women. We believe that the women
were not getting the right information’” (Degni et al., 2012, p. 334). Municipal health
centers receive federal funds to employ qualified interpreters (Dayib, 2005). However,
Somali patients have complained that in some cases, there are no interpreters
present. As a remedy, Somali patients may use their children as interpreters, since
their rights as patients, specifically where their mother tongue must be accommodated
“as far as possible,” are weakened (Act on the Status and Rights of Patients, 1992;
Degni et al., 2012). As a result, doctors regularly attribute communication issues and
bad interpreters as the reason for poor healthcare provision described by the Somali
community.
On the other hand, Somali patients across studies offer systemic racism as an
alternative explanation for poor healthcare provision. For example, doctors explain
that a Somali woman is likely to reject the services of a male gynecologist, because
her religion dictates that she cannot speak of her menstruation with a male figure that
is not her husband. The same doctors then decry Somali culture as incompatible with
Finland: “Somali women should understand that if they are going to live in Finland,
they have to accept medical services provided by male physicians” (Degni et al., 2012,
p. 337). Male gynecologists explain that they either feel insulted or humiliated. These
emotions, like insult and humiliation, and directives, like “they have to accept,” must
be contextualized. Finnish law dictates freedom of choice. As in, Somali patients have
the right to choose his or her medical provider, and to consent to or deny the medical
services offered as well (Health Care in Finland, 2013). Nonetheless, a physician

60

remarked that Somali women must accept services that they are not comfortable with,
whereas male gynecologists are insulted and humiliated by a Somali woman that
exercises what is within her right as a patient. Since Somali culture is made
synonymous with the religion of Islam and because Islam is regularly constructed as
the antithesis of a secular West with its “universally valid values and norms,” it
becomes the entitlement of the Westerner as “‘more advanced’” to enlighten Muslims,
who are situated “‘outside the civilized world’” (Creutz-Kämppi, 2008, pp. 301 & 302).
In such a context, the physician will feel justified to offer a conditional like the above:
if the Somali woman wants to live in Finland, she has to violate her religious norms.
Here, an “assimilationist dream” is also at play, where “the great well-intentioned, post
Enlightenment, liberal discourse of assimilation came to reveal its dark side: that we
could all belong to one ‘family of man’ provided you became more and more like us”
(Hall, 2017, p. 88). The inverse would be that if she continues to choose to practice
Islam with its “uncivilized” values and norms, then she does not deserve to be in
Finland according to nationalists. Similarly, the insult and humiliation felt by the male
gynecologists seems, in this context, to be an insult and a humiliation of Western
modernity: a practitioner of a religion labelled as "hierarchically subordinate to
'Western hegemony'" has denied advanced, Western services in the name of a
backwards religion (Creutz-Kämppi, 2008, p. 305). This racialization is readily
witnessed by patients, and one participant even noted that:
“‘It wasn’t due to misunderstanding or language problems. I manage with my
Finnish language skills pretty well. I don’t need an interpreter. It was because
of racism or due to the hate that they have for us. That is what I feel. They don’t
do this to their own people’” (Dayib, 2005, p. 60).
Thus, while the underfunded nature of municipal healthcare produces an
absence or shortage of interpreters to facilitate communication, to locate poor
healthcare received by the Somali community in issues with communication is only a
partial analysis. Often, Somali patients describe municipal health centers with
suspicion; systemic racism has created differential treatment in other sectors in

61

addition to healthcare, and because they experience being treated with an antagonism
that is not levelled at white Finnish patients, they report increased hesitance to trust
service providers. They may even travel to nearby European countries to receive
better healthcare, in order to escape Finnish health care, which for Somali patients is
marked by a “lack of compassion, rudeness, and insensitivity” (Dayib, 2005, p. 51).
Importantly, one study mentioned the “urban myths” prevalent in Somali
communities that further erode patient trust:
“There are urban myths in Somali communities about how they are used as
guinea pigs in hospitals, how Finnish health care providers are trying to limit
the number of children by sterilizing women without informing them, and how
some Somali children have been poisoned because of the hatred service
providers have for Somalis” (Dayib, 2005, p. 53).
What is unmistakable in the urban myths described is that they seem to describe fears
induced by what Finnish municipal officials present as real policies. In 2015, a City of
Helsinki official called for the forced sterilization of immigrant African men "'to avoid
total collapse'" of welfare provision: "Three children maximum. It would require the
forced sterilization of African men, which will effectively discourage them from
trundling into our country” (“Finnish Politician Suggests Sterilizing African Immigrants,”
2016).
Beyond this specific politician, Finland, a former ally of Nazi Germany, has
historically engaged in measures of forced sterilization; Finnish doctors even studied
in German universities (Broberg & Roll-Hansen, 2005, p. 201). Forced sterilization in
Finland was aimed to ensure that advancements in Finnish culture were not erased,
because of "the ever increasing incidence of mental illnesses, feeblemindedness, and
mental degeneracy" of people seen as "degenerate" (Broberg & Roll-Hansen, 2005,
p. 204). In a broader context, Nazi practices of racial hygiene that influenced Finland
were in turn motivated by American and British colonialism and racism in addition to
the German-led genocide of the Herero people of Southern Africa from 1904 to 1907
(Haas, 2008). Nazi racial hygiene was largely predicated on anti-Black racism, where

62

after the first World War, the Nazi regime capitalized on “the fear among the German
populace that occupying African troops and their Afro-German children would lead to
‘bastardization’ of the German people” and “extended this mind-set to a variety of
‘unworthy” groups’” to enforce sterilization laws and eventually extermination camps
(Haas, 2008, p. 332). Anti-Black medical practices and sentiments persist in colonial
societies to this day, such as in France where the head of an intensive care unit in
Paris suggested to test potential coronavirus vaccines on Africans (Finnan, 2020), and
in the United Kingdom where Black women are more likely to experience pregnancy
complications, miscarriage, and stillbirth because “Black women’s ‘cries’ for help are
routinely unheard, unseen, and misunderstood” (Haye, 2020). The latter is mimicked
in the Finnish context, where women of African origin, especially Somali women,
experience the highest perinatal mortality rates in Finland. Somali women also
experience “a significant risk of low birth weight and small for gestational age
newborns,” which may contribute to the fear of poisoned children (Malin & Gissler,
2009, p. 1). Moreover, fear of forced sterilization is also shared across the diaspora,
as seen in Somali women in Kenya, who fear that cesarean sections may lead to
infertility (Lowe, 2019). All in all, even if there is no evidence that these “urban myths”
have transpired or transpire in Finland, the myths seem to be rooted in the adverse
and often deadly treatment of Black people by white medicine.
Yet, medical racism has not been extensively studied in Finland. But it is
spoken of, for example by Helsinki based Doctors Hibo A. and Ibrahim A. on
Instagram. In one post, they mention the discriminatory classification of pain as
“‘cultural pain.’” When patients with a foreign background may express pain strongly,
and when this pain is seen as a “cultural” expression, and if the culture in consideration
is seen as inferior as in the case of Somali patients, healthcare practitioners may “think
that it is not genuinely a matter requiring treatment” (A. & A., 2021). This seems to be
described by two female participants in the same study, where they are in unbearable
pain but do not receive effective treatment (Dayib, 2005, pp. 50 & 51):
“‘Personally, I went there to get relief from my tooth pain...for the pain to
stop...for my teeth to be normal and for me to be able to eat with them. What I

63

experienced was that I didn’t get any relief from these problems. They received
me well. They do that. But they didn’t care for my pain. Be it the pain in my
hand or the pain in my teeth.’”
“‘I have had backaches for a long time which had me visiting the health care
center frequently. I even saw my doctor who sent me to the X-ray department.
But then, you think, the pain is endless and that they are not trying to find the
reason. Why? They say everything is okay but the pain is there.’”
As explained in section 2.1., racism is central to Finland, and Finland is an active
participant in an anti-Black world. Finnish conceptions of Black people as “‘heathens’”
are dated to pre-independence, but post-independence Finland also shares equally
negative conceptions of Black people, from practices of blackface to the regular use
of the N-word in official documents (Rastas, 2014, p. 193, 2016). One cannot
conclusively say that the two participants were neglected, as a result of “cultural pain.”
But one can argue that the processes of racialization present in Finland can
perpetuate similar stereotypes that have the potential to play out in the clinical
encounter. In effect, diminished access to high-quality healthcare starts at labor
market discrimination, where lack of work also means lack of access to funded private
care instead of underfunded municipal care. This coalesces with anti-Black racism
and Islamophobia, where doctors and nurses become hostile with Somali patients,
and results in a justified distrust of service provision by the Somali community.
This distrust carries consequences during the coronavirus pandemic. In the
study related to lived experiences of the pandemic for Arabic, Russian, and Somali
migrants in Finland, one Somali interviewee was “was worried about suffering
discrimination due to poor language skills when seeking help” (Finell et al., 2020, p.
14). Another Somali interviewee expressed critique of Finnish media, after the
publicization of Somali overrepresentation in April 2020 coronavirus cases:
“‘Sometimes I feel like the media puts Somalis in a bad light, and this makes me sad’”
(Finell et al., 2020, p. 12). The same study showed that several Arabic and Somali
participants “could not receive information directly from the authorities because they

64

did not understand Finnish news reports or announcements,” which resulted in further
skepticism of the ability of Finnish authorities to provide information and support (Finell
et al., 2020, p. 8).
This particular study, however, concluded that out of the migrant groups
interviewed, “Somali speakers were the least critical of the Finnish authorities’ ability
to manage the crisis, and many reported that the authorities tried to do their best and
helped them” (Finell et al., 2020, p. 14). However, it is important to note that the
majority of Somali interviewees chosen for the study were over 49 years of age. This
is pointed out, because first generation migrants typically trust public institutions more
than second generation migrants, as explained in another study related to law
enforcement:
“The fact that first-generation immigrants have a lot of negative experiences
related to the public institutions of their country of origin, and, correspondingly,
they may have overly optimistic expectations of the institutions in their new
home country. Second-generation immigrants lack this comparison with the
other country’s conditions, and their personal experiences of poor social
standing lower their level of trust in public institutions” (Kääriäinen & Niemi,
2014, p. 20).
Because second generation migrants were not represented in this study, and with a
total of two engagements with the word ‘racism,’ it becomes incomplete to say that as
a whole, Somali speakers trust Finnish authorities and now see themselves as “as an
active agent in Finnish society” (Finell et al., 2020, p. 11). In addition, first generation
immigrants, who may have felt a more intense pressure to assimilate, experience antiBlack racism and Islamophobia differently than second generation immigrants. The
conclusion of the study can be easily refuted, for example, by the case of Keyse
Abdifatah, a Somali teenager who was stabbed 8 times and died (“Two White Finn
Suspects Held in Police Custody for Somali Finn Youth Death,” 2020). This occurred
in late April 2020, soon after the Mayor of Helsinki held a press conference on Somali
overrepresentation in coronavirus cases. In a letter to Migrant Tales, a Finnish Somali

65

woman wrote, “The roots of this tragedy go back to when the mayor of Helsinki [Jan
Vapaavuori] labeled the Somalis [on April 14] as those spreading coronavirus”
(Tessieri, 2020). The police, however, explained that the “preliminary investigation has
not revealed any motive for the act” (Calvar, 2020). Motivated or unmotivated, the nonhuman status attributed to Somalis, labelled as threats since arrival, has only
exacerbated since the community has been linked to excess coronavirus cases.
Therefore, the murder of the Somali teenager acts as an explicit example of how
“gratuitous violence ‘against Blacks’ lives’ is necessary ‘to actually produce the insideoutside [of civil society]’” (Von Gleich, 2017, p. 2) – where such acts of unwarranted
violence delineate who belongs and who does not, who is Human and who is the
Other, and works to produce coherence for the reproduction of “White civil society”
(Wilderson III, 2010, p. 81).
4.3. Poor Accommodation
In terms of household composition, the Othering experienced by Somalis in
Finland is codified in law. For example, Section 37 of the Finnish Aliens Act describes
what constitutes a family by establishing “a family member as a person who is in an
officially recognized conjugal relationship with or is the guardian or ward of the person
in question” (Fingerroos, 2016, p. 30). A nuclear family, which consists of two parents
and their offspring, is established as the normative definition of family. Because
Somalis in Finland diverge from the normative definition, they face considerable
difficulty in city housing markets. Somali families are typically larger, and in addition
to parents and offspring, grandparents, grandchildren, uncles, aunts, cousins, foster
children, and close friends often live under the same roof and account for
multigenerational households (Tiilikainen & Mohamed,

2013). Even before

opportunities in city housing markets, the definition of family as nuclear is first policed
at national borders. Section 37 of the Finnish Aliens Act determines who can and who
cannot apply for family reunification, and who can and cannot be offered access to the
country. One study showed that Finnish immigration authorities devalue Somali
household composition, and accompanying policies “are founded on particular,
morally charged understandings of how family members and a decent family life

66

should be defined” (Fingerroos, 2016, p. 33). In effect, Somali families are rendered
“suspicious ‘others’ not only in a religious sense but also racially and ethnically”
(Fingerroos, 2016, p. 33).
Upon arrival (if residence is secured), this translates as numerous family
members living in compact spaces. In one study, conducted on what it means to raise
a family in Finland as Somali, a participant explained, “There is not space for
everybody. In this country, they do not build big houses with several rooms because
families are small” (Degni et al., 2006, p. 8). In Somalia, to birth several children is
viewed as “an honor,” but the same action is seen negatively in Finland. Another
participant in the same study said,
“‘In Somalia, bringing up several children is a respect for the woman. In Finland,
it is shameful to have several children and I found it humiliating when Finns are
looking at me or other Somali parents in the bus or in the metro, because they
are irritated to see Somali women with several children’” (Degni et al., 2006, p.
10).
This occurs, even as Finnish family composition as nuclear is a recent advent. Before
the mid-twentieth century, when the nuclear family became cemented as norm,
Finnish families resembled Somali families: “Households often consisted of several
generations, hired hands, and maidservants as well as other workers and dependents
who were not necessarily related by blood or marriage to the male head of the
household” (Fingerroos, 2016, p. 31). From the Somali definition of family as extended
and patrilineal, to the number of children that they choose to birth, they are seen as
violators of the norms that now comprise Finnish national identity. This is not to reify
Somalis as backwards, but to problematize the codification of the nuclear family:
“The heteronormative, nuclear family form has been privileged and protected
by...public policies and practices, and persists as a primary vehicle for persons
to be visible and eligible for material benefits under the auspices of the state.
This arrangement is problematic in that individuals and relationships that exist

67

outside the family’s designated bounds are at risk of being deemed
undesirable, ‘unworthy of societal support’ and even pathological” (Peterson,
2011, pp. 2–3).
This undesirability is seen especially in perceptions of Somali families as threats.
Here, the threat must be contextualized in terms of the discourse around Great
Replacement

Theory

that

explains

“white

European

population

is

being

demographically and culturally replaced with non-European people through mass
migration” (“Supo: Far-Right Terror Threat Increasing in Finland,” 2021). Particularly,
the theory has seen a recent increase in popularity within far-right Finnish circles.
Conceptualized as threats to the white Finnish population, Somali families become
sidelined in attempts to acquire “material benefits under the auspices of the state.”
In the city of Helsinki, Somalis are heavily segregated; more than half of the
residential areas in the Helsinki metropolitan area do not house Somali inhabitants
(Dhalmann & Vilkama, 2009). This segregation is not self-induced or voluntary, where
Somalis seek to form ethnic enclaves, as believed by City of Helsinki authorities
(Dhalmann, 2013). Rather, they experience discrimination that works to constrict
options for residence and later mobility. Because of differential treatment in the labor
market and subsequent dependence on social welfare, Somali households are
concentrated in city council estates, also known as social housing. As of 2010, over
80 percent live in social housing (Vaattovaara et al., 2010). As of 2015, 1 percent are
homeowners (Skovgaard Nielsen et al., 2015). Because of Somali family sizes, they
are labelled as undesirable residents that “disturb their neighbors” (Dhalmann, 2013,
p. 399). In one study, social workers confirmed that “new council estates [with larger
apartments] are not allocated to immigrant households,” while Somali interviewees
explain that they are “shepherded into certain areas and housing estates that are less
desirable to the native population” (Dhalmann & Vilkama, 2009, pp. 431 & 435). The
same differential treatment in the labor market also means reduced financial
resources and diminished opportunities to afford apartments that can accommodate
several family members; this also explains the underrepresentation of Somali
homeownership.

68

In addition to the discrimination and prejudicial behavior of city council estate
supervisors, the flats are often too small. In a comparative study of Somali housing
possibilities in Copenhagen, Oslo, Stockholm, and Helsinki, housing conditions in
Helsinki were criticized as “overcrowded” (Skovgaard Nielsen et al., 2015, p. 441).
Furthermore, council houses were described in one study as being “in poor condition,”
which produced airway infections and respiratory complaints in Somali children
(Dayib, 2005, p. 46). Unfortunately, city housing continues to act as a safe option for
Somali families, because of the unregulated nature of private rental markets. One
participant explained the preferential behavior of private proprietors and real estate
agents, “‘I don’t want to go anymore to the showings of private rental flats, since I don’t
have any chance. Frankly, it is Finns first. That’s why I haven’t got anything’”
(Skovgaard Nielsen et al., 2015, p. 443).
Equally, Somali participants have observed hostility and describe “a decline in
the service provision and upkeep of the neighborhood,” once more and more
immigrants are allocated housing in a neighborhood (Dhalmann, 2013, p. 399). This
is confirmed in another study related to healthcare, where participants describe a
similar decline of services over time (Dayib, 2005). They have also observed the
relocation of white Finnish residents (also known as white flight) upon the increased
arrival of non-Finns to a neighborhood, and the white Finns that remain partake in
“racial harassment” (Dhalmann & Vilkama, 2009, p. 434). Racial harassment also
dictates Somali residential patterns, because fear of racism dissuades Somalis from
certain areas. As one participant explains,
“‘It is the feeling of security when you live near some other foreigner. You feel
that you are somehow protected. Some Finns can be very racist, you know.
Maybe you haven’t done anything to them, but they just attack you or
something. That’s why, you feel more comfortable when there are also other
foreigners in your neighborhood’” (Dhalmann, 2013, p. 400).
Fear of racism, described in section 4.1., is a chronic stressor that negatively affects
health. Summarily, Somali residents do not have the same housing possibilities as

69

majority Finns. An array of doorkeepers, from city authorities, private landlords, and
racist neighbors, materialize and effectively limit access to more suitable
accommodations.
All in all, overcrowded apartments are also an imposed reality for Somalis.
From arrival three decades prior to the present day, Somali families, in their very
composition, transgress the Finnish definition of family as nuclear and as legitimized
in law. This means that they are demarcated either as “disturbing neighbors”
(Dhalmann, 2013, p. 399) or as “threats to an imagined Finnishness” (Fingerroos,
2016, p. 32), which adversely impacts chances in both city housing and private rental
markets, where they are ultimately deprioritized. This, in Afro-pessimist thought, is a
form of social death, where the Black person is:
“natally alienated, which is to say that the temporality of one’s life that is
manifest in filial and afilial relations—the capacity to have families and the
capacity to have associative relations—may exist very well in your head. You
might say, ‘I have a father, I have a mother,’ but, in point of fact, the world does
not recognize or incorporate your filial relations into its understanding of family.
And the reason that the world can do this goes back to point number one:
because you exist in a regime of violence which is gratuitous, open, and you
are openly vulnerable to everyone else” (Wilderson III, 2017, p. 18).
As argued above, the Finnish society does not recognize nor incorporate Somali
family and household compositions, because their racialization as Black, which serves
as the antithesis of Human, and as Muslims, which serves as the antithesis of
European humanism, leaves Somalis “openly vulnerable to everyone else.” This is
made more evident by some Somali families who report respiratory illness in children,
because of the crowded and poor conditions in which they are housed (Dayib, 2005).
Furthermore, rampant unemployment as a result of racism and diminished financial
resources as a result of rampant unemployment curbs the ability to acquire
homeownership. Poor conditions in accommodation are another risk factor for
coronavirus; coronavirus spreads easily in overcrowded apartments, and apartments

70

in poor conditions produce illnesses like asthma that places a person at increased risk
for coronavirus.
4.4. Reduced Access to Education and Employment
Finland is frequently applauded on the international forum for the quality of
education that it provides (Colagrossi, 2018). However, immigrant students fare worse
than native students. The results of the Programme for International Student
Assessment (PISA) study for 2012 and 2015 indicate a wide native-immigrant
achievement gap in mathematics, reading, and science (“Discrimination behind
Migrant Students’ Poor Performance,” 2020). This correlates to fewer immigrants with
university degrees: the European Commission showed that only 27 percent of
immigrants held Finnish university degrees in 2017, the worst statistic in comparison
to other Nordic countries (“Discrimination behind Migrant Students’ Poor
Performance,” 2020). In Helsinki, only 25 percent of the immigrant population was
represented at the university level (Population with Foreign Background in Helsinki,
2021). In this context, Somali students perform less than other minorities and dropout
at higher rates from school (Ismail, 2019). National statistics for 2015 show that only
49 Somali students were enrolled in undergraduate (32), graduate (10), or
postgraduate

programs

(7)

(Education

Statistics

Finland,

n.d.).

This

underachievement can be explained by systemic racism.
In addition to traumatic experiences prior to arrival in Finland, which undermine
the healthy development of a child and later educational performance, Finnish school
curriculum was described in selected studies as one that did not provide “culturally
sensitive school material, teaching techniques, and educational contents” that would
better support a non-native student. “Catching up with the formal curriculum, which
represented Finnish hegemonic conceptions of valued, important and necessary
knowledge, remained a real challenge” for the Somali student (Alitolppa-Niitamo,
2002, p. 284, 2004, p. 96). Furthermore, the lack of interpreters in the early days also
meant a delayed apprehension of Finnish and Swedish, the official languages of
instruction. Interpersonally, Somali students did not have many close friends and

71

faced bullying as well as physical violence (Somali Refugees Trigger Debate on
Racism in Finland, 1998).
Besides racism from students, principals and teachers engaged in differential
treatment. There are documented instances in studies of principals who refused to
cooperate with Somali parents, which resulted in entire schools that refused to
accommodate Somali students. For example, some teachers described the “restless
behavior of Somali students'' as “horrifying,” and worked to reify differences in culture,
ethnicity, and language and construct Somali students “as exotic and strange”
(Alitolppa-Niitamo, 2002, p. 282, 2004, p. 88). Some teachers refused to reprimand
the racist remarks levelled by other students, while other teachers expressed racist
remarks openly. A participant to one of the studies, a Somali parent, explained, “‘It
has happened that a teacher asks his students, ‘How is it possible that an immigrant
child receives these grades but you can’t?’” (Ismail, 2019, p. 726). Afro-pessimism
shows that “the intractability of racism lies in its hidden and unspeakable terror,” rather
than “the liberal ethos [that] looks at racism as ignorance, something characteristic of
the individual that can be solved at a social level through education and democratic
procedure” (Martinot & Sexton, 2017, pp. 61–62). Here, those that are tasked to
educate Somalis about the democratic procedure are the ones that perpetuate racism.
Effectively, the responsibilities of the host society become sidelined to place the
burden of socialization on Somali students and parents, who are expected to
successfully traverse these hostile environments.
The discrimination, harassment, and prejudice faced in the school translates
as reduced access to and fewer opportunities in the labor market. The increased
professionalization, a “process of giving an occupation, activity, or group professional
qualities, typically by increasing training or raising required qualifications,” of Finnish
society

means

(Professionalization,

reduced
n.d.).

opportunities
Entry-level

for

lesser

occupations

now

educated

persons

require

extensive

qualifications, and less education in the wake of de-industrialization can mean
unemployment and a weakened socioeconomic status. Given that Somali student
experiences in school are marred by racism, this pattern also carries to the labor
market, where Somali applicants, distinguished by their name, become “the least

72

desirable candidates”: “Findings show that having a ‘wrong’ name carries a significant
labor-market penalty for immigrant job seekers even when they possess identical
human-capital credentials as the mainstream candidate” (Ahmad, 2020, pp. 675 &
676). Finnish employers demonstrate that “non-European immigrant applications” are
their last priority in the callback phase (Ahmad, 2020, p. 676). For Somali job
applicants, callback rates are at a mere 9.9 percent, the lowest in comparison to other
minority candidates and Finnish candidates (Ahmad, 2020, p. 676). Somali applicants
who are educated at the same level as white Finnish counterparts also face
considerable barriers in employment. Even if a Somali applicant were to have two
years more experience than the Finnish candidate, they are shown to have a mere 5
percent chance of a callback interview (Ahmad, 2020, p. 675). This means that, in an
effort to remedy the discrimination and source income, non-native applicants start to
use co-ethnic networks to find employment that then direct job seekers to low-pay
positions in underserved labor market sectors (Ahmad, 2020, p. 677).
As described in early sections, unemployment or precarious employment can
mean poor quality healthcare and thus poor health in addition to unsuitable
accommodation. Reasons provided by Somali community representatives and later
by health officials for Somali overrepresentation of coronavirus cases included
overcrowded apartments and employment in positions that did not permit telework,
such as in care and service sectors. Neither reason is self-induced, but intentionally
created by Finnish society. When employment statistics of foreign background
persons in Helsinki are examined, it shows that half of the persons employed are
concentrated in “administration and support services, health or social care services,
accommodation and food services or wholesale and retail trade” (Population with
Foreign Background in Helsinki, 2021). This data is not subdivided by race, thus it is
difficult to say which racialized subsets are represented in this specific statistic.
However, a report by the Open Society Foundations explains that “Somali men
typically work in the transport and storage sectors, whereas Somali women are often
employed in health and social services. Both men and women also work in technical
and support service activities” (Somalis in Helsinki, 2013, pp. 64 & 65). Especially in
health and social services, this is once again intentional, as state policies direct

73

unemployed migrants to the care sector irrespective of past education, experiences,
and interests.
In the case of Somali women, it starts at the level of education. Teachers
paternalize Somali female students: because they are from “‘caring immigrant
cultures,’” they should then “apply for practical nurse training and become care
workers,” even as the same teacher may devalue reproductive work undertaken by
the same student at home as “effecting the future of her student” (Kurki et al., 2019,
p. 335). Otherwise, provided the extensive discrimination levelled at members of the
Somali community that deteriorates quality of education, lessens access to full-time
employment, and restricts social mobility, it is safe to assume that they are
represented in the aforementioned statistic and are concentrated in non-telework
positions that pay menially. Labelled “essential workers” worldwide, non-telework
positions are predominately reserved for members of minoritized communities, often
asylum seekers, refugees, and migrants who are reduced from personhood and seen
instead as potential workers (Rodríguez, 2018, p. 15). As in, they are “essential” in
that they provide services “essential” to citizens but are otherwise un-essential and
treated as “interchangeable items within labor market demands” (Rodríguez, 2018, p.
15). Non-telework positions are also a risk factor for coronavirus. Employees are
exposed to the virus in their very work, because they are not afforded the same
opportunity to social distance as offered in desked positions.

74

5. Conclusion
The analysis and synthesis of the 20 qualitative studies demonstrates that
systemic racism is operative in Finland and has produced several material
consequences for the Somali community. This is observable across each represented
sector: education, healthcare, housing, immigration and integration, labor market, and
law enforcement. From increased allostatic load, poor access to quality healthcare,
poor accommodation, and reduced access to education and employment, Somalis are
deprioritized and devalued by “a racial calculus and a political arithmetic” of antiblackness and Islamophobia (Hartman, 2006, p. 5). This racial calculus produces
differential treatment in the individual, interpersonal, sectoral, and systemic level. As
the

coronavirus

pandemic

unfolded

in

Helsinki,

Finland,

Somalis

were

overrepresented in cases for their share of the city population. Because structural
vulnerability as theorized by Quesada et. al. (2011, p. 341) is a positionality, where
vulnerability is “produced by his or her location in a hierarchical social order and its
diverse networks of power relationships and effects,” then the meta-ethnographic
analysis and synthesis have made clear that Somalis are currently one of the
communities at the bottom of the hierarchical social order in Finland. From this
depreciated position, Somalis are made structurally vulnerable in moments of crisis
like an international pandemic. Gaynor and Wilson (2020, p. 832) write that “socially
vulnerable communities are created.” This is true, because as shown in earlier
sections, Finland created the socially vulnerable community of Somali persons.
Everyday processes of racialization, perpetuated by doctors, nurses, principals,
teachers, classmates, neighbors, housing officials, private landlords, real estate
agents, potential employers, and police officers, has worked to create structural
vulnerability to “a disproportionate load of intimate suffering” (Quesada et al., 2011, p.
351).
Effectively, each of the risk factors to coronavirus is created by systemic
racism. Each risk factor is also a material consequence of systemic racism. Thus, so
too is risk created by systemic racism. This is another tenant of structural vulnerability,
where “the ways social inequality imposes ‘risk’ on subordinated population groups”
is recognized to create “a larger ‘risk environment’” that counters individual agency

75

and decision making (Quesada et al., 2011, p. 343). Members of the Somali
community, especially in the city of Helsinki, were pre-placed in positions of
dependency and precarity that they cannot easily escape. As in, they are marked by
risk, which cannot be remedied by national health directives that focus on “the microbehaviors of individuals” like social distance (Quesada et al., 2011, p. 344). The
inability to social distance is not an individual or a communal failure but a systemic
failure in the case of Somalis in Helsinki. Thus, “we are not all at equal risk” for the
disease and that coronavirus “is decidedly a racialized disease” (Poteat et al., 2020,
p. 4). If processes of racialization “allocate differential economic, political, social, and
even psychosocial rewards to groups along racial lines,” then coronavirus as a
racialized disease also infects “along racial lines” (Bonilla-Silva, 1997, p. 474). In
Finland, where “Somalis are the most hated minority” and constitute the bottom of the
ethnic hierarchy because of anti-Black racism and Islamophobia, there is a definitive
link between systemic racism and the structural vulnerability of the community to
coronavirus (Somali Refugees Trigger Debate on Racism in Finland, 1998).
This research and the accompanying conclusion exist in stark comparison to
how the City of Helsinki and more largely Finland have approached the pandemic.
Even as foreign language speakers now represent over 30 percent of new coronavirus
cases as late as March 2021, both the city and the country have yet to name systemic
racism as a causal factor (“Third of New Covid Cases among Foreign Language
Speakers,” 2021). When apolitical explanations are levelled, in which non-telework
positions and overcrowded accommodation are presented as reasons for said
overrepresentation but severed from the historical and present-day processes that
produce each, important information becomes occluded. With the help of Afropessimism, where from the purview of Blackness, the constitutive dimensionality of
various racial hierarchies and processes of racialization like Islamophobia is offered
nuance, this research demonstrates that racism is routinized in Finland. As in, the
routinized racism carries adverse consequences in terms of who suffers
disproportionately in a crisis or disaster. However, while the coronavirus may
constitute a crisis or disaster, it is the “the terror of the mundane and quotidian” of pre-

76

coronavirus Finland that has worked to produce and then exacerbate inequalities in
health (Hartman, 1997, p. 4).
This research also differs from other studies in social sciences and health
sciences in Finland, because it did not choose to analyze health disparities with
culture, which is constructed as static and comes to represent “essential differences
between groups of people” (Carpenter-Song et al., 2007, p. 1363). This research
started from race and racism and was able to offer a structural explanation for health
disparities that move beyond the individual and the individual’s markers of difference.
Nonetheless, limitations included the colorblind ideology of Finnish health statistics,
which did not offer a clear picture of the state of minority health in the country. This is
once more seen in the City of Helsinki’s coronavirus statistics, which only codify cases
by postal code. Thus, while this research shows that systemic racism paved a
coherent path for the pandemic to follow, where it coalesces with the previous patterns
of anti-Black discrimination in addition to Islamophobia to produce infection and to
reproduce structural violence, the adherence to racelessness obscures the full impact
of the pandemic on minoritized communities like Somalis in Finland.

•••••

77

6. Author’s Reflections
“The function, the very serious function of racism is distraction. It keeps you
from doing your work. It keeps you explaining, over and over again, your reason
for being. Somebody says you have no language and you spend twenty years
proving that you do. Somebody says your head isn’t shaped properly so you
have scientists working on the fact that it is. Somebody says you have no art,
so you dredge that up. Somebody says you have no kingdoms, so you dredge
that up. None of this is necessary. There will always be one more thing”
– Toni Morrison (Herron, 2019).
When I presented on the inclusiveness of the City of Helsinki’s coronavirus
recovery efforts as a part of my traineeship in Helsinki from September to December
2020, I explained that Somalis face systemic racism in city services. One coworker
responded, “That is quite the claim. Can you back it up?” I was confused, because I
felt that I had “backed it up.” Undeniably, that one question shifted the focus of my
entire thesis. I wanted to prove that systemic racism existed. As a person of color,
systemic racism is perceptible everywhere, but my subjective experiences do not hold
any authority in predominately white spaces like a unit in the City of Helsinki or Åbo
Akademi University. I had to approach this “objectively.” Therefore, as a woman of
color, aware of associated stereotypes of anger and hystericity, I chose to not use “I”
at any point in my argumentation. I did not want any distraction from my main research
questions: how does systemic racism operate in Helsinki, Finland, and has this
created a structural vulnerability to infection by coronavirus in Somali communities? I
did not want to explain again and again that yes, it does exist, and of course, it carries
consequences for those that are racialized.
More broadly, the question posed by a coworker is indicative of Finland’s
relationship with racism as a whole. Finland does not see race. Since I came to study
at Åbo Akademi University, I have encountered numerous peers and professors who
contest the use of “race” and ask that I instead opt for “culture” or “ethnicity.” All three
terms serve the same function, but because race is seen as loaded with histories of

78

Nazism (of which Finland was once a supporter), I have to elide any reference to race.
Race is often elided in academic texts and completely elided in official texts. This has
led to innumerable frustrations in the process of this thesis, because what I was
effectively attempting to make clear was “the historical and conceptual predication of
racism’s meanings upon the political objections to” (Hesse, 2014, p. 141). For
example, one frustration that stalled this thesis for the entire month of December was
the Finnish measurement of health inequalities. I searched and searched to find some
data that clearly shows the state of minority health, but I was left with studies that
visualized the entire population as Finnish men and women or as men and women as
Finnish speakers and Swedish speakers. I was stunned by the feverish commitment
to color-blind ideology, because a quick search of the term “Somali” in Helsingin
Sanomat or Yle shows rather quickly the Otherhood attributed to Somalis and other
migrants. It seemed the only place where Somalis and other minorities are classified
as “Finnish” is at the level of official health statistics. Elsewhere, they are perpetually
reminded of their status as outsiders.
The theoretical framework of Afro-pessimism and its analysis of anti-Blackness
informed this study, precisely because distance from Blackness equals a proximity to
Humanness. I want to quote Sexton in full here:
“Black existence does not represent the total reality of the racial formation — it
is not the beginning and the end of the story — but it does relate to the totality;
it indicates the (repressed) truth of the political and economic system. That is
to say, the whole range of positions within the racial formation is most fully
understood from this vantage point, not unlike the way in which the range of
gender and sexual variance under patriarchal and heteronormative regimes is
most fully understood through lenses that are feminist and queer. What is lost
for the study of black existence in the proposal for a decentered, ‘postblack’
paradigm is a proper analysis of the true scale and nature of black suffering
and of the struggles — political, aesthetic, intellectual, and so on — that have
sought to transform and undo it. What is lost for the study of nonblack nonwhite

79

existence is a proper analysis of the true scale and nature of its material and
symbolic power relative to the category of blackness” (Sexton, 2010, p. 48).
I centered Blackness not only because Somalis are racialized as Black but also
because “the whole range of positions within the racial formation is most fully
understood from this vantage point” (Sexton, 2010, p. 48). Anti-Blackness is the very
foundation that sustains racism. As an Indian American in Finland, my distance from
Blackness has meant easier access to employment, healthcare, and housing. As in, I
am materially rewarded for this distance. Because I spent my formative years in
America, I could only see one frame of analysis to interpret the structural position of
Somalis – that of race and Blackness. But, when my thesis advisor reminded that the
Other is also the Muslim in Europe, I started to engage with more European
researchers to better situate Somalis as Black Muslims. The minute I read and
incorporated Fatima El-Tayeb or Gloria Wekker, I felt that my research became much
clearer, because whiteness not only produces coherence through anti-Blackness but
also through Islamophobia.
I chose meta-ethnography, because there existed a tremendous amount of
work done by Somali researchers and other researchers that contextualizes the
position of Somalis relative to the Finnish racial formation. Because my focus was not
on the moment of crisis or disaster, i.e., the pandemic, but on the discrimination in
day-to-day life that exacerbates moments of crisis and disaster, I did not see a need
to act as a primary researcher who is also an outsider to the community, when this
research had been conducted, often by insiders to the community. The answers to my
research questions quite literally lay in the studies, sometimes they were said so
straightforwardly that little interpretation was required. This offered validation, but then
again, it created frustration. If the answers are there, and they have been studied for
three decades, why did Helsinki city officials and national media not name systemic
racism as the reason behind Somali overrepresentation of coronavirus cases?
Notably, I came back to one question repeatedly: why does a person of color
have to engage in the work of naming racism and its functions? Why is the psychic
burden of race placed on the shoulders of those racialized as non-white to explain that

80

processes of racialization are indeed underway? It is a rhetorical question, because I
know why. In numerous moments, nonetheless, I wanted to desperately escape this
burden. One of my peers spoke of a Finnish student who wrote their thesis on
houseplants, and I was perplexed. Because it was self-evident from the moment that
I chose this Master’s program that my thesis will be political. I too would like to
research houseplants, but again, the burden of race that I encounter everyday did not
permit that leeway. Maybe it did, but I did not see it. In conclusion, I want this thesis
to be a reference for anytime someone is asked of the existence of systemic racism
in Finland. Ideally, I would not want any other person of color to have to re-explain the
existence of systemic racism in this country, to be distracted from more important
work. Unfortunately, it will likely happen again and again, until this system is abolished.

81

7. Works Cited
Academics: Outdated structures, discrimination behind migrant students’ poor
performance in Finland. (2020, July 5). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/academics_outdated_structures_discrimination
_behind_migrant_students_poor_performance_in_finland/11434180
Act on the Status and Rights of Patients, (1992).
https://finlex.fi/en/laki/kaannokset/1992/en19920785_20120690.pdf
Addressing anti-Black racism: Black and African diaspora community
recommendations. (2020).
Adger, W. N. (2006). Vulnerability. Global Environmental Change, 16(3), 268–281.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.gloenvcha.2006.02.006
A., H. & A., I. [@laakarit.hibo.ibrahim]. (2021, January 25). Tänään käsittelemme
erittäin laaja ja tärkeätä aihette, jota ei voi kerralla katta. Niinpä aloitamme nyt
ensin perusasioista. Jos kysmyksiä herää. [Photograph]. Instagram.
https://www.instagram.com/p/CKebc31hye0/
Ahmad, A. (2020). Ethnic discrimination against second-generation immigrants in
hiring: empirical evidence from a correspondence test. European Societies,
22(5), 659–681. https://doi.org/10.1080/14616696.2020.1822536
Ahmed, A. (2020, April 17). The “Father of Environmental Justice” on Why He Isn’t
Surprised by COVID-19 Health Disparities. Texas Monthly.
https://www.texasmonthly.com/news/father-environmental-justice-coronavirus/
Al-Sharmani, M. (2019). A mosque programme for the wellbeing of Muslim families.
In M. Tiilikainen, M. Al-Sharmani, & S. Mustasaari (Eds.), Wellbeing of
Transnational Muslim Families (pp. 59–77). Routledge.
https://doi.org/10.4324/9781315231976
Alang, S., McAlpine, D., McCreedy, E., & Hardeman, R. (2017). Police Brutality and
Black Health: Setting the Agenda for Public Health Scholars. American Journal
of Public Health, 107(5), 662–665. https://doi.org/10.2105/AJPH.2017.303691
Alitolppa-Niitamo, A. (2002). The Generation In-between: Somali youth and
schooling in metropolitan Helsinki. Intercultural Education, 13(3), 275–290.
https://doi.org/10.1080/1467598022000008350
Alitolppa-Niitamo, A. (2004). Somali Youth in the context of schooling in metropolitan
Helsinki: A framework for assessing variability in educational performance.
Journal of Ethnic and Migration Studies, 30(1), 81–106.
https://doi.org/10.1080/1369183032000170187
Atkins, S., Lewin, S., Smith, H., Engel, M., Fretheim, A., & Volmink, J. (2008).
Conducting a meta-ethnography of qualitative literature: Lessons learnt. BMC
Medical Research Methodology, 8, 1–10. https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2288-821
Bad Data Collection For COVID-19 Cases Has An Impact On The Government’s
Failure To Issue Policies. (2020, December 4). Voi.
https://voi.id/en/bernas/21928/bad-data-collection-for-covid-19-cases-has-animpact-on-the-governments-failure-to-issue-policies
Balibar, E. (1990). The Nation Form: History and Ideology. Review (Fernand Braudel
Center), 13(3), 329–361.
Bayrakli, E., & Hafez, F. (2018). European Islamophobia Report.
82

http://www.islamophobiaeurope.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/FINLAND.pdf
Being Black in the EU: Second European Union Minorities Discrimination Survey.
(2018). In European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights.
https://doi.org/10.2811/791339
Bejerot, S. (2020, March 19). The burning building. BMJ.
https://www.bmj.com/content/368/bmj.m1101/rr-10
Bentley, G. R. (2020). Don’t blame the BAME: Ethnic and structural inequalities in
susceptibilities to COVID-19. American Journal of Human Biology, 32(5), 1–5.
https://doi.org/10.1002/ajhb.23478
Bivand Erdal, M., Aden, H., Tellander, E., Ducran Valland, T., Sandvik, K. B., &
Borchgrevink, K. (2020, April 6). Migrants and COVID-19 in Norway: Five
Reflections on Skewed Impacts. Peace Research Institute Oslo.
https://blogs.prio.org/2020/04/migrants-and-covid-19-in-norway-five-reflectionson-skewed-impacts/
Blomgren, J., Hiilamo, H., Kangas, O., & Niemelä, M. (2012). Growing Inequalities
and Their Impacts in Finland. In GINI.
Blumenbach, J. F. (2000). On the Natural Variety of Mankind. In R. Bernasconi & T.
L. Lott (Eds.), The Idea of Race (pp. 27–37). Hackett Publishing Company.
Boni, M. P., Menoni, S., & Pergalani, F. (2019). Domino and cascading effects in
complex events and territorial contexts. Bollettino Di Geofiscia Teorica Ed
Applicata, 1–16. https://doi.org/10.4430/bgta0317
Bonilla-Silva, E. (1997). Rethinking racism: Toward a structural interpretation.
American Sociological Review, 62(3), 465–480. https://doi.org/10.2307/2657316
Bonilla-Silva, E. (2002). The Linguistics of Color Blind Racism: How to Talk Nasty
about Blacks without Sounding “Racist.” Critical Sociology, 28(1–2), 41–64.
https://doi.org/10.1177/08969205020280010501
Britten, N., Campbell, R., Pope, C., Donovan, J., Morgan, M., & Pill, R. (2002). Using
meta ethnography to synthesise qualitative research: a worked example.
Journal of Health Services Research & Policy, 7(4), 209–215.
Broberg, G., & Roll-Hansen, N. (2005). Eugenics and the Welfare State: Norway,
Sweden, Denmark, and Finland. Michigan State University Press.
Bronfman, M. N., Leyva, R., Negroni, M. J., & Rueda, C. M. (2002). Mobile
populations and HIV/AIDS in Central America and Mexico: Research for action.
Aids, 16(SUPPL. 3), 42–49. https://doi.org/10.1097/00002030-20021200300007
Calvar, C. (2020, May 7). One arrested for stabbing a Somali boy in Kannelmäki
station released. Foreigner. https://www.foreigner.fi/articulo/national/one-of-theyouths-arrested-for-stabbing-somali-boy-in-kannelmakireleased/20200507185705005695.html
Carpenter-Song, E. A., Schwallie, M. N., & Longhofer, J. (2007). Cultural
Competence Reexamined: Critique and Directions for the Future. Psychiatric
Services, 58(10), 1362–1365. https://doi.org/10.1176/appi.ps.58.10.1362
City councillor: Somali community Covid-19 infections “a class issue.” (2020, April
14). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/city_councillor_somali_community_covid19_infections_a_class_issue/11305572

83

Colagrossi, M. (2018, September 10). 10 reasons why Finalnd’s education system is
the best in the world. Big Think. https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2018/09/10reasons-why-finlands-education-system-is-the-best-in-the-world
Confirmed coronavirus cases (COVID-19) in Finland. (2021). THL.
https://experience.arcgis.com/experience/92e9bb33fac744c9a084381fc35aa3c7
Coronavirus updates from Helsinki. (2021). Helsingin Kaupunki.
https://www.hel.fi/helsinki/coronavirus-en/social-and-health/corona-situation
Creutz-Kämppi, K. (2008). The Othering of Islam in a European Context: Polarizing
Discourses in Swedish-Language Dailies in Finland. Nordicom Review, 29(2),
295–308. https://www.nordicom.gu.se/sites/default/files/kapitel-pdf/269_creutzkamppi.pdf
Critical Race Theory. (2009). York University. http://www.yorku.ca/lfoster/200910/HRES3890/lectures/RACIALIZATION_CRITICALRACETHEORY.htm
Cultural competence and sensitivity. (2020). THL. https://thl.fi/en/web/migration-andcultural-diversity/support-material/good-practices/cultural-competence-andcultural-sensitivity
Dasco, M., McArthur, K., & Dasco, C. (2020, July 13). Opinion: Coronavirus
Pandemic Highlights Dangers of Health Disparities. The Scientist.
https://www.the-scientist.com/critic-at-large/opinion-coronavirus-pandemichighlights-dangers-of-health-disparities-67718
Dayib, F. (2005). The experiences and perceptions of Somalis in Finnish primary
health care services. In K. Clarke (Ed.), The Problematics of Well-being:
Experiences and Expectations of Migrants and New Finns in the Finnish
Welfare State (pp. 21–76). University of Tampere.
Degni, F., Pöntinen, S., & Mölsä, M. (2006). Somali parents’ experiences of bringing
up children in Finland: Exploring social-cultural change within migrant
households. Forum Qualitative Sozialforschung, 7(3).
https://doi.org/10.17169/fqs-7.3.139
Degni, F., Suominen, S., Essén, B., El Ansari, W., & Vehviläinen-Julkunen, K.
(2012). Communication and cultural issues in providing reproductive health care
to immigrant women: Health care providers’ experiences in meeting Somali
women living in Finland. Journal of Immigrant and Minority Health, 14(2), 330–
343. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10903-011-9465-6
Degni, F., Suominen, S., El Ansari, W., Vehviläinen-Julkunen, K., & Essen, B.
(2014). Reproductive and maternity health care services in Finland: Perceptions
and experiences of Somali-born immigrant women. Ethnicity and Health, 19(3),
348–366. https://doi.org/10.1080/13557858.2013.797567
Dhalmann, H. (2013). Explaining Ethnic Residential Preferences-The Case of
Somalis and Russians in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area. Housing Studies,
28(3), 389–408. https://doi.org/10.1080/02673037.2013.759178
Dhalmann, H., & Vilkama, K. (2009). Housing policy and the ethnic mix in Helsinki,
Finland: Perceptions of city officials and Somali immigrants. Journal of Housing
and the Built Environment, 24(4), 423–439. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10901-0099159-8
Disproportionate impact of COVID-19 on racial and ethnic minorities needs to be
urgently addressed – Bachelet. (2020). United Nations Human Rights: Office of

84

the High Commissioner.
https://www.ohchr.org/FR/NewsEvents/Pages/DisplayNews.aspx?NewsID=259
16&LangID=F
Duru, O. K., Harawa, N. T., Kermah, D., & Norris, K. C. (2012). Allostatic load
burden and racial disparities in mortality. Journal of the National Medical
Association, 104(1–2), 89–95. https://doi.org/10.1016/s0027-9684(15)30120-6
Dutton, E. (2016). Why is Finland’s healthcare system failing my family? The
Guardian. https://www.theguardian.com/society/2016/feb/23/finland-healthsystem-failing-welfare-state-high-taxes
Education Statistics Finland. (n.d.). Vipunen. Retrieved March 21, 2021, from
https://vipunen.fi/en-gb
Egede, L. E., & Walker, R. J. (2010). Structural Racism, Social Risk Factors, and
Covid-19 — A Dangerous Convergence for Black Americans. The New England
Journal of Medicine, 1–3. https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMp2023616
Egharevba, S. (2005). An Investigation into African Immigrants’ Experiences with the
Police in Finland. International Journal of Police Science & Management, 7(1),
44–61. https://doi.org/10.1350/ijps.7.1.44.63486
Egharevba, S., & White, J. (2007). Are Finnish Police Racists? A Critical Analysis of
Police Cadets’ Attitudes towards African Immigrants in Finland. International
Journal of Police Science & Management, 9(1), 14–35.
https://doi.org/10.1350/ijps.2007.9.1.14
Ekman, E. (1975). Sweden, the Slave Trade, and Slavery, 1784-1847. Revue
Française d’Histoire d’Outre-Mer, 221–231.
El-Tayeb, F. (2011). European Others: Queering Ethnicity in Postnational Europe.
University of Minnesota Press.
Elmgren, A. (2020). Visual Stereotypes of Tatars in the Finnish Press from the
1880s to the 1910s. Studia Orientalia Electronica, 8(2), 25–39.
https://doi.org/10.23993/store.82942
European Migration Network Annual Report on Asylum and Migration. (2008). In
Finnish Immigration Service.
European Union Minorities and Discrimination Survey (EU-MIDIS). (2010).
https://doi.org/10.2811/88055
Farmer, P. (2003). Pathologies of Power: Health, Human Rights, and the New War
on the Poor. University of California Press.
Farmer, P. (2009). On Suffering and Structural Violence: A View from Below.
Race/Ethnicity: Multidisciplinary Global Contexts, 3(1), 11–28.
Fernando, M. (2019). Critique as Care. Critical Times, 2(1), 13–22.
https://doi.org/10.1215/26410478-7769726
Finell, E., Tiilikainen, M., Jasinskaja-Lahti, I., Hasan, N., & Muthana, F. (2020). Lived
experience related to the COVID-19 pandemic among Arabic-, Russian- and
Somali-speaking migrants in Finland. PsyArXiv.
https://doi.org/10.31234/osf.io/q2v7r
Fingerroos, O. (2016). The concept of “family” in somalis’ immigr ation to Finland:
Views from immigration officials and NGOs. Ethnologia Europaea, 46(1), 25–39.
https://doi.org/10.16995/ee.1175
Finland among most racist countries in EU, study says. (2018, November 11). Yle.

85

https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/finland_among_most_racist_countries_in_eu_s
tudy_says/10531670
Finland announces March shutdown. (2021, February 2). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/finland_announces_march_shutdown/1180883
5
Finnan, D. (2020, April 3). French medical experts slammed over “racist” comments
on Covid-19 testing in Africa. RFI. https://www.rfi.fr/en/africa/20200403-frenchmedical-experts-caught-slammed-over-racist-comments-on-covid-19-testing-inafrica
Finnish politician suggests sterilizing African immigrants “to avoid total collapse” in
Helsinki. (2016, May 28). RT. https://www.rt.com/news/262757-finnish-politiciansterilising-immigrants/
Frankenberg, R. (1993). White Women, Race Matters: The Social Construction of
Whiteness. University of Minnesota Press.
Galtung, J. (1969). Violence, peace, and peace research. Journal of Peace
Research, 6(3), 167–191.
Garner, S., & Selod, S. (2015). The Racialization of Muslims: Empirical Studies of
Islamophobia. Critical Sociology, 41(1), 9–19.
https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.1177/0896920514531606
Gasper, D. (1993). Entitlements Analysis: Relating Concepts and Contexts.
Development and Change, 24(4), 679–718. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.14677660.1993.tb00501.x
Gaynor, T. S., & Wilson, M. E. (2020). Social Vulnerability and Equity: The
Disproportionate Impact of COVID-19. Public Administration Review, 80(5),
832–838. https://doi.org/10.1111/puar.13264
Gibb, C. (2018). A critical analysis of vulnerability. International Journal of Disaster
Risk Reduction, 28, 327–334. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ijdrr.2017.11.007
Goldberg, D. (2006). Racial Europeanization. Ethnic and Racial Studies, 29(2), 331–
364. https://doi.org/10.1080/01419870500465611
Goldberg, D. (2009). The Threat of Race: Reflections on Racial Neoliberalism.
Blackwell Publishing.
Gov’t lifts state of emergency in Finland, further relaxing coronavirus restrictions.
(2020, June 15). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/govt_lifts_state_of_emergency_in_finland_furth
er_relaxing_coronavirus_restrictions/11402495
Gravlee, C. C. (2020). Systemic racism, chronic health inequities, and COVID-19: A
syndemic in the making? American Journal of Human Biology, 32(5), 1–8.
https://doi.org/10.1002/ajhb.23482
Haas, F. (2008). German science and black racism—roots of the Nazi Holocaust.
The FASEB Journal, 22(2), 332–337. https://doi.org/10.1096/fj.08-0202ufm
Hall, S. (2017). The Fateful Triangle: Race, Ethnicity, Nation. Harvard University
Press.
Halmesvirta, A. (1990). The British conception of the Finnish “race,” nation, and
culture, 1760-1918. Gummerus Kirjapaino Oy.
Hartman, S. (1997). Scenes of Subjection: Terror, Slavery, and Self-Making in
Nineteenth-Century America. Oxford University Press.

86

Haye, V. (2020, August 11). ‘We all bleed the same color’: Why do Black women in
the UK experience disparities in gynecological care? Medical News Today.
https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/we-all-bleed-the-same-color-whydo-black-women-in-the-uk-experience-disparities-in-gynecological-care#Thecase-studies
Health Care in Finland. (2013). Ministry of Social Affairs and Health.
https://julkaisut.valtioneuvosto.fi/bitstream/handle/10024/69930/URN_ISBN_978
-952-00-3395-8.pdf
Helsinki facts and figures. (2020).
https://www.hel.fi/hel2/tietokeskus/julkaisut/pdf/20_06_18_HKI_taskutilasto2020
_eng.pdf
Herron, E. (2019, August 7). One of Late Writer Toni Morrison’s Most Famous
Quotes About Racism Came from a Talk at Portland State University.
Willamette Week. https://www.wweek.com/news/2019/08/07/one-of-late-writertoni-morrisons-most-famous-quotes-about-racism-came-from-a-talk-at-portlandstate-university-listen-to-it-here/
Hesse, B. (2011). Self-fulfilling prophecy: The postracial horizon. South Atlantic
Quarterly, 110(1), 155–178. https://doi.org/10.1215/00382876-2010-027
Hesse, B. (2014). Racism’s Alterity: The After-Life of Black Sociology. In W. D. Hund
& A. Lentin (Eds.), Racism and Sociology (pp. 141–174). Lit Verlag.
Hickey, S., & du Toit, A. (2012). Adverse Incorporation, Social Exclusion and
Chronic Poverty. In SSRN Electronic Journal (Issue June).
https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.1752967
Hobart, H. J. K., & Kneese, T. (2020). Radical care: Survival strategies for uncertain
times. Social Text, 38(1), 1–16. https://doi.org/10.1215/01642472-7971067
hooks, b. (2000). All About Love: New Visions. Harper.
Hyyppä, M. T., & Mäki, J. (2001). Why do Swedish-speaking Finns have longer
active life? An area for social capital research. Health Promotion International,
16(1), 55–64. https://doi.org/10.1093/heapro/16.1.55
Ismail, A. A. (2019). Immigrant Children, Educational Performance and Public Policy:
a Capability Approach. Journal of International Migration and Integration, 20(3),
717–734. https://doi.org/10.1007/s12134-018-0630-9
Jackson, Z. I. (2020). Becoming Human: Matter and Meaning in an Antiblack World.
New York University Press.
Kääriäinen, J., & Niemi, J. (2014). Distrust of the Police in a Nordic Welfare State:
Victimization, Discrimination, and Trust in the Police by Russian and Somali
Minorities in Helsinki. Journal of Ethnicity in Criminal Justice, 12(1), 4–24.
https://doi.org/10.1080/15377938.2013.819059
Kangas, O., & Kalliomaa-Puha, L. (2018). ESPN Thematic Report on Inequalities in
Access to Healthcare: Finland.
Kangasluoma, E., & Salomaa, M. (2020, April 18). Koronavirus leviää Helsingin
somali-yhteisössä, aktiivijäsenen mukaan syrjintä on saanut yhä räikeämpiä
muotoja. Helsingin Sanomat. https://www.hs.fi/kaupunki/art2000006479322.html
Keskinen, S. (2014). Re-constructing the Peaceful Nation, Negotiating Meanings of
Whiteness, Immigration and Islam after a Shopping Mall Shooting. Social

87

Identities: Journal for the Study of Race, Nation, and Culture, 20(6), 471–485.
Keskinen, S. (2019). Intra-nordic differences, colonial/racial histories, and national
narratives: Rewriting Finnish history. Scandinavian Studies, 94(1–2), 163–181.
https://doi.org/10.5406/scanstud.91.1-2.0163
Keskinen, S., Atabong Alemanji, A., Himanen, M., Kivijärvi, A., Osazee, U., Pöyhölä,
N., & Rousku, V. (2018). The Stopped - Ethnic Profiling in Finland.
Keskinen, S., Tuori, S., Irni, S., & Mulinari, D. (2009). Complying with Colonialism:
Gender, Race, and Ethnicity in the Nordic Region. Ashgate.
Körber, L. A. (2019). Sweden and St. Barthélemy: Exceptionalisms, Whiteness, and
the Disappearance of Slavery from Colonial History. Scandinavian Studies,
91(1–2), 74–87. https://www.jstor.org/stable/10.5406/scanstud.91.1-2.0074
Koskinen, M. (2021, January 5). Turun PS-pomo toivoi koronakuolemia
maahanmuuttajalähiöön. Iltalehti. https://www.iltalehti.fi/politiikka/a/eaa5210ebfaf-41c3-8640-cce85d73a786
Kuokkanen, R. (2020). The Deatnu Agreement: a contemporary wall of settler
colonialism. Settler Colonial Studies, 10(4), 508–528.
https://doi.org/10.1080/2201473X.2020.1794211
Kurki, T., Brunila, K., & Lahelma, E. (2019). Constituting Immigrant Care Workers
Through Gendering and Racialising Practices in Education. Nordic Journal of
Migration Research, 9(3), 329. https://doi.org/10.2478/njmr-2019-0009
Lehtinen, A. (2019). Finnish Immigration Service to review approximately 500
asylum decision. Migri. https://migri.fi/en/-/maahanmuuttovirasto-kay-lapi-noin500-turvapaikkapaatosta
Lowe, L. (2019). Refusing cesarean sections to protect fertile futures: Somali
refugees, motherhood, and precarious migration. American Ethnologist, 46(2),
190–201.
Maldonado-Torres, N. (2017). On the Coloniality of Human Rights. Revista Crítica
de Ciências Sociais, 114, 117–136. https://doi.org/10.4000/rccs.6793
Malin, M., & Gissler, M. (2009). Maternal care and birth outcomes among ethnic
minority women in Finland. BMC Public Health, 9, 1–14.
https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2458-9-84
Martikainen, T. (2020). Finnish Muslims’ journey from an invisible minority to public
partnerships. Temenos, 56(1), 33–51. https://doi.org/10.33356/temenos.77424
Martinot, S., & Sexton, J. (2017). The Avant-Garde of White Supremacy. In Afropessimism: An Introduction (pp. 49–66). Racked & Dispatched.
Masri, L. (2020, April 24). COVID-19 takes unequal toll on immigrants in Nordic
region. Reuters. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-coronavirus-norwayimmigrants-idUSKCN2260XW
Metzl, J. M., & Hansen, H. (2014). Structural competency: Theorizing a new medical
engagement withstigma and inequality. Social Science and Medicine, 103, 126–
133. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.socscimed.2013.06.032
Mikkonen, J. (2012). Finnish Experiences. In Tackling Health Inequalities: Lessons
from International Experiences (pp. 155–184). Canadian Scholars’ Press.
https://doi.org/10.6027/9789289333306-8-en
Ministry: Nearly a third of new Covid cases among foreign language speakers.
(2021, March 18). Yle.

88

https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/ministry_nearly_a_third_of_new_covid_cases_
among_foreign_language_speakers/11843436
Mölsä, M. E., Hjelde, K. H., & Tiilikainen, M. (2010). Changing Conceptions of
Mental Distress Among Somalis in Finland. Transcultural Psychiatry, 47(2),
276–300. https://doi.org/10.1177/1363461510368914
Neal-Jackson, A. (2018). A Meta-Ethnographic Review of the Experiences of African
American Girls and Young Women in K–12 Education. Review of Educational
Research, 88(4), 508–546. https://doi.org/10.3102/0034654318760785
Noblit, G. W., & Hare, R. D. (1988). Meta-ethnography: synthesizing qualitative
studies. Sage Publications.
Nsele, Z. (2020, June 24). Part I: ‘Afropessimism’ and the rituals of anti-black
violence. Mail & Guardian. https://mg.co.za/article/2020-06-24-frank-bwilderson-afropessimism-memoir-structural-violence/
Paljrvi, T., Suominen, S., Koskenvuo, M., Winter, T., & Kauhanen, J. (2009). The
differences in drinking patterns between Finnish-speaking majority and
Swedish-speaking minority in Finland. European Journal of Public Health, 19(3),
278–284. https://doi.org/10.1093/eurpub/ckp007
Palosuo, H., Koskinen, S., Lahelma, E., Kostiainen, R. P., Martelin, T., Ostamo, Ai.,
Keskimäki, I., Sihto, M., & Linnanmäki, E. (2009). Health inequalities in Finland:
Trends in Socioeconomic Health Differences 1980-2005.
Paradies, Y., Ben, J., Denson, N., Elias, A., Priest, N., Pieterse, A., Gupta, A.,
Kelaher, M., & Gee, G. (2015). Racism as a determinant of health: A systematic
review and meta-analysis. PLoS ONE, 10(9), 1–48.
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0138511
Pauha, T., & Konttori, J. (2020). “There Is Freedom of Religion in Finland, But…’’’
The Helsinki Mosque Debate.” In T. Sakaranaho, T. Aarrevaara, & J. Konttori
(Eds.), The Challenges of Religious Literacy : The Case of Finland (pp. 9–24).
Springer International Publishing. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-47576-5_2
Pescaroli, G., & Alexander, D. (2016). Critical infrastructure, panarchies and the
vulnerability paths of cascading disasters. Natural Hazards, 82(1), 175–192.
https://doi.org/10.1007/s11069-016-2186-3
Peterson, C. (2011). The lies that bind: Heteronormative constructions of “family” in
social work discourse. Smith College.
Pettersson, K. (2020). The Discursive Denial of Racism by Finnish Populist Radical
Right Politicians Accused of Anti-Muslim Hate-Speech. In O. Norocel, A.
Hellström, & M. Jørgensen (Eds.), Nostalgia and Hope: Intersections between
Politics of Culture, Welfare, and Migration in Europe (pp. 35–50). Springer
Open. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-030-41694-2_3
Phiri, A. (2020, September 14). Black Lives Matter, but slavery isn’t our only
narrative. The Africa Report. https://www.theafricareport.com/41546/black-livesmatter-but-slavery-isnt-our-only-narrative/
Population by language. (2020). Statistics Finland.
https://www.stat.fi/tup/suoluk/suoluk_vaesto_en.html#Population by language
on 31 December
Population data by region. (2019). Statistics Finland.
https://www.stat.fi/tup/suoluk/suoluk_vaesto_en.html#Population data by region

89

Population with foreign background in Helsinki. (2021). City of Helsinki.
https://ulkomaalaistaustaisethelsingissa.fi/en/content/education
Poteat, T., Millett, G. A., Nelson, L. R. E., & Beyrer, C. (2020). Understanding
COVID-19 risks and vulnerabilities among black communities in America: the
lethal force of syndemics. Annals of Epidemiology, 47, 1–3.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.annepidem.2020.05.004
Preparedness for the COVID-19 disease. (2021). Finnish Government.
https://valtioneuvosto.fi/en/information-on-coronavirus/ministry-of-social-affairsand-health
Professionalization. (n.d.). Lexico. Retrieved March 21, 2021, from
https://www.lexico.com/definition/professionalization
Quesada, J., Hart, L. K., & Bourgois, P. (2011). Structural vulnerability and health:
Latino migrant laborers in the United States. Medical Anthropology: Cross
Cultural Studies in Health and Illness, 30(4), 339–362.
https://doi.org/10.1080/01459740.2011.576725
Race, Racialization, and Racism. (2021). University of Winnipeg.
https://libguides.uwinnipeg.ca/c.php?g=370387&p=2502732
Rantavaara, M. (2020a). Tartunnat ovat lisääntyneet viime aikoina Itä-Helsingin
lähiöissä, syinä muun muassa suuret perhekoot ja ahtaammat kotiolot.
Helsingin Sanomat. https://www.hs.fi/kaupunki/art-2000007629544.html
Rantavaara, M. (2020b, December 1). Neljännes kaikista koronavirustartunnoista on
todettu vieraskielisillä – THL: Taustalla tietyt ammatit, perhekoot ja kielimuuri.
Helsingin Sanomat. https://www.hs.fi/kaupunki/art-2000007654010.html
Rastas, A. (2005). Racializing categorization among young people in Finland.
Young, 13(2), 147–166. https://doi.org/10.1177/1103308805051319
Rastas, A. (2014). Talking Back: Voices from the African diaspora in Finland. In M.
McEachrane (Ed.), Afro-Nordic Landscapes: Equality and Race in Northern
Europe (pp. 187–207). Routledge.
Rastas, A. (2016). Reading history through Finnish exceptionalism. In Whiteness
and Postcolonialism in the Nordic Region: Exceptionalism, Migrant Others and
National Identities (pp. 89–103).
Rastas, A. (2019). The Emergence of Race as a Social Category in Northern
Europe. In P. Essed, K. Farquharson, K. Pillay, & E. J. White (Eds.), Relating
Worlds of Racism: Dehumanisation, Belonging, and the Normativity of
European Whiteness (pp. 357–382). Palgrave Macmillan.
Rastas, A., & Poelman, S. (2021). The Color Blind Dot of Finnish Sociology.
Sociology, 3–20.
Report: Fragmentation weakening the Finnish healthcare system. (2019, September
27). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/report_fragmentation_weakening_the_finnish_
healthcare_system/10994015
Robinson, C. J. (1983). Black Marxism: The Making of the Black Radical Tradition.
Penguin Press.
Rodríguez, E. G. (2018). The coloniality of migration and the “refugee crisis”: On the
asylum-migration nexus, the transatlantic white European settler colonialismmigration and racial capitalism. Refuge, 34(1), 16–28.

90

Rollston, R., & Galea, S. (2020). The Coronavirus Does Discriminate: How Social
Conditions are Shaping the COVID-19 Pandemic. Harvard Medical School.
http://info.primarycare.hms.harvard.edu/blog/social-conditions-shape-covid
Rostila, M., Cederström, A., Wallace, M., Brandén, M., Malmberg, B., & Andersson,
G. (2020). Disparities in covid-19 deaths by country of birth in Stockholm,
Sweden. In Stockholm Research Reports in Demography.
/articles/preprint/Disparities_in_covid19_deaths_by_country_of_birth_in_Stockholm_Sweden_A_total_population_ba
sed_cohort_study/12852854/1
Saarela, J., & Finnäs, F. (2005). Mortality inequality in two native population groups.
Population Studies, 59(3), 313–320.
https://doi.org/10.1080/00324720500249372
Sadeque, S. (2020, July 29). Coronavirus – Urban Areas Face the Brunt of the
Pandemic. Inter Press Service. http://www.ipsnews.net/2020/07/167816/
Salmon, P. (2019, March 18). Who belongs and who doesn’t? New Humanist.
https://newhumanist.org.uk/articles/5431/who-belongs-and-who-doesnt
Salway, S., & Green, J. (2017). Towards a critical complex systems approach to
public health. Critical Public Health, 27(5), 523–524.
https://doi.org/10.1080/09581596.2017.1368249
Saraste, A. (2016, January 15). Finns want fewer refugees. DW.
https://www.dw.com/en/finns-want-fewer-refugees/a-18979286
Scambler, G. (2020). Covid 19 as a “breaching experiment”: exposing the fractured
society. Health Sociology Review, 29(2), 140–148.
https://doi.org/10.1080/14461242.2020.1784019
Schclarek Mulinari, L., & Keskinen, S. (2020). Racial profiling in the racial welfare
state: Examining the order of policing in the Nordic region. Theoretical
Criminology, 1–19. https://doi.org/10.1177/1362480620914914
Second European Union Minorities and Discrimination Survey (EU-MIDIS II). (2017).
https://doi.org/10.2811/902610
Seikkula, M. (2019). Adapting to post-racialism? Definitions of racism in nongovernmental organization advocacy that mainstreams anti-racism. European
Journal of Cultural Studies, 22(1), 95–109.
https://doi.org/10.1177/1367549417718209
Seikkula, M. (2020). Different antiracisms: critical race and whiteness studies
perspectives on activist and NGO discussions in Finland (Vol. 33, Issue
Unioninkatu 33).
Sen, A. (1981). Poverty and Famines: An Essay on Entitlement and Deprivation.
Clarendon Press.
Sen, A. (1984). Resources, Values, and Development. Harvard University Press.
Sexton, J. (2010). People-of-Color-Blindness. Social Text, 28(2), 31–56.
https://doi.org/10.1215/01642472-2009-066
Shuman, E. K. (2011). Global climate change and infectious diseases. International
Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine, 2(1), 11–19.
https://doi.org/10.2307/3431227
Singer, M., & Clair, S. (2003). Syndemics and Public Health: Reconceptualizing
Disease in Bio-Social Context. Medical Anthropology Quarterly, 14(4), 423–441.

91

https://doi.org/10.1016/0031-0182(79)90109-3
Singer, M., & Rylko-bauer, B. (2021). The Syndemics and Structural Violence of the
COVID Pandemic : Anthropological Insights on a Crisis. 7–32.
Situation update on coronavirus. (2021). Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare.
https://thl.fi/en/web/infectious-diseases-and-vaccinations/what-snew/coronavirus-covid-19-latest-updates/situation-update-on-coronavirus
Skogberg, N. (2019). Cardiovascular risk factors among Russian, Somali and
Kurdish origin populations in Finland [University of Helsinki]. In University of
Helsinki.
https://helda.helsinki.fi/bitstream/handle/10138/288722/cardiovas.pdf?sequence
=1&isAllowed=y
Skovgaard Nielsen, R., Holmqvist, E., Dhalmann, H., & Søholt, S. (2015). The
Interaction of Local Context and Cultural Background: Somalis’ Perceived
Possibilities in Nordic Capitals’ Housing Markets. Housing Studies, 30(3), 433–
452. https://doi.org/10.1080/02673037.2014.973386
Sleijpen, M., Boeije, H. R., Kleber, R. J., & Mooren, T. (2015). Between power and
powerlessness: A meta-ethnography of sources of resilience in young refugees.
Ethnicity and Health, 1–23. https://doi.org/10.1080/13557858.2015.1044946
Solis, J., Franco-Paredes, C., Henao-Martinez, A. F., Krsak, M., & Zimmer, S. M.
(2020). Structural vulnerability in the U.S. revealed in three waves of COVID-19.
American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, 103(1), 25–278.
https://doi.org/10.4269/ajtmh.20-0391
Somali refugees trigger debate on racism in Finland. (1998, August).
Somalinkielisten koronavirustartunnat ovat lisääntyneet Helsingissä. (2020, April 14).
Helsingin Kaupunki.
https://www.hel.fi/uutiset/fi/kaupunginkanslia/somalinkielistenkoronavirustartunnat
Somalis in Helsinki: Somalis in European Cities. (2013).
Sotkasiira, T., & Haverinen, V. S. (2016). Battling for Citizenship: A case study of
Somali settlement in Lieksa, Finland. Nordic Journal of Migration Research,
6(2), 115. https://doi.org/10.1515/njmr-2016-0014
Sparke, M., & Anguelov, D. (2020). Contextualising coronavirus geographically.
Transactions of the Institute of British Geographers, 45(3), 498–508.
https://doi.org/10.1111/tran.12389
Speckhard, A., Mahamud, O., & Ellenberg, M. (2020, April 3). When Religion and
Culture Kill: COVID-19 in the Somali Diaspora Communities in Sweden. GTSC.
https://www.hstoday.us/subject-matter-areas/counterterrorism/when-religionand-culture-kill-covid-19-in-the-somali-diaspora-communities-in-sweden/
Spillers, H. (1987). Mama’s Baby, Papa’s Maybe: An American Grammar Book.
Diacritics, 17(2), 64–81.
Sule, A. O. (2019, August 9). Racism harms black people most. It’s time to
recognise ‘anti-blackness.’ The Guardian.
https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/aug/09/black-people-racismanti-blackness-discrimination-minorities
Suomessa raportoitu 344 uutta koronatartuntaa – pandemia-ajan suurin yhtenä
päivänä ilmoitettu määrä. (2020, October 20). Länsi-Suomi.

92

Supo: Far-right terror threat increasing in Finland. (2021, March 23). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/supo_farright_terror_threat_increasing_in_finland/11850813
Suri, H. (2020). Ethical Considerations of Conducting Systematic Review in
Educational Research. In O. Zawacki-Richter, M. Kerres, S. Bedenlier, M. Bond,
& K. Buntins (Eds.), Systematic Reviews in Educational Research (pp. 41–54).
Springer VS.
Swedish Coronavirus deaths increase, with concerns about Somali-Swedes in
particular. (2020, March 24). Radio Sweden.
https://sverigesradio.se/artikel/7437072
Tarkoma, J. (2019). Population Structure 2018.
Team, V., & Manderson, L. (2020). How COVID-19 Reveals Structures of
Vulnerability. Medical Anthropology: Cross Cultural Studies in Health and
Illness, 39(8), 671–674. https://doi.org/10.1080/01459740.2020.1830281
Tessieri, E. (2020). Dear White People of Finland: What happened in Kannelmäki
last April? Migrant Tales. https://www.migranttales.net/dear-white-people-offinland-what-happened-in-kannelmaki-last-april/
Thackrah, R. D., & Thompson, S. C. (2013). Refining the concept of cultural
competence: Building on decades of progress. Medical Journal of Australia,
199(1), 35–38. https://doi.org/10.5694/mja13.10499
The Government has stated in co-operation with the President of the Republic that
Finland is in exceptional circumstances due to the coronavirus situation. (2020).
Finnish Government. https://valtioneuvosto.fi/-/10616/hallitus-totesi-suomenolevan-poikkeusoloissa-koronavirustilanteenvuoksi?_101_INSTANCE_LZ3RQQ4vvWXR_languageId=en_US&fbclid=IwAR1
XCDQGO1gr8JkI9NzJ-3vTBf8PuCoZa48tabQSutwAGuNGzPJi-LEMPLU
Tiilikainen, M., & Koehn, P. H. (2011). Transforming the boundaries of health care:
Insights from Somali migrants. Medical Anthropology: Cross Cultural Studies in
Health and Illness, 30(5), 518–544.
https://doi.org/10.1080/01459740.2011.577288
Tiilikainen, M., & Mohamed, A. H. (2013). Civil Society in Making: Challenges of the
Somali Diaspora Organizations. Nordic Journal of Migration Research, 3(1), 40.
https://doi.org/10.2478/v10202-012-0013-9
Tuori, S. (2009). The Politics of Multicultural Encounters. Åbo Akademi University
Press.
Two white Finn suspects held in police custody for Somali Finn youth death. (2020,
April 27). Migrant Tales. https://www.migranttales.net/two-white-finn-suspectsheld-in-police-custody-for-somali-youth-death/
Update: New UK, South African variant Covid strains detected in Finland. (2020,
December 28). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/update_new_uk_south_african_variant_covid_
strains_detected_in_finland/11716211
Uusimaa closes borders after late-night vote in parliament. (2020, March 28). Yle.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/uusimaa_closes_borders_after_latenight_vote_in_parliament/11280719
Vaattovaara, M., Vilkama, K., Yousfi, S., Dhalmann, H., & Kauppinen, T. M. (2010).

93

Contextualziing ethnic residential segregation in Finland: migration flows,
policies, and settlement patterns. Norface.
https://blogs.helsinki.fi/nodesproject/files/2011/01/Finland_final.pdf
Van Dyke, M. E., Baumhofer, N. K., Slopen, N., Mujahid, M. S., Clark, C. R.,
Williams, D. R., & Lewis, T. T. (2020). Pervasive Discrimination and Allostatic
Load in African-American and White Adults. Psychosomatic Medicine, 82(3),
316–323.
Virtanen, P., Liukkonen, V., Vahtera, J., Kivimäki, M., & Koskenvuo, M. (2003).
Health inequalities in the workforce: The labour market core-periphery structure.
International Journal of Epidemiology, 32(6), 1015–1021.
https://doi.org/10.1093/ije/dyg319
Virtanen, T. (1999). Ethnic Affiliation and Gangs: When Violence Turns into a Fight
over Turf. Youth, Racist Violence, and Anti-Racist Responses in the Nordic
Countries.
http://www.nuorisotutkimusseura.fi/images/julkaisuja/virtanen/1/11.html
Volanen, S. M., Suominen, S., Koskenvuo, M., Lahelma, E., & Silventoinen, K.
(2006). Sense of coherence and its determinants: A comparative study of the
Finnish-speaking majority and the Swedish-speaking minority in Finland.
Scandinavian Journal of Public Health, 34(5), 515–525.
https://doi.org/10.1080/14034940600585812
Von Gleich, P. (2017). Afro-pessimism, Fugitivity, and the Border to Social Death.
Critical Epistemologies of Global Politics, 2012, 203–216.
Vuorela, U. (2009). Colonial Complicity: The “Postcolonial” in a Nordic Context. In S.
Keskinen, S. Tuori, S. Irni, & D. Mulinari (Eds.), Complying with Colonialism :
Gender, Race and Ethnicity in the Nordic Region (pp. 48–74). Ashgate.
Waldersee, V. (2020, November 19). COVID toll turns spotlight on Europe’s taboo of
data by race. Reuters. https://www.reuters.com/article/health-coronaviruseurope-data-insight-idUSKBN27Z0M3
Weekly reports for coronavirus and COVID-19. (2021).
https://www.fhi.no/en/publ/2020/weekly-reports-for-coronavirus-og-covid-19/
Wekker, G. (2016). White Innocence. Duke Unviersity Press.
WHO Coronaviurs Disease (COVID-19) Dashboard. (2021). https://covid19.who.int/
Wilderson III, F. B. (2010). Red, White & Black: Cinema and the Structure of US
Antagonisms. Duke Unviersity Press.
Wilderson III, F. B. (2017). Blacks and the Master/Slave Reltion. In Afro-pessimism:
An Introduction2 (pp. 15–30). Racked & Dispatched.
Willen, S. S., Knipper, M., Abadía-Barrero, C. E., & Davidovitch, N. (2017).
Syndemic vulnerability and the right to health. The Lancet, 389(10072), 964–
977. https://doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(17)30261-1
Williams, D. R., Lawrence, J. A., & Davis, B. A. (2019). Racism and Health:
Evidence and Needed Research. Annual Review of Public Health, 40, 105–125.
https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-publhealth-040218-043750
Wilson, B., Drefahl, S., Sasson, I., Henery, P. M., & Uggla, C. (2020). Regional
trajectories in life expectancy and lifespan variation: Persistent inequality in two
Nordic welfare states. Population, Space and Place, 26(8).
https://doi.org/10.1002/psp.2378

94

Wilson Gilmore, R. (2007). Golden Gulag: Prisons, Surplus, Crisis, and Opposition in
Globalizing California. University of California Press.
Wright, M. M. (2010). Black in time: exploring new ontologies, new dimensions, new
epistemologies of the African diaspora. Transforming Anthropology, 18(1), 70–
73.
Wright, M. M. (2015). Physics of Blackness: Beyond the Middle Passage
Epistemology. University of Minnesota Press.
Wynter, S. (2003). Unsettling the Coloniality of Being/Power/Truth/Freedom:
Towards the Human, After Man, Its Overrepresentation -- An Argument. The
New Centennial Review, 3(3), 257–337.
Yhdenvertaisuus Helsingin Info. (2020).
https://www.adressit.com/yhdenvertaisuus_helsingin_info

95

