Gendered Inequalities in the Domestic Sphere: A Study of Nepalese
Women’s Situation During COVID-19 Lockdown

Rina Bastola
Student number: 1901904

Master´s thesis in Social Exclusion/Gender Studies
Supervisors: Kattis Honkanen and Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Åbo Akademi University
2021

i

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – FACULTY OF ARTS, PSYCHOLOGY AND
THEOLOGY Abstract for Master’s thesis
Subject: Master’s programme in Social Exclusion/Gender Studies
Author: Rina Bastola
Title of thesis: Gendered Inequalities in the Domestic Sphere: A Study of Nepalese
Women’s Situation During COVID-19 Lockdown
Supervisor: Kattis Honkanen
Supervisor: Ann-Charlotte Palmgren
Abstract
Gendered inequality occurs in a household when there are hierarchal distributions of roles
in task performance, with most of the workload falling on one gender category. While
gendered disparities origins from long-standing societal and cultural norms, the domestic
sphere is a social environment where such differences situate and persist. In Nepal, the
patriarchal system establishes systemic barriers to gender equality and distributes
disproportionate decision-making authority in the domestic realm between men and
women. Since patriarchal traditions regulate women’s workforce, they play submissive
positions under male dominance, which establishes separate spaces for men and women,
with men in the public domain and women in the private household realm. When women
are gendered to perform in the domestic area, they shoulder a significant household and
care work that exacerbates during pandemic outbreaks and lockdown, when all family
members are stuck at home.
This study examines the origins of patriarchy and unequal gendered roles in Nepalese
homes and how women as a gendered group are affected when dealing with social
emergencies like pandemic outbreaks.
This thesis’s essence comprises the primary data collected through an online video
interview of five Nepalese respondents from different family backgrounds and cities in
Nepal and Finland. The Snowball sampling method is applied to choose the respondents
for this study. In this research, the employed method is qualitative research through online
interviews and open-ended questions, and the interpretative paradigm’s narrative analytical
method analyzes the achieved materials. Previous research supports all narrative
interpretations in the form of theoretical background.
The findings of this study revealed that Nepalese women perceive themselves as the
inferior gender among men and women. This result is from the influence of familial and

ii

kinship norms that governed women’s behavior during the Panchayat era. This idea aimed
to improve Nepalese women to align their development with that of the women worldwide,
resulted in several interferences restricted women’s activities. Thus, these standards
articulated patriarchy, which values men rather than women and divides the public and
private domestic environments for the former and latter groups, respectively. Women still
relegate more to the domestic realm due to the strong continuity of gendered inequalities in
the work division. During the pandemic lockdown, this had a detrimental effect on all
facets of their life, including a rise in unpaid care and domestic chores and deterioration in
health, education, employment, and mental well-being.
This study finds that most women remain relegated to domestic rules, furthering gendered
stereotypes in domestic spheres, demonstrating the persistence of historical standards. In
addition, the prevalence of gendered household work burden and minor assistance from
males in the domestic sphere has affected women’s well-being. During the COVID-19
pandemic lockdown, this situation increased women’s economic dependency on men and
education discontinuity, job instability, and the strain of unpaid domestic and child care
duties.
Keywords: Panchayat period, Nepali women, development, COVID-19, unpaid care work
Date: 03.04.2021
Number of pages: 49
The abstract passed as maturity examination:

iii

Acknowledgments
I feel immense pleasure to express my deep sense of gratitude to my supervisors Kattis
Honkanen and Ann-Charlotte Palmgren, for their encouraging and constructive guidance
during this master’s degree. I highly appreciate their logical discussions and decent feedbacks.
This journey would not have been possible without both of your supportive mentorship.
I am very grateful to the Department of Social Exclusion/Gender studies, Åbo Akademi
University for accepting me into their master’s program.
I wish to thank my University teachers and administrative staffs who guided me directly or
indirectly in my journey. I owe my sincere thanks to all my friends from the gender studies
programme for their help in my studies. Many thanks to my friend Erina who provided a
helping hand whenever needed.
Candidly thanks to all my respondents, whom I interviewed for generating data on my research.
It would not have been possible without your help, so I would like to dedicate this thesis to all
of you people.
I heartily bestow my sincere gratitude to my parents, Mr. Keshab Bastola and Mrs. Hima
Bastola, for their sacrifices, blessings, and unconditional love. I am grateful to my gorgeous,
lovely sisters.
Lastly, many thanks to loving and supportive husband, Bikash who assisted me continuously
in the stressful time during my writing.
Rina Bastola
3rd May 2021

iv

Table of Contents
Abstract………………………………………………………………………………………..ii
Acknowledgments.....................................................................................................................iv
Chapter 1. Introduction .............................................................................................................. 1
Chapter 2. Purpose of My Study ................................................................................................ 2
Chapter 3. Material, Methodology, and Method........................................................................ 4
3.1. Informants and Material .................................................................................................. 4
3.2. Research Methodology ................................................................................................... 6
3.2.1. Interviewing as a Method and Narrative analysis .................................................... 7
3.2.2. Ethical Considerations ............................................................................................. 9
Chapter 4. Theoretical Framework and Previous Research ..................................................... 10
4.1. Patriarchal Norms in Nepal ........................................................................................... 10
4.2. Women’s Position in the Households ........................................................................... 12
4.3. Advocating for change in the status of women in Nepal .............................................. 14
4.4. Impact of COVID-19 Lockdown upon Women in Nepal ............................................. 15
Chapter 5: Analysis of Empirical Data .................................................................................... 16
5.1. Gender and kinship ....................................................................................................... 17
5.1.1. Gendered definitions and separate spheres ............................................................ 17
5.1.2. Gendered division of household works.................................................................. 20
5.1.3. A different story ..................................................................................................... 23
5.1.4. Career and Education Negotiations ....................................................................... 24
5.2. COVID-19 Lockdown .................................................................................................. 26
5.2.1. Economic Dependency .......................................................................................... 26
5.2.2. Child care roles and compromises ......................................................................... 28
5.2.3. COVID and Unpaid Care work.............................................................................. 30
5.2.4. Distorted daily lives during the lockdown ............................................................ 31
5.2.5. An Equilibrium ...................................................................................................... 34
Chapter 6: Concluding Discussion........................................................................................... 36
6.1. Summary of the key findings ........................................................................................ 36
6.2. Concluding remarks and further research ..................................................................... 38
Sources and Literature ............................................................................................................. 40

v

Rina Bastola
Gendered Inequalities in the Domestic Sphere: A Study of Nepalese
Women’s Situation During COVID-19 Lockdown

Chapter 1. Introduction
Gendered disparity in a household arises when there is an unequal division of roles in task
performances where maximum workload befalls upon one gender category. Reddy et al.
(2020) state that gendered inequalities are rooted mainly in long-lasting cultural, societal, and
human traditions. While an understanding of the division of labor is vital to understanding
societal differences, such as gender inequalities (VanEvery, 1997: 411), the domestic sphere
is a space of people within which the gendered inequalities locates and positions (Reddy et
al., 2020). In Nepal, a South Asian country, the patriarchal values create systematic obstacles
to gender equality and distribute unequal decision-making power between women and men in
the domestic sphere (Aguirre & Pietropaoli, 2008; Bennett, 1983). Tamang (2000) also
opines that patriarchy is the struggle between women and men to control women’s labor
power, and the use of gender is to stress the socially produced structures, meanings, and
relations that the biological sex differences failed to describe correctly. Consequently, women
perform the submissive roles agreeing to the authority of male members regarding housework
because there are gendered roles of the household for the feminine and public or outdoor
tasks for the masculine (Tamang, 2000: 127).
When women’s roles are more confined to the household arena, a handful of tasks and care
work falls on their shoulders, especially during health emergencies. A novel coronavirus
named severe acute respiratory coronavirus 2 (SARS-Co-V-2) and COVID-19, in short, was
first acknowledged in Wuhan City, Hubei Province of China, at a market selling seafood in
December 2019 (Zhu et al., 2020). The virus was characterized as a pandemic on 11 March
by the World Health Organization (WHO), which led to an approximately six-month-long
lockdown and curfew in Nepal (Gyanwali, 2020), deteriorating the industrial, tourism,
entertainment, and transport sectors, slamming the economic growth and pushing three out of
five people from their jobs and enterprises. Thus, the lockdown confined many Nepalese with
their homes. However, one category of the population substantially affected by the pandemic
and lockdown was ‘women at home’. These are the people who had to work most of the time
during lockdown doing domestic and care work. Women at home as domestic workers had to
work between 18-22 hours each day, instead of standard 6-10 hours. A report by Nepal
1

Rina Bastola
Research Institute & CARE Nepal (2020) also states that Nepal’s stratified and traditional
society has assigned household duties to women, including care work for children and the
elderly, and family members rarely shared their household and care jobs. However, these
tasks are overlooked and regarded as unproductive and unpaid care work ascribed by the
social mindset and male-controlled division of labor (Rana, 2021). In another news report,
K.C. (2020) mentions that Nepalese women endured the additional pressure of taking
domestic work burden, unpaid care works for the children and elderly, and the bulk of
domestic household chores during COVID-19 lockdown. As a consequence, during
lockdown, when the household work burden was already there, women also bore unpaid care
work upon their shoulders due to the gendered roles for men and women.
My study attempts to trace how the disparities in the domestic domain are gendered in
Nepalese households and seeks answers to the effect of global health emergencies, such as
the COVID-19 pandemic on Nepalese women and their welfare. More precisely, I aim to
examine the roots of patriarchy and unequal gendered roles in Nepalese households and see
how ‘women’ as a gendered category are affected when the time comes to handle social
emergencies, such as pandemic outbreaks, in this study.
Chapter 2. Purpose of My Study
My awareness of the patriarchal society of Nepal in which I have witnessed and experienced
numerous gender biases encourages me to research why such norms exist, especially between
men and women. Among this gender category, women are often underprivileged, and their
abilities are challenged based on the assumption that a boy child will continue the family
generation. Women are also responsible for performing submissive roles, whereas men
regulate the domineering positions in a household and society. Likewise, while studying in
Finland as an international student, I became more motivated to write about Nepalese women
because I see women in Finland generally have more equality and freedom than women in
Nepal. However, the burden of household works here in Finland is unexempted from falling
in women’s division, here too, those responsibilities are being done more by women than
men (Yle, 2020). Thus, the urge for this research is the gender biases in the domestic domain
where usually the roles and responsibilities of managing home befall upon women whereas
men avoid involvement in this area.

2

Rina Bastola
Moreover, the source of my thesis topic emerged from reading about the subject matters
discussed in a Facebook women’s group from Nepal called Buhari Gang, or Daughter’s-inlaw group (We, Buhari, n.d.). In this group, women shared matters based on household
difficulties and behaviors of the family elders towards women who were daughters-in-law in
Nepalese joint families during the lockdown in Nepal from March 2020 to July 2020
(Rayamajhee et al., 2021). Although some positive stories portrayed how supporting their
family members and elders were towards women, most of them showed the opposite.
The most common problem presented was the position of women in a household belonging to
a joint family in Nepal who experienced inferior position among family members. Reading to
their experiences, I also saw gender-based biases contributing to women’s subordination in
Nepal, which relates to my life before coming to Finland. That knowledge needed an outlet,
and I also wished to learn the roots of such positionalities of women in their households
which is why I chose this topic.
This is also to say, Nepalese women, as elsewhere, are responsible for completing a majority
of household work. They are involved in multiple household management tasks, such as the
family’s health care, worrying about family members’ well-being, caring for family’s needs,
and ending in doing continuous labor from morning to night. Considering this, the burden of
care work upon women could usually heighten during social emergencies, such as a
pandemic lockdown when families are stuck inside their homes. Such a situation might lead
women to have less time for their recreational activities. If this continues to happen, then with
the rising pandemic effects, women might devolve more into care and domestic needs having
less time for themselves, therefore continuing gender inequality in the households. Therefore,
my purpose is to explore how such gendered roles prevail and how those norms affect
Nepalese women, especially during the pandemic lockdown.
My study aims to address the following questions:
•

What factors influence the formation and furtherance of gendered roles in the
domestic sphere in Nepal?

•

How gendered inequalities in the household affect Nepalese women during social
emergencies such as the COVID-19 lockdown, and in what ways?

3

Rina Bastola
This thesis pursues answers to these two research questions and revolves around the main
themes of gendered roles in a household and how such roles affect women during social
emergencies. More precisely, the discussion areas focus on the impact of COVID-19
lockdown upon women in different sectors such as the domestic environment, health,
education, and career. This study will fulfill the criteria of reaching a scientific standard by
highlighting current developments in the scholarly debate on the topic and undertaking
qualitative analysis through interviews with various females of diverse family backgrounds in
different cities of Nepal and Finland. With this, the study provides a clear picture of the
current situation of women in Nepalese households, whether they feel unsupported by the
male members in their domestic spheres and during health emergencies or not, and if so, what
challenges they experience. The medium of analysis is from the data received through the
interview materials by linking them to historical and theoretical backgrounds to relate to the
outcomes from the interview.

Chapter 3. Material, Methodology, and Method
3.1. Informants and Material
Finding informants for my research was challenging for me. At first, I tried to seek out
participants online in the Facebook1 group, Buhari Gang, a daughter-in-law page (We,
Buhari, n.d.) of more than fourteen thousand Nepalese women members to share their
happiness, troubles, success stories, and confessions. Since my study interest relates to
Nepalese women’s household experiences, I posted an invitation status on that online page,
asking for voluntary participation in my research. Initially, there were around twelve people’s
appreciative comments and suggestions on my post. However, quite the opposite of my
expectation of receiving numerous responses, only two women showed their interest, who
also could not manage time later when I approached them through text messages. Therefore, I
applied the snowball sampling method to find my respondents through some of my friends
and some people I know from different cities in Nepal and Finland.

Facebook is a social networking website where users can post comments, make group pages to interact and
share information, make contents, and many more (Nations, 2020).
1

4

Rina Bastola
Snowball sampling method is a technique for finding respondents; one subject provides
contact information of other subjects, which provides the contact of other participants. In
snowball sampling, the researcher gathers data from a few of the targeted population they can
locate, then ask them to locate other members of the targeted population whom they happen
to know (Babbie, 2014:188). Thus, one of my respondents living in Finland gave me
information about one other participant from Finland. Likewise, my sister’s friend, my
informant in Nepal, introduced one more respondent, and for the one remaining respondent, I
located her from my previous contact. There were seven respondents whom I initially chose;
however, two of them found it intimidating to appear in an interview and were nervous about
questions. To make them comfortable, I sent them initial details about the kind of questions I
would ask. Later on, both women were unresponsive when I tried to reach out to them. Thus,
considering the importance of people’s consent to participate in an interview, I left them
unbothered for my research interview.
The final five informants for my research are from different family backgrounds. Among
them, two of the participants are from a city called Pokhara, which lies in the western part of
Nepal, whereas one is from a village called Kavre, near Kathmandu, the country's capital
city. The remaining two participants are originally from Nepal but residing in Turku, a
Southwestern city in Finland. I have used pseudonyms for my informants’ names as Sajhana
(Kavre), Sima (Pokhara), Gita (Pokhara), Nita (Turku), Biva (Turku). All of my informants
are well-educated among whom, Sajhana and Nita are university graduates, and the other
three, Sima, Gita, and Biva, are soon graduating. Most of the participants were between the
age of 28 to 33 years. All of the respondents are from Brahmin ethnic groups2 of Nepal
except Biva, belonging to the Newar ethnic group3. The Nepalese informants living in
Finland live in a single-family4, and the remaining participants live in a joint family5 in
Nepal. Sima and Nita worked before the pandemic but lost their jobs due to the COVID-19
lockdown; however, only Nita found her job back as a Finnish old-care home worker later
when the lockdown ended. The other of my participants were struggling with their house
works and their education during the lockdown. These participants mainly shared their home

Brahmin ethnic groups are the caste who are sacred thread bearers and Hindus (Serchan, 2001).
Newars are known as the historical inhabitants of Kathmandu, Nepal.
4
A single family in Nepal usually consists of 2-4 members including husband, wife and their children .
5
A joint family generally comprises of 6-12 members including parents-in-law, husband, wife, their brother’s
family, and children.
2
3

5

Rina Bastola
environment, their time during the lockdown in Nepal and Finland affected by the COVID-19
pandemic, which supported me in answering my research questions.
3.2. Research Methodology
Gender discrimination in the domestic sphere and its effect on women at home during social
emergencies are the subjects of a couple of findings based on qualitative research. For
instance, K.C. (2019) studied women’s changing gender roles in Nepal, where she conducted
in-depth interviews. Similarly, Homan (2016) adopted a focus group qualitative method to
explore Nepalese women’s honor-defined positions in their households. Likewise, Gupta et
al. (2021) adopted an intensive qualitative inquiry through phone interviews considering the
in-person contact restrictions during COVID-19 about early difficulties brought by the
pandemic in the lives of people in Nepal and India. These gender inequality research methods
assist in developing a diverse approach that facilitates the gathering of rich knowledge about
socio-cultural contexts and personal experiences. In light of this, I decided to conduct this
research using a qualitative approach.
My role as a researcher was that of an insider since I was aware of the study area. Being a
Nepali married woman myself, I have confronted and experienced gendered roles in a
household in Nepal. Thus, my prior knowledge of the subject helped in asking meaningful
questions, which respondents could understand rather than being concerned about the study’s
reliability and ethical concerns. Although reliability and validity are complex and contentious
in qualitative research, Patton (2002) notes that one must consider them when planning a
study, analyzing outcomes, and assessing its quality. While validity refers to the degree to
which research results match reality, reliability refers to the repeatability and accuracy of
research methods (Golafshani, 2003 as cited in Thapa, 2009). To achieve an accurate and
reliable finding of this study, I took caution while selecting informants and research tools. I
chose five informants of various backgrounds to explore the women’s experience of gendered
roles in their households and their influence in times of social emergencies like the COVID19 pandemic.
The COVID-19 pandemic affected the medium of conducting physical interviews with my
informants in Finland. Since there were increasing cases of virus infection in my
respondents’ residences (Yle, 2021), my respondents asked to maintain distance and conduct
6

Rina Bastola
interviews through online media. In addition to Nepalese origin respondents from Finland,
many of my respondents are from Nepal. Thus, considering the physical distance from
Finland to Nepal and the safety of Nepalese women in Finland, I conducted interviews using
Zoom, an online meeting application recently recognized as a viable tool for qualitative data
collection (Archibald et al., 2019). The Zoom interviews lasted between 45-60 minutes. Most
of my participants were mothers of small children and housewives, and they chose their own
interview time as per their availability. All of my respondents requested that I conduct all five
interviews in Nepali. Since I am a native Nepali speaker taking an international degree in
English, I recorded, transcribed, and translated the interviews into English.
During my online discussions, I met interruptions such as children coming in the video and
disturbing the mother in Finland and an infant wake up crying during one of my Nepal
interviews. The mother whose infant was crying when I was taking the interview also had
other disturbances. As she was initially sitting at some convenient place that seemed like the
porch of her house, she was still disturbed by someone when we started talking, but there she
was. I knew that because she responded with a short “yes” to the person while still talking
with me, her expression and speech changed at once when responding to my question. Later,
she moved from the porch and into her house, where her son woke up at her sound of talking.
Another disturbance I faced was when I was interviewing one of my interviewees from
Finland. Our interview had just begun, and her four-year-old son came from day-care and
started talking to his mother. Consequently, I had to start the interview again in a few minutes
when my respondent was ready.
The experience of conducting interviews for research through Zoom was a new technique for
me, which gave a feeling of incompleteness as we were sharing a screen rather than eye
contact. Despite this, receiving honest attention, answers, and accord from the interviewees
fulfilled the search of materials related to my research topic. Additionally, I was also wary of
my research tool: virtual semi-structured interviews with open-ended questions. Having
considered all of this, I am hopeful that my study will reach valid and reliable findings.
3.2.1. Interviewing as a Method and Narrative analysis
Seidman (2006:8) states that interview is a primary mode of inquiry since, throughout
documented history, humans have made sense of their experiences primarily by recounting
7

Rina Bastola
narratives of their experiences. For example, the purpose of an in-depth interview comprises
the comprehension of lived experiences of other people and the sense they make of those
experiences. I applied a qualitative research method through virtual interviews and openended questions via the online meeting application Zoom to fulfill my research pursuits. I
chose such an online platform considering social distancing with respondents from Finland
involved in the study and the geographical distance from Finland to interview participants in
Nepal. I conducted semi-structured interviews with five participants from January to March
2021. The purpose of my research is to explore women’s experiences of gendered roles in
their households along with the influence of those roles upon them in times of social
emergencies, like, COVID-19. This kind of study is difficult by studying statistics, as
conducted in a quantitative method. Thus, I found the qualitative research method more
suitable and sensible to apply in this study. I used both primary and secondary data; however,
primary sources of data are the basis for this research. The narratives of five informants are
the preliminary data collected through an online interview for this research. As secondary
data sources, I accessed various eBooks, journal articles, and websites related to the topic.
The qualitative approach generates a vivid and rich account of human experience used to
understand the depth of any research. As a qualitative researcher, I am interested in finding
subjugated knowledge, hidden and unarticulated, bringing previously untold stories.
According to Silverman (2013), a qualitative method attempts to subjectively tap the deeper
meaning of human experiences in specific periods. It explains how people organize their
environment and make sense in their lives. Through this research method, the researcher also
becomes closer to the interviewee through semi-structured interviews, assisting in collecting
empirical data in detail. Therefore, qualitative data collection is an effective tool for my
research. It will provide my participants an occasion to choose their own words, especially in
particular subjects related to their experiences.
My study is built on the primary data, which is the firsthand information I gathered from my
interview participants. The primary investigative tool for the collection of data is the semistructured Zoom interview with open-ended questions. It generally refers to a context in
which the interviewer has a sequence of questions in a general form of an interview schedule
but could differ question series during the interview (Bryman, 2012). Thus, my purpose for
choosing semi-structured interviews is to enable the opportunity to ask follow-up questions to
noteworthy replies. This type of interview approach allows for a more in-depth examination
8

Rina Bastola
of my research questions and collecting original responses from my informants. Overall, I
conducted individual interviews with my respondents regarding the topics of discussion,
which I recorded, transcribed, and categorized under the common themes that emerged from
all discussions.
For the analysis of my data, I used a narrative analytical tool in this study. This research tool
assists in a better understanding of how people express themselves or their experiences to
themselves and others (Riessman, 2008). In this research, I applied the interpretative
paradigm’s narrative analytical method to investigate how people interpret their daily lives. I
transcribed and translated the collected data for review from the interview with my five
informants. I presented the quotes from the informants and wrote their interpretation in each
section to support my research findings. Moreover, earlier researches and a theoretical
background assist me with insight into narrative interpretations. In the final chapter, I will
keep my conclusions with previous research and theories.
3.2.2. Ethical Considerations
Ethics play a significant role in research to establish the moral standard for its conduction. It
supports the pursuit of avoiding mistakes, constructs public support, encourages social
responsibility, and honors human rights and values. Additionally, ethics is essential in
research as it ensures the topic is respected and minimizes adverse effects by limiting the
researcher’s unbounded power (Baker, 1999, as cited in Kafle, 2017). When researching any
topic, the researcher must adhere to high ethical standards to protect the informants’ privacy,
dignity, and interests. I am also concerned about ethical problems that could arise during the
interviewing process since some of the questions may be uncomfortable to answer for some
informants. For example, I was careful not to push further defining what gender means to
them, which some of the respondents find challenging to answer. Considering this, as a social
researcher, I am entirely responsible for adhering to every ethical code outlined in each
procedure.
The custom of a qualitative study venerates through informed consent. Thus, an accountable
equilibrium between over- informing and under-informing is maintained (Kvale, 1996 as
cited in Bhandari, 2013). During my study, I was conscious of the issues of prior informed
consent, keeping privacy and confidentiality of the research subject, anonymity, et cetera.
9

Rina Bastola
Informants have a right to know about the study’s dedication and usage of the data. Thus, I
took their consent a few days before the actual interview date to explain their right to
withdraw from the research any time they wish. Before the interview, each of my participants
consented to this study. During the interview, I was sincerely cautious about asking questions
regarding their physical, mental troubles as they are delicate issues from social perspectives
in Nepal. Primarily, to manage it ethically, I built a rapport with the participants and made a
comfortable environment for them to participate. In this research, I replaced the participant’s
names with pseudonyms to protect their identities as most of my respondents were hesitant in
providing their original identities and requested to hide them by any means. Thus, I assured
all my participants involved in this research about the anonymity of the data received from
them.

Chapter 4. Theoretical Framework and Previous Research
In any academic project, relevant literature and review are essential since they create a strong
foundation for advancing knowledge, facilitating theory development, and uncovering a
plethora of studies and research areas (Webster & Watson, 2002). This section aims to
provide available information about the gendered inequalities in the domestic sphere. Also, it
will decipher literature regarding the impact of COVID-19 on the well-being of Nepalese
women. Additionally, the previous studies mentioned here will support in analyzing my
materials from the interviews in the form of a theoretical lens. Thus, in this section, I will
present published information related to and contribute to arguments presented in this thesis
from various online sources, such as articles from eBooks, journals, and online news portals.
Furthermore, the upcoming topics will present literature on historical evidence on patriarchal
social structure, the family structure of Nepalese societies, kinship roles, agents of chage for
Nepalese women, and COVID-19 lockdown influences upon women in the everyday
domains.
4.1. Patriarchal Norms in Nepal
For analyzing most of the received data, I have chosen Seira Tamang, a political scientist
with considerable experience studying social exclusion and fostering good governance
practices and policies in Nepal (Sharma & Tamang, 2016). Also, she holds a Ph.D. in
International Relations and has done her researches in gender, global political economy, and
10

Rina Bastola
citizenship. Currently, she is the chairperson of Martin Chautari, a research and policy
institute based in Kathmandu, Nepal (Social Science Baha, 2019). In my study, I have
highlighted the works of Tamang to understand the development of patriarchy in Nepal. Her
works (Tamang, 2000, 2002, 2009) are essential in understanding the development of Nepali
women, patriarchal relationships in Nepal, and gendered meanings of the private and public
spheres in Nepal. The historical context of women’s status in Nepal has played a significant
role in defining the position of women in their household in contemporary times. She has
made remarkable contributions to illuminate Nepal’s history in gender, inequalities, and
power distributions through her works. My study mainly bases on Tamang’s findings on law
amendments made during the Panchayat period (1960-90), thirty years of autocratic royal
rule governed by village councils (Sharma & Tamang, 2016), which is significant to
understand the history of gender in Nepal. Further, Tamang’s account of gender history in
Nepal explains how the patriarchal structure settled in Nepal with the country's growth and
modernization, which I will write in detail in upcoming sections.
Panchayat period is the bright era with an enlightened, progressive, and modern era that came
after the dark period of the dictatorship of Rana rule6 (Onta, 1996 as cited in Tamang, 2000)
when the ruling system of Nepal made amendments to a former country code called Muluki
Ain of 1952 in 1963. On those rewritten laws, King Mahendra7 implemented a single national
culture, the concept of a single-family law system based on Hindu norms for the whole
country (Gilbert 1992: 737 as cited in Tamang, 2000). This single-family format compelled
all citizens of Nepal to follow the same culture, religion, speak the same language, et cetera.
The crafting of this single Hindu nation during Panchayat rule based on a belief,
“development,” also called the national project to modernize the country to walk hand-inhand with others nations of the world (Tamang 2000: 130). It was also when global aids saw
Nepal as a country struggling to become ‘modern’ after the self-induced isolation by the
Feudal Ranas (ibid). Thus, the Panchayat rule legitimized autocracy for the development
projects for the reform of Nepal.
Further, when Nepal was entering the community of nations for its development, Nepalese
women were the focal point for reform because, before the Panchayat period, they were

6
7

Ranas were the former autocratic rulers of Nepal before Panchayat period.
King Mahendra ruled over Nepal from 1955-1972.

11

Rina Bastola
utterly oppressed and treated like slaves (Acharya, 1988 as cited in Tamang, 2000).
Additionally, foreign donors also directed funds to develop Nepali women to match them
with liberal women in development in the global sphere accelerated by the 1975 U.N.
International women’s year and U.N. decade (Tamang, 2002). Then, the Panchayat
hegemonized women from all caste and religions in the name of unification and presented
them in a non-threatening system of development and welfare. At that time, Nepali men were
referred to as brave warriors, whereas ‘the Nepali women’ as Hindu, backward, illiterate,
tradition-bound, agency-less, and helpless, and in need of development by the paternal state
(Sharma & Tamang, 2016; Tamang, 2002). Thus, the state-recognized women’s development
as the most vital project regulating their conduct to promote women’s role in development
conceived by the then Hindu male elites (Tamang, 2009). Tamang notes that these male elites
were the head of Panchayat village authorities to govern local communities (ibid). Due to
these legislative arrangements made under Panchayat rule, the Nepali state had more power
to interfere directly in family relations, appropriating authority to redefine family
relationships. Under such circumstances, the creation of separate gendered realms of the
feminine domestic domain of the private and the masculine of the public had been
encouraged, leading to a switch from ‘family patriarchy’ to ‘state patriarchy’ (Tamang, 2000:
127).
Thus, the picture of ‘Nepali women’ needing development had not existed, but the
development policymakers constructed that ‘need’ through their institutions, practices, and
discourses (Tamang, 2002: 316). Those discourses then became study materials to make a
modern country where old Nepalese traditions, culture, history, and social attitudes hindered
the implementation of equality and development. Tamang (2000) concludes that even though
the laws and discourses of Nepal highlighted equality and developmental matters to rise from
traditional history to the modern period, the practice of patriarchy developed simultaneously
4.2. Women’s Position in the Households
Several kinds of research illuminate the domestic role of Nepalese women. In Bennett's
(1983) book Dangerous Wives and Sacred Sisters, she shares abundant information on
Nepalese Hindu high-caste women's roles in a patrilineal society. Additionally, she presents
the ideals of patrilineality, how they position a daughter and a daughter-in-law in a household
and a society. Those principles placed daughters in a sacred position at first in their natal
12

Rina Bastola
homes, but it changes into an inferior member after they are married, when they move from
their natal homes to their husband’s home, under the rules of their mother-in-law. However,
the daughter-in-law’s position is elevated and becomes equivalent to her mother-in-law if she
gives birth to a son rather than a daughter (Bennett, 1983). Bennett’s study portrays a
thought-provoking account of Nepalese women’s situation, roles and responsibilities in their
homes, and their positions in a patrilineal society.
Similarly, there are other studies on Nepalese women and their spaces in the domestic world.
Homan (2016) also discusses the meaning of daughter-in-law, especially regarding family's
honor. Through fieldwork conducted in two urban locations in Nepal for two years, she
portrays urban Nepali womanhood. She shows the perspective of a society that places
women’s honor as the defining element of a family's reputation. According to her, situating
women as the carrier of honor is central to the gendered framework that directs the societal
practices, beliefs, and rules in urban Nepal (Homan, 2016).
Bhandari (2013) provides an account of a patriarchal social system causing and implementing
several stereotypes regarding women of Nepal. To her, patriarchy is a social system based on
a power relation that creates a hierarchy between males and females. In this system, men
dominate, oppress, and exploit women and their labor by controlling their sexuality,
production, and reproduction. This kind of patriarchal system and its values are prevalent in
the Nepalese societies and in people’s minds, which manifests inequality and discrimination
between genders. Bhandari’s research sheds light on some general practices in Nepal that
contribute to the country’s patriarchal stability. Some of them are the legal system of property
inheritance rights to male heirs, constrictions to women in making household decisions, and
limitations on self-marriage decisions marriage for girls et cetera (Bhandari, 2013).
Similarly, a review by Forum for Women Law and Development (FWLD, 2006) provides
detailed information on the status of women in Nepal. The report states that popularised
belief of Hindu culture considers men as the sole breadwinners whereas women confines to
household work which goes unaccounted for the family. Their primary responsibilities
include household chores of cooking, washing, collecting fuel and firewood, fetching water,
engaging in agriculture, maternity, and service to family members (Forum for Women Law
and Development [FWLD], 2006: 3).

13

Rina Bastola
Another study by Pokharel (2008) investigated gender inequality in Nepal from the viewpoint
of women. The research documents women’s perceptions of discrimination in different ways
in a male-dominated society. She claims that women face biases in society and household
areas. Married women, in particular, face biases in terms of property, education, and
employment. Unmarried women, nonetheless, experience discrimination in schooling,
freedom to leave home, and manner of behaving. She discovered that women in her study
consider gender and traditional practices as significant factors contributing to discrimination.
4.3. Advocating for change in the status of women in Nepal
Homan (2016) discusses how traditional gendered images of womanhood are emerging in
modern pictures. What she means is that Nepalese women are engaging more frequently in
both personal and private spheres. Nepali women are consciously negotiating and reworking
traditions rather than ignoring them. They are convincing family, community members, and
themselves for change, raising voices, and making public demands, and pointing about their
position in society (Homan, 2016: 245). When such change and resistance are required to end
inequalities, advocacy plays a vital role in this process. There are several organizations in
Nepal that advocate women’s rights for their empowerment. These organizations have active
participation of the women seeking change and the agents who work to bring change. For
instance, Women Acting for Transformative Change (Women Act, n.d.) addresses gender
inequality and empowerment of women and girls in Nepal. Women’s Rehabilitation Centre
(WOREC, n.d.) is also a Nepal-based organization that works to ensure women's economic,
socio-cultural wellbeing. Similarly, Women Acting Together (WATCH, n.d.) is a Nepali
organisation working for the empowerment of girls and women to achieve economic
independence and prevent trafficking and exploitation. Another is Women Development
Advocacy Center (n.d.), which supports securing sustainable livelihoods for young women
and homemakers in Nepal. Likewise, Maiti Nepal (n.d.) carries a long history of 28 years and
has been working to eradicate gender discrimination, gender violence, and child and women
trafficking. These organizations conduct awareness and training programs to teach women
and children about anti-trafficking, speak for violence and inequalities, and empower and
educate oppressed people to carry out action research to improve their lives. One more
organization that addresses unpaid care work done by women in Nepal is Action Aid Nepal
(n.d.), which has also shared the success stories of capacity building training that encourages
both men and women to equally value and distribute their household works.
14

Rina Bastola

4.4. Impact of COVID-19 Lockdown upon Women in Nepal
The pandemic lockdown impacted Nepalese people most severely in terms of health,
economy, livelihoods, education, and transportation, confining people inside their homes
most of the time. Giri et al. (2020) review that gender-related concerns require addressing in
the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and encouraged relevant stakeholders to develop
effective policies and actions. The findings of their study show that the social status of girls
and women was noticeably affected by the pandemic because they are a systematically
marginalized and disadvantaged group of people in Nepal. Also, not only were women’s
jobs, their reproductive and mental health at risk, but women living in poverty were also
vulnerable to domestic violence resulting in economic insecurity brought about by the
lockdown (Giri et al., 2020). Overall, their study provides a thorough account of the effects of
the pandemic lockdown on women’s health, socioeconomic status, and educational
opportunities.
Unpaid care work refers to the non-market, unpaid services in a household that includes
direct care of persons, such as children or elderly, and indirect care, such as cooking,
cleaning, or fetching water (Da Silva, 2019). When these tasks seem as non-productive, in the
global arena, 75% of women and girls are responsible for unpaid care and domestic work in
homes and communities (Power, 2020). In the Nepalese context, a news report by K.C.
(2020) states that the burden of care work upon women’s shoulders in Nepal rose during the
lockdown. At that time, not only did household duties take up the majority of women’s daily
chores, but they also had to take care of children and the elderly. The report also stated that
patriarchal norms pressure women to take all the domestic duties and obligations (K.C.,
2020). The lockdown ensured the closure of schools and offices, leaving people stuck at
home. K.C. also discusses that deep-rooted patriarchal social norms pressurize women to
carry the domestic, child, and elderly care work burden upon their shoulders. Additionally,
Dugarova (2016) reports that women do more unpaid care work than men in all regions and
nations throughout their lives. Deeply ingrained inequalities result in disparities in the
gendered division of unpaid care works (Dugarova, 2016: 5).
Likewise, Mahato et al. (2020) presented their data on how Nepal was affected by lockdown
due to COVID-19. According to their report, lockdown in Nepal started from 24 March 2020
15

Rina Bastola
until 14 June 2020 as a safeguarding measure. However, the claim is such that the strict
nature of lockdown made lives more vulnerable to deaths from different other mediums than
only from COVID-19. Those modes developed from the obstruction in the daily way of
living. Thus, these difficulties were in people’s education, employment, travel, business,
social life, wellbeing, et cetera. Among many such areas, health was the most deteriorated as
the infection COVID-19 directly worsened it. Himalayan Climate Initiative (2021) and
Poudel R, Dangal G (2020) also provide an account of the pandemic effect on women’s
economic, psycho-social, and sexual and reproductive health.
These studies supported the data regarding the situation of women in my research concerning
their economic problems, household burden, mental health, and childbirth complications
during the pandemic.

Chapter 5: Analysis of Empirical Data
Different groups of women have different statuses and journeys; thus, it is impossible to
make a generalization that extends to all Nepalese women. My analysis exempts me from
claiming to represent the situation of every Nepali woman and their households; instead, it is
only an overview based on the information I obtained from my respondents during my
research. In this chapter, I will present qualitative data on “Gendered inequalities in the
domestic sphere: a study of Nepalese women’s situation during COVID-19 lockdown” in
depth. I am also concentrating on discovering women’s gendered responsibilities in their
households, gender roles women performed, and how these roles positioned them in their
domestic environment, especially during the pandemic. For conducting such research, I
gathered information focusing on the impact upon Nepalese women in terms of the gendered
nature of household works, career and economic weight, health conditions, and social
domains. My participants shared matters about their home environment, their time during the
lockdown in Nepal and Finland affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
My analysis and discussion will show how Nepalese women enact and negotiate the gendered
meanings in the context of their everyday lives. I have aspired to shed light on and
understand the nature of experiences and responses that women have in their daily life and
during social emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic. I will also discuss and demonstrate

16

Rina Bastola
how women resist various gendered roles and practices in the way they attempt to minimize
specific inequalities in the domestic sphere.
In the parts that follow, I will first go over the data related to gendered experiences in the
household, which works as a foundation for understanding the parts where the effects of the
pandemic upon Nepalese women in the following parts.
5.1. Gender and kinship
5.1.1. Gendered definitions and separate spheres
Tamang (2009) states that the legal system of Panchayat era laws constructed a particular
way of understanding gender through kinship systems. To her, developing the Nepali women
to match them with the global women, legal amendments structured their legal identity with
their husbands and families. Addressing to this, she states, “the legal gendering along more
dichotomously defined spheres of the private - feminine and public – masculine brings to the
fore the fact that Gilbert’s “uniform Nepalese citizen” who emerges from the legal structures
(Gilbert 1993:465) is not so uniform - as the citizen in Nepal is gendered” (Tamang, 2000:
152).
Tamang’s quote expresses how in the process of uniting the citizens and developing women
of Nepal, the Panchayat period’s legal structure organized women’s identification to be
determined by their kinships relationships, such as husbands and families. It also illustrates
how this action created a separate world for men and women, men for the public and women
for the private, resulting in gendered citizenship. First, I will look for the concept of gendered
meanings in the participants’ responses to their definition of gender. I begin by inquiring
about my respondents’ perceptions of gender, to which, Sajhana replies:
Gender, in my opinion, is a natural distinction, and in a family, a person’s
role and response establish from birth. Boys and girls, for example, are
taught the differences between them from an early age, and the reaction to
them in a family differs, with boys pampered more and girls scolded if
they engage in childish behavior. Also, a boy child’s demands are more
easily met than a girl child’s demands when buying products.

17

Rina Bastola
This response shows how gender makes meaning within a hierarchal kinship and family
system, where it values the masculine more than the feminine. Since it was clear that the
meaning of gender came tied to family and kinship, I wanted to open up this aspect by asking
further questions related to home and family relations.
On asking whether boys and girls do different things in their households, Sajhana answers:
Men and women in my family do things differently. Though my motherin-law and I are in charge of household chores and management, my
father-in-law and husband are utterly uninterested in such matters.
Although my mother-in-law and I provide moral support and treatment
when a family member becomes sick, my father and husband consider
supplying medication. When our baby wets himself, for example, instead
of changing his diaper, they look for us (females) and carry the baby to us.
My husband does not even make his bed in the morning; he gets out of bed
and goes outside.
The informant reveals that men and women in her family have different duties to accomplish.
She points out that women are involved in the domestic chores and management, whereas
men of her family prefer to avoid those duties. She indicates that men have more privilege in
the choice of household task performances.
Similarly, another respondent, Sima, has the same narrative:
There are different kinds of works for men and women in our house. Me
and my mother-in-law work in the household and perform tasks such as
cooking, cleaning, and washing. Whereas my husband and father-in-law
just eat and sleep.
These responses from my informants show that males and females have different roles in
their households. The feminine is mainly responsible for looking after the household matters
and care works that the masculine chooses to ignore. Tamang (2000) stresses that the
Panchayat laws organized the Hindu template for ‘family,’ which naturally levied women’s
roles as daughters, wives, and mothers, and falling more specifically under the Hindu state’s
jurisdiction. State patriarchy bases on these roles, which regulate the ‘proper’ function of the
husband, stating men of a family as the protectors of women than the supporters (Tamang,
2000: 145). Thus, the portrayal of the familial roles as described by Tamang is visible in my
respondents’ households. The depiction of both participants’ household duty arrangements is
18

Rina Bastola
similar to Tamang’s Hindu family template depiction, which assigns women’s roles as
mothers and wives who have no choice but to perform household duties. Likewise, Sajhana’s
view on seeing males who are the husband and the father-in-law as the superiors than females
of a household shows the patriarchal regulation of men as the protectors who enjoy privilege
in choice of tasks. Therefore, this arrangement of familial positions of men and women
shows the meaning of gender defined by patriarchy-led kinship relations in Nepalese
households.
Such gendered meanings derived from my respondents urged me to learn their opinions on
the prevalence of this system. Therefore, I asked them why men and women do things
differently in their homes, to which, Sajhana answers:
I’m not sure why my family’s males do this; it may be because they
believe it is women’s responsibility to do the household work, not
men’s; it may also be because they believe we females are doing it, so
they do not want to interfere, or it could simply be that they consider
these tasks to be trivial. Women, on the other hand, believe that if no
one cares, things will not run smoothly in the home, so they must step
up because men, for instance, will not pay attention if their child
throws tantrums when eating and will ignore them, whereas women’s
hearts will melt for their children and they will feed them anyhow. In
my opinion, males believe that they are the sole breadwinners who
bring the required money into the house from outside and that it is
women’s responsibility to take care of the household affairs.
To the same question on men and women doing different things, participant Gita responds:
In my understanding, men and women do different things because they
have always learned to do such since childhood. The elders in their
family taught men to perform roles according to their gender.
These responses provide an insight into how gendered meanings continues to exist through
systems and practices. Tamang (2000) argues that the emergence of division of private/public
spheres led to the active installation of gendered roles to fit the definitions of masculinity and
femininity in Nepal. Therefore, Sajhana’s response of how she understands men as the ‘sole
breadwinners, and women as being responsible for ‘caring of household affairs,’ and Gita’s
‘roles performance according to gender’ exhibit how kinship, private/public spheres, and

19

Rina Bastola
division of labor are gendered and how people navigate and live their lives according to these
meanings.
Overall, the structure of gender in the familial environment I learned through the interviews
showed an unequal hierarchy. Women who participated in the conversation expressed their
understanding of the term ‘gender’ as something constructed at a child’s birth and processed
during their lifetime. Moreover, this ‘process of gender’ conveys the unequal position for
males and females in a household. When gender is a primary factor of structured inequality,
the devalued gender has less power, prestige, and economic rewards than the valued genders
(Lorber, 2018), and even in the countries where gender discrimination is discouraged, women
still do most of the household labor and childrearing where men dominate the positions of
authority. If Lorber is to be comprehended, the women in my study have conceptualized that
females are equally important gender as males are; however, men have more free choices of
exempting from tasks in a household that women do not have.
5.1.2. Gendered division of household works
In a household, a woman’s well-being links to their affiliation with their living spaces, which
differs from their residency rules, their rights upon material resources, and the kinship system
(Dube, 1997). Thus to understand why women are the main targets of being affected when it
comes to an emergency, it is important to comprehend the roles and position of women in the
domestic sphere. In a patrilineal culture that consists of descents from the male members,
marriage displaces the bride from her natal home to her husband’s home with his family
(Dube, 1997). This custom is prominent in societies where family structure is patrifocal,
consisting of strong male authority and control over resources. These patrilineal heritages
propose limited resources to women and virtually no inheritance rights making them
dependent, secluded and segregated, also their sexuality managed by men (Dube, 1997). In
Nepal, a South Asian country, women are living in an environment led by a Patrilineal family
structure (Bennett, 1983). The roots of patrilineality could be traced in contemporary times
too. To understand the roots of patriarchy and male supremacy in the Nepalese context,
Tamang (2002: 315) illustrates:
In this masculinized discourse of sovereignty, independence, and
modernization, the need to re-established a ‘virile’ masculine nation of

20

Rina Bastola
citizens was not just dependent on definitions of that which it is not---femininity (Enole, 1989). In that nationalist imaginings of masculinity
project of bikas necessitated deliberate efforts to circumscribe women’s
behaviour in order to facilitate the type of development, and women’s role
in development, thought appropriate to the ‘modern Nepal’ as
conceptualized by Hindu male state elites.
This quote refers to how Hindu male state elites of Nepal, for modernization, highlighted it as
a nation of strong and brave warriors by limiting women’s behavior and their role in
development. This regulation of women’s conduct in Nepal's history has contributed to how
women make meaning of different roles performed by men and women. On asking my
respondents about what kinds of things are important for them as women, to which, Sima
replies:
Being a female, first of all, she should have discipline, a good nature. Then
as a woman, she must do household works, focus on cleanliness, maintain
family discipline and focus on running a home smoothly, that is all.
This answer depicts how women form ideas about their roles in the family that they must be
careful to maintain the family’s discipline. Women see themselves as a responsible person
who has the roles to accomplish household tasks. Along with this, I wished to ask what they
see as being important in a man. Sajhana responds:
Man has the role of a father who looks after the family’s needs, protects
them, decides right or wrong for the family, provides economic support for
a family; these are the father's responsibilities as a man.
Men, according to Sajhana, are the family’s benefactors, who have the burden of running a
household by providing economic support, who also protect the family, and are the decisionmakers of the household. This I see as how both respondent’s opinions are founded on their
account of experiences they have seen during their lives. Lorber also says, “In social
interaction throughout their lives, individuals learn what others expect from them, act and
react in expected ways, and thus simultaneously construct and maintain the gender order”
(Lorber, 2018:114). Relating to this notion of individuals learning and acting in expected
ways in their social circle, it is clear that my respondents acknowledged, performed, and
understood the concept of gendered roles throughout their lives in their domestic sphere.

21

Rina Bastola
Familial values and togetherness walk hand in hand in societies where the familial meaning
binds people of blood and kinship relation sticking and living together thick and thin. Gilbert
(1993) asserts that in Nepalese societies, family, property, ownership, and kinship have great
importance in shaping the base of a person’s relations during their lifetime. Tamang (2000)
also talks about the legal stature of Nepal provided women’s right to property inheritance
even though defined through their husbands, family, and kin where they need either their
husband’s or son's approval to inherit familial acreages. Because women gained property
inheritance rights as either daughters and wives, Nepal’s legal policies controlled the
marriages and familial relations and assisted traditional patriarchy to preserve male
supremacy (Tamang, 2000). This way, the state holds the power of regulating internal
relations of the family in Nepal. It could mean that familial and kinship norms also guide
people to perform roles in their households. Regarding this, one of my respondent, Nita,
shared her experiences of sharing household responsibilities when she was in Nepal:
I did not have many responsibilities at home, but my work was usually to
cook and clean in the kitchen, which my mother-in-law supported.
Regarding the switching of work, mostly I have seen that boys do not do
house works and it is also not normal that after getting married, I will stay
at my bed and my husband will go to cook for me, even though there was
no pressure of heavy work load, but in Nepal, I have not seen men or boys
do the household works, instead, it is girl’s duty.
Nita’s view stands as an example of the gendered nature of domestic work and their
connection to familial and kinship rules and systems. To reach into the depth of her thoughts,
I asked why she thinks men do not do household works. She replies:
Because there are male-dominated societies in Nepal, men do not learn to
do house chores since their childhoods, so they never have to do it.
In Nita’s response, she sees male supremacy as the reason that exempts men from doing
household tasks. Lorber (2018) opines that gender builds into a family through everyday
gendered experiences that strengthen gender expectations for individuals. The building of
norms in the household tasks, where women’s work is normal, but men do nothing of a
similar kind, shows gender-related expectations in a male-dominated system. Likewise, this
could be related to the account of Bhandari (2013), where she opines that patriarchal social
systems based on a power relation that creates a hierarchy between male and female where
the male dominates, oppresses, and exploits women and their labor by controlling their
22

Rina Bastola
sexuality, production, and reproduction. Thus, the meaning of gender expressed by my
respondents shows their base of life, leading by the theme of males being the superior and
benefactor, whereas females are inferior and benefitted respectively.
This way, the picture of ‘women’ as expressed by my respondents shows the feeling of
superiority and pride of being a woman. However, what is noticeable in the statements above
is that these women see themselves as belonging to a specific gender category according to
their roles and responsibilities as housemakers whose primary concern is to look after
domestic affairs.
5.1.3. A different story
Women’s familial background has an important role in how they form gendered meanings.
When referring to the familial environment playing a part in how women make their meaning
of gender and their roles, there is an exceptional story to share. Among my respondents,
when most of them shared their household work responsibilities arranged to females only,
one respondent had a different experience of roles division in her family. Biva belongs to a
different ethnic group called Newar, who lived in Kathmandu, her hometown, most of her
life. Unlike my other respondents, she had a different experience of role division in her home.
She says:
We have a work-sharing environment in our family where I have never
realized the division of household works according to gender. We have a
business of making handicrafts in Kathmandu, which needs a lot of
physical effort, which is why everyone in our family had to be involved in
accomplishing it. My mom, dad, uncles, and aunts had to be involved in
completing the handicraft tasks. At home, too, no one waits for household
tasks to complete by others; Everyone does the household works. I have
never experienced the divisions regarding household works arranged for
males and females in my home.
All of Biva’s family members accomplish the household tasks, and there is no work division
regarding the household task or outside. Relating to this, I wished to know more on how
caregiving roles are shared in her home, to which she says:
In our home, whenever anyone falls unwell, especially me and my sister
used to be sick too often, then all of our family members care about us,
especially it is my dad or my uncle, who looks after us and our health care.

23

Rina Bastola
From Biva’s response, it is clear that all of the family members, even men are more involved
as care providers when in need. This mutual sharing of workload shows the values and
culture where there is respect for each member’s roles. As Biva is a Newar, this ethnic group
have their own culture, and they rank as the most economically, politically and socially
advanced community of Nepal (Nepal Human Development Report, 2014). Biva’s
explanation of her family is similar to the finding of Tamang (2000) that in some
communities, women’s role did not restrict them to private home affairs contradictory to the
‘Hindu template’ because of their cultural variation from that of other ethnic groups. The
norms and values of a diverse cultural group from where Biva comes also differ from other
respondents in terms of gender and kinship values as there is no division between public and
private spheres since they all share the same task of handicrafts. Similarly, learning about this
structure of the household arrangement, I wanted to learn how she understands gender. When
I asked Biva about the meaning of gender, she says:
On hearing the term gender, I can only think of the division of people
between sexes, male and females, differentiation biologically and
naturally. My family members never let me feel male and female are
different; we were taught differently in our school courses. When we were
young, we learned a different definition of gender roles because they
taught that in a parental figure, dad goes to the office, and mom looks after
the house, and doctors are always the males where females should be a
nurse.
This response illustrates how the meanings and discourses are institutionalized and how
gendered roles formulate young people’s minds. According to Tamang (2002), the picture of
Nepali women in need of development in the Panchayat period constructs through institutions,
practices, and discourses. Thus, the study materials provided to Biva at her young age had
regulated her thoughts about different roles to be performed by males and females where
males worked in the public sphere and females in private. This is how I see the thought
process of patriarchy continues in people’s life. Even though Biva’s home experiences show
how one could exempt from this concept of gendered roles, the discourses she mentioned
portray an example of continuing the gendered system.
5.1.4. Career and Education Negotiations

24

Rina Bastola
In Nepal, married women do unpaid labor in the domestic sphere and thus provide an
important input to the whole economy. They are active in providing care works and familial
tasks, which is, however, not counted. Women also deal with physical and biological changes
in childbirth and make adjustments in their education and career while childrearing, but they
view it as their natural jobs, which means fathers take less or no responsibility (Subedi,
2016). I wished to learn about how women are motivated in their future jobs and education at
their homes. Thus, I asked one of my respondents, Sajhana how her family supports her
education and career, she replied:
I have never done a job in my life, and I also have been encouraged by my
family to find a governmental job for which I have to do much-focused
exam preparation. I have to go through two major papers for my desired
governmental post, and I had successfully passed the first paper, but I
failed in the second paper because I could manage much less time for my
study. It was the time when we lived in the city. I took the preparation
classes for the government service during the daytime, but the better
classes were conducted during the morning and evening. Our daughter was
only three years old, and she had just started school; however, her father
would not give her time, even during the morning and evening time when
he was at home. So I had to compromise and take day classes, but still, I
needed more time to do intensive preparation. Hence, without my
husband’s support, there was an unfavorable environment for my
groundwork, and I failed the exam of government services job.
Although Sajhana was encouraged to do a job, she found less support when looking for a
dream job. The reason behind this was, as she stated, her husband’s ignorance of household
affairs and childcare where he could have assisted. To achieve her dream job, she needed
support. On this matter, she shares:
Often, I have asked my spouse to look after our children, and I could do
something or study for exams, but he never agrees. If I find support for at
least six months or one year, I would be doing my dream job at the
governmental office. I had even targeted to find one, but my husband did
not have time for my efforts. Neither he even discussed sharing our jobs at
home. Even before my son was born seven months ago, I had a
miscarriage a few months before that; thus, I was fragile at that time.
During that time, too, we were living in our city apartment, and my
husband would not care for household affairs or look after his daughter, I
had to struggle a lot.
The voice tone of my interviewee was sad while telling this, as it reflects how a woman
negotiates for her family when she could achieve her aim. The above-recorded response of
25

Rina Bastola
Sajhana made me realize how women’s motherhood and care work is supported more than
her career choices. Additionally, balancing work/life is more difficult when one has an
uneven burden of family responsibilities. Her narrative shows that Nepalese women with
small children are less supported for seeking employment opportunities. This arrangement
links the legal amendments made during the Panchayat period to undermine family patriarchy
regarding women and childcare. Tamang (2000) elucidates that a child welfare law made
central to the Hindu concept of woman’s notions of motherhood and womanhood. While this
right for nurturing marked women's special capability for childrearing, it weakened paternal
custody rights, as these reforms, apparently for women and in the spirit of International
Women’s Year, did little to challenge gendered roles. In her view, this act was a state’s
control over the women’s lives to ensure they fulfilled state-mandated child-rearing
obligations. Thus, this children's welfare responsibility kept women as the first option to look
after the children (Tamang, 2000: 151). Reflecting on this finding and my respondent’s
answers, I argue that the notion of childcare-related family responsibilities is gendered as
feminine roles in Nepal. This notion provides fathers space and the possibility not to take
responsibility. The system provides fathers and husbands with more space for the agency as
their reluctance to share tasks is politicized by legal, cultural and kinships systems that
naturalize a division of labor.
5.2. COVID-19 Lockdown
5.2.1. Economic Dependency
During the COVID-19 lockdown, Nepalese women had to face more difficulties to keep their
jobs intact than men. Giri et al. (2020) point out that the position of women in the labor
market is less secure while comparing to men because they also fall under vulnerable groups,
such as informal workers, migrants, youths, who faced job cuts and lay-offs during the
pandemic outbreak. Due to those job cut-offs, women’s unpaid care work of children and
elderly increased with household work. Regarding this, I questioned my respondents how
their careers or education were affected by lockdown, to which Sima replied,
I was working for nineteen months at an educational consultancy before
lockdown started. I was pregnant, but I had thought that I would work
three months more until June 2020 before I take a leave for my child’s
delivery and rearing. But due to lockdown in March, my office got closed
earlier, and there were no online tasks, so my job was also gone. As I was
26

Rina Bastola
jobless, and while I was at home, there were mostly jobs related to home
cleaning and maintaining and working in the kitchen and in the vegetable
field outside. I could not do heavy works because of pregnancy at that
time, but sometimes I was tired, and I wished that I was doing a job
outside the house so that I would not have to do household activities which
I had to handle most of the time.
Sima’s answer indicates that she preferred to have a job outside than being at home doing
household tasks that were seemingly heavy since she was pregnant. Also, she had wished to
take time off because she could focus on her child, who was yet to be born; however, the job
market was closed for her when lockdown started in Nepal. She had also said that her
husband was still working when her job was laid-off. Thus, it too shows the difference
between men's and women’s job security during the pandemic, because according to Giri et
al. (2020:154), women fall under the vulnerable group to lose employment during the
pandemic.
Similarly, concerning the participant’s financial stature in their households, Sima said:
The primary source of income for our family is our Cow farm, managed
by my father-in-law. My husband also earns money from his job at the
transportation office. Also, my mother-in-law looks after the expenses
because everyone who earns in the house gives to her the earning needed
for home necessities, groceries, and all. But for outside expenses like
medical care, my father-in-law handles all. Moreover, when I need money
for my needs or our child, my husband supports me.
It is quite surprising how Sima had earned her own, but it was under the control of her
family. In the expectation of autonomy, she became more dependent because of family and
kinship arrangements. It shows that the mother-in-law has authority over deciding the
family’s household expenses, but the daughter-in-law does not. Bennett (1983) opines that in
a Nepalese family of Hindu high caste, a woman has low rank as a daughter-in-law and has to
obey everything her family decides for her. However, when she becomes a mother-in-law
herself, she has the authoritative power to formulate decisions in a family. It is clear how
Nepali women are under the flagship of single Hindu family norms (Tamang, 2000). Sima’s
position in her household is inferior according to the norms of patriarchy (Bennett, 1983),
and she falls prey to various patriarchal norms in her everyday life. Therefore, although she
seems economically independent, her earnings are controlled by the family, which shows
patriarchal control over women’s economic resources.
27

Rina Bastola

Besides this, women dependent on their spouse for monetary support tend to compromise on
their necessities. Sajhana recalled her experiences before and during the lockdown on how
she managed finances at home and how she regrets not having her income:
As I am unemployed, I rely totally on my husband, and he also has to look
after the whole family for the financial needs, like, looking after our
child’s education and our daily household expenses too. Thus, I have to
understand and control many things that I wish to buy, but I need to
organize my expenses for the extreme necessities.
Sajhana experienced economic dependency, and she was helpless because she could not
utilize her potential to support her family financially. This moment occurred due to the lack
of proper assistance from her partner. Although she said that she was encouraged to find a
job, the neglect in avoiding child care responsibility from the partner also affected the
outcome when the difficult time comes. The lack of sharing based on patriarchal gendered
roles affected the whole family and its income. The gendered nature of roles and the division
of labor where the male member habituates to act as the governing gender in the family
hinders women from seeking employment even if they would have support for getting a job.
As Lorber states, “when gender is a major component of structured inequality, the devalued
genders have less power, prestige, and economic rewards than the valued genders (Lorber,
2018: 116). Sajhana, as a devalued gender than her husband, shows a gendered structure of
roles division, where she performs the role of child and household caretaker who is
dependent on her husband for economic assistance. This structured inequality of gender,
where the husband’s role as the money provider signifies a gender of higher rank and governs
the wife of lower rank.
5.2.2. Child care roles and compromises
Women can bear children and have a nurturing capacity. However, this nurturing role of
mothers are overlooked and at times understood as they have the sole responsibility of
rearing up children in the Nepalese concept. Men are involved in the overall baby care in a
less amount or not at all. When the COVID-19 lockdown started in Nepal, women were
under pressure to complete household tasks and take care of children and elderly stuck at
homes (K.C., 2020). Relating to this, one of my interviewees shared her frustration with her

28

Rina Bastola
partner’s ignorance in the full support of raising their children. When asked what their
caregiving tasks were during the COVID-19 lockdown in Nepal, Sajhana said:
My four-year-old daughter’s school was closed along with lockdown, and
my brother-in-law’s two children who lived close to us were in the house
the whole day to play with my child because it was dangerous to send
them out to play. Thus, apart from my morning and evening chores, my
whole day’s work would be to look after them, feed them, and help with
their homework. Thus, at other times, they would be at school in the
daytime, but I had to spend more time caring about them during the
lockdown.
This shows that childcare roles fall upon Sajhana along with household works when the
pandemic lockdown started. Thus I asked to her roles were shared by any other members of
her family, to which she replies:
About other family members taking care of our child, it was rarely
possible. We lived in the city before lockdown, and I used to take care of
her most of the time; thus, she was more attached to me than to her father.
She needed me each time she had to do something, such as her homework
or caring about what she eats or wears. She would hardly listen to her
grandparents only when I was not around or if I were unwell. Once our
daughter fractured one of her legs while playing, I had weakness from
being pregnant with my next baby. During that time, too, I had to carry her
to help her in the bathroom. Still to this day, she trusts and depends more
on me, and after this lockdown, today, too, I walked her to school. Her
father often lures her if he asks her to take her to school by his bike. Often,
when I was not around, I have noticed that her father is less interested in
home affairs, like helping his children get changed when they have wetted
their clothes. Moreover, I do not even expect from him that he would do
unless I am unwell. That is probably the reason our daughter clings to me
more than to her father.
Thus, Sajhana shares that there was rarely any switch of childcare duties with other
household members or with her life partner. This shows children’s dependency on one parent
when another chooses to ignore their duties towards them. I further questioned her to
understand why her husband had less interest in child care, as my interest was to see if he
might have other duties to complete, then Sajhana answered:
Well, he was not that busy, and it was not like working under someone, as
he had his own business where he could manage time according to his
wish. However, for him, I have not understood why he cares less about

29

Rina Bastola
home affairs. Either he ignores or does not have interest, he does not look
after our children.
It is clear from these responses that childbearing roles are only her duties, which she usually
accepts as her responsibilities, which cause fathers to ignore their roles towards their
children. Even in the time of lockdown when everyone was within their homes, the partner’s
support in taking care of the child was not as expected. Because the husband ignored, the
wife accepted the role of a nurturer. This ignorance could be analyzed based on how the
active restructuring of family relations by the state during the amendment of Panchayat laws
made women closely associated with their bodies because their roles were ascribed as
‘natural’ (Tamang, 2000: 151). I understand this as the legal gendering of mother’s role also
structured father’s role by encouraging them to avoid child care responsibilities, giving them
more power and space to neglect and enjoy the results of women’s labor.
5.2.3. COVID and Unpaid Care work
Intense fear and uncertainty, harsh deductions in livelihood opportunities, and growing food
insecurity were challenging factors in Nepalese peoples’ lives during the lockdown (Gupta et
al., 2021). During my study, the respondents, most of whom were mothers of one or two
children, had adverse effects on their mental and physical health-related areas. Their
statements showed how women in Nepal, as a vulnerable group, experienced mental and
reproductive health during the lockdown. Also, Poudel R, Dangal G, (2020) presented several
reasons behind such effects on women’s health, among which fear of being infected while
seeking medical counseling and inaccessibility of transport to travel health institutions.
Furthermore, concerning such health emergencies, like COVID-19, inquiries regarding the
division of care work among household members, and their participation in family support
during such emergencies, Sajhana replied:
Whenever I am unwell, my mother-in-law looks after me rather than the
male members of my family. Moreover, when other family members are
unwell, I care for them, and I always do such. Moreover, during the
lockdown, too, my daughter’s leg had fractured, so at that time, I took the
critical step, called my relative’s for binging their car to take her to the
hospital. Then after that, I was the only one taking all the care of her.
Being nine months pregnant from my second child, I was weak myself, but
my daughter would not accept any other’s help; thus, I had to help her in

30

Rina Bastola
all her needs by myself. If it’s not me at our home, then it is my mother-inlaw caring for the family. The males are there just commenting and telling
us what to do and what not to do rather than trying things themselves, such
as helping us in the household works.
There are two things noticeable in this response; the first one is the involvement of women in
the care works. Another is males giving opinions on the work done by women, which they
are not involved in. Relating to this, the news report of K.C. (2020) reads that patriarchal
norms pressurized women to take all the domestic duties and obligations during COVID-19
lockdown. Thus, I understand as the males in this matter are representing their patriarchal
position who have control over women and regulate their activities. Additionally, when
Sajhana mentions caring for her daughter or a sick member by only women of her house, this
nature of care work could be referred to as unpaid care work. According to Dugarova (2016),
women in all regions and countries do more unpaid care work than men during their lives.
Such disparities in the gendered division of unpaid care work stem from deeply rooted
inequalities. Thus, this is correlated to the type of care work allotted to women of Sajhana’s
family, where she mentioned, while women are a performer of care roles, men are it’s an
observer in her house. Thus, an unequal division is visible in the gendered roles of unpaid
care work during a pandemic that affected women more than men.
5.2.4. Distorted daily lives during the lockdown
When the pandemic broke out across the world, it disrupted many people's lives, including
my respondents. Women who had jobs before the pandemic lost it to the pandemic, and
women who had to change their habits and decisions due to the pandemic. Therefore, to learn
about how women were coping with their daily lives, I wished to learn about how women’s
experiences before and during the lockdown. Thus, I first inquired about how they lived their
lives before the pandemic, and one of my respondent Gita replied:
On the weekdays, after waking, I would freshen up, drink tea, and went to
morning college from 6 am- 9:30 am. After that, I would come home,
spend some time with my infant son, eat food, finish the kitchen tasks, and
then look after the house for some chores like cleaning and laundry. After
some time, I would make afternoon snacks for my family, and then I
would prepare dinner with my mother-in-law. Thus, when the dinner and
cleaning up is done, if my son is playing with his grandparents, I will have
some spare time to study and do college assignments, otherwise, if he
needs me, I had to leave the studying aside, and while taking him to bed, I
31

Rina Bastola
would also go to sleep together. On most of my normal days, my family
members I spend time with, apart from going to college to study.
Life on a typical day was simple for Gita before lockdown started. However, the schedule
and daily activities had a change in their pattern after lockdown started:
During the lockdown, all of our family members were at home, schools
and offices were closed, and all day I spent with my family members.
Usually, I would wake up in the morning, make breakfast for my family,
feed my son, and then start making preparations for lunch, then do
household chores, sit with my family members and talk with them, then
again making snacks, and later on making dinner and then after cleaning
up the kitchen, I would go to bed.
Moreover, she also shared how lockdown affected her daily life,
Lockdown had made my life a little uneasy. I am a college student too, so I
used to enjoy going to colleges and meet my friends there, I used to be a
little fresh rather than staying at home. But during the lockdown, when
every member was at home all day, sometimes I wished we could at least
go out for a walk for an hour. All of us in our family was feeling stuck
inside and felt like we were in a cage. Also, before the lockdown, I used to
do household chores in the afternoon and the evening only. Now during
the lockdown, I had tasks to do all day. Moreover, there were not any
online classes, so I was missing my studies and my friends.
One noticeable thing in Gita’s response is the imbalance between the burden of domestic
works and her student life. Although she had her in-laws support in looking after her son, she
still managed between house and college assignments. Moreover, the role of women in her
house before and after the lockdown was unchanged, where women were still taking care of
household duties, and men were not. During the lockdown, men were also at home, but their
tasks seemed minimal to care about domestic duties. Furthermore, the obstacle in educational
areas also had an undesirable impact on my respondent. Her statement indicates how she tried
to escape from household burdens and spare some of her time in her studies and friends.
Fear is an adaptive emotion that mobilizes energy in response to a possible danger (Mertens
et al., 2020), and regarding COVID-19, fears came in the form of being contaminated,
economic tensions, fear for significant others, et cetera. Thus, COVID-19 brought stress to
people’s lives and adversely affected their mental and physical health. The respondents in my
study also expressed different forms of fears, such as worries about their health, concerns for
their families, stresses about money management during the lockdown. In response to my
32

Rina Bastola
question on how was their mental state during the pandemic lockdown, my respondent Nita
answered:
Mentally, I was too scared, thought as if we are going to die. I was more
worried about my parents in Nepal. Also, I became cautious of my health
and started caring more about my health habits; in a way, I realized that
our own health comes first to tackle diseases. Moreover, I left my job due
to fear of getting infected.
It is clear that when facing a life-threatening problem, people are more conscious of either
preventing it or stressing about it. My respondent made it clear that she was concerned about
her health and her parents. Also, the fear of being infected led her to leave her job to become
safe, affecting her economic life.
Along with mental stress brought by COVID, women also dealt with physical health
problems which lacked proper health counseling due to lockdown. When lockdown started, it
was difficult for women to access transportation to attend medical appointments, which
caused an unprecedented increase in stillbirths and maternal and neonatal mortality (Poudel
R, Dangal G, 2020). Also, during the first two months of lockdown, 56 new mothers were
said to have died, and 60,000 women refused the mandatory check-up and other medical
services (Himalayan Climate Initiative, 2021). As the time was scary for the women who
were expecting child, I was curious about how my respondent coped up regarding health care
to which Sajhana, my respondent from Nepal, shared:
Lockdown mainly impacted my health because I was pregnant during that
time. Because of it, hospitals would not allow patients unless there was an
emergency, so people who were above 60 years of age, children, and even
pregnant women like me could not visit hospitals since there was a greater
risk for these people being quickly infected by corona. Also, vehicles were
also prohibited from running. The news told me not to go out of the house
besides for necessary goods. So I could not follow my regular hospital
check-ups but had to rely on a small health post nearby.
In a similar circumstance, another respondent Sima also shared her story,
My husband was going to his office sometimes, and since it was a
transportation office, there was still a crowd. So, I was scared that he
would be infected, and we all could be affected by it. I was even worried
about my unborn child. I knew everyone was scared about the infection. I
felt that whatever happens will happen for good, and if anything happens,
it will pass away.

33

Rina Bastola
From this, it is apparent how the pandemic lockdown had risked maternal health in Nepal.
Women in my study were at great risk, and the matter of health concern was not only for
themselves but also for their unborn child. Thus, the life-threatening risks went side by side
in the lives of participated women during the pandemic lockdown.
Along with health matters and household workload, women were dealing with incomegenerating activities. A report also states that during the COVID-19 lockdown in Nepal,
women’s stress levels exacerbate resource limitations at home, increased household job
burdens, unemployment, and resulting poverty (Himalayan Climate Initiative, 2021).
Considering this, respondent Sajhana also shared how economic problems had stressed her:
During the lockdown time, the income had stopped as my husband’s
garment business was closed. Likewise, he had some loans to pay, which
was impossible, and there were places where his money was stuck. My
husband’s parents also were unable to support us, and our pockets were
almost empty, banks were closed, ATMs not working, it was pretty much
a tight time. Thus, we had to control our expenses by buying only the
important goods, such as groceries, and we had to be satisfied with how
much we had at that time.
As a pregnant woman, when there are already health-related troubles she was facing,
economic stress was an added burden for Sajhana’s mental health. Moreover, there was fear
and uncertainty in her expression that was for herself and her family. Shrestha et al. (2020)
found that people’s fear of contracting the virus has restricted their social measures and
economic hardships, contributing to developing mental trauma in them. Thus, this insecurity
brought by imposed restrictions on safety from COVID also influenced a person’s mental
health and weakened it.
5.2.5. An Equilibrium
The status of Nepalese women remains poor in terms of health, education, income, and
decision-making. The patriarchal practices controlling women’s lives also continue through
legal systems. Thus, I wanted to see if my participants have some thoughts about the changes
they would want to bring in the system and practices they have been following. Regarding
what they shared about the gendered roles in household works, I asked if anything could be
done to make a harmonious environment in the home regarding roles division. Biva responds:

34

Rina Bastola
First of all, there must not be gendered roles in a household, saying which
things should be done by males and which must be done by females. For
example, before birth, when people organize gender reveal in a baby
shower, they categorize blue colors for a boy baby and pink for girls, so
what if the baby boy likes pink and girl likes blue later. As a girl, I never
liked pink, but blue. Thus, I feel that gendered roles should be eliminated
from households, there should not be roles according to a gender category,
and every child at home must learn the works they need to do rather than
learning only the categorized works. Biological divisions should not be
gendered to perform responsibilities.
Biva’s answer shows how gendered concepts are formed and incorporated in people’s
activities, even before their birth. Her view portrays that one’s household is the principal
place where they learn to act in gendered ways; thus, abolishing gendered norms must start
from there.
Similarly, to the same question, Nita says:
I think in an ideal home, there must be much sharing. For example, every
household member must trust each other, be it a daughter-in-law, or
daughter or son, everyone must trust each other and create an environment
of harmony where they could share their inner feelings in an unhesitant
manner. So that they might not feel the person they are sharing problems
with is judging them, there should be an understanding environment.
Moreover, boys and girls must be raised in an equal manner and taught
household items to sons. For example, if I stop my son from doing
particular household works when he is small, he will think it is not his
duty to do housework when he grows up. In my view, parents play an
important role in the upbringing of children to be equalist in the future.
This response depicts Nita’s idea of the significance of parenting and mutual trust to
discontinue the prevailing gendered norms and practices in the future. Likewise, I wanted to
learn their thoughts regarding sharing care work during social emergencies like COVID-19. I
asked my respondents about what is their view of family members supporting each other
during those times. To which, Sajhana says,
During such emergencies like COVID-19, I think family members should
help each other in need. Because it is not one’s neighbor that we look
towards but the family’s most essential support.
Similarly, Biva says:

35

Rina Bastola
In my view, family members must support each other, and such a
pandemic brings much mental stress and physical pain. One must not
despise if the other is infected but rather take good care of the weak. I have
heard and seen people ignoring an infected person, so they must not carry
hatred but support the infected person physically and mentally.

Both respondents believe that family support is vital during tough times of social
emergencies, including the pandemic. In addition, from all these responses, it is clear that
these women feel that family and household is an important place for learning and unlearning
gendered roles and norms. My respondents, furthermore, discuss that even though there are
patriarchal systems, women do negotiate and understand their position in a system. Homan
(2016) observes that Nepalese women consciously negotiate working traditions rather than
putting them aside by approaching people around them in their families and communities.
Therefore, from the responses of my participants, I realized that they are seeking to change
the gendered roles embedded in their families while remaining within the patriarchal
structure.

Chapter 6: Concluding Discussion
In this chapter, I will present a summary of the main findings of this study. The distance and
safety of respondents during the COVID-19 pandemic are important; thus, this study bases on
five online interviews and open-ended questions with five Nepalese informants living in
Nepal and Finland. The tool for collecting data in this study is through the Qualitative data
collection method. I have used a narrative analytical frame relating to previous studies as the
theoretical framework to elucidate the study’s central findings.
6.1. Summary of the key findings
To summarise my thesis’ observations, I have addressed the conclusions reached after
analyzing the interviews of the participants. This study has shown that Nepalese women’s
understanding of themselves as the inferior gender is shaped by familial and kinship norms
formulated in the Panchayat period, regulating women’s behavior. Thus, these norms
articulated patriarchy that values men more than women, which also separates the public
sphere for the former and the private domestic environment for the latter group. The active

36

Rina Bastola
continuation of such gendered disparities in the work division affected women and confined
them more within the domestic sphere. This situation furthered in bringing adverse effects on
different aspects of their lives during the pandemic lockdown, such as increased unpaid care
and domestic work and deterioration in health, education, careers, and mental well-being.
Although in some exceptions of a different ethnic culture where gendered norms do not
matter, many other ethnicities are regulating gendered norms. Thus, women are also opting
out options to negotiate the old norms of patriarchy and gendered roles.
According to the narratives, gender is better understood within a hierarchal kinship and
family system that values masculine more than the feminine. This meaning is defined by
patriarchy-led kinship relations in Nepalese households, which arranged separate spheres,
males for the public and females for the private. Such bargaining also allows men have more
free choices of avoiding household works than women.
Similarly, to modernize the country in the Panchayat era, Nepal's Hindu male state elites
portrayed it as a nation of powerful and brave warriors by restricting women’s behavior and
participation in growth. Such limitations have shaped how women point out meanings
regarding the roles of men and women in their family, which they saw and performed during
their lives. According to the narrative of women in my study, they see themselves as fit to a
proper housemaker's roles whereas men as the economic provider, thus belonging to the
private and public spheres, respectively. This notion has furthered the existence of a
patriarchal system and practice where men govern women’s control, making women see
themselves as the inferior and men the superior.
However, in my study, I found that women’s statuses differ from one group to another. The
Newar respondent portrayed equal distribution of tasks for both males and females in the
public and private sphere. This experience differs from my other ethnic groups, like
Brahmins mentioned in my study, who follow the strict Hindu code where women’s roles
mainly restrict household affairs. Nonetheless, it is also visible that discourses designed as
study materials play an important role in directing young minds to learn about gendered roles
and patriarchal norms even if their household keeps them away from learning.
Furthermore, women’s career and education negotiations are attached to their child care and
domestic duties. They have to make compromises in their desired jobs when they have small
37

Rina Bastola
children to look after. At times, even their partners are unsupportive of what they want to
achieve as a career goal. Thus, in a familial environment, childcare is considered feminine
rather than masculine, which hinders women in their desired pursuits.
In a household, when women are economically dependent on their partner or household
members due to their care roles, they have to endure the rank of a helpless, devalued member
in a family. Women’s gendered position in their households also makes them more
vulnerable during social emergencies like the COVID-19 pandemic. Looking at the economic
situation of women during the lockdown, job insecurity and economic dependency are major
problems they face due to their position as a devalued gender and the patriarchal control over
their earnings. Similarly, the legal gendering of women in natural caretakers also prompts
men to ignore their duties as caregivers in their home, adding burden to women only. Such
custom worsens women’s situation and adds a load of providing overall support work during
lockdowns, when schools and offices are closed, and everyone is confined at home. This kind
of support work is unpaid and often goes unaccounted for by men in a household.
COVID-19 lockdown harmed Nepalese women's physical, mental, and emotional health, also
distorting their daily lives. Likewise, fear of being infected, inaccessibility to proper health
care during pregnancy, economic problems increased mental stress in women during the
pandemic lockdown. Compared to the situation before lockdown when they enjoyed more
freedom in their jobs or colleges outside of their domestic environment, home confinement
limited such activities. Due to distorted schedules during the lockdown, the added burden of
household tasks, and minor support from men of the household, women felt trapped inside
their households.
Women are aware of the inequalities they experience in their domestic environment, and they
understand the grasps of gendered familial and kinship norms in their surroundings.
However, they value family relationships which are most needed during times of difficulties
like the pandemic. Thus, they pursue change in their situation by redefining the patriarchy-led
gendered roles by remaining in the same system.
6.2. Concluding remarks and further research

38

Rina Bastola
This thesis provides insight into the gendered inequalities in Nepalese households and their
impact upon women during the COVID-19 lockdown. It indicates that laws formulated
during the historical Panchayat period regulated state patriarchy, interfering with the familial
and kinship relations for gendered roles in Nepalese households.
For the formation of gendered roles in the domestic sphere in Nepal, the historical process of
Nepali women in development during the Panchayat period has played an important role.
Thus, the laws made during that period governed families and women’s activities,
implementing state patriarchy in familial relationships that further separated women’s sphere
as the private and domestic and males outside. Thus, the continuation of those historical
norms is evident in my research finding where most women are relegated to domestic rules,
furthering gendered roles in domestic realms. Furthermore, the gendered household work
pressure and minor support from the males in the domestic sphere have affected women’s
well-being. This situation led to an increase in women’s economic dependence on men and
education discontinuity, job instability, and the burden of unpaid domestic and childcare
tasks during the pandemic lockdown.
While conducting this research, I noticed several issues related to the status of women
confined to the domestic world and devalued by gendered roles. For instance, evaluation of
familial norms regarding the roles of women in the domestic spheres, address to the equal
participation of each family members in care works and household labor, and active
counseling of family members to support women during social and health-related
emergencies would be notable for studying in further research.

39

Rina Bastola
Sources and Literature
Action Aid Nepal. (n.d.). Unpaid Care Work. Retrieved April 27, 2021, from
https://nepal.actionaid.org/women/unpaid-care-work
Aguirre, D., & Pietropaoli, I. (2008). Gender Equality, Development and Transitional Justice:
The Case of Nepal. International Journal of Transitional Justice, 2(3), 356–377.
https://doi.org/10.1093/ijtj/ijn027
Archibald, M. M., Ambagtsheer, R. C., Casey, M. G., & Lawless, M. (2019). Using Zoom
Videoconferencing for Qualitative Data Collection: Perceptions and Experiences of
Researchers and Participants. International Journal of Qualitative Methods, 18,
160940691987459. https://doi.org/10.1177/1609406919874596
Babbie, E. (2014). The Practice of Social Research. Cengage Learning.
Bennett, L. (1983). Dangerous Wives and sacred sisters: Social and symbolic roles of highcaste women in Nepal. Columbia University Press.
Bhandari, S. (2013). Cultural Conception and Silent Acceptance of Stereotypes: A Critical
Study on Nepalese Women’s Situation. The School of Mission and Theology (MHS).
Bryman, A. (2012). Social Research Methods (4th ed.). Oxford University Press.
Da Silva, J. M. (2019). Why You Should Care About Unpaid Care Work. OECD:
Development Matters. https://oecd-development-matters.org/2019/03/18/why-youshould-care-about-unpaid-care-work/
Dube, L. (1997). Women and kinship : Comparative perspectives on gender in South and
South-East Asia. United Nations University Press.
Dugarova, E. (2016). Unpaid care work in times of the COVID-19 crisis : Gendered impacts ,
emerging evidence and promising policy responses. UN Expert Group Meeting
“Families in Development: Assessing Progress, Challenges and Emerging Issues. Focus
on Modalities for IYF+30,” 1–19. https://data.unwomen.org/resources/covid-19emerging-gender-data-and-why-it-matters,
Forum for Women Law and Development. (2006). An Update of Discriminatory Laws in
Nepal and Their Impact on Women: A Review of the Current Situation and Proposals
for Change. Forum for Women Law and Development. https://fwld.org/wpcontent/uploads/2016/07/An-Update-of-Discriminatory-Laws-in-Nepal-and-theirimpact-on-Women.pdf
Gilbert, K. (1993). Legal Rights and Social Strategies: An Ethnographic History of Family
Law in Modern Nepal. Yale University.
40

Rina Bastola
Giri, S., Khadka, S., Ranabhat, S., & Agha, M. (2020). Gender Issue in COVID-19
Pandemic. Journal of Karnali Academy of Health Sciences, 3(2), 152–158.
https://doi.org/10.3126/jkahs.v3i2.31238
Gupta, D., Fischer, H., Shrestha, S., Shoaib Ali, S., Chhatre, A., Devkota, K., Fleischman, F.,
Khatri, D. B., & Rana, P. (2021). Dark and bright spots in the shadow of the pandemic:
Rural livelihoods, social vulnerability, and local governance in India and Nepal. World
Development, 141, 105370. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.worlddev.2020.105370
Gyanwali, G. P. (2020). Socio-Cultural Impacts of COVID-19 in Nepal. Molung Educational
Frontier, 10, 13–26. https://doi.org/10.3126/mef.v10i0.34054
Himalayan Climate Initiative. (2021). COVID-19 & The New Normal for Women in the
Economy in Nepal. In South Asia Economic Forum.
https://asiafoundation.org/publication/covid-19-the-new-normal-for-women-in-theeconomy-in-nepal/
Homan, S. (2016). “YOU CAN’T BE A FEMINIST AND BE A DAUGHTER-IN-LAW”:
NEGOTIATIONS OF HONOUR AND WOMANHOOD IN URBAN NEPAL [University
of Adelaide]. http://dsal.uchicago.edu/dictionaries/schmidt/.
K.C., L. (2020). How COVID-19 Worsens Gender Inequality in Nepal. The Diplomat.
https://thediplomat.com/2020/06/how-covid-19-worsens-gender-inequality-in-nepal/
Kafle, R. S. (2017). Experiences of Immigrant Nepalese Women Workers in South Korea: A
Study [The Artic University of Norway]. https://munin.uit.no/handle/10037/11951
Lorber, J. (2018). The Social Construction of Gender. In The Inequality Reader (pp. 318–
325). Routledge. https://doi.org/10.4324/9780429494468-36
Luna, K. C. (2019). Conflict, disaster and changing gender roles in Nepal: women’s
everyday experiences [Wageningen University]. https://doi.org/10.18174/466013
Mahato, P., Tamang, P., Simkhada, P., Shahi, P., Teijlingen, E. van, Aryal, N., & Regmi, P.
(2020). Effects of COVID-19 during lockdown in Nepal. Europasian Journal of
Medical Sciences, 2(2), 1–6. https://doi.org/10.46405/ejms.v2i2.91
Maiti Nepal. (n.d.). Advocacy/ Awareness. Retrieved April 27, 2021, from
https://maitinepal.org/program/advocacy-awareness/
Mertens, G., Gerritsen, L., Duijndam, S., Salemink, E., & Engelhard, I. M. (2020). Fear of
the coronavirus (COVID-19): Predictors in an online study conducted in March 2020.
Journal of Anxiety Disorders, 74(April), 102258.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.janxdis.2020.102258
Nations, D. (2020). What is Facebook? Lifewire. https://www.lifewire.com/what-is41

Rina Bastola
facebook-3486391
Nepal Human Development Report. (2014). Beyond Geography, Unlocking Human
Potential.
Nepal Research Institute, & CARE Nepal. (2020). Rapid Gender Analysis Report on COVID19 Nepal, 2020. http://www.careevaluations.org/wp-content/uploads/Nepal-FinalReport_RGA.pdf
Patton, M. Q. (2002). Qualitative Research and Evaluation Methods (3rd ed.). Sage.
Pokharel, S. (2008). Gender Discrimination : Women Perspective. Nepalese Journal of
Development and Rural Studies, 5(2), 80–87.
Poudel R, Dangal G, C. D. (2020). The Impact of COVID-19 on Women ’ s Health in Nepal.
Kathmandu University Medical Journal, 70(2), 113–114.
Power, K. (2020). The COVID-19 pandemic has increased the care burden of women and
families. Sustainability: Science, Practice and Policy, 16(1), 67–73.
https://doi.org/10.1080/15487733.2020.1776561
Rana, B. (2021, April 13). Women’s Unpaid Care Work: Let’s Recognise It. The Himalayan
Times.
Rayamajhee, B., Pokhrel, A., Syangtan, G., Khadka, S., Lama, B., Rawal, L. B., Mehata, S.,
Mishra, S. K., Pokhrel, R., & Yadav, U. N. (2021). How Well the Government of Nepal
Is Responding to COVID-19? An Experience From a Resource-Limited Country to
Confront Unprecedented Pandemic. Frontiers in Public Health, 9.
https://doi.org/10.3389/fpubh.2021.597808
Reddy, V., Zondi, N., & Mkhize, G. (2020). Gendered and feminist inequalities: A review
and framing notes. Agenda, 34(1), 1–13.
https://doi.org/10.1080/10130950.2020.1767887
Riessman, C. K. (2008). Narrative Methods for the Human Sciences. Sage.
Seidman, I. (2006). Interviewing as Qualitative Research: A Guide for Researchers in
Education and the Social Sciences. Teachers College Press.
Serchan, S. (2001). Demography, Pluralism, and Change: An Inquiry in the Nepalese
Context. Chhye Pahuppe.
Sharma, M., & Tamang, S. (2016). A Difficult Transition: The Nepal Papers. In M. Sharma
& S. Tamang (Eds.), Zubaan.
Shrestha, D. B., Thapa, B. B., Katuwal, N., Shrestha, B., Pant, C., Basnet, B., Mandal, P.,
Gurung, A., Agrawal, A., & Rouniyar, R. (2020). Psychological Distress in Nepalese
Residents During COVID-19 pandemic: A Community Level Survey. BMC Psychiatry,
42

Rina Bastola
20(1), 491. https://doi.org/10.1186/s12888-020-02904-6
Silverman, D. (2013). Doing qualitative research: A practical handbook. Sage.
Social Science Baha. (2019). Lecture Series. https://soscbaha.org/lecture-series/the-fragileyam-nepali-stateness-and-the-renegotiation-of-gendered-citizenship/
Subedi, S. (2016, January 1). Raising children. The Kathmandu Post.
https://kathmandupost.com/opinion/2016/01/01/raising-children
Tamang, S. (2000). Legalizing state patriarchy in Nepal. Studies in Nepali History and
Society, 5(1), 127–156.
Tamang, S. (2002). Dis-embedding the sexual/social contract: Citizenship and gender in
Nepal. Citizenship Studies, 6(3), 309–324.
https://doi.org/10.1080/1362102022000011630
Tamang, S. (2009). The politics of conflict and difference or the difference of conflict in
politics: The women’s movement in Nepal. Feminist Review, 91(1), 61–80.
https://doi.org/10.1057/fr.2008.50
Thapa, G. S. (2009). “How Gender Affects Decision Making - A Case Study of TibetoBurmese Women in Kobang VDC, Mustang, Nepal.” University of Bergen.
VanEvery, J. (1997). Understanding gendered inequality: Reconceptualizing housework.
Women’s Studies International Forum, 20(3), 411–420. https://doi.org/10.1016/S02775395(97)00024-1
WATCH. (n.d.). Vision and Mission. Retrieved April 27, 2021, from
http://watch.org.np/vision-and-mission/
We, Buhari. (n.d.). Home [Facebook Page]. Retrieved January 15, 2021, from
https://www.facebook.com/groups/440821476294645
Webster, J., & Watson, R. T. (2002). Analyzing the Past to Prepare for the Future: Writing a
Literature Review. MIS Quarterly, 26(2), xiii–xxiii. https://doi.org/10.1.1.104.6570
Women Act. (n.d.). What We Do. Retrieved April 27, 2021, from
http://www.womenact.org.np
Women Development Advocacy Center. (n.d.). Our Story. Retrieved April 27, 2021, from
http://www.wdac.org.np
WOREC. (n.d.). Who We Are. Retrieved April 27, 2021, from https://www.worecnepal.org
Yle. (2020). Women in Finland more educated than men, but still do burnt of housework. Yle
Uutiset.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/women_in_finland_more_educated_than_men_but_still
_do_brunt_of_housework/11516426
43

Rina Bastola
Yle. (2021). Few Among Exposed Turku Students Test Positive for Covid. Yle Uutiset.
https://yle.fi/uutiset/osasto/news/few_among_exposed_turku_students_test_positive_for
_covid/11850038
Zhu, N., Zhang, D., Wang, W., Li, X., Yang, B., Song, J., Zhao, X., Huang, B., Shi, W., Lu,
R., Niu, P., Zhan, F., Ma, X., Wang, D., Xu, W., Wu, G., Gao, G. F., & Tan, W. (2020).
A Novel Coronavirus from Patients with Pneumonia in China, 2019. New England
Journal of Medicine, 382(8), 727–733. https://doi.org/10.1056/nejmoa2001017

44

