Confronting a Second Trail of Tears
Portrayals of indigenous people as climate change refugees with emphasis on
decoloniality and Native voices through documentaries

Ronja Lemström, 40144
Master's thesis in Comparative Religion
Supervisor: Jan Svanberg
Opponents: Anton Johansson, Aia Liljeqvist
Faculty of Arts, Psychology and Theology
Åbo Akademi University
Spring 2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR HUMANIORA, PSYKOLOGI OCH
TEOLOGI
Abstrakt för avhandling pro gradu
Ämne: Religionsvetenskap
Författare: Ronja Lemström
Arbetets titel: Confronting a Second Trail of Tears
Portrayals of indigenous people as climate change refugees with emphasis on
decoloniality and Native voices through documentaries
Handledare: Jan Svanberg
Klimatförändringen berör oss alla, och vetskapen om den har ökat under de senaste
årtiondena. De som utsätts för klimatförändringen mest är de folkgrupper som redan är
marginaliserade och därmed socio-ekonomiskt utsatta. I denna avhandling fokuserar jag på
en specifik stam, Isle de Jean Charles band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw, som har utsetts
till de första klimatflyktingarna i USA. Jag valde att utgå ifrån två dokumentärer om hur
klimatförändringens konsekvenser inverkar på ursprungsbefolkningen i USA, specifikt på
den ovannämnda stammen. Dokumentärerna visar hur det ser ut på ön och hurudan
situationen är för ursprungsbefolkningen. Jag har valt att betona ursprungsbefolkningens
röster, eftersom de har tystats ner av samhället, och det har jag gjort genom att utgå ifrån
ursprungsbefolkningens perspektiv som lyfts fram i dokumentärerna.

Dokumentärerna porträtterar samhället på ön och hur klimatförändringen har bidragit till
att stammen har måste ändra sitt levnadssätt för att kunna existera och upprätthålla sina
traditioner, kultur och historia. Verkligheten är den att stammen måste förflytta sig för att
kunna överleva, men vad kan de göra när de inte har de ekonomiska möjligheterna och
stammen är inte erkända av USA vilket leder till att de inte kan få ekonomiska stöd till
flyttningen.
Porträtteringen i dokumentärerna lyfts fram genom dekolonialiseringsteorin och
ideologianalys, som i sin tur påpekar konsekvenserna av kolonialismen och hur det berör
ursprungsbefolkningen än i denna dag.

Nyckelord: Dekolonialitet, ursprungsbefolkning, stereotyper, dokumentärer
Datum: 31.5.2021
Sidoantal: 64
Abstraktet godkänt som mognadsprov:

Table of contents
1 Introduction

1

1.1 Purpose

2

1.2 Positioning

3

1.3 The usage of the term 'Native American'

4

1.4 The Native American identity

5

1.5 Climate refugee

8

1.6 History of Native Americans in the USA

9

1.6.1 Trail of Tears
1.7 Isle de Jean Charles band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe
2 Theory and Method
2. 1 Theory

10
10
13
13

2.1.1 Colonialism

13

2.1.2 Coloniality

14

2.1.3 Decolonization

15

2.1.4 Decoloniality

16

2.1.5 Stereotypes

17

2.2.1 Ideology analysis

19

2.2.2 Critical ideology analysis

22

3 The Documentaries

24

3.1 "Can't Stop the Water"

24

3.2 "Island Road"

25

4 Analysis
4.1 "Can't Stop the Water"

27
27

4.1.1 Drumming

27

4.1.2 The mentioning of Trail of Tears

29

4.1.3 Other members

30

4.1.4 UN headquarters

31

4.1.5 New location

34

4.2 "Island Road"

36

4.2.1 The message

36

4.2.2 Reality

37

4.2.3 Community

38

4.2.4 Progress

39

4.2.5 Betrayal
4.3 Discussing the documentaries

41
43

5 Summary and discussion

46

Summary in Swedish - Svensk sammanfattning

51

Bibliography

56

1 Introduction
Climate change has been a common topic on the different media outlets during the
last decade, and yet there are no signs that the topicality of climate change would
decrease in the next few years. Everyone is affected by the consequences of climate
change, which we have not seen the real effect of yet, but it is the most marginalized
and oppressed people who are affected the most.
Indigenous peoples' way of treating the Earth have been romanticized, when it is
mentioned in mass media or in some discussions that are held even on an academic
level. It is only in the more recent conversations, that are held on social media and in
media in general, where the indigenous peoples' outlook is legitimized as a valid
approach to be considered in the current discussions, and not only assume that
indigenous people are only a part of the past or a part of the non-academic approach.
Since the conversations about climate change are also held on a non-academic level
it has resulted in many individuals, who identify themselves as indigenous peoples,
criticizing the power and role of colonialism in their everyday lives. There are many
active individuals on many different social media platforms, who might be
categorized as activists, who have been very vocal about their experiences of what it
is like to live with colonial oppression, but also how they rebel against it. Climate
change, as already mentioned, affects everyone, but especially those who are already
marginalized in society. This is witnessed by the different activists and other
individuals who have chosen to take part in the discussion. The conversation is
based upon the individual experiences, which also includes the specific tribe and the
1

geographical location that obviously affect the individual's positioning and therefore
the conversation that is held. As an example, a conversation held in Louisiana is
very different to one that is held in Alaska, because of the different situations that
have affected the traditional life as well as the everyday life the different tribes and
communities accustomed to.
I consider it essential to emphasize the fact that the conversation is held on the
different levels, to emphasize that the conversation is held on an non-academic level
as well as it is held by individuals who are affected by the conversation. It is of
highest importance to accentuate and to take into consideration the voices that have
been oppressed for centuries by colonialism and the society that still maintains these
structures, as well as to emphasize that the oppressed are not to be reduced to a pawn
because they are an active part of the conversation.

1.1 Purpose

The purpose of this thesis is to emphasize how the indigenous peoples, and in this
thesis specifically, Native Americans are affected by climate change and the
consequences of it. The focus of the thesis is on a specific tribe, Isle de Jean Charles
band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe, which are considered the first climate
refugees of the USA. The main purpose is to analyze the portrayals of Native
Americans in documentaries that give the impression that they are narrating from the
Native American perspective, accentuating Native American voices on matters of
traditions, community, and their connection to their ancestral lands and history. The
focus is on the portrayals of the stereotypes, and how the stereotypes are present in
the documentaries, in this case related to climate change and being climate refugees.
I will be focusing especially on questions about what the tribe wants to do when
faced with the consequences of climate change, and how it is portrayed in the
documentaries. As there are many different factors to consider it is important to be
aware of stereotypes and how they are still an active part of the portrayals, especially
2

considering indigenous peoples. The context is climate change and its consequences,
becoming a refugee, and the Native American narration, therefore the purpose of the
thesis is to analyze the how the portrayals of the different stereotypes are still
included even though the material is produced in the 2010's, which presumably
would indicate the lack of stereotypes included. There is also an emphasis on how
some Native Americans have chosen to narrate their experiences, or how their
stories have been narrated, to highlight the Native American voices. I have chosen to
emphasize the different stereotypes in these documentaries, as it is problematic to
assume the stereotypes do not exist anymore.

1.2 Positioning

The positioning is very important in this thesis as I am a white, Finnish academic
who has never experienced colonial oppression, racism, or any other kind of
oppression that is rooted in prejudices towards an ethnicity or historical background.
I want to emphasize the Native American voices and the Native American
perspective as it is not my right as a white academic to be the one to liberate, ignore
or silence the non-white. It is worth mentioning that there is a tendency to exotify
the non-white as well as to still uphold the ideology of whites being superior to nonwhites. This thesis will be written from an outside-perspective as it is impossible for
a white academic to be considered a part of the inside-perspective, even though they
might have researched the topic extensively. I have chosen to study this specific
issue, even though I am a white person, because I consider it to be the least I can do,
to highlight the issues faced by indigenous peoples, especially in the context of
climate change. I have chosen this topic as I am very interested and engaged in the
discussion about climate change and its consequences, therefore this topic is an
obvious choice for me.

3

1.3 The usage of the term 'Native American'

In this thesis I will be using the term Native American to refer to the indigenous
peoples that are indigenous to the North American continent. There are many terms
that are used to refer to these indigenous peoples, some of them being: Native
American, American Indian, First Nation, First American, Amerind and American
Aboriginal, and there is not an over-arching agreement on which term is the most
accurate. The term indigenous peoples are a wider used term, which includes all the
indigenous peoples around the world, which for this thesis, is not specific enough.
The term Indian is also used in different situations, one being as some Native
Americans use it about themselves or about their tribe, some use it as a synonym for
Native American and in some cases, it is used for official institutions, for example is
the Bureau of Indian Affairs. In this thesis the term that will be used is Native
American when there is a need for a generalization.
The most politically correct term would probably be the name of the tribe, but when
there is a need to generalize some statements or when discussing the indigenous
people in a specific geographical area it is easier to use Native American. As this
thesis will be emphasizing the voices of the Native Americans, it is important to
accentuate that individuals also have different preferences as to which term they are
using, whether it is Native American, tribe specific or Indian.

4

1.4 The Native American identity

Many different aspects may be problematized when discussing the Native American
identity. The problematization starts already with the discussion of what term is the
correct one to use, Native American or Indian, and who has the right to use it. Is the
Native American identity built upon a Pan-Indian, a tribe specific or on individual
perspectives and experiences? Are there certain demands that are supposed to be met
to be able to identify oneself as Native American, or is the individual the authority of
their own identity?
As this thesis is discussing the indigenous peoples of North America who are native
to the geographical area, which is occupied by the USA, the term Native American
will be used. Because of the colonialist history and the bureaucracy of the USA, in
the historic as well as in the present context, it is not as easy to identify as a Native
American as one would think. Identity may be constructed on many levels: the
individual, the social, the biological, the legal and the cultural. The ethnogenetic
aspect is also a factor in the identification, especially in this case of the USA. There
are 574 federally recognized tribes in the USA, and 231 of them are tribes located in
Alaska. These are tribes that are legally recognized by the Bureau of Indian Affairs
(BIA). In these federally recognized tribes are individuals who are members of the
tribe, in some cases they are born into one tribe, which makes them automatically
members and therefore legally have the identity of a Native American, and some
individuals have to prove their heritage.1 A minor part of these federally recognized
tribes have casino rights, which has led to difficulties becoming enrolled in these
tribes, and in some cases tribes have decided that certain individuals cannot remain a
members of the tribe, they have been disenrolled.2 The consequences of this action is
that the Native Americans also lose a part of their identity, history and culture,
which has been compared to self-imposed genocide.3

1

Horse, Perry G. Native American Identity (2005) p.63–64
Last Real Indians Disenrollment is an Existential Threat (April 5, 2020)
3
Ladue, Robin A. Economics of Disenrollment Tribal Business Journal
2

5

A part of the federally recognized tribes use the old-fashioned blood quantumcriteria, which demands that the individuals needs to be able to prove their Native
American heritage, in percentages. An example is Navajo Nation where the demand
is that both parents must be at least 25 % Navajo, otherwise the child cannot be a
part of the tribe.4 There are tribes that are not recognized by BIA and therefore have
no legal safety for neither the tribe nor its members. The non-recognized tribes
might have been a part of those who during the Indian Reorganization Act of 1930
chose to not apply for recognition, and even more than fifty years later have not been
convinced that it was an act of force assimilation. The Indian termination policy
occurred between the 1940's to the 1960's and it was motivated by the idea that
Native Americans must become a part of the American society, and therefore they
had to abolish their traditions and become "civilized". This policy was realized fast,
with or without consent, so that the Native Americans would be able to live as
Americans.5 The reason behind this policy was that the Congress wanted to
terminate their obligation to offer services to Native Americans, for example the
trusteeship of the reservations.6 Former senator of Colorado, Ben Nighthorse
Campbell (Northern Cheyenne) stated:
If you can't change them, absorb them until they simply disappear into mainstream culture… In
Washington's infinite wisdom, it was decided that tribes should no longer be tribes, never mind that
they had been tribes for thousands of years. (2017: 14)

Many of those who have been disenrolled or are a member of a non-recognized tribe,
consider these policies and structures to be not only bureaucratic but also racist,
oppressive, humiliating and desperately colonialist.7
The Oglala Lakota activist Russell Means (1939-2012), who was active in the
American Indian Movement (AIM), was concerned about the future of the Native
American way of living and that the culture would disappear, even though the
number of Native Americans would increase, "We might speak our language, we
might look like Indians and sound like Indians, but we won't be Indians.".8 This
4

Chow, Kat So What Exactly is 'Blood Quantum'? (February 9, 2018) NPR.org
Encyclopædia of Britannica "Native American: Termination", retrieved March 1st, 2021
6
Zimmerman jr, William The Role of the Bureau of Indian Affairs Since 1933 (1957) p.36
7
Ladue, Economics of Disenrollment
8
Peroff, Nicholas the Autobiography of Russell Means (1995) p.492
5

6

statement raises the question of what is demanded to become or be a Native
American. The Cherokee Chief (1985-1995) Wilma Mankiller (1945-2010) believed
"An Indian is an Indian regardless of the degree of Indian blood or which little
government card they do or do not possess."9
The Cherokee journalist and academic Steve Russell have discussed the Native
American racial identity and has stated that:
American Indians have always had the theoretical option of removing themselves from a tribal
community and becoming legally white. American law has made it easy for Indians to disappear
because that disappearance has always been necessary to the 'Manifest Destiny' 10 that the United
States span the continent that after all, occupied. (2002: 68)

Russell carries on to state that Native Americans are a part of a community before
they are a part of a race. The cultural identity is also discussed, but it is even harder
to define as it is assumed that the definition is done in the historical- and cultural
discourses, and therefore it may be a part of the individual's positioning instead of
identity.11

9

Miles, Torrel Men of No Nation: The Creek Freedmen and the Fight for Inclusion
Manifest destiny was a doctrine duing 1830–40's. It considered the predestined thought of USA's
expansion to the Pacific Ocean. This doctrine was used to encourage the American expansion. It had
a new rise in the 1890's when Alaska was bought. Encyclopædia of Britannica "Manifest Destiny",
retrieved February 24th, 2021.
11
Hall, Stuart & Du Gay, Paul Questions of Cultural Identity (1997)
10

7

1.5 Climate refugee
Climate refugee is a relatively new concept, and there is not yet an established
definite definition. Earlier in the discussion, in a historical context, about climate
change and refugeeness there has been a need for another term, environmental
migrant. The concept of an environmental migrant was already introduced in 1976,
by the US environmental analyst Lester Brown, and it has also been used by the
United Nations (UN) and therefore it became an established concept. An
environmental migrant is defined as a person who is forced to migrate from one
geographical area because of, as an example, the soil is not fertile anymore and
therefore the person or the community have to move, to ensure their ability to
provide for their family.12
Climate refugee is the newer concept as it has been used for the first time in 201713,
but the definition is still not definite as it changes by the purpose of usage. Climate
refugee has been used in articles about, specifically, indigenous peoples need to flee
from their ancestral homes and ancestral lands since in some cases the land has
literally disappeared due to the sea level rising. In the cases where the term climate
change refugee is used, it is to indicate that the situation is permanent, as it cannot be
prevented, or the area cannot recover from it.
It is also important to note that climate refugee is not a legal status, it is an issue that
has been omitted from UN's defintion of refugee:

As a result of events occurring before 1 January 1951 and owing to well-founded fear of being
persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or
political opinion, is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or, owing to such fear, is
unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country; or who, not having a nationality and being
outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events, is unable or, owing to
such fear, is unwilling to return to it.14
12

Brown, Lester (1976). twenty two dimensions of the population problem, Worldwatch Paper 5
Curtis, Kimberly "Climate Refugees" Explained, 2017, UN Dispatch
14
UNHCR - The 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees
13

8

Climate refugee is going to be used throughout this thesis, as the status is permanent
and an urgent situation to address. As climate refugee is not included in UN's
definition it has not been established in a wider perspective, yet. The significance of
inclusion would be that the issue would be considered as a serious note, and
therefore differentiating it from the conversation that includes the "climate change is
a hoax"- aspect.

1.6 History of Native Americans in the USA
Native American history has been told through the white man's perspective over
again, therefore history has been distorted according to the colonial standards, which
have been used for the general narrative.15
Usually, the Native American history telling starts with the arrival of Columbus in
1492 in the Bahamas, sometimes the Vikings arriving to North America hundreds of
years earlier is mentioned. What these two narratives have in common is that the
Native American history is dependent on the white man's confirmation, as the Native
American history does not start before the white man is interacting with the
indigenous people.16
The way Native American history is told, is always by presenting certain events,
such as the arrival of Columbus, massacre of Wounded Knee 1890 and the Trail of
Tears. Sometimes a romanticized version of Pocahontas is included to achieve some
sort of diversity. The most problematic aspect about the history telling is that the
focus is on the negative aspects, such as mass hangings, massacres and at the same
time the Native Americans are portrayed as primitives and as savages. When the
white man has evolved, there is no thought about being a similar evolution of Native
Americans.

15
16

Native American History Timeline, history.org
Native American History Timeline, history.org

9

1.6.1 Trail of Tears

In 1830 President Andrew Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which divided
and distributed the land west of the Mississippi River, to Native American tribes as
part of an exchange of their native lands being taken from them. In 1836 the last of
the Creek leave their native land, heading towards Oklahoma. The 15,000 Creeks
that left for Oklahoma, more than 3,500 died because of the travel. In 1838 only
2,000 Cherokees had left, which led to President Van Buren to enlist General Scott
and 7,000 troops to speed up the process. This was done by holding the Native
Americans at gunpoint and marching them 1,200 miles. More than 5,000 Cherokees
did not survive the journey. The tribes affected were Choctaw, Creek, Cherokee and
others. These relocations of Native American tribes are known as the Trail of
Tears.17

1.7 Isle de Jean Charles band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe
Isle de Jean Charles (IDJC) is a narrow ridge of land in Terrebonne Parish,
Louisiana. Isle de Jeans Charles band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe is one of
the state's recognized tribes and for over 170 years IDJC has been the tribe's home.
IDJC has been a subject for coastal erosion for a long time, and at this moment
Louisiana loses an area the size of a football field per 90 minutes.18 Since 1955 IDJC
has lost 98% of its land area because of the saline water pushes inwards and the
subsidence.19
The Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe moved to IDJC because of the Indian
Removal Act of 1830 and the Trail of Tears, as instead of being forced to move
beyond the Mississippi the tribe fled. Until 1930's the tribe had not had any
connection with the mainland. The people living on the mainland did not have any
17

Native American History Timeline, history.org
The First Offical Climate Refugees in the U.S. Race Against Time
19
Growing old together on a sinking island
18

10

information of a tribe living in the archipelago of Louisiana, because of the tribe
being self-sustainable as they were fishing, oystering and farming, they had no need
for connection with the mainland. In the 1930's the first residential school in
Louisiana was built, meant only for Native Americans. In the late 1950's a high
school was founded in Houma, and it becomes Louisiana’s first Native American
high school. A road was built to IDJC in 1953, but since it crosses water, it is
exposed to erosion and floods.20
In the 1940's companies started dredging and offshore oil drilling, which led to the
erosion intensifying. The oil pipelines that are led down in the water close by IDJC
is the cause of saline water mixing with fresh water, which caused the wetlands and
the marshes to disappear. As the saline water pushed inwards the trees died, and that
left IDJC even more exposed for hurricanes, as the tropical storms had a new way of
accessing IDJC than before. Many of the Native Americans being interviewed has
stated that before "you could ride out the storm" nowadays there is no guarantees
that the houses are still in their place when the people return after the hurricane has
passed, because the storms are more powerful than before, and the consequences are
devastating. The hurricane season lasts from June to November, and one hurricane
passes in four to five days. The hurricanes are becoming more frequent than before,
as there could be one hurricane pass in four years, and nowadays four to five
hurricanes can pass in a season.21 22
The erosion the hurricanes and the generally bad accessibility to the mainland has
contributed to even more people, those who can afford it, moving to the mainland.
This has led to the community becoming fragmented and it has become even more
difficult to maintain a sense of continuity, which has become the main reason for
chief Albert Naquin's quest for applying for financial grants from the USA. The
reason being to maintain the traditions of the culture and to be able to save the tribe
itself, where the community plays a key part.23 The tribe would not have to worry so

20

"Can't Stop the Water"
Ferris, J & Marshall Ferris, R. "Can't Stop the Water"
22
In Louisiana, Rising Seas Threathen Native Americans' Land
23
Rising Sea Levels Creating First Native American Climate Change Refugees
21

11

much if the original plan of Morganza-to-the-Gulf Protection Levee24 would be
built, as it included IDJC. The plan changed and the current plan excludes IDJC, and
therefore the tribe has no other option that to move themselves or be forced to
move.25
Chief Naquin had to fight ten years for a positive answer from USA, which came
2016, but has changed since then. One of the biggest problems is that the tribe is
recognized only in Louisiana, but they must be recognized on a federal level to be
able to apply and receive the financial aid that is provided by the Bureau of Indian
Affairs' budgets.26

24

Morganza-to-the-Gulf Protection Levee is a part of the Morganza-to-the Gulf Hurrican Protection
System, which is a levee, lock and floodgate system, made to provdie a 100-year protection against
category 3 storm. Morganza.org
25
Dermansky, Julie Louisiana Breaks Ground on Isle de Jean Charles Resettlment Project Amid
Pandemic, DeSmog.com
26
Dermansky Louisiana Breaks Ground on Isle de Jean Charles Resettlment Project Amid Pandemic

12

2 Theory and Method
In this chapter the method and theory of this thesis is presented. The theory chosen is
decoloniality, which by necessity requires an understanding of colonialism. Due to
this colonialism, coloniality and decolonialism are explained. The method for the
thesis is ideology analysis and even more specifically critical ideology analysis.

2. 1 Theory
Decoloniality is used in this thesis, and to understand decoloniality this chapter
includes the presentations of colonialism, coloniality and decolonialism as well as
the historical backgrounds are included. This is done to provide a context from
which decoloniality, and the theories have begun. I made an attempt to include
diversity in the decoloniality discussions, as there is a tendency to refer to Mignolo,
Fanon and Maldonando-Torres as some of them refer to each other in their articles, I
decided to include Ndlovu-Gatsheni to emphasize the need for diversity.

2.1.1 Colonialism

Western colonialism is an ideology, a phenomenon that describes the European
explorations, conquests, settlements and exploitations of vast areas of the world.
Western colonialism started during the Renaissance and eventually evolved into
European imperialism27. First into "Old Imperialism" where the Europeans focused

27

Imperialism is defined as a policy of extending a country's power and influence through
colonization, use of military force, or other means. Encyclopædia of Britannica, retrieved: 30 May
2021 "Imperialism"

13

on trade routes to Far East, New World as well as they established settlements in
North and South America and in Southeast Asia, and then into "New Imperialism" in
1870-1914, where empires were established primarily in Africa.28
The effect of colonialism is politics of assimilation, racism, discrimination, and
colonialist values, which are still reinforced today. Colonialism is based upon the
notion of whiteness and being European is superior to anything and anyone nonWestern or non-European. Colonialism can be categorized into two categories,
external colonialism and internal colonialism.
External colonialism, according to Tuck & Yang, refers to a colonialist view where
the appropriation of Indigenous worlds, individuals, animals is to gain wealth,
privilege and power. The world that is expropriated is the culture that is also labeled
"third world" and therefore, by default structurally marginalized and oppressed.29
Internal colonialism is revolved around theories about postcolonialism and
coloniality, which focuses on 'biopolitical and geopolitical management of people,
land, flora and fauna within the "domestic" borders of the imperial nation' (Tuck,
Yang 2012:4).30 Some examples of internal colonialism are ghettos and minoritizing,
as this will ensure that power will remain with the white elite.31 Tuck & Yang states
that colonialism refers to the political and economic relation in a country or a
sovereign nation, and even to the people relying on the powers of this said country,
which gives it power to become an empire.32

2.1.2 Coloniality
According to Mignolo, coloniality is defined as established patterns of power that
have appeared because of colonialism, but it also includes the aspects of culture,

28

Encyclopædia of Britannica, "Western Colonialism", retrieved March 3rd, 2021
Tuck, Eve & Yang, K. Wayne Decolonization is not a metaphor (2012) p. 4
30
Tuck, Eve & Yang, K. Wayne Decolonization is not a metaphor (2012) p. 4
31
Tuck, Eve & Yang, K. Wayne Decolonization is not a metaphor (2012) p. 5
32
Mignolo, W.D 2017 Coloniality Is Far from Over, and So Must Be Decoloniality p.40
29

14

relations of intersubjective kind (between two people), labor and knowledge
production that overlooks the limits of colonial administrations. These are also
referred to as the Colonial Matrix of Power (CMP).33 Because of this, Mignolo
states, coloniality survives colonialism, as it is sustained in books, in performance
criteria for academics, in common sense, in cultural patterns, even in ths self-image
of people as it is an indoctrinated part of the modern experience.34
Mignolo argued that "coloniality is the 'darker side' of modernity, that needs to be
unmasked, as it exists as an embedded logic that enforces the control, domination,
and exploitation disguised in the language of salvation, progress, modernization, and
being good for everyone."35 Mignolo also stated that Fanon's les damnes de la terre
('the wretched of the earth') in a coloniality perspective refers to those who have
been subjected to the principle of modernity.36 Les damnes de la terre are the people
who are determined by their colonial wound, which refers to both the physical and
psychological level, as it is a consequence of racism.37

2.1.3 Decolonization
According to Ndlovu-Gatsheni, decolonization is the term used when describing the
historical process of the withdrawal of direct colonialism, as well as the struggles
that emerged in those colonies that were averse towards withdrawing their powers.
Decolonization became also the process that was enabled by the United Nations
development into sovereign institution that welcomed the postcolonial states.38

33

Mignolo, W.D 2017 Coloniality Is Far from Over, and So Must Be Decoloniality p.40
Maldonado-Torres, N. Thinking Through the Decolonial Turn: Post-Continental Interventions in
Theory, Philosophy, and Critique - An introduction p.1
35
Ndlovu-Gatsheni, Sabelo J. Why Decoloniality in the 21st Century? (2013) p.13
34

36
37
38

Mignolo, W.D. 2005 The idea of Latin America p.6
Mignolo, W.D. 2005 The idea of Latin America p.8
Ndlovu-Gatsheni, Sabelo J. Why Decoloniality in the 21st Century? (2013) p.13

15

2.1.4 Decoloniality
Decoloniality is distinguished by its genealogy, which is outside of Europe.
Decoloniality is described as a "pluriversal epistemology of the future" that seeks to
dissociate from the "tyranny of abstract universals", according to Ndlovu-Gatsheni.39
Decoloniality declares the 'decolonial turn', which includes the decolonization of
knowledge, power and being, this also includes institutions like universities.40
Maldonado-Torres amplified that decoloniality refers to the dismantling of power
relations, and conceptions of knowledge that are contributing to the reproduction of
the hierarchies of race, gender and geopolitics. These are the hierarchies that
emerged or were renewed during the colonial era. 41 Mignolo states that this process
should and could not happen instantly as it is deeply rooted into the Western world,
and to de-link CMP from Western actors and institutions is not something one
institution or organization can decide and immediately expect everyone to follow, as
it has taken over 500 years for the current one to be established.42 According to
Mignolo, the colonial wounds that have emerged during this current era includes
phenomenon such as conflicts, anger, discontent, humiliation and dehumanization.43
The first step in reaching decoloniality is to be able to de-link the CMP from the
Western actors, and the second step is to aim for re-existing. Re-existence, according
to Walsh & Mignolo, is a phenomenon that exists in decoloniality's frames. Reexistence implies the ability to make visible and to question the praxis that are
racialized, exluded and marginalized, which influences the individual and the groups
and determines the way they view the right of self-determination and their integrity.
Re-existence also demands the confrontation of biopolitics and their connection, as it
is the biopolitics that controls, rules and commodifies nature and its subject. 44

39

Ndlovu-Gatsheni, Sabelo J. Why Decoloniality in the 21st Century? (2013) p.13
Ndlovu-Gatsheni, Sabelo J. Why Decoloniality in the 21st Century? (2013) p.14
41
Maldonado-Torres, N. Thinking Through the Decolonial Turn: Post-Continental Interventions in
Theory, Philosophy, and Critique - An introduction p.1
42
Mignolo, W.D 2017 Coloniality Is Far from Over, and So Must Be Decoloniality p.40
43
Mignolo, W.D 2017 Coloniality Is Far from Over, and So Must Be Decoloniality p.40
44
Mignolo & Walsh, On decoloniality: concepts, analytics, and praxis, p.18
40

16

There are many opinions, some from scholars and some from non-scholars, that
argue that as long as you are white you are not allowed or able to apply a
decolonialized perspective on any issue, as a white person can never be
decolonialized, only uncolonialized at the most. It is also worth noting that there
seems to be a notion that the only ones to use a decolonialized perspective are
indigenous peoples, as the non-indigenous are per default settlers.45
According to Fanon, decoloniality is a program set out to change the order of the
world, and therefore it is a program of complete disorder.46 According to Miller &
Huynh, it requires the systematic dismantling of systems that maintain colonialist
structures, as an example legal and political systems and governmental structures.47
Though decolonization has been adopted, for example, into education as a part of a
trend, and in that example very superficially, which in turn has contributed to the
talk of social justice and other phenomena that decenter settler perspectives.48

2.1.5 Stereotypes
Stereotypes are simplifications that are preliminary used to categorize what is
supposed to have considered "us" and "them". Stereotypes appear when these
simplified qualities characterize a specific group, which now can be differentiated
from the other groups. These categorizations are connected with emotionally loaded
attitudes. The feeling of belonging to a group is of high importance in the matter of
stereotypes since it is not always clear where an individual belongs, "us" or "them".
Stereotypes are usually one-sided and biased, it is assumed that the individuals that
are associated with a certain group of people, are all copies of each other. When a
person categorizes another person to a certain group, they are also judging
themselves, as they belong to another group of people.49

45

Rodriguez, Tanya Decolonization, A Guidebook For Settlers Living on Stolen Land (December
29th, 2020)
46
Fanon, Franz The Wretched of the Earth (1963) p. 36
47
Miller Cantzler, Julia & Huynh, Megan Native American Environmental Justice as Decolonization
(2016) p. 209
48
Tuck, Eve & Yang, K. Wayne Decolonization is not a metaphor (2012) p.2
49
Illman & Nynäs, Kultur, människa, möte (2017) p.122

17

There are five stereotypical categorizations observed by Christer Lindberg: noble
savage that is defined as the representative of the one who lost their paradise, the
reversed one where it is considered to be a negative depiction of the community, the
third one is the savage society that is not a part of the social and political
organizations, the fourth observation entails the fact that the savage thinking
excludes logic, moral and religion, The fifth observation is that the savage poses an
erotic threat.50 These are stereotypes that are indoctrinated in the portrayals of
indigenous peoples all over the world, and they are rooted in the colonial history.

50

Lindberg, Christer Den gode och den onde vilden (1998)

18

2.2 Method
In the method part there is a presentation of idea, ideology, and the analysis, with a
focus on critical ideoloy analysis, which is the method chosen for this thesis. Critical
ideology analysis is chosen for the purpose of emphasizing the stereotypes as well as
the ideology below it. In this case it is used to emphasize decoloniality and the
hidden, indoctrinated stereotypes that are a part of the narratives in the
documentaries. Critical ideology analysis works on three levels, surface, hidden and
the contextualized, which is why it is chosen for this topic.

2.2.1 Ideology analysis
According to Bergström & Boréus, the word idea comes from the Greek word 'idé',
'idéa' and it has been used in philosophy for over two thousand years. In Plato's
definition, an idea was the eternal and unchangeable archetypes of the things,
pictures that existed and never existed. In Medieval times the idea was something
that preceded and survived the existence of things. When modern philosophy
changed the way, they looked at ideas as it emerged in the 18th century, by
approaching ideas from the man's perspective, not as a separate entity. Some
considered the ideas to be something people are born with, while others considered
sensory impressions at their source of ideas.51
An idea is seen as an abstraction that is more of a continuity, in comparison with
fleeting impressions or attitudes. The definition of idea used in this thesis includes
both the idea as an abstraction as well as a notion of reality, values or notions of how
to act. The notion of reality may refer to both social and natural phenomenon, it is
the notion of consensus and normativity that are the main factors. It may be difficult

51

Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. Textens mening och makt (2000) p.148

19

to differentiate between an idea and ideology, as many consider ideas to be
components in the definition of ideology, according to Bergström & Boréus.52
According to Van Dijk, the conception of ideology emerged as late as in the 19th
century, it too originating from Greek, meaning the teachings of the idea. The first
definition of ideology is a belief system, which means it does not include societal
structures or ideological practices. This definition excludes structures such as
churches as the emphasis is on the cognitive part of ideology, according to Van
Dijk.53 The second definition defines ideology as a phenomenon that cannot be
private, as there are no private languages, there cannot be private ideologies. In this
definition the ideology must be shared, and therefore it becomes a collective belief
system, which may help in creating a sense of community. Different ideology types
are defined by different groups that claim an ideology as their own, like social
justice movements, according to Van Dijk.54 A third definition emphasizes the
aspect that an ideology is something more fundamental, not only sociocultural
knowledge that has been passed down from the older generation, instead it includes
the aspect of a foundational social belief, for example a feminist ideology.55 Van
Dijk's fourth definition focuses on the notion that ideologies may be gradually
acquired and therefore an aspect that needs to be stable but is not always exactly the
same, even though the group's ideology is the same. It is also important to take into
consideration that the fourth definition may be reversed, as in an individual's
ideology changes and they slowly stops believing, and are eventually no longer a
pert of it, according to Van Dijk.56
According to Van Dijk, ideologies are social functions, and they work to organize
members of an ideological group that need a social representation that they all share.
Ideologies are the ground of social practices of the group members.57 There are also
interpretations that indicate that an ideology is used to cover up or to embellish true

52

Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. Textens mening och makt (2000) p.148‒149
Van Djik, T. A. Ideology and discourse analysis p.116
54
Van Djik, T. A. p. 116
55
Van Djik, T. A. p. 116
56
Van Djik, T. A. p. 116‒117
57
Van Djik, T. A. p. 117
53

20

intentions.58 Bergström & Boréus states that notion of ideology varies depending on
the usage of the concept, for example to keep a sense of community intact.
According to the Swedish professor in political science, Herbert Tingsten, ideology
can be defined in three different ways: first being based upon values that are
foundational in humans, as an example the sense of justice. The second definition is
based on the judgement of reality, as it includes the notions of phenomena and
conditions in society. In the final definition Tingsten includes different actions that
are motivated by ideologies on a practical level, according to Bergström & Boréus.59
Ideologies can be seen as behavioral patterns, which indicates that one could choose
to only study the actions and therefore be able to understand the ideology.60 It is
possible to notice the need for ideologies that either to express a conscious process
where the dominating forces in the society, such as universities, legitimizes an
ideology or an unconscious process where people construct an escapist dreamlike
ideas, according to Bergström & Boréus.61
There are different directions in idea and ideology analysis: group- and actor
perspective, to analyze the occurrences of an idea, functional content analysis, and
critical ideology analysis. The group- and actor perspective focuses on how a certain
group's actions have changed during a specific era and with this information
pinpointing different changes in societal norms. This ideology analysis can be
combined with idea occurrence analysis as it focuses on how ideas emerge in the
public at large, and therefore it will affect the group and actor perspective.
Functional content analysis can focus on both the effects of the ideas and the origin
of the idea. The affect-oriented study can focus on how a specific ideology may
affect the unity of a certain group as it may affect the unity between two members of
the group, according to Bergström & Boréus.62

58

Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 149
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 150
60
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 151
61
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 152
62
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 154-155
59

21

2.2.2 Critical ideology analysis
According to Bergström & Boréus, critical ideology analysis is the one of the
different analysis that most evidently is linked to the negative ideology tradition and
therefore also to Marx. In accordance with the critical touch, it is possible for the
different features of the dominant ideology to be compared to the outer reality. The
ideology is supposed to become intelligible, or rather exposed. One example is that
the dominating ideology assumes the people’s worth is the same, but the society is
the thing that treats people differently. The critical ideology analysis had its start in
the 20th century and the prominent Frankfurt School. The starting point of the
studies conducted in the Frankfurt School was to expose the principles that actually
control society. 63 The ideology is tested as it is put against a clearer picture, with the
potential to unmask it. The analysis of the content, which is the expression of the
dominant ideology and then being able to contrast it against the empirical reality.
This perspective gives way to looking at the ideology as being associated with power
in a more prominent way compared to the other forms of ideology analysis. Some
notions are considered self-explanatory which prohibits the ability to question
thoughts that are seen as important to oneself. 64
An ideology cannot be reconstructed by only reconstructing the surface level, the
level that's visible. The ideology was created for a certain context, which also means
it has to be interpreted in that certain context for it to make sense. Ideology analysis
has to be done in two parts, one on the superficial level, and one on the deeper
context level, so it is possible to answer questions on a deeper level. An ideology
cannot be understood without a context, not to the full extent, at least, according to
Bergström & Boréus. 65
In critical ideology analysis, according to Bergström & Boréus, it is important to
relate the text to the context, to be able to reach the deeper level as well as exposing

63

Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 155–156
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 156
65
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 157
64

22

the power dynamics. In this analysis it is important to differentiate between the text
and the context, and this will happen as the text is inserted in a social context. One
can make the connections to the context, still being able to stay inside the ideology
analysis, by using ideal types as well as dimensions. The critical ideology analysis
emphasizes the importance of relating the ideas and ideologies to the material
world.66
According to Bergström & Boréus, the basic outlook on ideology is the visible,
manifested surface and the underlying hidden part. The first step is to analyze the
text on its own, and the text is consisting of certain chosen pieces of the text. The
second step is to make the underlying hidden part intelligible, and it is made by
asking questions like what kind of reality is it portraying? The third step in the
analysis is to complete the comprehension through relating it to the context. The
ideology has no meaning if it is not contextualized with groups or institutions. Who
is the ideology representing? 67

66
67

Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 157
Bergström, G. & Boréus, K. p. 165–166

23

3 The Documentaries
The thesis will focus on two documentaries: Can't Stop the Water (2013) and Island
Road (2019), which both are follow the Isle de Jean Charles (IDJC) band of BiloxiChitimacha-Choctaw and their journey on how to deal with vanishing homes. These
documentaries are chosen because they are the only two documentaries that are
based in IDJC, but it is worth noting that there are many documentaries about the
topic of climate change and indigenous people. There are six years in between the
documentaries, in this instance where time is of the essence, it is important to
acknowledge the consequences of climate change and how it affects the people, as
the land disappears into the ocean. This is the main aspect to consider when
watching the documentaries as the perspective might have changed during the
period.

3.1 "Can't Stop the Water"

Can't Stop the Water (2013) was directed by Rebecca Marshall Ferris and Jason
Ferris, are two white people with seemingly no specific connection to IDJC or the
tribe. The documentary follows the narrative of Chief Albert Naquin, which tells his
and the tribe's history on IDJC, it starts with showing a vivacious community, still
practicing traditional culture such as drums and games. Some older flashbacks are
shown through home videos and Chief Naquin discussing the general erosion of
IDJC, and how fast the consequences are affecting them.
The documentary focuses on different people, who are all introduced in their
everyday life settings, some are fishing, some are helping children with homework
24

and so on. The community is shown enjoying their way of living, and the individuals
are discussing their lives. The consequences of climate change are interwoven in
their stories, and they are reminiscing about their homes. They are discussing the
need to do something for the community, as hurricanes are passing through every
year and people are moving to different communities. Chief Naquin stresses the
importance of moving the whole community as otherwise the community will be
separated and eventually their culture will be assimilated into the mainstream culture
on the mainland or into another Native American community in Houma, Louisiana.
There are many questions raised about how the community is supposed to move, as
most of them do not have the financial reality to relocate, as they are barely
managing in the situation they are now. The community is the only chance they must
survive.
The discussion in the documentary explains how the inhabitants are supposed to
survive, how will a future look like for them, and in some cases even comparing this
to a modern-day Trail of Tears. The documentary ends with no definite end, only
indicating that they decided to move their community.

3.2 "Island Road"
Island Road (2019) was directed by Francescu Artily, is a white Frenchman with
seemingly no specific connection to the community of the tribe on IDJC. The
documentary shows the geographical place where the Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw
tribe resides, for this particular band it is the Isle de Jean Charles, which is located
on the Bayou of southeast Louisiana. They show many landscapes of different
places, which all seem to be interconnected. There are many shots of different
buildings such as run-down houses, sheds and ruins of houses that once were the
structure of the community. The documentary focuses on the nature aspect, different
bodies of water and vegetations are shown before the interviews with people start.

25

The people, who are all a part of the tribe, are not introduced, it is assumed that the
viewer knows that it is only the tribe members who are interviewed. There are no
names to the persons, not even in the editing. They are individuals who describe
their experiences about the life on the island, and how they have experienced the
changes. There are no specific questions, or the viewer does not know the questions,
the individuals talk about different point of time, as they are in different age-groups,
some are teenagers, some middle-aged but mostly senior citizens, who have lived
their whole life on IDJC, and therefore they are able to give the most complete
picture of the situation and how it has changed.
The focus of the documentary is individual stories and situations, they are only
people who are experiencing the consequences of climate change. Some are
contemplating what to do, are they moving away from the only home they have ever
known, leaving their culture and tradition? The older people are discussing the
reality of staying on IDJC and if that is something they want to do.
The documentary ends in negativity expressed towards the tribal chief Albert
Naquin, who is also the only person addressed by name and never shown in the
documentary. Ideas about Naquin using the tribe and his chiefdom to receive the
settlement money for his personal use was expressed by some people, who all seem
to be from the same family.
The documentary ends with open ends, there is no clear closure. The viewer does not
for certainty know if the teenagers moved away from IDJC or if the senior citizens
stayed until their death.

26

4 Analysis
The analysis is constructed of two parts, one per documentary, and further, through
critical analysis, into three levels: surface, hidden, and the contextualized level. The
analysis is based upon five observations, made by me, from each documentary that
will be analyzed going through the three levels of critical ideology analysis as
mentioned in chapter 2 and above. Decoloniality is the perspective, which through
the analysis is done and that is used to highlight the colonialist views, stereotypes
and structures in these documentaries.

4.1 "Can't Stop the Water"
"Can't Stop the Water"(2013) is divided into five different categories, defined by me:
drumming, the mentioning of Trail of Tears, other members, UN headquarters, and
new location. This is done to illustrate the analysis as well as make it clearer as these
different categories are divided into the three stages of ideology analysis: surface,
hidden, and on the contextualized level.

4.1.1 Drumming

On the surface level the first thing that the viewer sees is a sequence of chief Naquin
drumming on a traditional drum, but there is not a logical reason why he would be
drumming right then and there, as he was drumming in a garage-like building to the
rhythm of his headphones. This seems to be a part of the self-image chosen, at least
by chef Naquin. To portray himself as a Native American that is connected to his
culture, which can be related to how coloniality indoctrinated the perception of his
self-image, according to Maldonado-Torres.
27

On the hidden level, Chief Naquin's drumming gives the impression that it is a very
important part of their culture and traditions, and as it is an important part of their
identity it is by default an important part of the heritage. Portrayed it like this it
emphasizes the importance of how they want to be perceived. On the deeper, hidden
level this has significant meaning as the manner in which the documentary has
chosen to portray chief Naquin by default leads to the generalization of not only this
specific tribe, but also other Native American tribes.

Screenshot 1: "Can't Stop the Water", Chief Naquin drumming (00:34)

On the contextualized level, the drumming that is shown could be considered an ode
to the tradition, as well as a clear connection to what a Native American is supposed
to be and do. The drumming is a way of showing their nativeness and as it then
introduced that the person who is drumming is chief Naquin it immediately connects
to the images of the great, well-known chiefs like Sitting Bull (c. 1831–1890) and
Crazy Horse ( c. 1840–1877). The way they have chosen to incorporate the
drumming seems forceful, there is not an event or a powwow68 that would require
the drumming or make it seem like a casual part of the everyday life of chief Naquin.
On the contextualized level this can be seen as a way of reclaiming existence or reexisting which could be considered the second step in decoloniality, but also it

68

Powwow is a social gathering of Native Americans that usually includes dancing, singing and celebrating
their culture. Encyclopædia of Britannica "Powwow" retrieved May 2nd 2021.

28

reinforces the colonialist image of a historical depiction of great Native American
chiefs.

4.1.2 The mentioning of Trail of Tears

There is a mentioning of the forced resettlement being another Trail of Tears, which
gives a historical reference, but it is left unexplained as the documentary cuts away
to another sequence. This works as a general reference to the historical occurrence,
which in this case works as a timeline as well as a way to give context, this is on the
surface level.
On the hidden level, Trail of Tears refers to both their history as Native Americans,
but also to their history as Isle de Jean Charles band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw,
as they escaped to IDJC to escape from Trail of Tears (as seen on the screenshot 2,
the tribe moved down from today's northern Mississippi). The reference, as
mentioned in the surface level, was left to stand by itself, without any explanations
or explorations about what it entailed. The Trail of Tears is a significant part of the
tribe's history, but it was left as a reference and the documentary focuses on climate
change and its consequences. Mignolo's statement "coloniality is the 'darker side' of
modernity" can be applied on this level as the Trail of Tears and the situation likened
to Trail of Tears is a part of modernity.

Screenshot 2 "Can't Stop the Water", map of Trail of Tears in relation to IDJC, (04:15)

29

Contextualizing, the Trail of Tears reference is a valid point in this documentary as
the tribe had to escape the forced relocation and they happened to settle on IDJC.
The fact that they are not elaborating on the Trail of Tears, rather assuming that the
viewers know about it, is a choice that might both undermine the consequences as
well as emphasizes them, depending on how the historical occurrence is interpreted.
The fact that the situation the tribe is in now, can be likened to the Trail of Tears,
saying that the climate change and its consequences has caused the tribe to become,
once again, victims of forced relocation. Trail of Tears is one of the most
recognized events in US history, at least one of the most significant is settler history.
Trail of Tears is also considered a genocide and something so horrific that some
school history books are written to exclude it. The fact that this tribe is facing Trail
of Tears for the second time, opens the discussion about what modernity entails and
who benefits from it, as it also emphasizes how a single tribe has be confronted with
forced relocation twice because of modernity and its consequences. There is also an
aspect where if the Trail of Tears was motivated with modernity as the end goal,
how is it possible that the same tribe is confronting a second Trail of Tears?

4.1.3 Other members

On the surface level, the documentary also includes different interviews from
different members of the tribe, and most of the interviews are focused on how the
community once was a thriving community that included both Native Americans and
whites. This is illustrated by home videos and pictures from "the olden days" as well
as the person talks about how wonderful it has been to live on IDJC. On a surface
level this is important as it is easier for the viewer to relate to the stories if there are
some archive pictures or videos, especially as there is a claim of different ethnicities
living side by side in harmony.

30

Screenshot 3 "Can't Stop the Water", archive picture of the "olden days", (04:53)

The hidden level exposes the nostalgic factor in the remembrance of the vivid
community and tribe that once were, emphasizes the historical significance of the
history, but also gives an acknowledgement of the tribe being only a part of history
and not a part of contemporary society. Maldonado-Torres statement about how
coloniality survives colonialism as it is reproduced in cultural patterns and common
sense is amplified in the stories, amplifying the history that is by default impacted by
colonialism.
Contextualizing the nostalgia is something that ties the tribe and its community to
their history but also gives the impression that Native Americans are only a part of
history, which may lead to romanticizing them as they are not here to vocalize their
opinion, therefore making it dismissible and its existence questionable. The nostalgic
factor gives the impression of it being tied to history and therefore cannot be
reproduced in the context that is shown in the documentary as too many things have
changed.

4.1.4 UN headquarters

On the surface level, different indigenous peoples are shown during the sequence
about chief Naquin visiting the UN headquarters, to represent the diversity of
31

indigenous people facing the consequences of climate change. The majority of the
representatives that are shown are wearing regalia69 or other culturally significant
clothing, which emphasizes their diversity.

Screenshot 4, "Can't Stop the Water", Sámi representatives, (26:44)

On the hidden level the indigenous peoples that are shown during the sequence in
UN headquarters can be considered exploitation of their cultures, as they do not have
an active part of the documentary, but they are used to show off diversity. Especially
as most of those representatives that are shown, are wearing full regalia. It can also
be interpreted as a way of protesting, to be against the colonial norm. To wear
regalia can be considered to be the second step in decoloniality, as it could be the
part of re-existing, as Mignolo has defined it.

69

Regalia, in indigenous cultures, refers to traditional and often sacred wearable items such as
headdresses, jewelry, clothes (see: capote). The Canadian Encyclopedia retrieved: 30 May 2021

32

Screenshot 5, "Can't Stop the Water", indigenous people representative in regalia, (26:57)

Contextualizing the fact that they chose to show indigenous peoples representatives
who were wearing full regalia, says something about the way they wanted to
represent indigenous peoples, as there also were representatives not wearing regalia,
including chief Naquin. This can also be argued that they wanted to show diversity,
but the fact is that it can be interpreted as tokenism as it seemed that the indigenous
peoples in regalia were shown to fulfil the quota for indigenous representation. This
could be related to the stereotype of noble savage, which entails the indigenous
peoples’ representatives would not have been corrupted by civilization, and this
would be characterized by regalia.

Screenshot 6, "Can't Stop the Water", indigenous representatives, (27:23)

33

4.1.5 New location

Chief Naquin is showing the geographical spot he considers to be a good place for
the tribe to relocate to. This gives the viewer the impression that the community is
already in process of moving there. On the surface level, the view of an empty lot
where there are not a single building amplifies the feeling about forced relocation.
The hidden level emphasizes what the location looks like, as chief Naquin discusses
the plans of relocation, is a plain looking field, where there is nothing. The harshness
depicted is on the level on the plains, the prairie where some Native American tribes
thrived pre-settlers. The marginalization of the community is amplified as this
indicated that they must start to build from nothing.

Screenshot 7, "Can't Stop the Water", Chief Naquin showing the new location, (30:12)

Contextualizing the new resettlement that is shown gives a picture of wild west and
prairies, spaces of empty fields, that are enclosed by white fences, that could be
analyzed as the Native American being enclosed in the white colonial fences. This
depiction also emphasizes the Trail of Tears-aspect of forced relocation, as the thing
they once escaped from is now happening, and the tribe is abandoned by the
government to manage the situation without any aid. The colonial wound, that is
discussed in Fanon's Les damnes de la terre, is emphasized as this is a consequence
34

of racism, both on a physical as well as a psychological level; to need to be able to
process such colonial consequence in a world that is not supposed to be colonial
anymore, at the same time as the society is not acknowledging the colonialism still
happening.

35

4.2 "Island Road"
"Island Road" (2019) is divided into five categories, defined by me: the message,
reality, community, progress, and betrayal. These categories are analyzed by using
critical ideology analysis and the three steps, surface, hidden, and the contextualized
level.

4.2.1 The message

The surface level focuses on the main message of this documentary is unclear, it is
mainly used only for documenting. It is done in a way that the main purpose is to
document the community and tribe. It is mainly a tool for looking at what has
changed since the declaration of becoming climate change refugees.
The hidden level shows that the documentary is very gloomy, it gives the impression
that there is no hope for the community, almost as everyone has forgotten about
them. This is emphasized as the slow pace of the documentary in combination with
the stills, gives the impression of a community that is barely there.
On the contextualized level, referring to external colonialism, this is the consequence
of colonialist exploitation, where the nature, geographical location is used and now it
is a discarded place, disappearing into the ocean. This can also be related to the
internal colonialism, which Tuck and Yang also mentions, that focuses on the
management of people and land.

36

Screenshot 8, "Island Road" depicting how gloomy the overall feeling is, (09:35)

4.2.2 Reality

On the surface level, there is an emphasis on the tragic part of the reality, the
negative side is something that is brought up and shown many times. The
marginalization is hinted at, the need for help is needed and not gotten. Many
pictures are included of the houses that are risen upon stilts to increase the
probability of surviving the hurricane seasons.
In the hidden level the tragedy aspect is emphasized by showing many sequences of
different run-down houses and other buildings, as well as clips of what would be
considered very "unsanitary", such as trash, take-away boxes and other objects that
look broken. This is a conscious decision to show the tragedy aspect, emphasizing
the negative, this is the consequence of colonialism according to Mignolo.
On a more contextualized level the way that they have chosen to portray the
community is a conscious choice, as obviously it is their reality and it is a valid way
of showing it, but there is also an emphasis on the rundown aspect, including the
clips of trash and overall broken items. This is something to be considered a
portrayal of marginalization, and of colonialism, as this portrayal maintain the
assumption that the indigenous people have not been able to get accustom to the
modern world or modernity at large. This is the reversed portrayal of noble savage,
as this is about indigenous people not adapting to modernity, as they have chosen to
stay on their ancestral land instead of moving as the times have changed and the land
disappearing in the name of modernity.
37

Screenshot 9, uplifted house because of the water level, (15:04)

4.2.3 Community

This documentary relies on the interviews of the community members, there is many
discussions, but most of them held from their personal views and experiences. On
the surface level, the emphasis is on how it was growing up and living on the IDJC.
The community is only shown in the matter of children and two families gathering.
The small community gives the impression that there is not many people and
therefore this is situation with climate change only concerns a small percentage of
people.
The hidden level illustrates some specific stories are chosen, for example the story
about the veteran who fought in the WWII, this is done by showing him wrapped in
some kind of cloth that has the patches of his service sewn on it. The member who
gets interviewed tell their story, usually very slow-paced and there is not an obvious
correlation to the climate change aspect, it is more to highlight the experiences of the
members on IDJC. As other interactions are shown between the community
members, the interaction is slow-paced and only a few words are exchanged.
The hidden levels emphasis is on the aspect in "Island Road" that there is not
introducing the member, not even by their first name, so the viewers hear these
testimonies but cannot associate to a specific name or member, more than on a visual
level. This might be interpreted as a way of silencing the Native American as they
38

become anonymous, just a story to be forgotten, a piece of history of the
marginalized and oppressed. External colonialism, as defined by Tuck and Yang,
could be related to this as there is an aspect of appropriation when it suits the
narrative.

Screenshot 10, "Island Road", Veteran wrapped in his "service cloth", (48:36)

4.2.4 Progress

The surface level focuses on the pace of the documentary that is very slow, which
gives the impression that the community is not vivacious anymore. The children in
the community are few and it seems like they are only one family's children. This
makes the impression that the next generation will not exist, as there are so few
children and youths, which immediately accentuates that the continuance is in
danger and therefore also their traditions and culture.
On a deeper level, it gives the impression that nothing has changed since they had
been declared climate change refugees by the media. The community seem to be
accepting their fate or their reality, as IDJC will become inhabitable.
Contextualizing, the climate change and the hurricanes are the most prominent part
of community's reality, as they must adapt to the new, more drastic reality. This
documentary's context is on the more negative aspect, which is logical considering
39

the reality the community is facing, but the way that it is portrayed by playing into
the marginalization as well as the colonial wound that includes conflicts, discontent,
humiliation and dehumanization, according to Mignolo. The climate as well as the
bureaucracy in the US only accentuates the colonial wound as well as downfall of
their community, as it is portrayed and emphasized in this documentary.

Screenshot 11, "Island Road", Members catching up, (16:52)

40

4.2.5 Betrayal

On the surface level there is a kind of emphasis on that this community has been
lacking opportunity, education and financial reality. This is especially brought to the
viewers’ attention when the interviewees tell that they never had the time to go to
school, because they had to work. As education is a prominent part of what is
considered modernity, this indicates that the community has not become modern.
On the hidden level: some of the members who are interviewed express their disdain
towards chief Naquin, who is not shown in this documentary. There are rumors of
chief Naquin betraying the community, taking the money and using it himself
towards personal gain. This is expressed by one family, but it seems to be based
upon more than a singular source. As the documentary does not ask follow-up
questions the viewer is left with unanswered questions and suspicions towards chief
Naquin, who the viewers have never seen or gotten to know.
On the contextualized level, this could relate to the Mignolo's "darker side of
modernity" as it gives the impression of chief Naquin has sold out and therefore left
his tribe and community in dire need, as chief Naquin has gained modernity through,
as the source of speculation says, using the money aimed for the community toward
the resettlement.

41

Screenshot 12, "Island Road" the dying ecosystem, (53:07)

42

4.3 Discussing the documentaries

These documentaries, "Can't Stop the Water" (2013) and "Island Road" (2019) are
two independent documentaries, which mean that they do not have any correlations
between them. Certainly, there are overlapping factors as it is the same community
that is discussed, documented and portrayed in them.
In "Can't Stop the Water" there is clearly still hope for the community, and they try
to show off the community being vivacious and hopeful. They showed children
playing in the terrain, the senior citizens seemed to enjoy their free time in the
paradise looking island, which was facing the climate change consequences. Chief
Naquin emphasizing their history and traditions, accentuating the importance of
keeping the community together that the culture could survive, be revived and
eventually thrive once again.
"Island Road" as already stated several times in the analysis, has a very gloomy and
negative portrayal, especially in comparison with "Can't Stop the Water". The
number of stills, mainly on run-down houses and building, gave the impression that
the community had already left, or at least there was no effort to fight for IDJC
anymore. These are thoughts that appeared to me as I already had watched "Can't
Stop the Water", and it might be that their impression would not have been so
dramatic if there would not have been another documentary to compare to. There is
also a song included in "Island Road", "Kaw-liga" by Hank Williams Jr. which also
emphasizes the Native American's place in the history, not in the contemporary
world. It is also argued that the song is racist70 and it is a interesting song to include
in the documentary, as there is no specific commentary or acknowledgement of it.
The fact that "Can't Stop the Water" was made in 2013 and "Island Road" in 2019,
also shows the relevance of timeline, as in the case of climate change consequences
70

McCarthy, Amy A Night of Racism, Patriotism, and Homphobia with Hank Williams Jr. Dallas
Observer

43

and rising sea level is of vital importance. It gives the viewers an update, even
though it is essential to keep in mind that these documentaries are not made by the
same directors and therefore cannot be considered an official update nor a sequel.
The years in between are important as there is a correlation, as the time has
progressed so has the issues facing the community, which by default might have led
to the feeling of defeat.
Chief Naquin as the narrator in "Can't Stop the Water" and the exclusion of chief
Naquin in "Island Road" is a statement, but even a more accentuated statement when
these documentaries are compared. Chief Naquin is shown to be a leader on the
community's side and someone in the center of the tribe, someone who the members
come to when they need help and someone who fights the bureaucracy, referring to
the case of the tribe being recognized on the federal level. As mentioned in the
"drumming" category, there seems to be a need for chief Naquin to portray himself
as a great chief such as Sitting Bull. If a viewer would only watch "Island Road"
they might not understand the statement that is excluding chief Naquin, but it is also
something that might not be an actual statement, as there is no addressing of chief
Naquin in "Island Road" not even a mention of chief Naquin declining to be a part of
it, which might be the way the director wanted it to be. The accusations or rumors,
mentioned in "betrayal", are therefore an interesting choice to feature, as the viewers
do not know who chief Naquin is or what is his defense. Especially as the rumor is
very accusatory and defamatory.
The fact that in "Can't Stop the Water" introduces the different members, or at least
gives them names, which also gives the viewer a chance to differentiate the different
stories and maybe even connect the families together. In comparison to "Island
Road" only gives the names in the credits, but do not give any indication on which
name belong to which member, this makes them anonymous but also silence their
voices. To emphasize the indigenous aspect, "Can't Stop the Water" even features
the Native American names such as "White Buffalo" and "Lame Owl", which can be
considered a part of colonialism, or at least a stereotypical portrayal of a Native
American, referring to Lindberg's observation of noble savage, as the names can be
considered a part of history that tries to be a part of the contemporary world. It is

44

worth noting that the names are translated into English, which in itself can be
considered an act of colonialism.
It is also important to note that using the decoloniality as a perspective, there is a
criticism about who can use decoloniality, as if a white person uses it, it cannot be
used, because white people are by default colonizing the perspective. This is
something that might needs to be considered during this chapter.

45

5 Summary and discussion
The thesis starts out from the two documentaries "Can't Stop the Water" (2013) and
"Island Road" (2019), which both deal with the consequences of climate change with
a focus on the Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw band of Isle de Jean Charles that are
located in the Louisiana’s archipelago, USA. The purpose of the thesis is to
emphasize and highlight the indigenous people’s voices and experiences, to listen to
how they are perceiving the situation because of their preferential right of
interpretation and through underlining the stereotypes that are indoctrinated in the
Western culture, which leads to the fact that it is difficult to differentiate between
what is factual and the stereotypes are reproduced because of the portrayals in
media.
Climate change effect on different levels in this world, and in this thesis the focus is
on indigenous people in the archipelago of Louisiana, more specifically the BiloxiChitimacha-Choctaw band of Isle de Jean Charles as they have been declared to the
first climate change refugees of USA by National Geographic. Biloxi-ChitimachaChoctaw is an example of a marginalized society, and in this case both literally and
figuratively, which are exposed to the drastic consequences of climate change and
the natural phenomenon that follow. The tribe is not only struggling with so called
normal problems that the indigenous people in USA are facing such as food scarcity
and access to education, the Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe also have to struggle
with the existence in the bureaucratic world. They belong to the group of Native
American tribes that are recognized on a state level, but not on a federal level, which
in USA is an extensive difference in how the tribe is categorized, which leads to the
fact that the outcome differs in matters of financial aid. In this specific example
where the Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw tribe's fate is used to illustrate how the tribe's
status matters in the eye of the government which is the crucial factor.
In these documentaries the members of the tribe witness about their situation and
how it has changed during their lifetimes. They tell about how they used to be able
to "ride out the hurricane" when the season started and how it used to be only one
hurricane per three to four years and how it has changed, and now it's three to five

46

hurricanes per season, and the fact that the hurricanes are more powerful than they
have ever been, and the consequences have reached extensive levels. The destruction
of their houses, sea levels rising drastically during the hurricane season and the
accessibility to Isle de Jean Charles are factors that have contributed to the fact that
the majority of the tribe's members have been forced to relocate, though they will
never be able to reach similar financial lifestyle since they cannot get financial aid.
"Can't Stop the Water" (2013) is a shorter documentary, 40 minutes, and it is made
by Rebecca and Jason Ferris. This documentary focuses on the big crisis and why it
suddenly became a need to hurry for the tribe to relocate. The documentary follows
the chief Albert Naquin who is the spokesperson and in the leading role when the
documentary moves forward in its narrative. Chief Naquin talks about how Isle de
Jean Charles was a part of the hurricane prevention levee, which was supposed to be
built since the hurricane season has intensified during the last few years and the
pattern is confirmed, but according to the new plan presented by Louisiana's
representatives, it was not profitable to include Isle de Jean Charles in the hurricane
prevention levee and therefore they chose to save on the financial area. This was
motivated by the arguments that there are not many people living in the area, and
therefore the more profitable to relocate the society. Chief Naquin goes through
everyday realities such as one cannot count on the tribe taking care of its members if
the hurricanes damages something as they do not have resources as the hurricanes
are more intense and more frequent. Other members talk about their experiences,
how they have dealt with hurricanes, especially hurricanes as devastating as Ike,
Gustav and Katrina. They also confirm the everyday struggles, especially about the
accessibility to the mainland. Chief Naquin talks about how they have had to fight
for getting recognized on a federal level, and how difficult it is to get their voices
heard as they "do not exist on a federal level". During the documentary, chief
Naquin visits the United Nations headquarters in New York, where he waits for the
turn to speak with other indigenous peoples’ representatives, but in vein. The
documentary ends with chief Naquin showing the location that he considers to be
ideal for the tribe as there are no other option than relocation. Chief Naquin
emphasizes the importance of the tribe’s community having a unique culture and
history, and for it to survive it is important that the tribe moves to this specific place,
according to chief Naquin.
47

"Island Road" (2019) is a documentary made by Fransescu Artily, and it is 74
minutes long. This documentary works as "update" on the situation for the BiloxiChitimacha-Choctaw tribe and what it seemed like in 2019. The documentary
includes many stills of what it looks like on Isle de Jean Charles, and with this visual
representation it is very obvious that the director has chosen to show the
geographical location instead of focusing on the tribe's community. The
documentary begins with stills that feature what the everyday life looks like on Isle
de Jean Charles. There is an emphasis on how they support themselves from the
earth, especially by fishing and farming. The documentary's focus is on how the
members experience their situation, how differently they see it and how they are
processing their loss. This documentary excludes chief Naquin completely, which in
this case led to the members criticizing him, where the biggest issue is that chief
Naquin does not live on Isle de Jean Charles himself and therefore, he does not
know or have experienced the reality. Most of the stories being told are from the
older generation, which speaks English, French and a local dialect or language,
which reaffirms the importance of this tribe is a unique community. The
documentary ends with the view of driving from the isle and therefore it gives the
viewers the impression of how fragile Isle de Jean Charles actually is, as the road is
surrounded by the Gulf of Mexico, and there are no indicators for the sea level to
stop rising.
The thesis uses decoloniality as theory in combination with ideology analysis as the
method to emphasize the reproduction of stereotypes that are included in the
portrayals of the indigenous peoples of North America. Some of these stereotypes
are, which in this thesis are based upon Lindberg's observations, noble savage, the
reversed depiction, savage society, savage thinking and the savage as an erotic
threat. These stereotypes have been produced and reproduced through colonialism
and since the thesis uses decoloniality as the perspective, these stereotypes work as a
basis for the discussion if the decoloniality is something that actively exists in the
portrayals in these documentaries. Ideology analysis works as the method and
therefore as a tool to be able to point if colonialism is a part of history or if it is an
active part of our age.

48

The analysis discusses the colonialist stereotypes, that are highlighted because of the
use of decoloniality as well as the use of critical ideology analysis, that appear in
these documentaries. As the material is relatively new, both made in 2010's,
colonialism should not be an active part of them, it should be a part of the past. The
Native Americans experiences are highlighted in the analysis and in statements like
"This is the new Trail of Tears" is a clear example on that colonialism is a prominent
part of Native American reality.
The critical ideology analysis as the method accentuates the hidden level, which in
this case is the colonialism and the consequences and stereotypes that originates
from it. The critical ideology analysis is done in three steps: first step focuses on the
surface level, the second step on the deeper hidden level and how to make it visible,
and the finale step is to contextualize the ideology.
After the going through the different stereotypes, it can be stated that not every one
of the stereotypes are represented. The stereotypes that involve nature aspect that
since there is a tendency romanticize and overromanticize the Native American
relation to nature, this is specifically prominent in the Western narratives, or in the
narratives that are dominated by Western people. These claims can be confirmed as
these documentaries are made by white Western people and even though they have
collaborated with the Native Americans, they still have not dodged the reproduction
of stereotypes, even if they are positive stereotypes. It is important to note that the
issue is multifaceted, and the stereotypes create prejudices and therefore there cannot
exist such thing as positive stereotypes, as stereotypes are usually viewed as truths
and the only truth, which leads to the indigenous people are reduced to only one
representation, instead of emphasizing the differences between the individuals and
the different groups.
The stereotypes are created within the colonialist perspective and within the
colonialist epoch, and these are reproduced still in this day, and these are expressed
in forms of exoticization, marginalization, maintaining the colonial conception and
by bureaucracy that in this case demands. The ideology analysis uses decoloniality
to emphasize the colonialism and coloniality and shows how the indigenous people

49

are still reduced to the old-fashioned stereotypes, which are do not give any space
for growth or divergence.
Traces of colonialism and its consequences are the factors that characterizes the
experiences of indigenous peoples lives. Decoloniality theory works as the spine, as
it emphasizes these stereotypes, but this is when the problematic of who can use the
decolonization appears. There are sources that claim that decoloniality is only for
non-whites, as if a white person uses decoloniality it is by default part of
colonialization, which then leads to the problem about universities being colonialist
institutions and, in this logic, could never reach decoloniality. These questions give
rise to future research about portrayals of indigenous peoples in relation to the theory
of decoloniality.

50

Summary in Swedish - Svensk sammanfattning
Avhandlingen "These white men are still dangerous" utgår ifrån två dokumentärer
Can't stop the Water (2013) och Island Road (2019) som båda behandlar
klimatförändringens konsekvenser med fokus på Biloxi-ChitimachaChoctawstammen som är bosatt på Isle de Jean Charles i Louisianas skärgård, USA.
Avhandlingens syfte är att lyfta fram och betona ursprungsbefolkningens röster och
erfarenheter när det kommer till diskussionen kring deras egna situation. Detta görs
genom att aktivt välja att betona deras röster, att lyssna på hur de uppfattar
situationen eftersom de har tolkningsföreträde och genom att lyfta fram de
stereotypier som är indoktrinerade i den västerländska kulturen, vilket leder till att
det är svårt att differentiera mellan det som är faktabaserat och det som är historiska
fördomar som förstärks på grund av olika porträtteringar i media.
Klimatförändringen inverkar på flera olika sätt i denna värld, och i denna avhandling
ligger fokuset på ursprungsbefolkningen i Louisianas skärgård, närmare bestämt
Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw band of Isle de Jean Charles som har deklarerats till
USA:s första klimatflyktingar av bland annat National Geographic. BiloxiChitimacha-Choctawstammen är ett exempel på hur de som är de mest
marginaliserade i samhället, i detta fall både bokstavligt och bildligt talat, är de som
utsätts för de mest drastiska konsekvenserna när det gäller klimatförändringen och
de naturfenomen som följer. Stammen kämpar inte endast med de så kallade vanliga
problemen som fler ursprungsbefolkningsstammar hamnar ta i beaktande, såsom
matbrist på reservaten och tillgång till utbildning, Biloxi-ChitimachaChoctawstammen måste även kämpa för sin existens i den byråkratiska världen. De
hör till den gruppen av ursprungsbefolkningsstammar som är erkända på
delstatsnivå, men inte på statsnivå, vilket i USA utgör en stor skillnad i hur stammen
kategoriseras i olika ärenden, vilket per automatik leder till att resultaten varierar,
såsom i frågan om vilken stam har rättighet till ekonomiskt understöd. I detta
specifika exempel som illustreras av Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctawstammens öde, är

51

viktigheten av hurudan status stammen har i statens ögon som fungerar som den
avgörande faktorn.
I de båda ovannämnda dokumentärerna vittnar stammens medlemmar om hur deras
situation har ändrats under den tiden som de, medlemmarna som vittnar, har levt. De
talar om hur de förut kunde "rida ut en orkan" när säsongen började och hur det var
en orkan per tre-fyra år medan det nu har ändrat till att det handlar om tre-fem
orkaner per säsong och att orkanerna är väldigt mycket starkare än vad de varit
tidigare, eftersom konskevenserna har nått digra nivåer. Förestörelse av deras hus,
drastiskt stigande av vattennivån under orkansäsongen och tillgängligheten till Isle
de Jean Charles är de olika faktorerna som bidrar till att största delen av stammens
medlemmar har tvingats flytta, trots att de kan aldrig uppnå liknande status på
livsstil eftersom de inte får ekonomiskt stöd.
Can't stop the Water (2013) är en dokumentär av det kortare slaget, 40 minuter, och
är gjord av Rebecca och Jason Ferris. Denna dokumentär fokuserar på den stora
krisen och varför det plötsligt blev bråttom för stammen att förflytta sig.
Dokumentären följer i stort sett med hövding Albert Naquin som fungerar som
talesperson samt den som tar den ledande rollen när dokumentären går genom vad
det är som händer. Hövding Naquin berättar hur Isle de Jean Charles var en del av
"orkanpreventionsdammen" (hurricane prevention levee) som skulle byggas
eftersom orkansäsongen har intensifierats under de senaste åren och mönstret håller i
sig, men enligt den nya planen ansåg Louisianas representanter att det inte var
lönsamt att inkludera Isle de Jean Charles utan att de beslöt istället att spara på den
ekonomiska fronten. Detta motiverades bland annat med att det inte bor så många
personer på området, och därmed skulle det vara lönsammare att flytta samhället.
Hövding Naquin går genom vardags realiteter såsom hur det inte mer går att lita på
att stammen tar hand om de som drabbades av den senaste orkanen, eftersom
medlemmarna i stammen inte har resurser att hjälpa på grund av hur intensiv
orkansäsongen har blivit. Andra medlemmar berättar om sina minnen om hur de har
upplevt olika orkaner, och det är vissa orkaner som alla lyfter fram såsom orkanerna
Ike, Gustav och Katrina. Medlemmarna berättar hur deras vardag ser ut, exempelvis
hur det är att pendla till skolan när det aldrig finns garanti för att vägen är tillgänglig,
eftersom det är helt beroende på hur vädret är och i vilket stadie av orkansäsongen
52

de är i. Hövding Naquin förklarar även hur han har fått stå emot byråkrati och hur
det är svårt att få sin stams röst hörd eftersom de på statsnivå är icke-erkända och
därmed inte en "riktig" stam. Under dokumentärens gång far även hövding Naquin
till Förenta Nationernas huvudkvarter i New York var han väntar med andra
ursprungsbefolkningsstammars representanter att få talan, dock i onödan. Hövding
Naquin avslutar dokumentären med att visa vart han har tänkt att skulle vara en
ypperlig plats för stammen, eftersom de har inte har någon annan möjlighet än att
flytta och i detta fall för att stammen som ett samhälle med unik kultur och historia
skulle ha en chans att överleva, är det meningen att stammen flyttas till en specifik
plats.
Island Road (2019) är en längre dokumentär, 74 minuter, av Francescu Artily.
Denna dokumentär följer även med Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctawstammens situation
och hur den såg ut år 2019. Dokumentären innehåller flera stillbilder som betonar
hur det faktiskt ser ut på Isle de Jean Charles, och med denna visuella representation
är det väldigt tydligt att regissören har valt att visa det geografiska stället istället för
att fokusera på stammens samhälle. Dokumentären börjar med stillbilder som visar
hur vardagen ser ut på Isle de Jean Charles. Flera vardagliga scenarier visas, såsom
familjemiddagar, hur de fördriver sin lediga tid, och även hur deras jobb ser ut. Det
finns väldigt stark betoning på hur de livnär sig från jorden, bland annat genom
fiskande och jordbruk. I denna dokumentär ligger fokuset på hur medlemmarna av
stammen uppfattar sin situation, hur annorlunda de olika medlemmarna ser på den
och hur de bearbetar sin förlust. Denna dokumentär exkluderar helt hövding Naquin,
vilket i detta fall har lett till att medlemmarna diskuterar även kritik mot honom,
varav den största boven är att hövding Naquin inte ens själv lever på Isle de Jean
Charles och därför inte skulle veta hur det är i verkligheten. Största delen av de
medlemmar som berättar om sin uppfattning är av den äldre generationen, som
pratar engelska, franska och något lokalt språk sinsemellan, vilket automatiskt tyder
på hur unik denna grupp av människor är. Dokumentären slutar med att köra ut från
ön och därmed ser åskådaren hur ömtålig tillgången till Isle de Jean Charles
verkligen är, eftersom vägen är omringad av den Mexikanska golfen, och det finns
inte några indikatorer på att vattennivån skulle sluta stiga.

53

Avhandlingen utgår ifrån dekolonialiseringen som teori i samband med
ideologianalys som metod för att lyfta fram stereotypier som är inkluderade i
portärtteringen av den Nordamerikanska ursprungsbefolkningen. Dessa stereotypier
ä, baserar sig på Lindbergs observationer, den ädla vilden, den onde vilden,
vildesamhället, vildetänkande och den erotiskt hotande vilden. Dessa stereotypier
har skapats och återskapats under kolonialismens gång och eftersom avhandlingen
utgår ifrån dekolonialiseringsaspekten är dessa stereotypier en utgångspunkt till att
diskutera om dekolonialisering är någonting som aktivt existerar i porträtteringen i
dessa dokumentärer. Ideologianalysen fungerar som metoden och därmed verktyget
för att kunna påpeka om det stämmer att kolonialismen är en del av historian istället
för en aktiv del av samtiden.
Analysen behandlar de kolonialistiska stereotypierna som dyker upp i dessa
dokumentärer. Eftersom materialet är relativt nytt, båda gjorda på 2010-talet, ska
kolonialismen inte ha en inverkan på grund av att det anses vara en del av förflutna. I
analysen betonas ursprungsbefolkningens erfarenheter och i påstående som "This is
the new Trail of Tears" är det tydligt att kolonialismen är en stor del av
ursprungsbefolkningens verklighet.
Den kritiska ideologianalysen som metod framhäver den så kallade gömda nivån
som i detta fall syftar på kolonialismens konsekvenser och stereotypier som
härstammar från den. Den kritiska ideologianalysen är gjord i tre olika steg: första
steget fokuserar på den synliga ytan, det andra steget gör den underliggande gömda
delen synlig, och det tredje steget kontextualiserar texten.
Efter genomgång av vilka stereotypier som förekommer i dokumentärerna, kan det
konstateras att alla de ovannämnda stereotyperna inte finns representerade. Dessa
stereotypier som har ett tydligt förknippande med naturen är de som fokuseras på,
eftersom det finns en tendens att överromantisera ursprungsbefolkningens relation
till naturen, specifikt när det kommer till västerländska narrativ, eller när
västerlänningar är de som styr porträtteringen. Detta påstående kan även bekräftas i
analysen där det poängteras att dessa båda dokumentärer är gjorda av vita
västerlänningar och även fast de är i samarbete med ursprungsbefolkningen har de
inte undangått att återskapa dessa stereotypier, även i fall var de borde vara så
54

kallade positiva stereotypier. Dock är det mer mångfasetterat än det, stereotypier
skapar fördomar och slutligen finns det inte positiva stereotypier på grund av att de
har en tendens att bli den enda sanningen och därmed reducera
ursprungsbefolkningen till en enda representation, istället för att betona att det finns
skillnader i alla individer och i alla grupperingar.
Stereotypierna har skapats inom ett kolonialistiskt perspektiv och inom en
kolonialistisk epok, och hur de återskapas än i denna dag, och detta tar sitt uttryck i
form av exotifiering, rasifiering, marginalisering, upprätthållning av kolonialistiska
föreställningar och genom den byråkrati som krävs i denna specifika situation.
Ideologianalysen lyfter fram hur kolonialismen och dekolonialiseringen hänger ihop
och hur de fortsättningsvis idkar reduceringen av ursprungsbefolkningen till
ålderdomliga stereotypier, som i sin tur inte ger utrymme för tillväxt eller avvikelse.
Kolonialismens spår och konsekvenser är det som präglar ursprungsbefolkningens
liv, erfarenheter och upplevd verklighet. Dekoloniseringsteorin fungerar som den
röda tråden, genom att framhäva dessa stereotypier, men då dyker problematiken
upp angånde vem som får applicera dekoloniseringsteorin. Det finns källor som
hävdar att endast icke-vita personer kan använda sig av dekoloniseringsteorin
eftersom en vit person är per automatik alltid kolonialiserad, och då uppkommer
problematiken gällande universiteten som en kolonialiserad institution. Dessa
frågeställningar kring problematiken ger upphov inför framtida forskning angående
porträtteringen av ursprungsbefolkningen i relation till dekoloniseringsteorin.

55

Bibliography
Artily, Francescu, Island Road, Louisiana, White Chestnut Production, 2019,
https://www.francescuartily.com/island-road
Brown, Lester, twenty two dimensions of the population problem, Worldwatch
Paper 5, Washington DC: Worldwatch Institute
Chow, Kat So What Exactly is 'Blood Quantum'? February 9, 2018 NPR.org
https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/2018/02/09/583987261/so-what-exactly-isblood-quantum?t=1614303588970&t=1617704639132 retrieved: February 24th
2021
CNN Growing old together on a sinking island
https://youtu.be/35ELQJ73eHo retrieved: March 3rd 2021
Curtis, Kimberley “Climate Refugees” Explained, 2017, UN Dispatch
https://www.undispatch.com/climate-refugees-explained/ retrieved: February 24th
2021
Dermansky, Julie Louisiana Breaks Ground on Isle de Jean Charles Resettlement
Project Amid Pandemic, DeSmog.com, retrieved May 30th 2021
https://www.desmog.com/2020/05/22/isle-de-jean-charles-tribe-louisianaresettlement-construction/
Fanon, Frantz The Wretched of the Earth New York, Grove Press, 1963
https://monoskop.org/images/6/6b/Fanon_Frantz_The_Wretched_of_the_Earth_196
3.pdf
Ferris, Jason & Marshall Ferris, Rebecca, Can't Stop the Water, Louisiana, Cottage
Films, 2013
http://www.cantstopthewater.com/
Hall, Stuart & Du Gay, Paul Questions of Cultural Identity London, SAGE
Publications Ltd, 1997

56

Horse, Perry G. (Kiowa) Native American Identity New Directions for Student
Services, no. 109 Spring 2005, Wiley Periodicals, 2005, p. 61-68
Illman, Ruth & Nynäs, Peter Kultur, människa, möte, Lund, Studentlitteratur, 2017
Imperialism, Encyclopædia of Britannica, retrieved May 30th 2021
https://academic-ebcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/levels/collegiate/article/imperialism/42213
Ladue, Robin A. Economics of Disenrollment Tribal Business Journal, retrieved
February 28th 2021
http://tribalbusinessjournal.com/news/economics-of-disenrollment/
Last Real Indians Disenrollment is an Existential Threat April 5, 2020
https://lastrealindians.com/news/2020/4/5/disenrollment-is-an-existential-threat
Lindberg, Christer Den gode och den onde vilden, Lund, Arkivförlag 1998
Maldonado-Torres, Nelson 'Thinking Through the Decolonial Turn: PostContinental Interventions in Theory, Philosphy, and Critique - An introduction'
Transmodernity: Journal of Peripheral Cultural Production of Luso-Hispanic
World, 1 (2), Fall, 2011
https://escholarship.org/uc/item/59w8j02x retrieved: May 15th 2021
Manifest Destiny, Encyclopædia of Britannica, retrieved February 24th 2021
https://academic-eb-com.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/levels/collegiate/article/ManifestDestiny/50542
McCarthy, Amy A Night of Racism, Patriotism, and Homphobia with Hank
Williams Jr. Dallas Observer retrieved: May 30th 2021
https://www.dallasobserver.com/music/a-night-of-racism-patriotism-andhomophobia-with-hank-williams-jr-7054864

57

Mignolo, Walter D. Coloniality Is Far from Over, and So Must Be Decoloniality
Afterall: A Journal of Art, Context and Enquiry, vol. 43, 2017
https://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/full/10.1086/692552
Mignolo, Walter D. The idea of Latin America, Malden, MA: Blackwell Publishing
2005
https://www.academia.edu/1747245/Mignolo_The_Idea_of_Latina_America
Mignolo, Walter & Walsh, Catherine On decoloniality: concepts, analytics, and
praxis, Durham, Duke University Press, 2018, E-book
Miles, Torrel Men of No Nation: The Creek Freedman and the Fight for Inclusion
https://newtulsastar.com/2020/12/27/men-of-no-nation-the-creek-freedmen-and-thefight-for-inclusion/ retrieved: February 22nd 2021
Miller Cantzler, Julia & Huynh, Megan Native American Environmental Justice as
Decolonization (2016) p. 209
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/0002764215607578 retrieved: May 5th
2021
Morganza-to the Gulf Protection Levee, morganza.org, retrieved: May 30th 2021
http://www.morganza.org/morganza-to-the-gulf-description/
Native American History Timeline, history.org, retrieved May 30th 202
https://www.history.com/topics/native-american-history/native-american-timeline

Native American: Termination, Encyclopædia of Britannica, retrieved March 1st
2021
https://academic-eb-com.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/levels/collegiate/article/NativeAmerican/117303#273168.toc
Ndlovu-Gatsheni, Sabelo. J., Why Decoloniality in the 21st Century? The Thinker,
Vol. 48, nr 10, 2013, p. 5-9
O'Hanlon, Larry Rising Sea Levels Creating First Native American Climate
Refugees, for the Geological Society of America
58

http://www.geosociety.org/GSA/News/Releases/GSA/News/pr/2017/17-54.aspx
retrieved: December 13th 2020
PBS NewsHour In Louisiana, Rising Seas Threathen Native Americans' Land
https://youtu.be/fsoKc3zbnws
Peroff, Nicholas The Autobiography of Russell Means, New York, New York
General Publishing Group, 1995
Powwow, Encyclopædia of Britannica, retrieved May 2nd 2021
https://academic-ebcom.ezproxy.vasa.abo.fi/levels/collegiate/article/powwow/126107
Robinson, A. Regalia, The Canadian Encyclopedia, 2018,
https://www.thecanadianencyclopedia.ca/en/article/indigenous-regalia-in-canada
retrieved: 30 May 2021
Rodriguez, Tanya Decolonization, A Guidebook For Settlers Living on Stolen Land,
2020, retrieved: February 12th 2021
https://gdiriseup.medium.com/decolonization-a-guidebook-for-settlers-living-onstolen-land-57d4e4c04bbb
Tuck, Eve & Yang, K. Wayne, Decolonization is not a metaphor Decolonization:
Indigeneity, Education & Society vol.1, No.1, 2012
https://clas.osu.edu/sites/clas.osu.edu/files/Tuck%20and%20Yang%202012%20Dec
olonization%20is%20not%20a%20metaphor.pdf

UNHCR - The 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees
https://www.unhcr.org/en-us/about-us/background/4ec262df9/1951-conventionrelating-status-refugees-its-1967-protocol.htm retrieved: January 14th 2021
Van Dijk, Teun. A. 2006 Ideology and discourse analysis Journal of Political
Ideologies (June 2006) 11 (2), 115-140
Van Houten, Carolyn The First Offical Climate Refugees in the U.S. Race Against
Time
59

https://news.nationalgeographic.com/2016/05/160525-isle-de-jean-charles-louisianasinking-climate-change-refugees/ retrieved: October 14th 2020
Zimmerman jr., William, The Role of the Bureau of Indian Affairs Since 1933
(1957) The Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, vol 311
p. 31-40 First published May 1, 1957, retrieved February 18th 2021
https://www.jstor.org/stable/1032351

60

