MASTER’S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Olympiada Kosmopoulou
(IN)CREDIBLE LESBIAN AND GAY ASYLUM SEEKERS:
CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENT PRACTICES IN SEXUAL ORIENTATIONBASED ASYLUM CLAIMS IN EUROPE

Master´s
Thesis
International Law

in

Public

Master´s Programme in
International Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi University 2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights
Law
Author: Olympiada Kosmopoulou
Title of the Thesis: (IN)CREDIBLE LESBIAN AND GAY ASYLUM SEEKERS:
CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENT PRACTICES IN SEXUAL ORIENTATION-BASED
ASYLUM CLAIMS IN EUROPE
Supevisor: Catarina Krause
Abstract:
This thesis examines credibility assessment practices of sexual orientation asylum claims in
Europe and their compatibility with human rights standards. The Court of Justice of the European
Union (CJEU) rejected the credibility assessment practices of medical and psychiatric tests,
experts’ reports, sexually explicit documentation, and intrusive questioning as contrary to human
rights. The CJEU did not detail which aspects of these practices are problematic and their relapse
in recent practice calls for their re-examination. Aiming to articulate which aspects of these
credibility assessment practices are breaching human rights, this thesis discusses tests and
experts’ reports, documentation and questioning in relation to the right to private life as well as
the prohibition of degrading treatment for medical tests and examinations from a European Court
of Human Rights standpoint.
In doing so, an overview of the CJEU relevant rulings will be made for each of the three areas of
credibility assessment practices, followed by an analysis of the relevant right(s) drawing from the
precedents of the European Court for Human Rights as well as a discussion on recent
developments of each area of credibility assessment.
Key words: asylum, credibility assessment, sexual orientation, Court of justice of the Europan
Union, European Court of Human Rights, membership of a particular social group, right to
private life, prohibition of degrading treatment, persecution ground, lesbian, gay, evidence,
questioning.
Date: 13/05/2021

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

Number of pages: 78
Number of words (excl.
bibliography and
annexes): 28961

TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. INTRODUCTION.................................................................................................... 1
1.1 Background ......................................................................................................... 1
1.2 Research Question and Structure...................................................................... 3
1.3 Scope, Sources and Limitations ......................................................................... 4
1.4 Definitions ............................................................................................................ 7
2. UNDERSTANDING THE CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENT OF SEXUAL
ORIENTATION........................................................................................................... 9
2.1 Sexual Orientation as a Persecution Ground ................................................... 9
2.1.1 The immutable characteristics and social perception approaches ...... 11
2.1.2 The UNHCR approach .......................................................................... 13
2.1.3 The EU approach ................................................................................... 15
2.2 Credibility Assessment ..................................................................................... 19
2.2.1 Burden of proof ...................................................................................... 20
2.2.2 Evidentiary issues................................................................................... 22
2.2.3 Alleviation form the duty to present evidence ....................................... 25
2.2.4 Self-identification ................................................................................... 27
3. CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENT PRACTICES ................................................... 29
3.1 Testing and Experts’ Reports .......................................................................... 29
3.1.1 ‘What medical evidence is there that your client is gay?’ .................... 29
3.1.2 Framework ............................................................................................. 33
3.1.3 Previous jurisprudence and developments ............................................ 34
3.1.4 Medical tests and the prohibition of degrading treatment ................... 38
3.1.5 Medical tests, psychiatrist and psychologist experts’ reports and the right
to private life .................................................................................................... 40
3.1.6 Recent Jurisprudence and developments .............................................. 44

3.2 Sexually Explicit Documentation .................................................................... 46
3.2.1 ‘What can the asylum seeker do – is it possible to ‘prove’ sexual
identity?’ .......................................................................................................... 46
3.2.2 Previous jurisprudence and developments ............................................ 49
3.2.3 Sexually explicit documentation and the right to private life .............. 50
3.2.4 Trends following the prohibition of sexually explicit evidence ............ 51
3.3. Intrusive Questioning ...................................................................................... 59
3.3.1 ‘How many sexual encounters have you had with your partner?’ ...... 59
3.3.2 Intrusive and explicit questioning and the right to private life ............ 60
3.3.3 Recent trends in questioning and expected narratives ........................ 66
4. CONCLUSIONS ................................................................................................... 74
BIBLIOGRAPHY ..........................................................................................................

ABBREVIATIONS
CoE: Council of Europe
CJEU: Court of Justice of the European Union
DSSH: Difference, stigma, shame and harm
EASO: European Asylum Support Office
ECtHR: European Court of Human Rights
ECHR: Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms (European Convention on Human Rights)
EU: European Union
EU Charter: Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union
FRA: European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights
OFPRA: French Office for the Protection of Refugees and Stateless (Office
français de protection des réfugiés et apatrides)
MPSG: Membership of a particular social group
ORAM: Organisation for Refugee, Asylum and Migration
SOGI: Sexual orientation and gender identity
UNHCR: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees

1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Background
International protection, stipulated in the 1951 Geneva Convention relating to the Status
of Refugees (hereinafter ‘Refugee Convention’) in conjunction with its 1967 New York
Protocol (hereinafter ‘Protocol’), has been translated in complex and multi-layered
national determination procedures. Since the first sexual orientation-based asylum
claim in the 1980s,1 the ‘umbrella’ persecution ground ‘membership in a particular
social group has come to encompass sexual orientation.2 The said trend, along with the
reported increase of refugee claims based on sexual orientation,3 has given rise to the
determination of many claims by lesbian and gay persons.4 States in the Americas,
Oceania, Europe as well as South Africa have provided safe haven to persecuted lesbian
and gay persons over the past decades.
Lesbian and gay persons face distinct challenges in the refugee status determination
procedure.5 Refugee law involves the most narrative mode of legal adjudication and
credibility assessment has been a heavyweight issue with increasing significance.6 The
assessment of credibility is based on documentary evidence, the interview of the
applicant and country of origin information.7 International and regional instruments,
case law, guidelines and publications of human rights organisations indicate that
contested practices permeate all three aspects of credibility assessment. Asylum
authorities have predicated queer refugee status determination on tests, medical reports,
explicit documentation and intrusive questioning. ‘Transnational judicial dialogue’8
and academic research have fruited significant advancements in the area of sexual

1

See in: Fullerton (1990), pp. 383-387. Millbank (2009b) locates the broader acceptance of sexual
orientation as persecution ground in the mid-1990’s. LaViolette (2010) reports the first adjudicated
sexual orientation asylum claim in Canada in 1991. Choi (2010) submits that the first sexual orientationbased asylum was granted in Australia in 1994.
2
For instance, from the 47 member-States of the CoE (2011), ‘[t]wenty-six member states have explicitly
recognised in their national legislation that sexual orientation is included in the notion of membership of
a particular social group’. See also: UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 1; ICJ (2016), p. 1;
Dauvergne and Millbank (2003a), pp. 300-301; LaViolette (2010), pp. 174-175 and 189.
3
Kahn and Alessi (2017), p. 23.
4
Dauvergne and Millbank (2003a), pp. 300-301; Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 195.
5
Choi (2010), pp. 241-242.
6
Millbank (2009a), p. 2.
7
FRA (2017), p. 5.
8
Hathaway and Foster (2014), pp. 4-5. See also the discussion on its outcome in: Dauvergne and
Millbank (2003b).

1

orientation-based asylum claims.9 Nonetheless, while these gains are toiled, many
queer asylum seekers potentially qualifying for the refugee status are being rejected.10
The discretion requirement,11 which was employed in reasonings across many
jurisdictions as the basis to reject sexual orientation-based asylum claims, basically
misplaced States’ responsibility to protect asylum seekers from persecution to asylum
seekers themselves by requiring them to conceal their sexual orientation and supress
expressing it upon return to the country of origin.12 The concealment requirement was
rejected in two of the highest-level judicial determinations of queer asylum claims in
Australia in 2003 and in the UK in 2010.13 In the UK the ‘reasonably tolerable’ bother
that queer asylum seekers had to endure by concealing their sexual orientation upon
return to the country of origin was rejected in the landmark case HJ (Iran) and HT
(Cameroon) v Secretary of State for the Home Department (hereinafter ‘HJ and HT’).14
Following this major shift, a trend of disbelieving the vey persecution ground, i.e.
sexual orientation, grew across jurisdictions which had rejected the discretion
reasoning.15 This development exacerbated contested credibility practices already used
and gave impetus to the employment and acceptance of exorbitant credibility
assessment trends.
Following the rejection of the discretion requirement and its impact on the adjudication
of sexual orientation-based asylum claims, three regional rulings dealt with significant
areas in the determination of sexual orientation-based asylum claims. In 2013 the Court
of Justice of the European Union (hereinafter ‘CJEU’) provided a preliminary ruling on
the joined cases C-199/12, C 200/12 and C 201/12, resulting in the judgement X and Y
and Z v Minister voor Immigratie en Asiel (hereinafter ‘X, Y and Z’). The judgement
shed light on the questions whether gay asylum seekers are members of a particular
social group, whether they are to conceal their sexual orientation in the country of origin
to avoid persecution and to which extent the criminalisation of non-heterosexual acts

9

Such as the explicit forsaking of the discretion requirement. See in: Wessels (2013), p. 75; Briddock
(2016), p. 156.
10
Millbank (2012), p. 499.
11
Otherwise known as ‘concealment requirement’.
12
See further: Kendal (2003); Choi (2010); Wessels (2013).
13
For the Australian case see: Dauvergne and Millbank (2003b).
14
HJ (Iran) and HT (Cameroon) v Secretary of State for the Home Department [2010] UKSC 31. For
commentaries on this decision see: Anker and Andralan (2012); Goodman (2012); Hathaway and Popjoy
(2012); Millbank (2012) and Wessels (2012).
15
See further: Millbank (2009b); Gray and McDowall (2013); Briddock (2016); Wessels (2017).

2

amounts to persecution. In 2014 the joined cases C‑148/13, C‑149/13 and C‑150/13
resulted in the preliminary ruling A, B and C v Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en
Justitie (herein after ‘A, B and C’). The CJEU examined restrictions imposed by the EU
aquis to the assessment of credibility of sexual orientation-based asylum claims, and
specifically sexualised evidence and questioning, stereotyped assessments, and late
disclosure of the sexual orientation in relation to applicants’ credibility. The third and
most recent case C‑473/16 yielded the ruling F v Bevándorlási és Állampolgársági
Hivatal (hereinafter ‘F’). The F case dealt with the means of applicable evidence to
sexual orientation cases, focusing on the evidentiary means of psychologist experts’
opinions. These rulings have influenced relevant decision-making, litigation, policy,
research, and advocacy work.16 Nevertheless, practices with questionable compatibility
with human rights standards continue to resurface in the refugee status determinations.
1.2 Research Question and Structure
Against this backdrop, the present thesis will examine credibility assessment practices
of sexual orientation-based claims and their development before and after the relevant
CJEU rulings, paying particular regard to their compatibility with human rights
standards. While tests, experts’ reports, sexually explicit documentation, and intrusive
questioning have already been pronounced by the CJEU to violate human rights, the
respective analyses have not detailed the intricacies of these practices with the rights
they found to violate. Hence, this thesis will take the direction to consider them through
a European Court of Human Rights (hereinafter ‘ECtHR’) analysis, which offers a solid
analytical framework and has not addressed any of these practices to date. Particularly,
the aim is to examine the said credibility assessment practices to better understand
which of their aspects are incompatible with human rights and identify them in recent
respective practice.
In doing so, the main question to be answered is how an ECtHR outlook would have
analysed these practices. The analysis will also shed light on the caveats of CJEU
rulings and how relevant credibility assessment trends have developed following CJEU
precedent. Despite medical tests and experts’ reports, sexually explicit documentation
and intrusive questioning having been pronounced in violation of human rights they
16

This is evident also from a series of articles on each ruling as well as relevant publications on the
aftermath of these judgements. For ruling-specific articles see: ICJ (2014), Ferreira and Venturi (2017)
and (2018); for publications see: CJEU (2017) and Jansen (2019).

3

still nuance in the determination of asylum seekers’ claims, thus challenging the
deployment of international refugee and human rights law for lesbian and gay asylum
seekers. Therefore, recent issues and trends will be emphasised, to provide a
contemporary conclusion on their compatibility with relevant human rights standards.
For the above purposes, a chapter dissecting sexual orientation as a persecution ground,
as well as the concept of credibility assessment will follow. After establishing the
premises of the credibility assessment of sexual orientation asylum claims, chapter 3,
unfolding the main analysis, will ensue. Chapter 3 will comprise the subchapters of
testing and experts’ reports, sexually explicit documentation, and intrusive questioning.
Drawing insights from the ECtHR precedents and rights analysis, the CJEU rulings on
credibility assessment practices will be examined. All credibility assessment practices
will be analysed in relation to the right to private life, and only the practice of tests will
be analysed also in relation to the prohibition of ill-treatment, given the additional
challenges it poses. Each subchapter will provide an overview of the practices prior to
the CJEU relevant ruling(s), an analysis of the pertinent substantive right(s) and a
discussion on the evolvement of the relevant issues. The last chapter will synopsise the
conclusions of the substantive chapters.
1.3 Scope, Sources and Limitations
Being one of the regions where persons have been entitled to refugee status on the
grounds of their sexual orientation over the past decades, the examination will involve
the European Union (hereinafter ‘the EU’) Member States. No case study of a particular
country will be attempted, albeit it should be born in mind that the endeavour of a
symmetrical reference of the said countries has some inherent obstacles. Decision
making procedures vary overwhelmingly across EU countries and the same applies for
relevant resources.17 Moreover, some countries have more advanced jurisprudence on
specific practices and, hence, more examples to showcase and developed research than
others.18 Therefore, this thesis will involve mainly EU countries in which the
determination of asylum seekers’ credibility has been questionable and have extensive
representation in relevant resources and publications.

17

Ferreira (2018), p. 36.
For instance, Portugal for the period 2000-2010 determined only nine sexual orientation-based claims.
See in: Ferreira (2015), p. 2.
18

4

By the same token, two countries currently not belonging to the EU, namely the UK
and Norway, will be included in this analysis as well. Despite having formally left the
EU, the United Kingdom (hereinafter ‘the UK’) was an EU Member State until 2020.
Moreover, case law and research regarding the UK have been pivotal for the
development of the doctrine in relation to sexual orientation-based asylum claims. For
these reasons the UK will be under this scope for the period until the Withdrawal
Agreement entered into force.19
Even if not a Member State, Norway not only has adapted the New Norwegian
Immigration Act aligned with the EU’s asylum policy, but also participates in the
Schengen area and cooperation,20 the European Asylum Support Office,21 the Dublin
III Regulation,22 and has an observer status in the European Migration Network.
Norway has undertaken migration policies consistent with those of the EU for the past
two decades.23 On these bases, Norway’s credibility assessment practices on sexual
orientation-based asylum claims are largely intertwined with those developed in EU
countries. Given the above, Norway will be mentioned in relation to the development
of certain practices common with EU countries, bearing in mind that it does not abide
by some of the instruments of the Common European Asylum System.24
All countries under this scope are parties to the Refugee Convention and its Protocol,
as well as to the Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms (also known as European Convention on Human Rights; hereinafter
‘ECHR’). The EU has incorporated relevant international instruments in its regional
hard and soft law. Directives 2013/32/EU (hereinafter ‘recast Asylum Procedures
Directive’) and 2011/95/EU (hereinafter ‘recast Qualification Directive’) will also be
central to the analysis for the part of EU countries. Notably, the CJEU rulings under
consideration interpreted the provisions of Directives 2005/85/EC (hereinafter Asylum
Procedures Directive) and 2004/83/EC (hereinafter Qualification Directive), each of

19

Namely, 31.01.2020. See: Brexit: EU-UK relationship.
See: Schengen Agreement and Schengen Convention.
21
EASO Regulation, Recital 24, Article 49.
22
Regulation No 604/2013.
23
Janmyr (2014), p. 182; Brekke and Staver (2010), pp. 2163-2164.
24
While Norway participates in the Dublin III Regulation and the European Asylum support Office, it
does not abide by the three main instruments of CEAS, namely the recast Asylum Procedures Directive,
the recast Qualification Directive and the Reception Conditions Directive.
20

5

these has been repealed by its respective recast version.25 Nevertheless, since the
provisions at stake in the rulings correspond to those of the recast Directives currently
in force, during the discussion there will be interplay between the repealed version of
the Directives and the recast ones without further reference. In the context of the
Common European Asylum System Reform, aiming to harmonise the standards
regarding the recognition of persons in need of international protection across the EU,
a Regulation has been proposed by the European Commission to replace both the recast
Qualification and Asylum Procedures Directives.26 The Commission’s and the relevant
European Parliament’s proposals will also be enmeshed in the analysis.27
The jurisprudence of two regional judicial human rights bodies, namely the ECtHR and
the CJEU, which have decided a number of cases of queer asylum seekers and
established significant precedent, will be in the spotlight of this analysis. While the
focus will be on the regional court’s rulings for EU Member-States, if relevant, national
case law will be referenced in the event it has been instrumental for the development of
norms and the doctrine. Subsidiary sources will also include interpretative guidance of
primary sources, having regard to their relevance with the subject-matter. States-parties
to the Refugee Convention have an explicit obligation to comply with the supervisory
functions of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (hereinafter
‘UNHCR’).28 As the ‘guardian’ of the Refugee Convention,29 the UNHCR has
elucidated the interpretation and application of the Refugee Convention, not excluding
the procedural issues of sexual orientation-based asylum claims. The views of the
agency are highly regarded by judicial institutions, proof of which is the inclusion of
its publications in decisions’ reasoning and its participation as intervening party in
asylum-related proceedings.30 Academic literature is chosen with regard to its
contribution in the clarification and development of the legal issues in point.
This thesis will examine asylum claims based solely on sexual orientation made by
lesbian and gay individuals, abating the additional legal and factual impediments faced

25

Namely, the Asylum Procedures Directive was repealed by the recast Asylum Procedures Directive
(2013/32/EU), while the Qualification Directive was repealed by the recast Qualification Directive
(2011/95/EU).
26
European Commission (2016).
27
European Parliament (2017).
28
Refugee Convention, art. 35 (1).
29
UNHCR Statute, Chapter I (1) and (8) (a).
30
See for instance: M.S.S. v. Belgium and Greece, 2011, paras. 7 and 56.

6

by bisexual persons and asylum claimants on the basis of gender identity.31 Statistics,
where available, show that in sexual orientation-based asylum claims the percentage of
lesbian women is by far lower than that of gay men.32 This disproportion, in conjunction
with the overall invisibility of lesbians, ranging from their persecution in the country
of origin to the refugee status determination,33 has shaped the asylum body of law in
relation to sexual orientation claims to adopt a rather male-orientated perspective,
which will not be entirely avoided in this thesis.
The scope of this thesis is not exhaustive of the issues arising in the credibility
assessment of sexual orientation-based asylum claims. Even though tests, experts’
reports, sexually explicit documentation, and intrusive questioning have been explicitly
rejected, their relapse in practice thereafter calls for their revisiting. It is worth noting,
that the credibility assessment practices under examination may also concern asylum
claims on the basis of gender identity.
1.4 Definitions
‘Credibility’ is defined in ordinary use as ‘the quality of being convincing or
believable’34 or as ‘the fact that someone can be believed or trusted’.35 In the context
of refugee law, UNHCR defines ‘credibility assessment’ as:
‘the process of gathering relevant information from the applicant, examining it in the light of
all the information available to the decision maker, and determining whether the statements
of the applicant relating to material elements of the claim can be accepted, for the purpose of
the determination of qualification for refugee and/or subsidiary protection status.’36

Credibility will be examined herein both in relation to the eligibility of the testimony
as evidence in the refugee status determination as well as to other elements of the
application’s eligibility or the asylum claim as a whole.37

31

UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), par. 16. For instance: Briddock (2016), fn. 7; Wessels (2011), pp. 7-

8.
32

Akin (2018), pp. 33-34; Akin (2016), p. 5.
See: Lewis (2014); Dawson and Gerber (2017).
34
The Concise Oxford Dictionary (1995), ‘credibility’.
35
Cambridge Dictionary online, ‘credibility’.
36
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 27.
37
The term credibility has variably been referred to either to the procedural stage of assessing the
applicants’ testimonies or as to the credibility of the well-founded fear. See: Kagan (2003), pp. 369-370.
33

7

The Yogyakarta Principles, a set of international legal principles dealing with human
rights violations on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity,38 term sexual
orientation as ‘each person’s capacity for profound emotional, affectional and sexual
attraction to, and intimate and sexual relations with, individuals of a different gender or
the same gender or more than one gender”,39 otherwise referred to as same-sex
‘enduring physical, romantic, and emotional attractions’.40 The present thesis prefers
the terms of self-description ‘lesbian’ and ‘gay’. The capacious term ‘queer’, despite
encompassing more sexualities and identities under its rubric, in this thesis will capture
only lesbian and gay individuals.41 The term ‘homosexual’, given its historical
utilisation in civil jurisdictions as a medical categorisation associated with
wrongfulness,42 will only be cited from original sources.
For analytical ease ‘asylum application’ and ‘claim’ will interchangeably refer to
national procedures on behalf of persons fleeing persecution, who seek ‘asylum’ or
‘international protection’. ‘Decision makers’ will include judges, public officials,
interviewers and employees in judicial and quasi-judicial asylum and refugee status
determination authorities, who are involved in the collection of corroborative material
and testimonies, as well as, the procedural stage of the credibility assessment.
‘Statement’ and ‘testimony’ will invariably refer to either the written reports of the
interviews or to the asylum seekers’ oral or written statements.

38

See discussion in O’Flaherty and Fisher (2008); O’Flaherty (2015).
Yogyakarta Principles, p. 6; fn.1.
40
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 10.
41
The acronym LGBTQI+ is intentionally left out because in some cases outside the present scope it is
used in a confining sense, homogenously categorising otherwise fluid identities.
42
Foucault (1978), pp. 38-43 and 100-102.
39

8

2. UNDERSTANDING THE CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENT OF SEXUAL
ORIENTATION

2.1 Sexual Orientation as a Persecution Ground
The Refugee Convention and its Protocol stipulate the term refugee as:
‘any person who [...] owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of
race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion,
is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or, owing to such fear, is
unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country; or who, not having a
nationality and being outside the country of his former habitual residence as a result
of such events, is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to return to it.’ 43

The intention of the drafters of the Convention, that persons who could not claim
persecution on the grounds ‘race, religion, nationality […] or political opinion’ are
entitled to asylum too, was crystallised in the inclusion of the catch-all persecution
ground ‘membership of a particular social group’.44
Sexual orientation is not explicitly enumerated as a persecution ground in the Refugee
Convention. Nevertheless, depending on the circumstances, sexual orientation-based
asylum claims can be made under any of the grounds laid down therein. As ‘Convention
grounds are not mutually exclusive’, a person might be eligible for international
protection under more than one persecution ground.45 Despite the potential overlap of
membership of a particular social group with other persecution grounds,46 sexual
orientation has traditionally fallen under the persecution ground ‘membership of a
particular social group’ in EU countries.47 The first admissible asylum claims on the
basis of sexual orientation in the EU have been reported form mid-1980’s onwards, in

43

Refugee Convention, Article 1 A (2) and 1967 Protocol Article 1 (2).
Henes (1994), pp. 381-382. The suggestion that a provision covering refugees persecuted for belonging
in a particular social group should be included, which resulted in the umbrella persecution ground
‘membership in a particular social group’ was made by the Swedish delegate to the Conference of
Plenipotentiaries discussing the draft Convention for the Status of Refugees. Conference of
Plenipotentiaries (1951), p. 14.
45
UNHCR MPSG (2002), para. 4; UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 77.
46
UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 77.
47
Ferreira (2018), p. 38; Dustin and Held (2018), p. 75; UNHCR Guidelines (2002), paras. 1 and 6-7;
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), paras. 8 and 29; UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), paras. 44-49;
UNHCR (2010), paras. 27 and 55 (F); Aleinikoff (2001), p. 288; Wessels (2011), pp. 8-9.
44

9

diverging degrees across the countries concerned.48 For instance, while the first
successful sexual orientation-based claim is reported in Germany as early as 1983,49
eligibility of sexual orientation as membership of a particular social group was finally
accepted in the UK in 1999.50 Currently there are no statistics available on sexual
orientation-based asylum claims across the majority of EU countries, but those
producing relevant data report a gradual increase in claims. 51
The Yogyakarta Principles point out every person’s ‘right to seek and enjoy in other
countries asylum from persecution, including persecution related to sexual orientation
or gender identity’. The same Principle also emphasises States’ duty to undertake
legislative measures to ‘ensure that a well-founded fear of persecution on the basis of
sexual orientation or gender identity is accepted as a ground for the recognition of
refugee status and asylum.52
Regionally, the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union (hereinafter ‘ÉU
Charter’) envisages the right to seek asylum by virtue of the Refugee Convention and
its Protocol to which right any person is equally entitled and no one should be
discriminated against on the basis of their sexual orientation among other grounds.53
The term refugee is defined in the recast Qualification Directive in almost identical
wording as the Refugee Convention, envisaging ‘race, religion, nationality, political
opinion or membership of a particular social group’ as potential persecution grounds.54
The recast Qualification Directive provides the EU definition of the particular social
group as follows:
‘a group shall be considered to form a social group where in particular:

48

While the first successful sexual orientation-based claim is reported in Germany as early as 1983,
eligibility of sexual orientation as membership of a particular social group was finally accepted in the
UK in 1999, following the case Shah and Islam, concerning gender and particular social group. See
Millbank (2005), p. 116.
49
Verwaltungsgericht Wiesbaden, paras. 13-14, cited in Fullerton (1990), pp. 408-410.
50
In the decision: Shah and Islam [1999] UKHL 20, dealing with gender and membership of a particular
social group. See: Millbank (2005), p. 116; Dustin (2018), p. 6. Nevertheless, McGhee (2000) reports a
positive refugee status determination of a gay man in 1998, fn. 14.
51
FRA (2017), p. 3; EMN (2016).
52
Yogyakarta Principles, Principle 23 (a).
53
EU Charter, Articles 18, 20 and 21.
54
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 2 (d).

10

— members of that group share an innate characteristic, or a common background that
cannot be changed, or share a characteristic or belief that is so fundamental to identity
or conscience that a person should not be forced to renounce it, and
— that group has a distinct identity in the relevant country, because it is perceived as
being different by the surrounding society.
Depending on the circumstances in the country of origin, a particular social group might
include a group based on a common characteristic of sexual orientation’55

A discussion on the EU lex lata regarding ‘membership to a particular social group’
invites an overview of the development of the doctrine on this persecution ground.
2.1.1 The immutable characteristics and social perception approaches
Membership of a particular social group has been interpreted through two main
approaches primarily developed in common law countries’ jurisprudence.56 Over the
years several cases have ruled on the matter of membership of a particular social group,
establishing the ‘protected characteristics’ and the ‘social perception’ approaches. Civil
law jurisdictions, like the majority of the ones under this scope, have mentioned both
approaches but developed and emphasised them to a lesser extent.57

In the case Matter of Acosta the Board of Immigration Appeals in the United States of
America in interpreting the membership of a particular social group employed the
doctrine ejusdem generis, i.e. ‘of the same kind’, according to which ‘general words
used in an enumeration with specific words should be construed consistently with the
specific words’.58 According to the court’s reasoning, the express persecution grounds
involve a characteristic that ‘either is beyond the power of an individual to change or is
so fundamental to individual identity or conscience that it ought not be required to be
changed’.59 The court held that membership of particular social group should be
55

[emphasis added] The provision further reads: ’Sexual orientation cannot be understood to include acts
considered to be criminal in accordance with national law of the Member States. Gender related aspects,
including gender identity, shall be given due consideration for the purposes of determining membership
of a particular social group or identifying a characteristic of such a group.’ Recast Qualification Directive,
Article 10 (1) (d).
56
Wessels (2011), p. 10; UNHCR MPSG (2002), para. 5. Nevertheless, Aleinikoff (2001) finds that
common law jurisprudence has mostly adopted the ‘protected characteristics’ approach. Marouf (2008)
holds that the United States, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom follow the protected
characteristics approach, while Australia mostly applies a social perception approach, paying regard to
immutable characteristics too, pp. 48-49.
57
UNHCR MPSG (2002), para. 8.
58
Henes (1994), p. 390.
59
Matter of Acosta (1985), para. 53.

11

‘directed toward an individual who is a member of a group of persons all of whom share
a common, immutable characteristic.’60
The case Matter of Acosta was initially adopted the protected characteristics test,61
which was then advanced in the case Canada (Attorney-General) v. Ward further
specifying three categories of particular social groups:62
‘(1) groups defined by an innate, unchangeable characteristic; (2) groups
whose members voluntarily associate for reasons so fundamental to their
human dignity that they should not be forced to forsake the association; and
(3) groups associated by a former voluntary status, unalterable due to its
historical permanence’63

In Australia the 1997 case Applicant A and Another v. Minister for Immigration and
Ethnic Affairs and Another stood out for adopting what has become known as the
‘social perception approach’:64
A particular social group […] is a collection of persons who share a certain
characteristic or element which unites them and enables them to be set apart from
society at large. That is to say,not only must such persons exhibit some common
element; the element must unite them, making those who share it a cognisable group
within their society. […] However, one important limitation […] is that the
characteristic or element which unites the group cannot be a common fear of
persecution.65

A group defined under a ‘protected characteristics’ approach is possibly perceived as
such by society as well. Nevertheless, a social perception approach recognises the
significance of potential external factors for the circumscription of a social group, thus
taking the ‘protected characteristics’ approach a step forward.66 The realities of queer
asylum seekers may reflect either of these
An exclusive application of either of the tests has shortcomings though. For instance,
the protected characteristics approach has been labelled as insensitive toward cultural
differences and sexual identity development. On the other hand, it has been argued that
the social perception approach poses difficulties to assess the context-dependent

60

Ibid, para. 54. The ‘protected characteristics’ approach is otherwise mentioned as ‘immutability
approach’ or ejusdem generis approach.
61
La Violette (2010), fn. 112.
62
Wessels (2011), p. 10.
63
Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward (1993), pp. 7-8.
64
Wessels (2011), p. 10.
65
Applicant A and Another v. Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs and Another (1997), pp. 8-9.
66
Aleinikoff (2001), p. 297.

12

society’s perceptions as well as to be proved with traditional types of evidence.67
Moreover, the social perception test, emphasising on external factors to establish he
membership of particular social group, raises the burden of proof of asylum seekers as
well as expects them to be visible in a normative way.68 This is particularly evident in
queer asylum claims, as sexual orientation provides limited external or objective
indicators of the membership of a particular social group, especially in the frequent case
that an asylum seeker had little externalised – if at all – their sexual orientation in the
country of origin.69 The paradox of the matter is that while non-heterosexual individuals
are often forced to conceal their sexual orientation for numerous reasons,70 sexual
orientation is a characteristic that has to be revealed.71
2.1.2 The UNHCR approach
Aiming to bridge the protection gaps resulting from either of the above-mentioned
approaches, the UNHCR has defined the particular social group as:
‘a group of persons who share a common characteristic other than their risk of
being persecuted, or who are perceived as a group by society. The characteristic
will often be one which is innate, unchangeable, or which is otherwise fundamental
to identity, conscience or the exercise of one’s human rights.’72

Aside from the alternative definition of a particular social group, the approach adopted
by UNHCR accommodates flexibly the protected characteristic notion. The latter is
further interpreted in the UNHCR Guidelines on asylum claims on the basis of sexual
orientation and gender identity which read:
‘The two approaches – “protected characteristics” and “social perception” - to
identifying “particular social groups” reflected in this definition are alternative, not
cumulative tests. The “protected characteristics” approach examines whether a group
is united either by an innate or immutable characteristic or by a characteristic that is
so fundamental to human dignity that a person should not be compelled to forsake it.
The “social perception” approach, on the other hand, examines whether a particular
social group shares a common characteristic which makes it cognizable or sets the
group’s members apart from society at large.’73
67

Marouf involved the social perceptions as part of her argument on the ‘social visibility’ test, which
emerged in the US jurisprudence in 2007, in addition to the protected characteristics approach
traditionally applied. ‘Social visibility’ is different than the social perception approach in focusing on the
visibility of group members rather than on the cognisability of the group by society. See in: Marouf
(2008), pp. 49 and 71-77.
68
Begazo (2019), p. 170.
69
Millbank (2009b), p. 399.
70
Marouf (2008), p. 79.
71
Wessels (2011), p. 29.
72
[emphasis added] UNHCR MPSG (2002), para. 11; UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 44.
73
[emphasis in the original] UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 45.

13

Furthermore, the UNHCR Handbook on Procedures and Criteria for Determining
Refugee Status maintains that ‘[a] “particular social group” normally comprises persons
of similar background, habits or social status.’74 The word ‘normally’ before the
qualifier ‘similar background’ indicates that the definition of characteristics of a
particular social group is not exhaustive.75 Specifically, UNHCR guidance purports an
suggests and open-ended interpretation of a particular social group. The discourse over
whether sexual orientation is a ‘innate’ characteristic or an identity developed by
multiple parameters is futile, since relevant scientific disciplines, such as psychology
and social sciences have not reached a common ground.76 In other words, given the
very nature of sexual orientation as part of a person’s identity, an attempt to strictly fit
it under either the innate characteristic or the characteristic fundamental for a person’s
identity categories, is immaterial in relation to refugee status determination.
A ground in the interpretations of the particular social group, common across different
jurisdictions, is that members thereof should have in common something other than the
mere persecution against it and that the group need not be a ‘cohesive’ in the sense of
visibility and/or voluntary association amongst the members, to qualify as a particular
social group.77 Cohesiveness and association amongst group members were considered
redundant tests also by a German Court which established persons with same-sex sexual
orientation as a particular social group in 1983,78 in perhaps the earliest decision
granting asylum on the basis of sexual orientation in one of the countries under the
present scope. The decision adopted the standpoint of an objective observer of the
society to examine whether a group is undesirable therein, and rendered the viewpoint
of the general population toward a group as the key to determine whether the said group
is acceptable in a society.79

74

[emphasis added] UNHCR Handbook, para. 77.
The wording has been adopted identically in the current 2011 version from the 1979 version of the
UNHCR Handbook. See in: Henes (1994), p. 382.
76
ICJ (2016), p. 30. See: American Psychological Association (2008).
77
Aleinikoff (2001), p. 310.
78
Judgment of Apr. 26, 1983, No. IV/I E 06244/81, Verwaltungsgericht Wiesbaden
[VGWl, paras. 13-14, cited in Fullerton (1990), pp. 408-410.
75

79

Ibid.

14

An integrated approach of the two tests has rather viewed the ‘protected characteristics’
as the quintessence of the ‘social perception’ analysis, than as two separate competing
approaches, asserting that ‘immutable characteristics generally produce social
perceptions, particularly when those characteristics have been used as reasons for the
imposition of harms.’80 Even though the early German decision was welcomed by
commentators for its pragmatic and flexible approach,81 recent EU practice has moved
afar from an amalgamated interpretation of the two tests.
2.1.3 The EU approach
Unless otherwise dictated in domestic legislation, EU Member States, in considering
membership of a particular social group of queer asylum seekers, apply the cumulative
approach suggested by Article 10 (d) of the recast Qualification Directive mentioned
earlier. Namely, queer asylum seekers have to establish both that they share an innate
or fundamental characteristic and that they are perceived as a distinct group by society.
Hence, the EU framework creates both an internal and an external test for queer asylum
seekers to pass for their persecution ground to be established.
The CJEU had the opportunity to clarify how the particular social group tests should be
interpreted in the preliminary ruling X, Y and Z requested by the Dutch Council of State.
This ruling originated from three asylum cases, domestically rejected, due to disbelief
of the well-founded fear of persecution upon return to their countries of origin and not
disbelief of the applicants’ claimed sexual orientation.82 Nevertheless, among the three
main questions the Dutch Council of State addressed to the CJEU was whether
individuals with same-sex sexual orientation form a ‘particular social group’ in the
sense of Article 10 of the Qualification Directive.83 The Court having recourse to the
definition of refugee, affirmed that depending on individual circumstances in the
country of origin a person can claim asylum on the basis of their membership of a
particular social group.84 The Court made explicit that ‘a group is regarded as a

80

Aleinikoff (2001), p. 300.
Fullerton (1990) p. 410; Henes (1994), p. 385.
82
X, Y and Z, para. 28.
83
Ibid., para. 37 (1). The ruling made reference to Article 10 (1) (d) of the Directive 2004/83/EC, the
content of which is found identical in the recast Qualification Directive currently in force.
84
Ibid., paras. 42-43.
81

15

‘particular social group’ where […] two conditions are met’,85 thus necessitating both
the innate/fundamental characteristic and the social perception for qualifying as a
member of a particular social group.
The wording of the Court did not imply that the innate/fundamental characteristic and
social perception criteria may be applied on the alternative. Even though such approach
can be justified as per a literal reading of the norm,86 it is the very wording introducing
the two tests, i.e. ‘a group shall be considered to form a social group where in
particular’, that indicates that the enumeration of the two tests is not exhaustive. In any
event, the recital of the recast Qualification Directive clearly sets forth ‘the full and
inclusive application’ of the Refugee Convention and its Protocol, which is to permeate
the entire instrument.87 The latter implies that the views of UNHCR, as the ‘guardian’
of the Refugee Convention,88 shall be highly regarded in the interpretation and
application of refugee law.89 The latter is also suggested in the text of the recast
Qualification Directive, which deems the Refugee Convention and its Protocol as ‘the
cornerstone of the international legal regime for the protection of refugees’.90
Nevertheless, the X, Y and Z affirmed a cumulative application of the protected
characteristics and social perception tests for the establishment of membership of the
social group of queer persons. This interpretation of the rule is starkly at odds with
UNHCR alternative approach on membership to a particular social group, providing for
a sequential examination of the fundamental characteristics and social perception tests.
Furthermore, the ruling is also inconsistent with UNHCR’s specific guidelines for

85

Ibid., para. 45. The Court concluded that the existence of legislation in the country of origin
criminalizing gay persons substantiates that such individuals form a particular social group. This
conclusion was reached by holding that for a group to be considered as a particular social group both the
fundamental characteristic and the social perception test should be fulfilled. In relation to the other
questions the Court found that the existence of laws criminalising same-sex sexual orientation, despite
framing gay persons as a particular social group, does not in itself constitute an act of persecution, unless
it ensues punishment that constitutes persecution. The ruling also rejected the requirement that queer
persons should be returned to their country of origin and conceal their sexual orientation and live
‘discreetly. Ibid., paras. 45, 49, 79 (2) and (3).
86
Ferreira, (2018), p. 30.
87
See recast Qualification Directive, Recital paras. 3, 4, 22, 23 and 24.
88
UNHCR Statute, Chapter I (1) and par. 8 (a).
89
States-parties to the Refugee Convention have an explicit obligation to comply with the supervisory
functions of the UNHCR. States are not bound by UNHCR’s interpretation of the Refugee Convention,
albeit, given their treaty-based undertakings, they are expected to commit themselves with the agency’s
views. See in: Refugee Convention, Article 35 (1); Hathaway and Foster (2014), p. 10.
90
Recast Qualification Directive, Recital para. 4.

16

sexual orientation-based asylum claims, according to which, under either of the
approaches ‘there is broad acknowledgment that under a correct application of either of
these approaches, lesbians, gay men […] are members of “particular social groups”
within the meaning of the refugee definition.’91
In any event, the X, Y and Z ruling provided a strict interpretation of the norm,92 which
is inconsistent with the low standard of proof in refugee status determinations.93 An
application of Article 10 (1) (d) of the Qualification Directive as read in X, Y and Z,
authorises rejections of sexual orientation-based asylum claims on the basis that an
applicant is not perceived queer in their country of origin, despite their sexual
orientation being otherwise believed by the decision makers.94 Drawing from decisionmakers’ observations, the International Commission of Jurists has flagged that this
takes place ‘either because the group of LGBTI persons are not visible within a given
society or because the individuals themselves are not ‘out’ enough to be perceived as
part of that group by society.’95 On a positive note, Article 10 (2) provides a safety net
for a reverse reasoning as a basis for rejection,96 i.e. the characteristic being attributed
to the individual by society without the person actually possessing it.
On another note, the recast Qualification Directive among its few remarks on sexual
orientation, in Recital 30 includes a terminological conflation of sexual orientation with
gender.97 The wording of the Commission’s proposal of a replacing Regulation, simply
reiterates the same wording.98 In the stead of proposing a distinction thereof,99 the EU

91

[footnotes omitted] UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 46.
Ferreira (2018), p. 30.
93
To be discussed in the following subchapter. See: Kagan (2003), p. 282; Dustin (2018), p. 19.
94
Dustin (2018), p. 18.
95
[footnote omitted] ICJ (2016), p. 201.
96
Article 10 (2) of the recast Qualification Directive reads: ‘When assessing if an applicant has a wellfounded fear of being persecuted it is immaterial whether the applicant actually possesses the racial,
religious, national, social or political characteristic which attracts the persecution, provided that such a
characteristic is attributed to the applicant by the actor of persecution’.
97
Recital 30 of the Directive reads: ‘It is equally necessary to introduce a common concept of the
persecution ground ‘membership of a particular social group’. For the purposes of defining a particular
social group, issues arising from an applicant’s gender, including gender identity and sexual orientation,
which may be related to certain legal traditions and customs, resulting in for example genital mutilation,
forced sterilisation or forced abortion, should be given due consideration in so far as they are related to
the applicant’s well-founded fear of persecution.’ [emphasis added].
98
European Commission (2016), Recital 28.
99
As suggested by Ferreira (2018) who advocated for the exclusion of ‘including’, i.e., ‘issues arising
from an applicant’s gender, gender identity and sexual orientation’, thus enumerating sexual orientation
individually and not as part of gender issues.
92

17

Parliament has recommended an amendment with alternative wording,100 simply
reproducing the same wording and only included additional elements as aspects of
gender. Taken together, the current and proposed text of the EU norms channel a
minimal understanding with regard to sexual orientation as a persecution ground.
By the same token, the Commission’s proposal leaves the definition of the membership
of a particular social group almost intact.101 Nevertheless, the Draft European
Parliament Legislative Resolution has counter-proposed the substitution of the word
‘and’ with ‘or’.102 Specifically, the European Parliament has advocated for a
formulation of the two criteria rather on an alternative than on a cumulative basis. The
Parliament proposal, suggesting an alternative approach to the particular social group
test, has been welcomed by scholars.103 A potential intention of the EU Parliament to
resolve the issues rising in sexual orientation claims inclusion to membership in a
particular social group is also evidenced by its proposed Amendment of the definition
of refugee found in Article 2 (d) of the recast Qualification Directive. The proposed
Amendment has explicitly added sexual orientation in the enumeration of persecution
grounds.104

100

Reading: [emphasis on the amendment] ‘Issues arising from an applicant’s gender, including gender
identity, gender expression, sex characteristics and sexual orientation, and the fact of having been a
victim of trafficking for sexual exploitation’. European Parliament (2017), Amendment 24.
101
European Commission (2016), Article 10 (1) (d).
102
European Parliament (2017), Amendment 85.
103
Ferreira (2018), p. 39.
104
The proposed amendment reads: [emphasis on the addition] ‘Refugee’ means a third-country national
who, owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, political
opinion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or membership of a particular social
group’, Amendment 51.

18

2.2 Credibility Assessment
As positive the expansion of the refugee definition to cover sexual orientation as a
persecution ground may be, reliable credibility assessments are in the heart of an
appropriate application of the Refugee Convention.105 Credibility is a procedural stage
of the refugee status determination, albeit governed by the content of the applicable
refugee law framework. Credibility assessment refers to the examination of the
information gathered by the applicant against information available to the decision
maker and the determination of whether the applicant’s statements can be accepted or
not to substantiate the material elements of the claim.106 In any event, credibility is
defined ‘in terms of being believable rather than being believed’,107 a standard set by
the UNHCR just so.108 In other words, credibility assessment can be defined as the
determination on which statements and evidence submitted by the applicant are
accepted. Therefore, credibility is not a prerequisite of a successful asylum claim, but
merely determines whether a testimony will qualify as quantum of proof.109
Credibility is not an explicit requirement neither of the refugee definition nor of the
refugee status per se.110 Interestingly, neither the Refugee Convention, nor the Statute
of the UNHCR enclose the term credibility.111 By the same token, the term credibility
is not mentioned in the EU framework either. The recast Qualification Directive
foresees that the elements necessary for the substantiation of an application for
international protection ‘consist of the applicant’s statements and all the documentation
at the applicant’s disposal’.112 With the exception of the latter generic standards, clear
rules on credibility assessment are absent from the EU framework,113 including the New
Pact on Migration and Asylum.114 In absence of specific provisions, the position
generally accepted is that each Member State may determine procedural aspects of EU

105

Kagan (2003), p. 368.
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 27.
107
Kagan (2003), pp. 281-282.
108
UNHCR Note (1998), par. 11.
109
Kagan (2003), pp. 370-371. See also fn. 9
110
Hathaway and Hicks (2005), p. 533.
111
Kagan (2003), p. 368; UNHCR Handbook (2011), par. 197.
112
The provision continues: ‘regarding the applicant’s age, background, including that of relevant
relatives, identity, nationality(ies), country(ies) and place(s) of previous residence, previous asylum
applications, travel routes, travel documents and the reasons for applying for international protection.’
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (2).
113
Mrazova (2018), pp. 185-186.
114
New Pact on Migration and Asylum (2020).
106

19

law implementation within its own legal system.115 In other words, each Member State
may determine the rules and conditions governing the credibility assessment in refugee
status determinations on its own discretion.
The assessment of sexual orientation-based asylum claims in EU Member States has
been outlined in establishing the applicant’s sexual orientation,116 determine whether it
is criminalised or condemnable in the country of origin, and upon establishment of the
latter, decide whether the asylum seeker individualised the risk of harm upon return.117
2.2.1 Burden of proof
In refugee status determinations the burden of proof lays on the applicants and ‘the duty
to ascertain and evaluate all the relevant facts is shared between the applicant and the
examiner’.118 This is reflected also in Article 4 of the recast Qualification Directive,
according to which:
‘Member States may consider it the duty of the applicant to submit as soon as
possible all the elements needed to substantiate the application for international
protection. In cooperation with the applicant, it is the duty of the Member State
to assess the relevant elements of the application.’119

The wording indicates that the duty to provide evidence and submit documentary or
other evidence rests on each Member State’s discretion. The latter is also hinted at
paragraph 5 of this provision, which lays down the conditions to accept merely
applicants’ statements ‘[w]here Member States apply the principle according to which
it is the duty of the applicant to substantiate the application’.120 A literal reading of the
provision indicates that the duty of the applicant to substantiate their claim may be
given divergent weight - if any - from one Member State to another. Taken together,
each Member State has much leeway to adjust the evidentiary burden of asylum
seekers.

115

Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 50.
Depending on the eligibility of the statements to substantiate the sexual orientation and the existence
of any documentary evidence.
117
FRA (2017), p. 5.
118
UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 196.
119
[emphasis added] Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (1).
120
[emphasis added] Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (5).
116

20

Notably, the majority of EU countries have a civil law model in place,121 where decision
makers have a leading role in evidence gathering, as opposed to the adversarial system
of common law traditions, where decision makers are less engaged in fact-finding and
evidentiary matters.122 This means that in theory it is decision makers who have the
principal role to collect evidence. Notwithstanding the influence this could potentially
have toward the alleviation of asylum seekers from the burden of proof, UNHCR has
found that in the majority of EU countries it is solely the applicant that is burdened by
the requirement to substantiate the application.123
Taking into account the inquisitorial systems of EU countries and the discretionary
burden of proof stipulated by the recast Qualification Directive, it seems that Member
States have translated the margin the recast Qualification Directive has left to them to
a rather stringent fashion. The UNHCR interpretative guidance, envisaging that ‘in
some cases, it may be for the examiner to use all the means at his disposal to produce
the necessary evidence in support of the application’,124 appears disregarded.
On another note on the burden of proof, the content of the elements necessary to
substantiate an application for international protection is specified as ‘the applicant’s
statements and all the documentation at the applicant’s disposal’.125 Research suggests
that this requirement has been interpreted in a fashion that it entails more than
documentation that the applicants actually have in their possession.126 UNHCR
interpretative guidance on the other hand also holds that asylum seekers have to make
an effort to substantiate their statements with ‘available evidence’.127 The stipulation
of the recast Qualification Directive though is practically applied in terms of asylum
seekers being expected to ‘do everything in their power’ to gather evidence in support
of the application, in addition to submitting evidence in their possession.128 In the event

121

Countries with the civil law model embrace an inquisitorial system.
Dustin and Held (2018), p. 77; Ferreira (2018), p. 36.
123
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), pp. 86-87.
124
UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 196.
125
[emphasis added] and continues: ‘regarding the applicant’s age, background, including that of relevant
relatives, identity, nationality(ies), country(ies) and place(s) of previous residence, previous asylum
applications, travel routes, travel documents and the reasons for applying for international protection.’
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (2).
126
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 93.
127
[emphasis added] UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 205 (a) (II).
128
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 93.
122

21

an effort to the best of asylum seekers’

capacity to obtain evidence cannot be

demonstrated, this can prejudice the credibility of an asylum application.
The same provision stipulates that,129 in order for the statements to be considered in
absence of any evidence, ‘a satisfactory explanation has [to be] given regarding any
lack of other relevant elements’.130 Relevant research across EU countries has
nevertheless indicated that, despite asylum seekers rarely being asked to prove the
efforts they have made to substantiate their application, in the event they do submit
evidence for a certain aspect of the claim they are expected to corroborate further
aspects too.131
2.2.2 Evidentiary issues
In sexual orientation-based asylum claims, the establishment of the membership of a
particular social group is characterised by paucity of legal documentation.132 An
emphasis on the object and purpose of the Refugee Convention shall consider that the
potential beneficiaries of international protection are victims of flagrant human rights
violations, usually deprived of the documentation and evidence substantiating their
status.133 The first preambular paragraph of the Refugee Convention explicitly refers to
‘[t]he principle that all human beings should enjoy human rights without
discrimination’,134 which lays down that the instrument should be interpreted with a
view to safeguard human rights. In the context of credibility assessment, equal
enjoyment of human rights may take an equitable application of adjusting standards of
proof closer to the realities of the alleged victims of human rights violations, who are
asylum seekers fleeing persecution.135
UNHCR publications consider that documentary proof of the statements is not a
requisite for refugee claims to succeed and suggest that, in absence of corroborative
evidence, decision-makers shall rest their assessment on the testimony alone.136 Asylum

129

Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (2).
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (5) (b). See also in: UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 205
(a) (II).
131
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 93.
132
Wessels (2011), p. 28.
133
UNHCR Handbook (2011), par. 197.
134
Refugee Convention, 1st preambular paragraph.
135
Kagan (2003), p. 372.
136
UNHCR Guidelines (2002), para. 37; UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 66.; UNHCR Guidance
Note (2008), para. 35, UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 64.
130

22

seekers’ testimonies are considered central to the inquiry of asylum claims and suffice
for refugee status determinations even when evidentiary corroboration is not otherwise
available.137 Article 4 of the recast Qualification Directive also pays regard to the
potential lack of evidence in support of asylum seekers’ statements and implicitly
accepts asylum seekers’ stand-alone testimonies as long as the following specific
conditions are met:
(a) the applicant has made a genuine effort to substantiate his application;
(b) all relevant elements at the applicant’s disposal have been submitted, and a
satisfactory explanation has been given regarding any lack of other relevant
elements;
(c) the applicant’s statements are found to be coherent and plausible and do not run
counter to available specific and general information relevant to the applicant’s case;
(d) the applicant has applied for international protection at the earliest possible time,
unless the applicant can demonstrate good reason for not having done so; and
(e) the general credibility of the applicant has been established.’138

The provision does not further clarify what ‘general credibility’ means, but its wording
infers that refugee status determination largely depends on the applicant’s general
credibility.139 As mentioned earlier, credibility consists of the determination of which
elements can support the material facts of a claim, and thus the success or rejection of
an asylum application. In other words, credibility findings are the first step of decision
making in refugee status determination.140 In absence of any other corroborative
evidence, the statements of the applicant take over the major part in the assessment of
credibility. Therefore, whether the facts submitted by the applicant during the interview
are believable or not, becomes critical, particularly when other evidence is lacking.
Notably, the EU Parliament’s proposal on the amendment of the recast Qualification
Directive has excluded the requirement of paragraph (b) that the applicant should
provide explanation in absence of relevant elements submitted to support their
application.141

137

Hathaway and Hicks (2005), p. 560.
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4.
139
Mrazova (2018), pp. 187-188.
140
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 28.
141
Parliament (2017), Amendment 66. Though, the said wording was maintained in the Commission
(2016) recommendation.
138

23

Article 4 of the recast Qualification Directive lists the factors to be considered by the
Member States in the credibility assessment of asylum applicatons, namely:
‘(a) all relevant facts as they relate to the country of origin at the time of taking a
decision on the application, including laws and regulations of the country of origin
and the manner in which they are applied;
(b) the relevant statements and documentation presented by the applicant including
information on whether the applicant has been or may be subject to persecution or
serious harm;
(c) the individual position and personal circumstances of the applicant, including
factors such as background, gender and age, so as to assess whether, on the basis of
the applicant’s personal circumstances, the acts to which the applicant has been or
could be exposed would amount to persecution or serious harm;
(d) whether the applicant’s activities since leaving the country of origin were
engaged in for the sole or main purpose of creating the necessary conditions for
applying for international protection, so as to assess whether those activities would
expose the applicant to persecution or serious harm if returned to that country;
(e) whether the applicant could reasonably be expected to avail himself or herself of
the protection of another country where he or she could assert citizenship.’ 142

In the context of Member States’ duty to ensure that ‘applications are examined and
decisions are taken individually, objectively and impartially’,143 EU jurisdictions have
employed credibility indicators, in light of which, statements and evidence submitted
by asylum seekers are examined.144 UNHCR suggests the following credibility
indicators as guidance in which material facts should be accepted or not:
‘(i) sufficiency of detail and specificity;
(ii) internal consistency of the oral and/or written material facts asserted by the
applicant (including the applicant’s statements and any documentary or other
evidence submitted by the applicant);
(iii) consistency of the applicant’s statements with information provided by any
family members and/or other witnesses;
(iv) consistency of the applicant’s statements with available specific and general
information, including COI, relevant to the applicant’s case; and
(v) plausibility.’145

The credibility indicator of demeanour, employed by many States, has not been
included in UNHCR’s recommendation, since it is based on assumptions and is found
inherently flawed.146 These credibility indicators are further dissected in internal,
external and plausibility, with former three indicators comprising internal credibility.147
142

Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (3).
Asylum Procedures Directive, Article 10 (3) (a).
144
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 137.
145
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 191. The credibility indicator of demeanor, common in many States,
has been omitted, since it is based on assumptions and is found inherently flawed. See in pp. 185-190.
146
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), pp. 185-190.
147
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 191.
143

24

2.2.3 Alleviation form the duty to present evidence
The UNHCR Handbook, while allocating the onus of proof on the asylum seekers,
grants them the benefit of doubt and, depending on the circumstances, considers lack
of evidence not prejudicing an asylum claim if the general credibility is satisfactory.148
Nevertheless the Handbook requires ‘all available evidence [to have] been obtained and
checked and […] the examiner [to be] satisfied as to the applicant’s general
credibility’.149 This requirement corresponds to two of the five conditions set out by
Article 4 (5) of the recast Qualification Directive cited above, namely the submission
of evidence at the applicant’s disposal and the general credibility.150 All in all, the recast
Qualification Directive sets a higher threshold for the benefit of doubt.
The UNHCR Handbook finds testimonies, in particular, to qualify for the benefit of
doubt if asylum seekers’ statements are ‘coherent and plausible’.151 Nevertheless,
scholarship indicates that refugee status determination authorities have been more eager
to emphasise on coherency and plausibility, ignoring the main requisite of the benefit
of doubt.152 Hence, the limited guidance on the benefit of doubt in the context of
credibility assessment results in the principle being applied in cases decision makers
are already satisfied with the general credibility.153 The absence of specific guidance in
the recast Qualification Directive makes the general credibility to largely count for
credibility assessments.154 For this reason, the requirement that States shall ‘ensure that
the person who conducts the interview is competent to take account of the personal and
general circumstances surrounding the application, including the applicant’s […]
sexual orientation’ should be duly observed.155

148

UNHCR Handbook (2011), paras. 196-197 and paras. 203-204; UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), pp.
49-50.
149
UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 204.
150
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (5) (b) and (e).
151
UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 204.
152
Millbank (2009a), pp. 5-6.
153
Kagan (2003), p. 272.
154
Mrazova (2018), pp. 187-188.
155
Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, Article 15 (3) (a).

25

In its proposal for the Regulation to substitute the recast Qualification Directive, the
EU Parliament has made explicit the general legal principle of the benefit of doubt,156
specifying that it ‘reflects the recognition of the considerable difficulties that applicants
face in obtaining and providing evidence to support their claim’. 157 The latter has been
proposed as a freestanding input to be included in the Recital, which perhaps reflects
the significance attributed to highlighting applicants’ benefit of doubt where their
statements are not backed by evidence. The latter is further built on, in the proposed
Amendment to paragraph 5 of Article 4, where the benefit of doubt is made explicit in
light of lack of evidence to support applicants’ statements.158
Be it as it may, the benefit of doubt may serve as the yardstick in two areas in the
credibility assessment as Kagan has argued. The former is that negative credibility
findings should not inextricably lead to rejections of sexual orientation asylum claims,
founded on the mere suspicion that the declared sexual orientation is fraudulent. The
rationale behind the benefit of doubt rule is to protect honest applicants from
assessments, which are based on the generalised assumption that some claimants may
misrepresent their statements and unfairly challenge any asylum seeker’s claims.159 In
other words, the possibility that some applicants may claim asylum for a sexual
orientation which they do not have, should not prejudice the sexual orientation asylum
applications of any asylum seeker whose credibility is not established.
The latter point is that the refugee status determination should commence with the
rebuttable presumption of truthfulness of the applicants’ statements and declared sexual
orientation. Rejections based on doubts regarding the applicants’ statements place
asylum seekers outside the protection afforded by the letter and the spirit of the Refugee
Convention.160 Thus, unsubstantiated testimonies should be accepted as true if they

156

Berlit (2015) argues that the principle of the benefit of doubt differs from the duty to alleviate form
evidentiary submissions of Article 4 of the recast Qualification Directive, since the benefit of doubt is a
criminal law principle placing the duty to demonstrate that there is no residual doubt on the guilt of the
accused entirely on the state, while Article 4 (5) alleviates applicant form presenting evidence but does
not shift the burden of proof from the applicant to the state.
157
Parliament, Amendment 37.
158
The proposed text of Amendment 64 reads: [emphasis on the addition] ’Where aspects of the
applicant’s statements are not supported by documentary or other evidence, no additional evidence shall
be required in respect of those aspects and the applicant shall be granted the benefit of the doubt where
the following conditions are met […]’.
159
Kagan (2003), pp. 372-373.
160
Ibid., pp. 373-374.

26

meet the standard of consistency with the rest of the statements.161 Self-identification
is further discussed in the ensuing subchapter.
2.2.4 Self-identification
The updated version of the Yogyakarta principles highlights that decision making
authorities should ‘[a]ccept the self-identification of a person seeking asylum on the
basis of sexual orientation […] as the starting point for consideration of their asylum
claim’.162 UNHCR relevant publications have stressed that the applicants’ testimonies
are ‘the primary and often the only source of evidence’, and recommend that statements
and self-identification should be relied upon.163 In sum, UNHCR sees self-identification
in sexual orientation-based asylum claims as ‘an indication of the applicant’s sexual
orientation’, and any such declaration should be entitled to a presumption of veracity.164
In the 2014 ruling A, B and C the CJEU made clear that self-identification of same-sex
sexual orientation does not preclude decision makers from evaluating the credibility of
statements in sexual orientation-based asylum claims.165 The CJEU maintained that a
declared sexual orientation should not be considered an established fact and that it
merely constitutes the ‘starting point in the process of assessment of the facts and
circumstances’ relevant to their claim.166 The CJEU reiterated both positions in the later
F ruling, making concrete reference to the A, B and C.167 The dismissal of selfidentification as a determinative element as a determinative basis of sexual orientationbased asylum claims is not in itself inconsistent with the EU framework. Nevertheless,
the reduced weight given to self-identification is inconsistent with the interpretative
guidance mentioned above as well as of the practice certain Member-States have
adopted.168 Taken together, the CJEU has attributed limited significance to selfidentification as a statement to be considered in credibility assessment.

161
162

UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 197.
Yogyakarta Principles plus 10, Principle 23 (G).

163

UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 64; UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 35; UNHCR
Discussion Paper (2010), para. 32.
164
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 35; UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 63 (i); Wessels
(2011), p. 29.
165
A, B and C, para. 52.
166
A, B and C, para. 49; F, para. 28.
167
F, paras. 28-29.
168
Ferreira (2018), p. 30.

27

The above mentioned evidentiary complications in sexual orientation-based asylum
claims frequently render the applicants’ testimonies of self-identity the only element of
a sexual orientation-based claim to be weighed against available country of origin
information.169 Refugee law is exceptional in the sense that personal narratives are the
bases of claims and the underpinning of almost all evidence.170 Even though not
explicitly mentioned in the Refugee Convention or the Statute of the UNHCR, in many
cases credibility might be the unique determinant of success in the refugee status
determinations.171 Research has indicated that even when documentary evidence is
available, it is often perceived as self-serving or staged’.172
Disbelief in the membership of a particular social group, as opposed to other
persecution grounds, virtually always leads to rejection of a claim and has been
identified as a major reason for negative asylum determinations.173 Disregarding queer
asylum seekers’ self-identification translates to high possibility of negative decisions
in sexual orientation asylum claims. By the same token, absence of credibility regarding
the ‘well-founded fear of persecution’ in the country of origin equally threatens the
determination of asylum applications of lesbian and gay individuals. Research supports
that in the EU majority on negative asylum decisions is made on credibility grounds
and that the application of the criteria of the relevant EU Directive are absent from the
assessments.174 Remarkably, the credibility aspects of the decisions are the most
neglected in the review procedures, if recourse thereof is at all undertaken.175 Taken
together, rejections of sexual orientation-based asylum applications may be based on
cursory or insufficient credibility assessments, which are highly improbable to be
remedied in the second instance.

169

Wessels (2011), p. 31.
Millbank (2002), p. 154; Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 198.
171
Kagan (2003), p. 368; UNHCR Handbook (2011), par. 197.
172
Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 198.
173
Wessels (2011), p. 28-29; Millbank (2009a), p. 4. See also fn. 10.
174
UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), p. 29.
175
Ibid.; Millbank (2009a), p. 2.
170

28

3. CREDIBILITY ASSESSMENT PRACTICES
3.1 Testing and Experts’ Reports
3.1.1 ‘What medical evidence is there that your client is gay?’176
Decision makers have looked to establish the credibility of sexual orientation in refugee
status determinations through physical and mental assessments. Persons seeking a safe
haven in the EU have been subject to anal examinations, phallometry, as well as
assessments by sexologists, psychiatrists and psychologists. Such practices have been
identified in at least nine Member States, namely Austria, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic,
Germany, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and the UK.177 The practices aiming to
provide experts’ evidence for sexual orientation asylum claims discussed below will be
categorised to medical, including anal and phallometric tests,178 as well as
psychological assessments conducted by psychiatrists, psychologists and sexologists.
Anal examinations have been identified as a practice in the UK. In 1995 anal
examination requested from a Romanian gay man by the Home Office as a way of
proving his sexual orientation.179 The same year, an asylum seeker had to choose
between anal examination, as proposed by the Home Office to the Immigration Appeals
Tribunal revieing the case, and psychiatric evaluation to evidence his sexual
orientation.180 The application of anal tests has been very sparse in the refugee status
determination context and research indicates that they have been limited in the 90’s. It
is worth mentioning that in anal examinations the production of evidence on a person’s
sexual orientation lays on traces and hallmarks of rectal tissue surrounding the anus.
‘Penile phallometry’, also called ‘penile plethysmography’, and its equivalent test for
women, ‘vaginal photoplethysmography’, are methods to quantify sexual arousal by
measuring physiological responses to visual stimuli through attachment of electrodes
to the genitalia.’181 Clinical psychology explains phallometry as a ‘procedure for
176

Immigration Judge (2006), dealing with whether a gay Iranian asylum seeker could prove the role he
had undertaken in gay sex, cited in: O’Leary (2008), p. 89.
177
The former eight countries have been reported in: Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 49.
178
Phallometry even though is conducted by sexologists will be examined under medical component of
the present discussion, since despite its assessment by sexologists, psychiatrists or psychologists it
largely involves the physical sphere.
179
Appeal No. HX/70517/94 Special Adjudicator M.W. Rapinet, 28 April 1995, mentioned in LaViolette
(1996), p.13. See particularly fn. 5.
180
R. v. Secretary of State for the Home Department ex parte Vraciu (1995), Special Adjudicator’s report,
Appeal no. HX/70517/94, 28 April 1995, commented in McGhee (2000), pp. 37-42.
181

ORAM (2011), p.5.

29

determining the sexual preferences of males by measuring penile erection responses to
stimuli depicting various sexual behaviors with different partners […].’182 Phallometric
testing has been relied upon in the refugee status determination context to ascertain
applicants’ sexual orientation primarily by the Czech Republic for the period between
2008 to 2010,183 however the practice has also been reported for Slovakia in at least
two cases.184
Reportedly, phallometry was introduced in the refugee status determination by a legal
representative of an asylum seeker.185 The Czech Ministry of Interior has held that when
the applicants’ statements were inconsistent and challenged the credibility of their
sexual orientation,186 a complex ‘sexodiagnostic examination’ was requested,
comprising an interview with a professional sexologist and phallometric testing. 187 The
examination is subject to the applicant’s written consent, following relevant
information provided to them.188 The testing assesses the applicants’ physical reaction
to heterosexual, gay, lesbian, adolescent and child pornographic material,189 and if the
person shows no reaction to heterosexual representations, their alleged sexual
orientation is considered proven.190
Psychiatric assessments and psychological tests, such as exploratory examinations,
personality tests and projective tests have been used to establish applicants’ sexual
orientation through experts’ reports. The examinations are often limited to simple
discussions between the experts and the applicants.191 The assessments of the assigned
experts frequently employ the Rorschach psychological tests, which are considered
outdated and focus on the postures preferred by claimants.192 The practice was common
in Germany, where psychiatric reports served as a basis to rule out the discretion
reasoning due to the ‘irreversibility’ of the sexual orientation, often invoked with the
182

Marshall and Fernandez (2000), p. 807.
Śledzińska-Simon and Śmiszek (2013), p. 17.
184
Reference is made for one case in Slovakia in 2005 in Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011); another case is
referred to 2012 in Jansen (2014), p. 52. Mrazova (2018) and FRA (2010) hold that the Czech Republic
has been the only EU state having used phallometry, in p. 188 and p. 60 respectively.
185
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 52.
186
FRA (2010), p. 59.
187
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 52.
188
FRA (2010), p. 59.
189
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 52.
190
FRA (2010), p. 59.
191
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 50.
192
FRA (2017), p. 6.
183

30

applicant’s initiative and similar practices have been reported also for Austria and
Romania.193 In Hungary and Bulgaria the refugee status determination authorities
requested psychiatric or forensic expert opinions on claimants’ sexual orientation.
Hungarian asylum authorities have reportedly applied such examinations even in cases
when a claimant’s sexual orientation can be established factually (e.g. cohabitation with
partner) and only refrain from these practices in cases where the applicants conform
with stereotypical demeanor.194 In Poland claimants have been prompted by the
authorities to provide psychological or sexologist’s reports.195
With reference to the entire chapter 3, it is worth mentioning that two most common
obstacles that queer asylum seekers face and are not covered by the present
examination. Namely, negative decisions have repeatedly been reasoned on the grounds
of stereotypes or the point of disclosure of the sexual identity rather questionably. It
should be born in mind that both stereotypes and late disclosure may overlap with and
even exacerbate the credibility assessment practices under examination in this chapter.
Stereotypes are persistently reproduced in the assessment of sexual orientation-based
asylum claims and often result in disbelieving the claim as a whole.196 They have been
flagged in all stages of credibility assessment, and they constitute one of the bases of
intrusive questioning.197 Some common pre-conceptions of the queer social identity
involve assumed knowledge and behaviour, such as cultural tastes, previous
heterosexual relationships and parenthood, lifestyle, queer activism, demeanour,
appearance, genetics.198 Other stereotypical expectations echo assumptions, such as
gender non-conformity,199 promiscuity or linear identity development of queer asylum
seekers.200

193

E.g., VG Neustadt/Weinstraße, 8 September 2008, Case no 3 K 753/07. NW, commented in Wessels
(2017), pp. 366-367.
194
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 50; FRA (2010), pp. 58-59.
195
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 51.
196
UNHCR Discussion Paper (2010), par. 31; Briddock (2016), p. 151.
197
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 56.
198
See examples in: Briddock (2016), p. 139 and pp. 151-152; Wessels (2011), pp. 31-33; Jansen and
Spijkerboer (2011), pp. 57-61; Choi (2010), pp. 255-258; Millbank (2009a), pp. 6-11; Berg and Millbank
(2009), pp. 208-211.
199
Llewellyn (2017), pp. 3-4; Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 62.
200
Wessels (2011), p. 32, referring to: Berg and Millbank (2009), pp. 206-207.

31

By and large, stereotypes have repeatedly been invoked to establish or exclude the
veracity of applicants’ sexual orientation, reflecting homophobia, limited cultural
understanding or ignorance of sexuality-related issues, and being heavily influenced by
a western middle-class male experience and perspective.201 The requirements of an
individual, impartial and objective assessment as well as of the competency of the
interviewers are of particular relevance.202 In A, B and C the CJEU rejected stereotypes
as the only grounds on which the assessment of a claim can be founded, but worryingly
framed them as useful elements in the credibility assessment.203
Delay in applying for asylum or in disclosing the sexual orientation in a pending claim
is perceived as inconsistency and those claims have been confronted with suspicion.204
Persons in repressive societies have in their majority learned to experience their sexual
orientation in secrecy, isolation and potentially with internalised shame, which opens
the possibility that asylum seekers oppressed by persecution have not disclosed their
sexual identity until they apply from asylum.205 Some asylum seekers might be in the
process of ‘coming out’ or become aware that sexual orientation is a valid basis for an
asylum claim, only while their application is pending.

Depending on their past

experiences, others might be particularly reluctant to disclose their sexual orientation
to a state actor or hesitate due to the risk of it becoming known to their community.

Given the duty of applicants to disclose as soon as possible the elements of their
application, late disclosure can have a bearing on the standard of proof requested for an
asylum claim and to the consideration of the additional submissions.206 Whereas the
latter may be justified by procedural effectiveness,207 it should be juxtaposed to the
stipulation that applicants on the basis of their sexual orientation are entitled to
procedural guarantees.208 The A, B and C ruling held that late disclosure cannot be the
sole reason for rejecting an applicant’s credibility.209

201

Millbank (2009b), p. 400; Dustin and Held (2018), p. 80.
Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, Articles 10 (3) (a) and 15 (3) (a).
203
A, B and C, paras. 59-63.
204
Millbank (2009a), p. 13-16; Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 67.
205
Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 198.
206
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (1) and (5) (d); Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, Article
40 (4).
207
Ferreira (2018), pp. 37-38.
208
Recast Asylum Procedure Directive, Recital 29 and Article 24 (3). See relevantly: Berlit (2015).
209
A, B and C, paras. 69-71.
202

32

3.1.2 Framework
The prohibition of degrading treatment is well-established internationally and
applicable to all EU Member States,210 which are under the obligation to prevent
‘degrading treatment […], when such acts are committed by or at the instigation of […]
a public official or other person acting in an official capacity.’211 The EU Charter
explicitly enshrines the respect for human dignity, which is implicitly guaranteed in the
prohibition of degrading treatment of the ECHR.212 The obligation of States to protect
from ‘unlawful interference’ with one’s privacy binds all EU countries,213 where
‘[e]veryone has the right to respect for his or her private and family life’.214 According
to the Asylum Procedures Directive, medical examinations can be conducted in refugee
status determination only with the aim to ‘indicate past persecution or serious harm’.215
The exclusive wording of the provision rules out alternative purposes of medical
examinations, such as the establishment of a person’s sexual orientation.

The Yogyakarta principles, a set of international legal principles dealing with human
rights violations on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity, have emphasised
States’ obligations in relation to protection from medical abuses and the right to bodily
and mental integrity. The Principles specifically foresee that ‘[n]o person may be forced
to undergo any form of medical or psychological treatment, procedure, testing […]
based on sexual orientation or gender identity’ and that States shall ensure ‘that any
medical or psychological treatment or counselling does not, explicitly or implicitly,
treat sexual orientation and gender identity as medical conditions to be treated, cured
or suppressed.’216
The updated version of the principles acknowledges that ‘[e]veryone has the right to
bodily and mental integrity, autonomy and self-determination irrespective of sexual

210

ICCPR, Article 7.
CAT, art. 16.
212
EU Charter, Article 1 (human dignity), Article 3 (physical and mental integrity, with regard to free
and informed consent in par. 2) and Article 4 (prohibition of degrading treatment); ECHR, Article 3.
213
ICCPR, art. 17.
214
EU Charter, Article 7; Almost identical wording in ECHR, Article 8.
215
Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, Article 18 (1).
216
Yogyakarta Principles, Principle 18 (a).
211

33

orientation […]’ as well as ‘the right to be free from torture and cruel, inhuman and
degrading treatment or punishment on the basis of sexual orientation’. The principle
particularly prohibits ‘inappropriate, invasive, unnecessary or coercive medical or
psychological testing or evidence [from being] utilised to assess a person’s selfdeclared sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression or sex characteristics
when seeking asylum’.217 The same Principle moreover prohibits ‘anal and genital
examinations in legal and administrative proceedings and criminal prosecutions unless
required by law, as relevant, reasonable, and necessary for a legitimate purpose.’218
Free and informed consent of the person concerned in the fields of medicine is a
particular aspect of the right to the integrity of the person.219 With regard to any
intervention in the health field the Council of Europe Convention on Human Rights and
Biomedicine, signed and ratified by a majority of EU countries, 220 stipulates that the
person concerned must have provided their free and informed consent, which they may
freely withdraw at any time.221 The issue of informed consent, which is regulated
domestically in varying degrees,222 has been overlooked in the Directive 2011/24/EU
on patients’ rights in cross-border healthcare.223

3.1.3 Previous Jurisprudence and Developments
Until September 2009 the utilisation of phallometry in refugee status determinations
fell beyond judicial scrutiny. On 9 September 2009 the German Administrative Court
in Schleswig Holstein flagged the practice,224 granting an interim measure and ordering
the stay of transfer under Dublin II Regulation for an Iranian gay man, in order for him
not to be subject to phallometry in the examination of his asylum claim upon his return
to the Czech Republic.225

217

Yogyakarta Principles plus 10, Principle 23 (L).
Ibid, principle 32 (G).
219
EU Charter, Article 3.
220
Out of twenty-seven EU-Member States the ten countries not having signed and/or ratified the
Convention include Austria, Belgium, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands,
Poland and Sweden.
221
Convention on Biology and Biomedicine, Article 5.
222
FRA (2020), p. 54
223
Patients’ rights in cross-border healthcare Directive. See in: European Commission Patients’ Rights
Report (2016), p. 27.
224
Schleswig-Holsteinisches Verwaltungsgericht, Az.: 6 B 32/09, 7 September 2009.
225
Council Regulation No. 343/2003.
218

34

The German Court found the potential refusal of an applicant to be subject to
phallometry possibly leading to the termination of the entire asylum proceedings, to
hinder the applicant’s access to the asylum procedure. Moreover, the said court stressed
that the absence of details regarding the manner in which such test demonstrates the
sexual orientation of the applicant questionable.

In this decision, the German

Administrative Court challenged the reliability as well as the conformity with human
rights of the phallometric test applied in the Czech Republic and considered it impeding
the individual’s access to the asylum system. Taking into account the role of
phallometry as a means to establish an applicant’s sexual orientation in the asylum
proceedings and the possible rejection of the claim upon an applicant’s denial to be
subject to the said practice, the German Administrative Court pronounced that ‘the
compliance with human rights appears at least very doubtful’. Phallometry had already
been rejected by the United States and Canadian jurisdictions as non-credible evidence
in the 90’s, on the basis of lacking scientific soundness and reliability.226

Following, in 2010 the European Commission addressed a letter to the Czech
authorities finding phallometry ‘a strong interference with the person's private sphere
and sense of dignity’ and expressing their concerns for its compliance with the
prohibition of torture and inhuman or degrading treatment and respect for private and
family life.227 Following, ORAM published a study condemning the use of phallometry
in asylum proceedings and finding the practice breaching the prohibition of degrading
treatment and the right to private life among other rights.228 In 2011 the UNHCR
expressed their concerns over the use of phallometry in refugee status determination
procedures and the compatibility with the right to private life and the prohibition of
degrading treatment.229

226

E.g.: United States. v. Powers, 59 F.3d 1460, 1471 (4th Cir. 1995); Children’s Aid Society of the
Region of Peel v. S.R.-T, [2003] OJ No 6141 (Can.). Both cases contrasted its possible utility for treatment
with the unreliability for diagnosis or proof of culpability. See in: ORAM (2011), fn. 20 and pp. 6-7.
227
European Commission (2011).
228
ORAM (2011).
229
See: UNHCR Comments on Phallometry (2011).

35

Nonetheless, it was not until 2014 when the CJEU ruled on the issue of tests in the A,
B and C case. Answering whether there are limits to credibility assessment methods of
sexual orientation, in order for them to be in line with human rights standards, the CJEU
rejected the asylum authorities’ discretion to allow the applicant to submit to ‘tests’
with a view to establishing their homosexuality.230 The CJEU explicitly ruled out the
utilisation of such tests by national authorities, even with the applicants’ initiative, as
non-reliable and found them to infringe human dignity.231
In her opinion on the case, Advocate General Sharpston acknowledged that practices
seeking to determine definitively a person’s sexual orientation should be excluded from
credibility assessment.232 The Advocate General also found phallometry to fail the
proportionality requirement due to its unsuitability for the objective of establishing a
person’s sexual orientation,233 concurring with concerns expressed earlier by the
European Commission regarding the intrusive nature of phallometry and the principle
of proportionality.234
In Germany a 2008 decision rejected psychiatric reports as evidence for the
establishment of an applicant’s sexual orientation.235 Following the A, B and C ruling,
the Hungarian Administrative and Labour Court requested a preliminary ruling
regarding expert reports’ eligibility, in absence of medical tests and sexually explicit
documentation. The 2018 F case originated from a negative decision on a sexual
orientation-based asylum application.236 The applicant had consented to undergo
psychological tests to verify his sexual orientation and was rejected on the basis that his
claimed sexual orientation was not credible according to a psychologist’s report.237 The
referring court inquired over whether forensic psychologists’ expert opinions based on
projective personality tests are eligible as evidence to establish the sexual orientation
of asylum seekers, as well as, in the event the latter type of evidence is rejected, whether

230

A, B and C, para. 59.
A, B and C, para. 73.
232
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 69.
233
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 61.
234
European Commission (2011).
235
VG Chemnitz, 11 July 2008, Case no A 2 K 304/06, commented in Wessels (2017), fn 107.
236
F, para. 24.
237
F, para. 22: ‘That expert’s report entailed an exploratory examination, an examination of personality
and several personality tests, namely the Draw-A-Person-In-The-Rain test and the Rorschach and Szondi
tests’.
231

36

experts’ opinions are entirely precluded from the assessment of the veracity of a stated
sexual orientation.238
Despite maintaining that experts’ reports are not in principle excluded from credibility
assessment, the CJEU found respect to human dignity and to the right to private life to
set the limits in the use of certain credibility assessment practices.239 The CJEU found
experts’ reports eligible for assessing the credibility of sexual orientation, as long as
they respect the applicants’ fundamental rights and decision making authorities do not
base their decisions primarily on these reports and, even more so are bound by them.240
The CJEU, endorsing the opportunity for experts’ reports to be ordered by Member
States in the context of refugee status determinations, rejected the order of psychologist
experts’ report as a means to establish asylum seekers sexual orientation.241 The F
ruling condemned more dynamically the employment of tests and experts’ reports in
sexual orientation-based asylum claims than the Advocate General Wahl’s opinion on
the case.242 While the Advocate General ruled out the adequacy of such tests for
determining sexual orientation,243 he nevertheless provided a set of conditions under
which such tests can be authorised,244 thus accepting them in effect.245
Medical tests and examinations will be discussed both in relation to the prohibition of
degrading treatment and the right to private life. The reason that medical tests and
examinations are the only credibility assessment practice examined under ECHR
Article 3 in this thesis, is that they better accommodate the threshold of severity
required to be considered under ECHR Article 3. In many cases psychiatric and
psychological assessments may also breach ECHR Article 3 but reaching Article 3
required level of severity is case-dependent. For this reason, psychiatric and
psychological assessments will be considered only in the private life analysis.

238

F, para. 26.
EU Charter, Article 1 and 7; F, paras. 34-35.
240
F paras. 42 and 46.
241
F, para. 72 (1) and (2).
242
Ferreira and Venturi (2018).
243
Opinion of Advocate general Walh, para. 36.
244
The conditions Advocate General Walh laid down were the applicant’s informed consent, the
scientific value of the methods employed and the freedom of courts to depart form the experts’ opinions
in relation to the right to an effective remedy (paras. 39-46, 47-49 and 50-55 respectively).
245
Ferreira and Venturi (2017); Ferreira (2018), pp. 31-32.
239

37

3.1.4 Medical tests and the prohibition of degrading treatment
The premise for reflecting Article 1 of the EU Charter on human dignity on Article 3
of the ECHR on the prohibition of ill-treatment is the interpretative framework
developed by the ECtHR in respect of the different forms of treatment prohibited by
Article 3. Depending on the circumstances, interferences with human dignity have been
found to amount to degrading treatment.246 The ECtHR has recognised that ‘the very
essence of the Convention is respect for human dignity and human freedom’,247 and
that ‘[t]he notion of personal autonomy is an important principle underlying the
interpretation of [Convention] guarantees’.248
In Toomey v. the UK ECtHR found phallometry to raise questions under the prohibition
of ill-treatment, since the practice is not a measure of therapeutic necessity.249 Detecting
sexual arousal for the determination of a person’s eligibility for corrective treatment in
the context of incarceration raised complex issues of fact and law in relation to the
prohibition of degrading treatment.250 Even though asylum proceedings per se do not
deprive individuals of their liberty, they still exert severe strain to the subjects
undergoing the procedure.251 This ruling, involving the determination of a person’s
eligibility for corrective treatment, did not find a violation of the prohibition.
Nevertheless, the ECtHR argued against a violation within the factual context of
incarceration, a situation where dignity is compromised by default, unlike refugee status
determinations, where the framework is principled by human rights.252 In any event,
clinical psychology has found phallometric testing to sexual offenders adequate to
rather inform their disposition, than determine their actual deeds.253 Comparing
disposition to corrective treatment to the establishment of sexual orientation, strongly
suggests that the use of phallometric tests in refugee status determinations constitutes a
breach of the prohibition of degrading treatment.

246

Moldovan and others v. Romania (no. 2), nos. 41138/98 and 64320/01, 12 July 2005, ECHR 2005VII (extracts), para. 113.
247
Pretty v. the UK, para. 65.
248
Goodwin v. the UK, para. 90 and I v. the UK, para. 70.
249
Toomey v. United Kingdom, 1999, under “THE LAW”; See also comment in Jansen and Spijkerboer
(2011), p. 50.
250
Toomey v. United Kingdom (1998), under “THE LAW”, para. 2.
251
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 49.
252
‘The principle that human beings enjoy fundamental rights and freedoms without discrimination' is
articulated in the Refugee Convention, 1st preambular paragraph.
253
Lalumiere and Harris (1996), p. 228.

38

The conduct of medical examinations involves exposure of innermost sexual feelings
on the one hand and denudation of intimate bodily parts on the other. These conditions,
coupled with the intrusiveness of such examinations, may give rise to feelings of shame,
distress and suffering. Considerable mental suffering has been found to diminish human
dignity and to arise feelings of humiliation and debasement.

254

The latter feelings are

reasonably exacerbated for persons typically nurtured within cultures with constrained
norms or having suffered previous abuse due to their sexual orientation, which is the
case for a majority of queer asylum seekers. The pornographic scenes comprising the
visual stimuli of phallometry, depending on the circumstances, may exacerbate the
negative feelings experienced. A pertinent issue falling outside the scope of the present
discussion, is the right to not be exposed to pornographic and appalling material.255
Hence, even though no explicit intention of humiliation is traced on behalf of the
authorities, it is the mere examination process which entails the element of humiliation
and debasement.
Despite medical examinations and phallometric testing being only a part of the
assessment, they bore a decisive weight in the establishment of the credibility of an
applicant’s sexual orientation.256 The dependence of the determination on the asylum
application upon the individual’s ‘performance’ during the examination is likely to
trigger fear, pressure and anxiety.257 Treatment has been considered as degrading ‘when
it was such as to arouse in its victims feelings of fear, anguish and inferiority capable
of humiliating and debasing them and possibly breaking their physical or moral
resistance.’258 The public or private character of such tests is irrelevant, since it may
suffice for a victim to feel humiliated in their own eyes.259
If a person passes the test by demonstrating the desirable reactions, their alleged sexual
orientation is considered proven. Conversely, a refusal to undergo the test is presumed
as indication of non-credible sexual orientation. In this context, it is hard to sustain that
consent is given freely since absence thereof implies refusal of international protection
and possible exposure to the country-of-origin persecution. The case of one of the
254

Moldovan and others v. Romania, para. 110.
Johnson (2014), pp. 331-332.
256
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 52.
257
See the report of ORAM (2011).
258
Jalloh v. Germany (2006), par. 68.
259
Tyrer v. the United Kingdom, para. 32.
255

39

applicants in the landmark ruling A, B and C is indicative; upon the rejection of his
initial asylum claim he lodged a second application, stating that he was prepared to even
take part in a ‘test’ that would prove his homosexuality.260 Depending on the
circumstances, treatment capable of driving an individual to act against their will or
conscience can give rise to a breach of the prohibition of degrading treatment.261 Given
that phallometry is not a medical intervention of therapeutic necessity coupled with the
non-recognition of sexual orientation as a medical, psychiatric and psychological issue
renders this kind of consent highly disputable.

The absolute prohibition of degrading treatment attributes a special weight to any
conduct giving rise to a potential violation, the assessment of which shall take into
account the individual circumstances as a whole. Phallometry and medical tests give
rise to feelings of shame, distress and suffering as well as fear, pressure and anxiety.
Such feelings may qualify as humiliation and debasement, despite the absence of
inflicted pain. The present finds the mental and emotional onus induced by phallometry
and other medical tests to reach a level of severity qualifying as degrading treatment
pursuant to human rights standards.
3.1.5 Medical tests, psychiatrist and psychologist experts’ reports and the right to
private life
ECtHR has interpreted the right to privacy to cover a person’s physical and
psychological integrity.262 The choice to disclose or not information regarding a
person’s sexual orientation as well as decisions and choices regarding one’s own body
have also been read to constitute private life.263 Medical tests and psychological
examinations extend to both the physical and mental spheres, touching upon the very
personal experience of the self and, thus, interfering with privacy.
In the context of collecting evidence in criminal proceedings, the taking of a blood and
saliva sample against a suspect’s will constitutes a compulsory medical procedure
which, even of minor importance, is consequently considered as an interference with
260

A, B, C (2014), para. 24.
Keenan v. the UK (2001), para. 110. See also: Jacobs, White and Ovey (2014), pp. 175-176.
262
For instance, see the bioethics issue of informed consent, which has been found to interfere both with
private life and with degrading treatment, in: Jacobs, White and Ovey (2014), p. 366.
263
Yogyakarta Principles, Principle 6.
261

40

his private life protected by Article 8 of ECHR.264 In any case, recourse to such a
procedure is not a priori prohibited in order to obtain evidence in relation to a criminal
offence.265 Nevertheless, compulsory medical interventions, even of minor importance
have been found to breach the right to private life.266 Ordering a psychiatric report in
the context of criminal proceedings, ‘the State authorities are required to make sure
such a measure does not upset the fair balance that should be maintained between the
rights of the individual, in particular the right to respect for private life and the concern
to ensure the proper administration of justice.’267 Despite the different context, a similar
balance should be sought in ordering psychiatric assessments in the context of refugee
status determinations too.
The reliance of authorities on these tests and examinations for the outcome of an asylum
application, suggests that a denial on behalf of applicants to undergo these tests will
impact decision makers’ view on whether the applicant has sufficiently substantiated
their application.268 Even authorising or accepting such tests would prompt other
applicants to provide them too, thus rendering this type of evidence to a de facto
requirement.269 Hence, taking into account the imperative of such test to positively
influence the refugee status determination, informed consent is highly contested, even
if granted.270 Given the circumstances in which asylum seekers find themselves, any
claimed consent is not immune from at least implicit coercion and cannot be held to be
given with the free will of the individual,271 thus rendering it void.
Among other requirements, psycho-medical assessments shall qualify as ‘necessary in
a democratic society’ for the interference to be compatible with the right to private
life.272 In examining the latter in the context of sexual orientation asylum claims, the
questions to answer are whether the reasons justifying the measures of medical and
psychiatric examinations for the credibility assessment of asylum claims are relevant

264

Jalloh v. Germany, para. 70.
Ibid.
266
YF v. Turkey (2003), para. 33.
267
Worwa v. Poland, para. 82.
268
F, para. 52
269
A, B, C, para. 66.
270
See for instance the example of a lesbian asked by the Home Office “whether she is prepared to take
a DNA test to prove she is a lesbian” mentioned, in: Briddock (2016), p. 152.
271
UNHCR Oral Submissions CJEU (2014), para. 19; F, para. 52.
272
ECHR, Article 8 (2).
265

41

and sufficient as well as whether these practices are proportionate to the legitimate aim
of duly examining asylum applications.273
With regard to the former question, the reasons justifying the measures of medical and
psychiatric examinations for the credibility assessment of asylum claims have to be
both relevant to and sufficient for the pressing social need of fair examinations of
asylum applications. As for the relevance of such practices with the need of establishing
an applicant’s credibility, it is underscored that sexual orientation does not constitute a
medical, psychiatric or psychological condition.274 Treating sexual orientation as a
medical condition is a remnant of the medicalisation and psychiatrisation of same-sex
affection.275 Such approach is inconsistent with the official depsychiatrisation of
‘homosexuality’ by WHO in 1990,276 when it was excluded as a medical category in
the ICD-10,277 as well as, with the absence of empirical evidence sustaining the
pathologising and medicalisation of same-sex sexual orientation.278 Furthermore, there
is neither consensus in the scientific community on which factors shape a person’s
sexual orientation, nor evidence of a reliable method to verify it.279 In other words, there
is no acceptable medical or psychological methodology for establishing a person’s
sexual orientation.280 Therefore, medical and psychiatric examinations are not relevant
with establishing a condition which is neither medical nor psychiatric.
By the same token, scholarship purports paucity of studies on the reliability of
phallometry, despite its widespread use to sex offenders for decades.281 Phallometric
assessments of sex offenders continue, even though, due to the inherent issues of the
practice, scientific interest is declining.282 Similarly, the limited scope of anal
273

Z v. Finland, para. 94
Yogyakarta Principles, Principle 18; Wessels (2011), p. 31; A, B and C v Staatssecretaris van
Veiligheid en Justitie (2014), para. 61.
275
Foucault (1978), pp 38-43 and 100-102.
276
The depsychiatrisation of homosexuality only affirms the broad acknowledgment, at least within the
EU countries, that same-sex attraction is not a pathogeny. This remark aims to underscore the broader
acceptance of sexual orientation not being regarded a pathogeny and does not embrace the opinion that
gender identity issues included in the 11th version of ICD, such as ‘Gender incongruence of adolescence
or adulthood’ should be considered therein. See: WHO (2018).
277
See: WHO (2014), pp. 672-673, mentioning that “[s]exual orientation alone is not to be regarded as a
disorder” in “Table 1.”, fn. a.
278
WHO (2014), p. 672.
279
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 60; LaViolette (1997), p. 36.
280
HuHeCo (2015), p. 72.
281
Marshall and Fernandez (2000), p. 808 and pp. 812-813.
282
Among the issues challenging the scientific value of phallometry absence of standardisation of various
aspects, inconsistent interpretation of arousal and threshold to compare the results, subjects found to
274

42

examinations as well as their questionable findings, render forced anal examinations
bereft of scientific and medical value.283 Similarly, exploratory and personality
examinations, as well as personality tests,284 are also scientifically contested and no
valid link has been shown between the outcome of such tests and the establishment of
sexual orientation. On this basis, it is rather questionable whether the unclear
conclusions of these practice can serve the interests of justice in asylum or further
judicial proceedings. Moreover, anal examinations reduce gay sexual orientation to the
single sexual act of sodomy and takes for granted that the individual will enjoy the
sexual conduct of intercourse, and if so, only ‘passively’.285 Accordingly, it cannot be
sustained that medical examinations are a sufficient means to verify a person’s sexual
orientation.
Examining whether these tests are necessary in a democratic society as required by the
ECtHR analysis, the latter question to answer is whether psycho-medical examinations
are proportionate to the legitimate aim of establishing credibility in a fair asylum
system. ‘Necessary’ has been interpreted to imply the existence of a pressing social
need, which should be addressed by the State with measures interfering proportionately
with individuals’ right to privacy.286 The existence of evidence outside the applicants’
statements is not an essential requisite for the procedural stage of credibility,287 thus
psyco-medical examinations are not a necessary means to achieve the aim of
establishing the credibility of an applicant. Any interference with the individuals’
privacy has to be proportionate with the legitimate aim of pursuing fair asylum
proceedings. Irrespective of the legal basis of the credibility assessment practices under
consideration, in order for the interference with the right to private life to qualify as
necessary in a democratic society it has to be proportionate with the legitimate aim
pursued.288

inhibit or generate arousal upon preference of the stimuli, as well as absence of an agreed threshold of
the results, to which experts may have recourse to. See in: Marshall (2014), p. 427; Marshall and
Fernandez (2000), pp. 810-811; Marshall (2000), p. 428.
283
IFEG (2016), pp. 86-91.
284
Such as the ‘Draw-A-Person-In-The-Rain’ test, and the Rorschach and Szondi tests employed by the
Hungarian authorities. See in: F, para. 22.
285
See eloquently elaborated in McGhee (2000), fn. 8.
286
Dudgeon v. the United Kingdom, paras. 51-53
287
UNHCR Handbook (2011), para. 196; UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 64; UNHCR Beyond
Proof (2013), pp. 32-33.
288
Mozer v. the Republic of Moldova and Russia, paras. 194-196

43

Sexual orientation being ‘a most intimate part of an individual’s private life’,
interferences thereof may be justified by ‘particularly serious reasons’.289 Taking into
account the intrusive nature of such tests, it is held that the exposure of the applicant’s
privacy overrides the public interests, which can be served by less intrusive means.
Particularly, there are alternative means of establishing an applicant’s credibility of less
intrusive nature,290 such as their self-identification and statements in the asylum
interview. Another less intrusive means of assessing the credibility of sexual of a sexual
orientation asylum claim may comprise an expert’s report on queer persons’ situation
in the country of origin.291 Thus, intrusive tests are rendered disproportionate to the aim
of establishing an applicant’s credibility. Consequently, psycho-medical tests are not
found to be in line with the proportionality requirement.
Taken together, phallometry, medical, psychological and psychiatric examinations
interfere unduly with the physical and mental integrity of asylum seekers and such
interference is not justified by particularly serious reasons as it should, since it involves
sexual orientation. The use of psycho-medical examinations to establish asylum
seekers’ sexual orientation remains unjustified; the means are neither relevant to the
social need of a fair asylum system because sexual orientation is not a medical
condition, nor sufficient for the establishment of a person’s sexual orientation since
they lack scientific soundness and reliability. Moreover, such practices are not
proportionate with the legitimate aim of establishing the credibility of an applicant, due
to its intrusiveness comparing to other means available to this end.
3.1.6 Recent jurisprudence and developments
Following the explicit rejection of medical tests assessing sexual orientation by the
CJEU a case of an asylum seeker who underwent phallometry to establish his sexual
orientation was detected in the Czech Republic more than a year after the A, B and C
ruling.292 In this case the second instance court used phallometry to verify the
applicant’s declared sexual orientation, on which basis it rejected his asylum
application without examining other evidence.
289

293

Only under the Supreme

Smith and Grady v. the United Kingdom, para. 89; Dudgeon v. the United Kingdom, para. 52.
Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (5) (a)-(e).
291
F, paras. 37-38.
292
N.E.E. v. Ministerstvo vnitra.
293
Mrazova (2018), p. 191.
290

44

Administrative Court’s scrutiny, the binding CJEU jurisprudence rejecting such tests
was asserted, thus annulling the second instance court’s judgement and ordering new
proceedings.294

Anal tests and any other kind of medical assessment aiming to establish the sexual
orientation of applicants in the refugee status determination fall within the discussions
above. Forcibly or otherwise conducted anal tests aiming to establish male individuals’
same-sex orientation in the context of criminal proceedings or incarceration have also
been found to contravene the prohibition of torture and other inhumane or degrading
treatment as well as the right to private life.295 Their application to LGBTI individuals
has also been condemned by the Special Rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman
or degrading treatment or punishment.296
Research indicates that for the period between A, B and C and F rulings the use of
psychiatrist and psychologists’ expert reports was still widespread. Despite the use of
psychiatric reports having relatively declined after their exclusion by CJEU in 2014,
research indicates that the practice was still employed thereafter.297 As of 2016, the
tools most Members States had been utilising comprise Directives, guidelines and
models devised by the Refugee Convention, the UNHCR, the EU and international and
national experts. Aside from these tools and practices, Hungarian authorities affirmed
the possibility of requesting a medical or psychologist expert opinion.298 The practice
of assigning psychiatrists and medical doctors to assess asylum seekers’ sexual
orientation was further confirmed by Hungarian civil society organisations.299

294

Ibid.
IFEG (2016), pp. 86-91.
296
HRC Report (2013), par. 79.
297
See: Berlit (2015), p. 665, mentioning German Administrative Court of Bayreuth, Judgment of 9
February 2015 - B 3 K 13.30328.
298
EMN (2016), p. 3.
299
FRA (2017), p. 6.
295

45

3.2 Sexually Explicit Documentation
3.2.1 ‘What can the asylum seeker do – is it possible to ‘prove’ sexual identity?’300
Sexual orientation credibility assessments have also brought footage, photographs,
testimonies of family and partners, certificates of NGO membership or even copies of
online dating profiles in the arena of refugee status determination. Reportedly, in some
Member States sexually explicit documentation was requested in order to establish an
applicant’s sexual orientation. In 2014 the A, B and C landmark judgement the CJEU
ruled out the use of sexually explicit material as infringing human dignity. Prompted
by the tension between such practices and private life, as pinpointed by jurists and
organisations, this subchapter will examine sexually explicit submissions in relation to
Article 8 of ECHR. It will moreover look into the blanket ban of sexually explicit
evidence pronounced in A, B and C and will discuss the absence of positive guidelines
regarding documentary evidence in light of latest trends in evidentiary submissions.
The Asylum Procedures Directive foresees an individual, impartial and objective
credibility assessment.301 To the end of achieving such assessment, the absence of other
credibility findings necessitates documentary or witness evidence support.302
Nevertheless, such requirements have to be considered hand in hand with the nonobligatory nature of documentary or other evidence under certain conditions when it is
not possible for the applicant to substantiate their statements, as set out in the recast
Qualification Directive.303 The ECtHR in holding that in the asylum context credibility
assessment should rely on the applicants’ oral and documentary submissions, has
asserted that statements should be questioned in light of inconsistencies arising and that,

300

O’Leary (2008), p. 89.
‘Member States shall ensure that decisions by the determining authority on applications for
international protection are taken after an appropriate examination. To that end, Member States shall
ensure that […] applications are examined, and decisions are taken individually, objectively and
impartially’. Recast Asylum Procedures Directive, Article 10 (3) (a).
302
‘Member States shall also ensure that, where an application is rejected with regard to refugee status
and/or subsidiary protection status, the reasons in fact and in law are stated in the decision and
information on how to challenge a negative decision is given in writing.’ Ibid., Article 11 (2); UNHCR
Beyond Proof (2013), p. 41.
303
The conditions are: the applicant has made a genuine effort to substantiate his application; all relevant
elements at the applicant’s disposal have been submitted, and a satisfactory explanation has been given
regarding any lack of other relevant elements; the applicant’s statements are found to be coherent and
plausible and do not run counter to available specific and general information relevant to the applicant’s
case; the applicant has applied for international protection at the earliest possible time, unless the
applicant can demonstrate good reason for not having done so; and the general credibility of the applicant
has been established. Recast Qualification Directive, Article 4 (5) (a)-(e).
301

46

even in these instances, asylum seekers should be given the benefit of doubt as well as
the opportunity to provide a satisfactory explanation.304
UNHCR interpretative guidance further elucidates these rules and provides more
specific advice. As mentioned earlier under 2.2.3, the UNHCR Handbook allocates the
onus of proof on the asylum seekers, but provides them with the benefit of doubt and
allows for the lack of evidence in cases the circumstances call for such an approach, as
the majority of asylum claims calls, and the general credibility is satisfactory.305
Moreover, the applicants’ testimonies are considered ‘the primary and often the only
source of evidence’,306 pointing reliance on the statements and self-identification.307 In
sum, documentary proof of the statements is not a requisite for a refugee claim to
succeed and in lack of corroborative evidence decision-makers shall rest the assessment
on the testimony alone.308
With particular regard to evidence related with asylum seekers’ sexual orientation,
UNHCR has articulated that while some applicants will be able to provide proof of their
LGBT status, for instance through witness statements, photographs or other
documentary evidence, documenting activities in the country of origin indicating their
different sexual orientation or gender identity is not a requirement for asylum
seekers.309 Furthermore, any obligatory or voluntary submission of documentary or
photographic evidence of intimate acts has explicitly been excluded.310
3.2.2 Previous jurisprudence and developments
As mentioned in the introductory chapter, following the 2010 decision HJ and HT
rejecting the discretion requirement in the UK, a trend of disbelieving asylum claims
grew.311 The discretion reasoning which was prevalent for decades premised an
excessive focus on a queer public identity and on the sexual acts of asylum seekers.312

304

F.H. v. Sweden, para. 95.
UNHCR Handbook (2011), paras. 196-197 and 203-204; UNHCR Beyond Proof (2013), pp. 49-50.
306
UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 64.
307
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 35. UNHCR Discussion Paper (2010), para. 32.
308
UNHCR MPSG (2002), para. 37; UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 35; UNHCR SOGI
Guidelines (2012), paras. 64 and 66.
309
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 35.
310
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 64.
311
CJEU study (2017), p. 38.
312
Lewis (2014), p. 962.
305

47

HJ and HT gave impetus to the forsaking of the discretion ruling more broadly in the
EU and in other Anglo-Saxon jurisdictions. A 2014 investigation by the Independent
Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration brought to light that even though sexually
explicit documentary evidence was not requested by the Home Office, it was endorsed
and legitimised upon submission or implicitly solicited even in second instance
proceedings.313 Thereupon, in the Netherlands, a similar shift was noted in relation of
disbelieving the sexual orientation of asylum claimants.314 As surfaced through the A,
B and C judgement, sexually explicit material was also accepted in the Dutch asylum
system.
In 2014 the Dutch Council of State addressed a request for preliminary ruling to the
CJEU in relation to the interpretation of Article 4 of the Qualification Directive, in
relation to the limits of the credibility assessment of a stated sexual orientation. The
request originated from three cases of gay asylum seekers challenging in second
instance proceedings the decisions not finding their sexual orientation credible.
Applicant C had submitted footage including him performing sexual acts with another
man and applicant A agreed to perform sexual acts with another man to attest his
claimed sexual orientation.315 Among other issues the CJEU addressed the
compatibility of documentation or performances with intimate or sexual content with
Article 4 of the Qualification Directive read through the EU Charter. The CJEU rejected
submissions of sexually explicit evidence and performances of this kind on grounds
that its probative value is doubtful and as infringing human dignity.316
Even though the A, B and C ruling found sexually explicit documentation submissions
and performances to contradict human dignity, Advocate General Sharpston stressed
that such practices are ‘clearly contrary’ to the right to private life too.317 Moreover,
UNCHR in their written observations to the CJEU on A, B and C stressed that being
expected or asked to produce documentary or other evidence of intimate acts to

313

Vine Report (2014), para. 4 (51).
Jansen (2014), EDAL Conference.
315
A, B, C, paras. 28 and 24 respectively.
316
Ibid., para. 65.
317
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 66.
314

48

demonstrate one’s sexual orientation is under all circumstances incompatible with the
right to private life.318
3.2.3 Sexually explicit documentation and the right to private life
According to the ECtHR, private life in Article 8 of the ECHR is an overarching term
‘not susceptible to exhaustive definition’, covering the physical and psychological
integrity of a person and capable of embracing multiple facets of a person’s identity,
including sexual orientation.319 Indeed, claims on sexual orientation touch upon a core
identity of a person, which necessarily involves their private life. Sexual orientation,
the key element of these claims, is an important element of the personal sphere
protected by the right to private life.320 Intimate acts and sexual life comprise private
life and pertain to ‘aspects of an individual’s physical and social identity’, all of which
notions have been interpreted to comprise private life.321 Taken together, sexually
explicit content of evidentiary submissions in asylum proceedings falls under the scope
of the notion of private life.
Reading sexually explicit evidentiary submissions in relation to the right to private life
through an ECHR lens, invites the circumscription of submissions of sexually explicit
documentary evidence and performances as an interference with this right. In a case
concerning the taking and evaluation by courts of evidence establishing the applicant’s
gender identity, the ECtHR drew a line between the interests safeguarded by procedural
rights and these protected by the right to private life.322 It has been acknowledged that
while the issues arising in case law regarding sexual orientation and gender identity
vary, ECtHR’s interpretation of Article 8 guarantees in relation to gender identity issues
provides valuable guidance on sexual orientation issues as well. 323 In sum, submissions
of evidence the content of which falls under the scope of private life qualifies as an
interference with this right.

318

UNHCR Written Observations (2013), paras. 3 (6) and 3 (17).
Axel Springer AG v. Germany, para. 83; Van Kuck v. Germany, para. 69.
320
Peck v. The United Kingdom (2003), para. 57.
321
Dudgeon v. the UK, para. 87; Pretty v. the UK, para. 61; Van Kuck v. Germany, para. 69.
322
Van Kuck v. Germany, para. 74.
323
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 39.
319

49

Among other requirements, evidentiary submissions shall qualify as necessary in a
democratic society for the interference they constitute to be compatible with Article 8
of ECHR private life.324 Specifically, to affirm the requirement of a permissible
interference with a person’s private life, such interference has to be necessary in a
democratic society. In the context of documentary evidence, the question is whether
submissions of sexually explicit documentation and performances are justified by
relevant and sufficient reasons for establishing a person’s sexual orientation in asylum
proceedings. In examining whether these practices are necessary in a democratic
society, one of the questions to answer is whether the reasons justifying the measures
of sexually explicit submissions and performances are relevant to and sufficient for the
credibility assessment of asylum claims.325
First off, the probative value of this type of evidence is debatable. Both a genuine and
a bogus applicant could record intimate sexual acts or perform them in live. Advocate
General Sharpston has acknowledged the latter, stressing the disposition of such
evidence to fabrication.326 Even the voluntary nature of these evidentiary submissions,
cannot remedy their absence of probative value. Taking into consideration the gravity
sexually explicit evidence has had, it is easy to imagine straight individuals deciding to
deliver a one-off ‘show’ in order to positively influence their asylum determination, if
they have the opportunity to do so. Hence, the proneness to fabricate this type of
evidence cannot render this type of evidence relevant to the assessment of credibility
of sexual orientation.
By the same token, sexual activity is only one in a myriad of possible expressions a
person’s sexual orientation may translate to. Inside and outside asylum proceedings,
there is the tendency to strictly sexualise any same-sex sexual orientation and reduce it
to preconceived sexual activities. Circumventing discussions as to the reasons why such
approaches persist, the lack of efficiency of mere sexual activity to label a person’s
sexual orientation is rather stressed. Similarly, a sexual footage ‘simply establishes the
mechanics of the acts in question’,327 and cannot hold testament for sexual orientation
as a whole. In other words, evidence of this type can simply confirm the capability to
324

ECHR, Article 8 (2).
Z v. Finland, para. 94
326
Opinion of AG Sharpston, para. 66.
327
ICJ (2016), p. 41.
325

50

move certain bodily parts in certain ways and cannot encapsulate the full spectrum of
the expressions of one’s sexual orientation. Therefore, the sufficiency of sexually
explicit evidence or performances for proving sexual orientation cannot be concluded.
The voluntary or obligatory nature of such submissions should be considered critically,
inasmuch as it is another dimension of informed consent discussed in the previous
subchapter. In the International Commission of Jurists’ guide on claims based on sexual
orientation and gender identity practitioners have flagged that the pressure exerted on
applicants to produce sexually explicit documentation clearly and flagrantly breaches
their right to privacy.328 This position not only excludes voluntary submissions from
being a form of consent, but a fortiori considers them a per se breach to the right to
private life.
Even if not arguing for such a strong position, admittedly, persons applying for refugee
status find themselves in vulnerable positions, due to inherent dependency form such
procedures as well as to the concomitant rights limitations posed to this status by the
very structure of legal and policy implications. Practitioners and scholars have held that
when such material is being submitted it is usually crucial for a positive outcome.329 In
this context, asylum claimants seeking to back their applications are implicitly
compelled to produce sexually explicit material to prove their sexual orientation. The
structural weakness of asylum seekers has been emphasised by Advocate General
Sharpston in counter arguing against their valid consent in this context.330
3.2.4 Trends following the prohibition of sexually explicit evidence
Perhaps with the latter in mind the CJEU pronounced that the mere acceptance of
evidence would incite other applicants to provide it as well, since, even if voluntary in
nature, submissions of this type of evidence creates a de facto situation which would
undercut applicants who would refrain from such submissions.331 Even if the decision
to disclose this type of evidence is discretional, it is triggered from a fear of rejection
of the asylum claim and especially the determinative role these submissions play in the

328

ICJ (2016), p. 42.
Giametta (2018), p. 8; ICJ (2016), p. 41.
330
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 67.
331
A, B, C, para. 66.
329

51

success of an application.332 In many cases asylum seekers have felt compelled to
produce sexually explicit material in order to present a more advantageous claim.333 A
collateral effect of the latter is raising the threshold other asylum seekers have to meet
to satisfy the burden of proof of their membership to the particular social group of queer
persons, as well aggravating credibility issues for queer asylum claims in general.334
Even though the CJEU’s pronouncement in A, B and C in relation to sexually explicit
documentation is welcome, two points of the judgements invite further discussion; the
former being the blanket ban on sexually explicit documentation and the latter being
the silence with regard to submissions of documentary evidence not including intimate
acts.
Implicit in the reasoning of the case is the blacklisting of sexually explicit evidence,
overtly advocated by UNHCR in their written observations on the case.335 Despite not
wording it as such, the CJEU found sexually explicit documentation to be ‘precluded’
by the Article 4 of Directive 2004/83 read through human dignity.336 Two examples
below will indicate occasions which have not been captured in the A, B and C ruling.
An asylum seeker in the UK has been cited explaining how her support organisation
and network urged her to provide evidence her sexual orientation in her country of
origin. The photos of herself in the country of origin, being consistent with her selfrepresentation in the country of asylum strongly influenced her case.337 The asylum
authorities in the UK possibly gave weight to the pre-flight evidence in this case due to
the fact that it could not have been fabricated and hence had significant probative value.
Another substantive element in this case is that having such evidence at one’s disposal
is a matter of happenstance and not a product of coerced attempt to influence an asylum
case.
332

ICJ (2016), p. 41.
Briddock (2016), p. 152.
334
Lewis (2014), p. 962; Dawson and Gerber (2017), pp. 298-299.
335
UNHCR in their written submissions on A, B and C included sexually explicit documentation in
methods incompatible with the EU Charter under all circumstances. In her opinion, Advocate General
Sharpston did not embrace the division between blacklisted and greylisted practices, viewing it a
prescriptive task laying on the legislature and for purposes of clarity and legal certainty, due to the
limitation of the CJEU to the material before it. See in: UNHCR Written Observations (2013), paras. 3
(6)-(23); Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 58.
336
A, B, C, paras. 72-73: ‘Article 4 of Directive 2004/83/EC, read in the light of Article 1 of the Charter,
must be interpreted as precluding, in the context of that assessment, the acceptance by those authorities
of evidence such as the performance by the applicant for asylum concerned of homosexual acts […] or,
yet, the production by him of films of such acts.’
337
See in: Giametta (2018), p. 8.
333

52

In another case a female fled to Greece after explicit footage of hers was leaked online,
putting her in risk of persecution.338 The relevant footage was considered by the asylum
authorities and its existence also corroborated her framing as in need of specific
reception conditions, thus benefiting her situation. Deductively, a similar factual
situation cannot be excluded for a person who would have fled due to documentation
related to their sexual orientation. The latter analogy showcases that the A, B and C
blanket ban on the submission of documentary evidence should not be interpreted as
excluding documentation created before the asylum application.
The above examples demonstrate the significance of the consideration of pre-flight
evidence. Therefore, an expansive application of the CJEU’s blanket ban on the
submission of sexually explicit evidence would result to the exclusion too of
documentation created pre-flight without aiming to support an asylum claim.339 The
conclusion to be drawn is not advocating for the acceptance of sexually explicit
documentation, but instead, supporting the acceptance of substantive pre-flight
evidence even if they are sexually explicit. In any event, any such approach should be
applied very cautiously; documenting activities in the country of origin is not a
requirement but a coincidence and having such material in one’s possession post-flight
is dependent upon a multitude of factors. For instance, persons persecuted by non-state
actors have heightened difficulties in documenting their plight, often staged in the
privacy of the family close relations sphere.340 It should, therefore, be born in mind that
only few applicants will be able to provide proof of their sexual orientation in the
country of origin and any such evidence should be sceptically examined.341
The latter point to be raised in relation to the CJEU judgement on documentary
evidence aiming to establish asylum seekers’ credibility is the absence of any guidance
regarding non-explicit documentation. A practice demonstrating an extreme
interpretation of the ban of sexually explicit documentation is that in the Netherlands,
aside from sexually explicit documentation, non-explicit personal documentation is not
338

The example is drawn from field work in 2016.
ICJ (2016), pp. 41-42; Jansen (2019), p. 112.
340
Akin (2018), p. 31.
341
UNHCR has emphasised that ‘[w]hile some applicants will be able to provide proof of their LGBT
status, for instance through witness statements, photographs or other documentary evidence, they do not
need to document activities in the country of origin indicating their different sexual orientation or gender
identity’ in: UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 35.
339

53

considered either, even if not excluded in the very text of the relevant guidelines.342
When in 2008 O’Leary flagged that there are no membership cards and organisations
to prove queer asylum seekers’ sexual orientation,343 he had not foreseen developments
to follow. By the time sexually explicit evidence was rejected in EU case law, another
trend had developed. Thereupon, research has indicated that sexually explicit
documentary evidence has been seceded by evidence proving queer asylum seekers’
affiliation with LGBTI+ community and organisations. For instance, in Norway asylum
seekers put into the play any potentially helpful resource, such as participating in queer
organisations and pride parades or otherwise publicising a westernised queer lifestyle,
in order to translate and communicate their sexual orientation in the asylum context.344
Socio-legal publications illustrate the pressure exerted to asylum seekers to produce
this type of evidence in Canada, in which jurisdiction queer NGO letters were the ‘gold
standard’ for successful sexual orientation-based claims.345 Overlooking the stress
caused to their clients, queer NGOs urge asylum seekers to engage in social activities
in order to document their affiliation with the queer community to end of strengthening
their asylum claims.346 Indicative is the citation of an attorney from a refugee assisting
organisation, describing how he pressed his client, an otherwise closeted asylum seeker,
to stage a snapshot in a pride parade, despite his embarrassment and anxiety, in order
to corroborate his claim with the ‘legally very important’ evidence.347 Murray has
demonstrated in detail such reality in the context of a queer refugee supporting NGO,
resulting in lawyer- and peer-coaching sessions on documentation production amid a
NGO letter-writing frenzy of guidelines and regulations aiming to uphold the status of
such letters.348
The above context reflects trends being mainstreamed in the EU as well. Disbelief on
behalf of asylum decision making authorities translates to asylum seekers’ attempts
produce evidence outside the box.349 Strategies employed to optimise asylum claims,

342

Jansen (2019), p. 102.
O’Leary (2008), p. 89.
344
Akin (2016), pp. 12-13.
345
Murray (2016), p. 475.
346
Ibid.
347
Kahn and Alessi (2017), p. 30.
348
Murray (2016) pp. 473-475.
349
Akin (2016), p. 10 et seq.
343

54

may undercut those asylum seekers who cannot or do not intend to embrace queer
community visibility and the linear repetition of these strategies possibly closes the
door to alternative notions and facets of translating sexuality.350 The trend of asylum
seekers being undercut by the paucity of evidence expands even beyond the actual
asylum procedure. As showcased by Giametta, paucity of evidence is largely
prejudicing queer asylum seekers’ qualification for legal aid by refugee assisting
organisations in the UK.351 The significance attributed to queer-social-affiliation
documentation by the asylum authorities, may have adverse outcomes unless one
complies with their norm, in a fashion similar to the voluntary submission of sexually
explicit documentation few years ago.
In any event, evidence of affiliation with queer networks and relevant social visibility
are not inextricably linked with sexual orientation. The significance frequently
attributed to this type of evidence does not necessarily reflect its efficacy to prove a
person’s sexual orientation. This documentation can be submitted even by persons who
are not actually queer, insofar as this could be the case with sexually explicit
documentation. Given its proneness to fabrication, documentation of queer networks’
affiliation cannot sufficiently establish sexual orientation, without the latter excluding
that it may be an element to consider. Hence, the absence or existence of this type of
documentation is not sufficient to majorly impact the determination of an asylum
application. The limited probative value renders queer network affiliation evidence an
insufficient means to establish alone the credibility of a person’s sexual orientation.
Therefore, any consideration of this type of evidence as a major indicator in the
credibility assessment, does not sufficiently serve the purpose of a fair status
determination and is thus not compatible with the right to private life.
Membership to queer organisations and social networks in Cyprus is accepted and
examined, albeit on discretionary basis; depending on the country or the organisation it
may be dismissed or deemed irrelevant to the stated sexual orientation. 352 To remedy
similar asymmetries, the Dutch Council of State in 2016 inquired the State Secretary
over the value of a membership card for an LGBTI organisation, (ex) partner’s
350

Akin (2016), pp. 12-13.
Giametta (2018), pp. 10-11.
352
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 53.
351

55

statements, or photographs from queer events, albeit without having received a
response.353 It is evident that disbelief in relation to applicants’ membership to a
particular social group has prevailed even in light of documentary or other evidence
submitted.
Berg and Millbank have found that in Australia and Canada witness testimonies and
queer NGO membership attestations were rejected as ‘self-serving or staged’.354 On the
other hand, UNHCR has highlighted that even ‘self-serving’ activities do not exclude
the existence of a well-founded fear of persecution; weight should be rather given to a
comprehensive assessment of the circumstances in both the country of origin and the
country of asylum, as well as to the ‘ensuing risk of persecution’ if the applicant’s
sexual orientation becomes known in the country of origin.355 In sum, the focus should
rather be on whether the applicant has a well-founded fear of being persecuted on
account of their actual of perceived membership to a particular social group, than on
the veracity of social activities embraced in the country of refuge.
Practice in relation to witness submissions also presents inconsistencies in queer
asylum cases. Reportedly, in the UK asylum authorities have argued against the
credibility of an applicant’s sexual orientation because according to their testimonies
none of them had had sex with her. Interestingly, the witnesses had been asked whether
they had been ‘intimate’ with the applicant. This line of questioning, in addition to
being intrusive, missed the point of establishing credibility,356 which will be the topic
of the next subchapter. Indeed, statements on an applicant’s participation in queer
organisations and events or by persons who have had personal relations with the asylum
seeker may hold testament of one’s sexual orientation. Nevertheless, witness statements
should be evaluated in the broader context of the case and,357 in any event, an absence
thereof should not prejudice an asylum claim. Particularly, the evaluation of witnesses’
submissions should be streamlined with the standards for asylum seekers’ respective
submissions. By the same token, it is underscored that if the trend of giving particular
weight to queer NGO certificates expands to witness testimonies too, it is highly
353

Jansen (2019), p. 101.
Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 198.
355
UNHCR Guidance Note (2008), para. 40.
356
Briddock (2016), p. 155.
357
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 54.
354

56

probable that pressure to produce such documentation will burden witnesses too. The
case of an asylum seeker in Canada who coached her grandmother in the country of
origin on the information to be included in the letter,358 is indicative in this regard.
Nevertheless, following the A, B and C judgement, positive developments have taken
place too. In 2016 it was reported that the Home Office would no longer accept sexually
explicit documentation in sexual orientation-based asylum claims in the UK.359 The
Swedish Migration Agency has issued internal guidelines according to which sexually
explicit evidence should not be admitted.360 Perhaps on the latter basis, the offer of
asylum seeker to perform sexual acts with his partner in live was turned down by a
judge.361 In the Netherlands, where the landmark case originated from, the Working
Guidelines on ‘Interviewing and decision-making in cases in which LGBT orientation
has been put forward as an asylum motive’ came forward on 2015,362 according to
which no sexually explicit documentary evidence is requested and even if submitted
voluntarily is not considered.363 Moreover, presenting membership documentation from
organisations in the country of origin is welcomed by the Dutch authorities.364
The positive developments do not mean that the practice of sexually explicit
documentation has entirely been eradicated, though. Despite the relevant guidelines of
the Swedish Migration Agency, even following the A, B and C judgement, asylum case
workers have reportedly challenged absence of footage or photographs of previous
partners during interviews.365 A recent publication reveals that in the UK the Home
Office is probing asylum seekers to submit personal photos.366 This practice revitalises
the issue of additional evidence submitted by some asylum seekers, thus undercutting
those who do not. Such cases remain undetected unless they receive an adverse outcome
so that the applicants can potentially move the case forward to higher instances. In
jurisdictions where malpractices, on the submission of documentary evidence have not
been flagged, such as in France,367 decision makers take for granted the fact that asylum
358

Murray (2016), p. 474.
Briddock (2016), p. 155.
360
CJEU study (2017), p. 41.
361
Berit (2015), p. 665.
362
Jansen (2018).
363
See in: Jansen (2019), pp. 25-26 and 102-103.
364
Jansen (2019), p. 104.
365
Citing an asylum seeker referring to their 2015 interview, in: Lukac and Eriksson (2017), pp. 19-20.
366
Struthers (2020), p. 15.
367
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 51.
359

57

seekers are not in position to produce evidence on their sexual orientation, which
ultimately shows the ‘impossibility of evidence’ inherent in the majority of asylum
claims.368

368

Kobelinsky (2015), p. 349.

58

3.3 Intrusive Questioning
3.3.1 ‘How many sexual encounters have you had with your partner?’369
In 2010 UNHCR along with a range of NGOs, academics and legal practitioners
stressed intrusive questioning and incidents of bias in asylum interviews as protection
gaps for queer asylum seekers.370 According to a Home Office document leaked to the
media in 2014, questions addressed by the UK authorities to persons seeking asylum
on the basis of their sexual orientation included a series of lurid questions.371 Such
practice had already been flagged by a qualitative research which had bought to light
transcripts with worrisome examples of questioning.372 In the Netherlands invasive
questioning was also applied in asylum interviews, involving even questions affording
stigma to alleged survivors of sexual violence.373 At the same period intrusive
questioning inquiring over applicants’ sexual acts was employed in Sweden and
Belgium as well.374 Said questions could become exceptionally inimical and abusive,375
often reflecting a strictly construed heterosexual binary.376
The practice of intrusive and sexually explicit questioning in asylum interviews across
EU countries, reached the CJEU in 2013 as a referral for a preliminary ruling by the
Dutch Council of State. The question over the limits of national authorities in assessing
the credibility of sexual orientation-based asylum claims, also included the issue of

369

Anonymous question reported in UKLIG (2013), p. 20.
UNHCR Discussion Paper (2010), par. 30.
371
‘Did you put your penis into x’s backside?’; ‘When x was penetrating you, did you have an erection?’;
‘Did x ejaculate inside you?’; ‘Why did you use a condom?’; ‘What is it about the way men walk that
turns you on?’ cited by the Guardian (2014).
372
‘Was it loving sex or rough?’; ‘What have you found is the most successful way of pulling men?’; ‘So
you had intercourse with him and not just blow jobs’; ‘So you had intercourse with him and not just blow
jobs?’; ‘Can I ask you why you did not have penetrative sex at any time in Nigeria up until December
2009?’; ‘Since you have been with X have you had any other partners or one night stands or sexual
encounters with any other man?’; ‘But you say you love each other so why are you cheating on him?’;
‘But you love X and want to get married, yet you have not had sexual intercourse with him but have had
sexual intercourse with other men in the sauna, why is this?’; ‘I am struggling to understand why you
have sex with other men but not your partner who you say you love and want to marry. What do you
have to say?’. Transcripts cited in: UKLIG (2013), p. 20.
373
‘Can you explain to me why the policemen raped you, although they are against homosexuals and
there is a taboo on gays?’, question asked in 2010, cited in: Jansen (2019), p. 51.
374
CJEU study (2017), p. 37.
375
“Was it loving sex or rough?”; “So you had intercourse with him and not just blow jobs?”; “How many
sexual encounters have you had with your partner?”, anonymous questions reported in UKLIG (2013),
p. 20.
376
Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 204. For example, in one Australian case, a witness giving evidence that
he believed the applicant to be gay was suddenly asked by the tribunal, ‘When did you have sex with
him last?’ and in the same hearing the applicant himself was asked ‘Did you adopt a male or female role
in those relationships?’, ibid., citing RRT Reference 060403696 [2006] (not publicly available).
370

59

questions posed during the interviews, which the applicants in the respective cases held
that breached their right to respect for private life.377 The joined cases originated from
three asylum applications having been rejected on the basis they were lacking
credibility. Acknowledging the national authorities’ role in carrying out interviews to
establish the credibility of sexual orientation-based asylum applications, the CJEU went
on finding detailed questions on sexual practices contrary to the right to respect for
private and family life.378 In the analysis restricted to the Qualification Directive, the
Asylum Procedures Directive and the EU Charter, the CJEU found that questions
pertinent to details of sexual practices of asylum seekers are contrary to the respect for
private and family life. The same position had also been advocated by UNHCR in their
respective oral submissions, in line with their previous written observations on the case,
which blacklisted sexually explicit questioning.379
3.3.2 Intrusive and explicit questioning and the right to private life
So far, the ECtHR has not dealt with the practice of intrusive and sexually explicit
questioning in interviews of asylum seekers claiming to be persecuted on the basis of
their sexual orientation. In providing an ECHR reading on whether intrusive
questioning is a permissible interference with an individual’s right to private life,380 the
question to ask in the outset is whether this practice involves an aspect of private life.
The main topic of questioning in the asylum interviews under consideration is the
establishment of an applicant’s sexual orientation, which is considered ‘a most intimate
aspect of an individual’s private life’.381 The specific subject matter of sexual conduct
and practices has been found to form part of private life and that private, consensual
acts to clearly fall within the sphere of private life.382
In order for intrusive questioning to constitute an interference with private life, being
questioned over intimate acts has to be established as an interference with asylum

377

A, B, C, paras. 35 and 43.
Ibid, para. 64.
379
UNHCR Written Observations (2013), paras. 3 (8)-(11); UNHCR Oral Submissions (2014), para. 18.
380
Article 8 of ECHR reads: ‘1. Everyone has the right to respect for his private and family life, his home
and his correspondence. 2. There shall be no interference by a public authority with the exercise of this
right except such as is in accordance with the law and is necessary in a democratic society in the interests
of national security, public safety or the economic well-being of the country, for the prevention of
disorder or crime, for the protection of health or morals, or for the protection of the rights and freedoms
of others.’
381
Smith and Grady v. the UK, para. 90.
382
P.G. and J.H. v. the United Kingdom, 2001, para. 56; Dudgeon v. the UK, paras. 87 and 88.
378

60

seekers’ privacy. In a case concerning intrusive investigations and questioning on
armed forces personnel’s sexual orientation resulting to their discharge, the
investigations to the applicants’ sexual orientation ‘which included detailed interviews
with each of them […] on matters relating to their sexual orientation and practices,
together with the preparation of a final report […] on the investigations, […] [were
found to constitute] a direct interference with the applicants’ right to respect for their
private lives.’383
Despite the different contexts, one cannot overlook parallels between being eligible to
join the armed forces and to become an international protection beneficiary. Policy
against non-heterosexual persons in the armed forces results in excluding persons if
their same-sex sexual orientation is established. Credibility assessment in refugee status
determination on the other hand, if not affirmed, results in the rejection of asylum
seekers’ claims for international protection. Specifically, in either of the previously
mentioned contexts, establishing or not individuals’ sexual orientation may produce
adverse legal consequences. Acceding either context is voluntary, but nevertheless
imposes limitations, and is a translation of state sovereignty over the individuals
concerned. Hence, the analogy between the two contexts showcases that intrusive
questioning over sexual orientation and sexual acts in the context of refugee status
determination can be grounded as an interference with asylum seekers’ private life
inasmuch as it has been established a direct interference thereof when addressed to
armed forces personnel with similar purpose.
The duty of the applicant to submit all relevant information, including their statements,
is prescribed by the recast Qualification Directive, upon which each Member State
bases its respective domestic legislation.384 On the one hand decision makers have a
legitimate interest in drawing out information sufficient enough to make a fair status
determination and on the other, the asylum seekers have a duty to cooperate with the
authorities, which in the interview stage translates to disclosing relevant information.
Hence, in principle questioning is an interference with the asylum seekers private life,
which is prescribed by law and serves a legitimate aim. Their necessity in a democratic

383

Smith and Grady v. the UK, para. 71.
Article 4 (1) of the recast Qualification Directive reads: ‘Member States may consider it the duty of
the applicant to submit as soon as possible all the elements needed to substantiate the application for
international protection. In cooperation with the applicant, it is the duty of the Member State to assess
the relevant elements of the application.’
384

61

society is to be examined in relation to the relevance and sufficiency of the information
elicited in intrusive and sexually explicit questioning. In any case, authorities’
legitimate interest of eliciting information and the applicants’ duty to cooperate to this
end have to be balanced with the applicants’ interest to protect their private life.
Any interference with ‘a most intimate aspect of an individual’s private life’, such as
the topic of sexual acts in asylum interviews, requires particularly serious reasons to be
justified.385 In the above referenced case involving invasive questioning of armed forces
personnel, being ‘interviewed and asked detailed questions of an intimate nature about
their particular sexual practices and preferences’, were among the reasons for which the
interference was found to be particularly grave. The Court particularly stressed that
‘[c]ertain lines of questioning of both applicants were, in the Court’s view, particularly
intrusive and offensive […]’.386 Drawing a parallel to the similar approach in asylum
interviews, sexually explicit and intrusive questioning can be framed as a grave
interference with asylum seekers’ private life, necessitating particularly serious reasons
to be justified.
The interests served by fair refugee status determinations have to be balanced with the
interests of the applicants in keeping their sexual orientation and sexual life private. For
intrusive questioning to be labelled as a permissible interference, the legitimacy of the
authorities’ interest in international protection applicants’ private and sexual life has to
be necessary in a democratic society. Inquiring over with asylum seekers’ sexual acts
aims to a fair refugee status determination, which more broadly serves interests of a
democratic society, such as national security or the economic well-being of the
country.387 The extent to which invasive questioning in particular is justified in a
democratic society will determine whether such interference to qualify or not
compatible with the right to private life.
To qualify as necessary in a democratic society, the reasons justifying the interference
with sexual orientation and sexual life of asylum seekers should be relevant to and
sufficient for a fair refugee status determination. Discussing these considerations, the
main issues to be raised in relation to intrusive and sexually explicit questioning are

385

Smith and Grady v. the UK, para. 90.
[emphasis added] Smith and Grady v. the UK, para. 91.
387
ECHR, Article 8 (2).
386

62

their pertinence to establishing a person’s sexual orientation, their probative value, the
reactions they trigger to the interviewees and the efficacy of sexual acts to account for
a person’s sexual orientation.
In some cases, the content of intrusive questions has become so lurid that the point of
linking them to the establishment of sexual orientation is missed. For instance, the
question ‘[h]ow many sexual encounters have you had with your partner?’, 388 is
irrelevant to verifying sexual orientation, as not any known sexual identity qualifies
from the frequency of sexual encounters. Similarly, a reply to the question ‘[b]ut you
say you love each other so why are you cheating on him?’389 cannot somehow be linked
to the establishment of any sexual orientation. By the same token, persons embracing
any sexual orientation may equally struggle to answer the question ‘[y]ou have never
had a relationship with a man. How do you know you are a lesbian?’390, if the question
would respectively be addressed to them. The above examples indicate that, in cases,
the content of intrusive questions is impertinent, if not absurd, to the extent of rendering
them irrelevant to the establishment of sexual orientation.
With regard to sufficiency, a sexually explicit approach in questioning a person’s sexual
orientation disregards the fact that the latter is more complicated and sophisticated than
mere sexual activity,391 and that sexual life is not an indispensable expression of sexual
orientation. Sexual orientation may translate in infinite ways, such as the mere
attraction to a person of the same or any other sex or gender. Whether and how sexual
orientation is manifested through acts varies from one individual to another,392 even for
persons coming from similar backgrounds. Particularly in persecutory environments
sexual orientation may be communicated very differently, if at all. Fear of persecution
in the country of origin is a good reason for which an applicant may either have
refrained from having previous relationships with a person of the same sex,393 or be
unable to recall details of sexual activities.394 As myopic as rendering sexual activities
an intrinsic aspect of sexual orientation in tolerant societies is, all the more so it appears
388

Transcript quoted in: UKLIG (2013), p. 20.
Ibid.
390
Ibid.
391
Briddock (2016), p. 152.
392
UNHCR Oral Submissions in: A, B, C, para. 18.
393
UNHCR Written Observations (2013), para. 3 (8).
394
UNHCR Written Observations (2013), para. 3 (10).
389

63

for societies which are intolerant at their best and persecutory at their worst. Taken
together, it is impractical to expect by default asylum seekers to have had previous
sexual relations. Hence, a line of questioning focusing on details of sexual activities
can prove insufficient in a number of claims on the basis of sexual orientation.
Αn intrusive and sexually explicit approach in questioning a person’s sexual orientation
raises doubts as to its efficacy to yield insightful answers, bearing the aim to attest a
person’s sexual orientation in mind. As deeply as decision-makers may attempt to go
by sexually explicit questioning, they seem to disregard the existence of ‘statements
that are not susceptible of truth’.395 Given its association with a forum internum,396
sexual orientation can be considered as one of these latter statements. Sexually explicit
questions often lead to evasive responses, since the approach and formulation of
questioning play a substantive role to the answers of the interviewees and their overall
credibility.397 In this regard, it is indicative that even the use of neutral or scientific
language may further reserve some applicants, due to potential derogatory use of the
terms in their countries of origin.398

Such adversarial questioning technique tends to exacerbate the already vulnerable
position of queer asylum seekers.399 The applicants in A, B and C case flagged the
cultural reservations and the shame preventing an asylum seeker from providing an
account of their sexual orientation freely in face of intrusive questions on their sexual
orientation.400 This line of questioning would be challenging even for persons entirely
confident with and accepted for their sexual orientation, which is a fortiori more
challenging for persons having developed their sexuality in persecutory and intolerant
environments.401 Advocate General Sharpston in her opinion on the case stressed that
such line of questioning ‘may alienate certain individuals (including genuine
applicants)’ from cooperating with the authorities.402 Millbank has flagged that sexually
explicit questions impede asylum seekers from responding since they exacerbate the

395

UNHCR Handbook (2011), par. 196.
Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 196.
397
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 54-55.
398
UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 60 (v).
399
Kagan (2003), pp. 394-395.
400
A, B, C, para. 35; UNHCR Written Observations (2013), para. 3 (10).
401
Berg and Millbank (2009), pp. 204-205.
402
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 63.
396

64

‘feelings of shame and self-hatred or internalized homophobia’ often experienced by
queer asylum seekers, particularly if such questions are addressed by the authorities.403
In sum, sexually explicit questions do not seem to sufficiently serve the purpose of
establishing credibility through the asylum interview.
In any event, questions over details of sexual acts invite considerations as to their
probative value as well. Sexual details can be invented by anyone, which frames the
statements elicited through sexually explicit questioning of dubious probative value.404
As UNHCR has also underscored the limited probative value of statements elicited
through intrusive and sexually explicit questions, arguing that an account of sexual
activities with a person of the same sex could easily be fabricated by anyone. 405
Recounting details of sexual activities might reflect previous experience or may simply
involve made-up mechanics of sexual acts. In a context where the outcome of sexual
orientation-based asylum applications is largely based on personal narratives, one can
reasonably imagine a person producing non-existent sexual details in order for them to
navigate through the practice of intrusive questioning. In sum, given their proneness to
made-up responses, intrusive and sexually explicit questions are not a sufficient means
to establish a person’s sexual orientation.
The intimate content of intrusive and sexually explicit questions is an aspect of private
life. Questions over these intimate areas constitute an interference with private life,
which requires particularly serious reasons for their justification. Balancing states’
interests of fair refugee status determinations with the applicants interests to protect
elements of their private life the interference of intrusive questioning has not been
shown to be relevant and sufficient with the legitimate aim of fair status determinations
as it should in the democratic societies of EU Members-States. Particularly, examples
of invasive questions are often impertinent to the aim of verifying a person’s sexual
orientation as well as insufficient to the establishment thereof, due to potentially lacking
previous sexual relations, reservations to respond to this kind of questions and their
susceptibility to fabricated responses. Overall, such type of questioning is irrelevant

403

Millbank (2009a), p. 8.
Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston, para. 63.
405
UNHCR Written Observations (2013), para. 3 (9).
404

65

and insufficient, since it lacks a nexus between the performance of the sexual acts and
the verification of a person’s sexual orientation.
3.3.3 Recent trends in questioning and expected narratives
The A, B and C ruling gave impetus to policy amendments in several EU countries,
aiming to improve the refugee status determination. In a majority of EU countries,
whether they used to employ invasive questioning or not, relevant guidelines and
trainings have prohibited sexually explicit questioning in asylum interviews on the
basis of the A, B and C judgement.406 This is the case also of France, where, despite
intrusive questioning not being reported prior to A, B and C, as per the French Office
for the Protection of Refugees and Stateless (OFPRA) guidelines, intrusive or explicit
questions to asylum seekers are prohibited.407
An approach adopted by some countries was to instruct interviewers to disclaim details
of sexual acts in the outset and to discontinue such accounts when offered by the
applicants. In the UK the Home Office issued relevant guidance, which included a script
for the event decision makers would be presented with sexually explicit accounts.408 In
a follow up legal position issued for its personnel, the Swedish Migration Agency
explicitly ruled out questions on sexual acts and experiences, while accounts of sexual
acts have come to be interrupted.409 In the Netherlands, pursuant to the Working
Guidelines 2015/09,410

sexually explicit questions have also been forsaken and

decision makers explicitly inform the applicants that details of sexual acts are not to be
included in the assessment.411
Noticeably, in some countries the amendments in the guidelines on credibility
assessment of sexual orientation-based claims had already been underway. For
instance, in France in order to adopt a more vulnerability-friendly approach in the
assessment of asylum claims.412 Similarly, the Home Office had already undertaken the

406

CJEU (2017), pp. 50-51.
CJEU (2017), p. 46.
408
The relevant guidance reads: ‘Stop please. I am not going to ask you any detailed questions about
sex’, in: UK Home Office (2016), p. 29.
409
CJEU study (2017), p. 41; Jansen (2019), fn. 170.
410
Cited in Jansen (2019), fn. 82 (original source inaccessible).
411
Jansen (2019), p. 48. See particularly fns.
412
CJEU study (2017), p. 43.
407

66

amendment of the relevant guidance in the UK,413 following the 2014 press revelations
mentioned above.414 Likewise the Dutch State Secretary, triggered by the preliminary
questions submitted to the CJEU for A, B and C, and after the Dutch follow up
judgement on the case from which the A, B and C originated from was released in 2015,
publicised guidelines which were being devised since 2014.415 The fact that the A, B
and C ruling overlapped with ongoing amendments is indicative on pre-existing
scrutiny over the practice of intrusive questioning in some Member States even prior to
the A, B and C judgement.
Even though the practice has arguably changed, in several Member States, such as
Belgium, Italy and Germany, ‘intrusive probing’ of details over asylum seekers’ sexual
life persists.416 In a recent study on the assessment of queer asylum applications in the
Netherlands, Jansen has cited questions inferring sexual details despite not explicitly
being asked. Questions such as ‘how did you feel when you had intercourse with
men’,417 may not inquire over details of sexual acts per se, but in essence are as
irrelevant and insufficient for the establishment of a person’s sexual orientation as their
sexually explicit counterparts. According to a recent study in the UK, questions on
being open about their sexual orientation and around personal relationships in the
country origin - often intrusive and relentless ones - are being emphasised in asylum
interviews, with asylum seekers noting persistence of interviewers on the said topics,
even when they do not have something relevant to contend.418 This practice reflects a
lack of cultural and contextual understanding and triggers shame, confusion and
reservation to the applicants. Paying regard to the above-analysed ECtHR private life
reading, intrusive probing to details of sexual life is equally irrelevant to and
insufficient for the establishment of sexual orientation. All in all, questions on sexual
details cloaked under inquiries over emotions during sexual acts, also interfere with
private life as analysed above. Hence, intrusive probing of details of sexual acts is seen
intrusive and impertinent, as much as sexually explicit questions.

413

Published in 2015 and further amended in 2016. See: UK Home Office (2016).
Dawson and Gerber (2017), p. 299.
415
Jansen (2019), p. 24.
416
CJEU (2017), pp. 50-51.
417
Cited in Jansen (2019), p. 51.
418
Struthers (2020), p. 14.
414

67

With particular regard to Germany, Tschalaer reports that according to a recent study
on queer asylum, sexually explicit questions, for instance on sexual positions and sex,
are mainstream in asylum interviews.419 Examples of cases demonstrate intrusive
questioning, either addressed directly by courts or the tolerance thereof in the event
intrusive questioning is flagged to have taken place at lower instances, some of which
in addition to being invasive reflect heteronormative stereotypical assumptions.420 In
2017 the UK Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration flagged the need for the
monitoring of the Country Policy and Information Notes implementation on sexual
orientation and gender identity-based claims.421 According to a 2020 study,422 the
percentage of asylum seekers considering that their interviewers indeed listened to their
story and asked the right questions was almost equal to those not thinking so.423 Taken
together, despite policy amendments and new guidelines streamlined across EU
countries, invasive questioning continues to take place either overtly or in an implicit
fashion.
Even though the A, B and C judgement rejected sexually explicit questions, it did not
provide positive guidance on how asylum interviews should be conducted. In 2011 the
model of difference, stigma, shame and harm (hereinafter ‘DSSH’), developed by the
UK barrister Chelvan, had appeared in an informal meeting of experts on sexual
orientation and gender identity asylum claims, attended by judges, legal practitioners
and international organisations primarily form EU countries.424 DSSH model facilitates
eliciting detailed narratives of past experiences focusing on asylum seekers’ nonconformity with the heterosexual archetype of potential prosecutors, i.e. with not being
‘straight enough’.425 In its initial form the DSSH model aimed to facilitate practitioners
and decision makers in assessing credibility through a sexual identity checklist
419

Tschalaer (2020), p. 1272. The original report was not accessible.
Tschalaer (2020) cites that ‘[i]n some instances, the mostly gay male asylum applicants were
unlawfully asked about who was acting more female or male during sex, who was more active during
the act, and whether or not anal penetration was painful’, p. 1272; See also: CJEU (2017), pp. 50-51.
421
Asylum Aid (2017), p. 7.
422
Majority of the respondents (asylum seekers and service providers) claim asylum or work in Germany,
Italy and the UK, albeit the study involved respondents from Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Denmark,
France, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Malta, Norway, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland and the Netherlands. SOGICA (2020), p. 5 and fn. 7.
423
‘Forty per cent of respondents considered that the official(s) who interviewed them listened
to their story and asked the right questions, while 37% did not think so, and 17% were not
sure.’ SOGICA (2020), p. 18.
424
UNHCR Informal meeting (2011), fn. 1; Chelvan (2013), para. 17.
425
Chelvan (2013), para. 19.
420

68

comprising experiences arising in a majority of sexual orientation and gender identity
asylum claims.426

The model was further embodied in the UNHCR Guidelines on sexual orientation and
gender identity claims,427 and has come to be included in UNHCR training modules on
sexual orientation and gender identity asylum claims. UNHCR has endorsed DSSH,
mainstreaming a non-adversarial approach in the assessment of credibility through
open-ended questions to be asked in a non-judgemental way.428 The latest respective
training workbook provides interview basics guidance with sample questions to ask and
sample questions to avoid.429 The most developed version of the DSSH model has been
incorporated in the Hungarian Helsinki Committee’s interdisciplinary training manual
on credibility assessment in asylum procedures to provide guidance to decision makers
and asylum professionals on understanding queer asylum seekers’ journeys to selfidentification.430 Thereupon, the DSSH model has been mainstreamed and incorporated
in the relevant domestic guidelines of various EU jurisdictions, including Cyprus,
Finland, Sweden, Norway and the United Kingdom’431

Be it as it may, the risk of asylum seekers’ misunderstanding the questions and decision
makers’ misinterpreting the responses provided looms large in questioning over
personal milestones. Centring on the asylum seekers’ perspective in this regard, Jansen
has pinpointed that ‘[a] great deal is demanded from the asylum seeker: [they are]
supposed to understand these abstract concepts, recognise [themselves] in these, and
also speak about it in detail, perhaps for the first time in [their] life.’432 For instance,
the question ‘when did you first know (or become aware) that you were gay/lesbian?’
may invariably be perceived to entail different conceptualisations of sexuality, such as
the first feeling of attraction, the first sexual encounter, first relationship with a person
or the first time a person came out regarding the above to a person from their

426

UNHCR Informal Meeting (2011), pp. 10-11.
UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), paras. 62-63 (i)-(ix).
428
IOM-UNHCR training module 2 (2016), facilitation guide, p. 2.
429
IOM-UNHCR participant workbook (2016), pp. 8-11.
430
HuHeCo (2015), p. 74 et seq.
431
Grønningsæter (2017), p. 11; EMN (2016), p. 3; HuHeCo (2015), p. 77.
432
Jansen (2019), p. 67.
427

69

environment.433 Reportedly, in their attempt to avoid sexually explicit questions French
decision making authorities tend to ask rather abstract questions, which asylum seekers
often fail to understand.434
By the same token, educational background may also be an obstacle for concise,
detailed and to the point responses on behalf of asylum seekers. Research indicates that
persons with low educational level when inquired over feelings and internal processes,
often respond mentioning concrete events and actions.435 In other words, for many
asylum seekers reference to sexual acts might provide a solid means to flag their
difference form heterosexual individuals as well as experiences of shame stigma and
harm due to their sexual orientation. Vague and abstract questions fail to elicit detailed
responses, either due to the inadequacy of the questions themselves or due to their
inappropriateness for an asylum seeker’s specific background. This often results in
applicants’ narratives which are not consistent and plausible, and hence credible. Thus,
unclear questions also fail to sufficiently serve the purpose of establishment of
credibility assessment and, hence of a fair refugee status determination.
Taken together, decision makers have come to focus more on asylum seekers’
reflections on being queer. Nevertheless, research indicates that in some countries the
shift of focus from sexual conduct has been misinterpreted. In the Netherlands physical
desire has been labelled as ‘vague and superficial’ whilst the deeper the emotions
described are, the more believable a statement is perceived to be.436 Similarly, in
Norway sexual activity has come to be judged as misleading and irrelevant to assess a
person’s sexual orientation.437 Sexual acts continue to play a major, albeit implicit, role
in queer asylum seekers’ narratives, and ever since feelings and processes have taken
over sexual details, talking ‘too much about sex and too little about emotions’ has come
to prejudice queer asylum claims.438
In Norway a tendency of straightforward narratives to be rejected as too risky to be true
has been demonstrated; as credible identities are read those outlining vulnerability and
433

Berg and Millbank (2009), p. 204.
FRA (2017), p. 5.
435
Jansen (2019), pp. 67, 74-75, fns. 262, 264-265 and 269.
436
Jansen (2019), p. 78.
437
Akin (2015), pp. 33-34.
438
Jansen (2019), p. 74 and 78.
434

70

employing internalised shame for the sexual identity or reserve in expressing it.439 Inner
experiences, such as stigmatisation and vulnerability have come to be given weight,
albeit in inflexible fashion; there is a ‘shift of focus from conduct to the so-called right
kind of identity’.440 In providing accounts of their country-of-origin experiences,
‘legitimate’ asylum seekers are expected to express distress and comport themselves as
victims.441 In France, the personalisation and uniqueness of a narrative has emerged as
credibility indicator.442
In countries such as Sweden and France, the stronger an image of an asylum seeker as
a victim is throughout their narrative, the more plausible their claim is.443 Expectations
of victimhood performance, have been observed also in Norway, where the
streamlining of the DSSH model in refugee status determination has been interpreted
by decision makers as to challenge the credibility of persons who do not present
narratives of fear, shame and internal conflict.444 Hence, despite avoiding sexually
explicit questions by focusing on feelings and emotions, narratives still need to meet
decision makers pre-conceptions of identity discovery and development.
In relation to the Canadian context, Murray has identified a ‘rescue narrative’, involving
‘a requisite statement of gratitude toward the host nation for ‘‘rescuing’’ them from
persecution and ‘‘allowing’’ them to be free as an LGBT-identified member of society’,
trending amongst queer asylum seekers.445 The portrayal of states where asylum seekers
originate from as places of cruelty and violence, partially underpins the European
asylum system.446 In the context of the asylum procedures, in the event a narrative
manages to channel the ‘barbarity’ of a country of origin, this will translate to a credible
well-founded fear of persecution and, hence, successful asylum claims. Decision
makers often presume a causal link between coming from homophobic society and
internalised stigma or homophobia.447 Therefore, the present thesis observes a tendency

439

Akin (2015), pp. 33-34.
Akin (2018), p. 36-37.
441
Kobelinsky (2015), p. 343.
442
Giametta (2018), p. 4.
443
Kobelinsky (2015), p. 343.
444
Grønningsæter (2017), pp. 11-12.
445
Murray (2014), p. 28.
446
Spijkerboer (2018), p. 223; Tschalaer (2020), p. 1274-1275.
447
Jansen (2019), p. 73.
440

71

of EU decision makers to expect asylum seekers’ narratives to channel a ‘rescue
narrative’, in order for asylum claims on sexual orientation to be believed.
The UNHCR Guidelines on sexual orientation and gender identity read that
‘[e]xploring elements around the applicant’s personal perceptions, feelings and
experiences of difference, stigma and shame are usually more likely to help the decision
maker ascertain the applicant’s sexual orientation or gender identity, rather than a focus
on sexual practices.’448 The latter remark does not exclude reference of sexual acts to
be included in statements in corroboration of asylum seekers’ claimed sexual
orientation on their own motion. By the same token, the pronouncements in A, B, and
C judgement referred to sexually explicit questioning rather as a mode employed by
authorities and expectations of narratives thereof, than in relation to the applicants’
opportunity to state their previous experiences. Latest trends look as if UNHCR
guidance and the CJEU precedent elaborated above have been misinterpreted. The
rejection of intrusive, sexually explicit and invasive questioning conducted by the
authorities has in essence been misconstrued as prohibiting any assertion pertinent to
asylum seekers’ sexual life.
The above-mentioned approaches overlook that, despite the rejection of intrusive
questioning, sexual acts may still nuance in an asylum seeker’s narrative on their sexual
orientation. Depending on the past experiences and individual realities of a person,
sexual life can be a substantive element within their narrative. As much as someone
may not have had the opportunity to have any relationship in the country of persecution,
regard should equally be paid to persons for whom sexual relations and acts were a
major expression of their sexuality. UNHCR relevant Guidelines, while acknowledging
that not any asylum seeker may have previous relationships, has flagged that sexual
orientation-based asylum narratives may often comprise romantic or sexual
relationships.449 As otherwise put by the UNHCR ‘there is no magic formula of
questions to ask and no set of “right” answers in response.’450
Taken together, these trends, even if developed operationally, influence legal
procedures and concomitant legal status. They are mainstreamed and trend broadly,

448

[emphasis added] UNHCR Guidelines (2012), para. 62.
UNHCR Written Observations (2013), para. 3 (8).
450
UNHCR SOGI Guidelines (2012), para. 63.
449

72

albeit without any legal basis. The gravity of their effects calls for a better
circumscription in law is not foreseen In a DSSH precursor model of questioning
claimants about their sexual orientation addressed to the Canadian Immigration and
Refugee Board, LaViolette had underscored the futility of seeking ‘true answers’ to
questions over so intimate and subjective areas and has emphasised that the significance
of such questions is rather the consistency and plausibility to be enabled in the
responses elicited than the accuracy of the answers itself.451

451

LaViolette (2004), p. 12.

73

4. CONCLUSIONS
The practice of phallometry and other kind of medical tests and examinations, despite
concerning only a handful of Member-States has been found contrary to asylumseekers’ right not to be subject to degrading treatment and right to private life. The
CJEU has formally precluded medical tests assessing sexual orientation as a practice in
the asylum proceedings. Phallometry has been particularly condemned by the UNHCR,
the European Commission and NGOs. And even though in 2013 available sources
reported that phallometry had been abandoned by 2010,452 following condemnation in
different fora,453 recent research has sadly brought it to the limelight.454 Employing
medical tests and examinations in the refugee status determination context is contrary
to international human rights standards,455 the EU aquis and CJEU jurisprudence. The
practice has been found to contravene ECtHR judicial precedent in relation to Article 3
of ECHR prohibition of degrading treatment and Article 8 of ECHR right to private
life.
Psychological tests and experts’ reports have also been found contrary to Article 8 of
the ECtHR. The Advocate General’s Opinion on F case left much leeway to the
Hungarian courts to continue employing psychological tests to establish asylum
seekers’ sexual orientation.456 In a largely praiseworthy decision, the CJEU rejected the
use of such tests on the basis of EU law and on the Yogyakarta principles,457 thus
legitimising the Principles for the first time. Nevertheless, the CJEU missed the
opportunity of giving more weight to self-identification of asylum seekers’ sexual
orientation, simply reiterating its previous position the latter constitutes ‘merely the
starting point’ in the credibility assessment of an applicant’s sexual orientation.458
Moreover, for a third time, the CJEU shied away from providing positive guidance on
the credibility assessment of sexual orientation asylum claims. In sum, medical and
psychological tests and examinations, as well as relevant experts’ reports do not find

452

Śledzińska-Simon and Śmiszek (2013), p. 17; Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011) contend that the practice
was abandoned in 2009.
453
Jansen and Spijkerboer (2011), p. 52.
454
Mrazova (2018).
455
ECHR, art. 3 and 8; EU Charter, art. 3, 4 and 7; CAT, art. 16; ICCPR, art. 7 and 17.
456
Opinion of Advocate general Walh, paras. 49, 54-55 and 56.
457
Ferreira (2018), pp. 31-32.
458
F, para. 28.

74

place in credibility assessments of sexual orientation asylum claims which are
streamlined with human rights.
Until clear guidance will be provided by an authoritative source, documentary evidence
submitted should be taken into account in asylum claims, subject to its compatibility
with human rights standards. Though, it should not be considered an essential standard
of a credible sexual orientation. This finds no basis in law and could not be justified by
the factual circumstances underlying the different realities of seeking asylum and would
lead to massive queer evidence production trends. In relation to the latter, the relevance
of overall disbelief rates of sexual orientation-based claims cannot be negated. In sum,
documentary evidence may corroborate the credibility of an asylum claim, but in no
case should be considered the quintessence of a credible membership to the particular
social group of a queer person in the country of origin.
This thesis welcomes the rejection of sexually explicit documentary evidence, which
has been found contrary to Article 8 of the ECHR, however indicating that a blanket
ban would better be temporally limited to submissions of this kind created post-flight.
Evidence of queer NGO membership and socialisation as well as witnesses’ statements,
while providing indication of a person’s sexual orientation, should not be necessitated
to prove a person’s membership to a particular social group, and in any case the absence
thereof should not be conclusive on negative asylum decisions. Pre-flight evidence, if
available, is of more substantive value and should be accepted and given weight
whether it concerns previous activism or even if it is sexually explicit.
The difficulties of translating sexuality in evidence illustrate the prevalence of a culture
of disbelief in the EU asylum system, covering the persecution ground of sexual
orientation as well. Self-identification as lesbian or gay is indication of the individual’s
sexual orientation seems persistently overlooked. The A, B and C and F rulings have
missed the opportunity to render self-identification an important element in the
credibility assessment. It is evident that disbelief in relation to applicants’ membership
to a particular social group has prevailed even in light of documentary or other evidence
submitted. The futile pursuit of practices complementing or even substituting selfdeclaration of a person’s sexual orientation lies at the heart of this category of
credibility assessment practices. Even with sexually explicit documentation outside the
75

arena of permissible evidentiary submissions, the heightened burden of proof for queer
asylum seekers persists. Recent evidentiary practices of NGO certificates and implicit
requirements of personal photos perpetuate the vicious circle of disparate standards of
proof. Given the paucity of recent studies on documentary evidence in sexual
orientation-based asylum claims in the EU, one can only expect future publications to
further elucidate the matter.
In the bottom line, evidence, whether it concerns activists in the country of origin or
closeted persons coerced to participate in queer events, little has to say about the way a
person may experience their sexual orientation. Expressions of intimate matters, such
as sexual orientation, are very subjective and depend on incalculable factors. Overly
valuing the ‘social footprint’ of queerness reproduces the approach embedded in the
practice of sexually explicit documentation, simply with the different means of NGO
certifications and witness’ statements. The only difference is that in the stead of sexual
acts it is the social visibility labelling a person as lesbian or gay. Whether expecting
sexual acts or social affiliation and networking to prove sexual orientation, reflect preconceived

images

of

genuine

queerness,

echoing

homonormativity

and

homonationalism.
The practice of invasive, sexually explicit and intrusive questioning of sexual
orientation, was rejected by the CJEU as violating the right to private life. An ECtHR
reading of the practice has also concluded that this line of questioning breaches the right
to private life enshrined in Article 8 of the ECHR, as irrelevant and insufficient with
the aim of establishing a credible sexual orientation. Invasive questioning in addition
to involving impertinent questions in some instances, is also insufficient to establish an
asylum seeker’s sexual orientation, due to focusing on a very narrow aspect of sexual
identity, the reservations triggered to the respondents blocking articulate answers, as
well as the limited probative value of responses elicited in this way.
Questioning in interviews of persons seeking asylum on the basis of their sexual
orientation has fluctuated significantly the past decade. Following the A, B and C ruling,
States across the EU, particularly those employing the said practice, proceeded in policy
changes and banned intrusive questioning. Research indicates, though, that in some
countries intrusive questioning continues to be employed, thus perpetuating the
76

compromise of asylum seekers’ right to private life. Moreover, explicit questions on
sexual practices per se have given their place to questions over the feelings experienced
during sexual practices.
After the CJEU rejection of invasive questioning, internal elements have surfaced as
indicative of a person’s sexual orientation. The DSSH model, mainstreamed in asylum
interview guidelines, has encapsulated an approach in questioning, viewing difference,
stigma, shame and harm as common experiences for a majority of persons with nonheterosexual sexual orientation. In the stead of authorities eliciting details on sexual
acts and conducting intrusive questioning, feelings, processes and identities have come
to weigh in asylum interviews. This substitution has been taken to the other extreme
though, with decision makers disbelieving a claimed sexual orientation in the event the
applicant themselves focus on sexual relations in their narratives.
On the parallel, publications indicate a trend toward the ‘right identity’ that a queer
asylum seeker has to demonstrate in order to be credible, which is often premised on
expectations of victimhood narratives and preconceived ideas of genuine queer asylum
seekers. The ‘right identity’ pursuit often lends itself to a ‘rescue narrative’ of asylum
seekers, expected to present themselves as victimised others having fled to the safety
of the EU from their countries of origin, otherwise depicted as places of cruelty.
Developments in the area of questioning only underscore that guidelines are simply a
framework the implementation of which depends on decision makers. Their effect will
remain limited in as much as the decision makers applying them hold stereotypes and
prejudice against queer asylum seekers.459
The updated version of Yogyakarta Principles underscores the need of guidelines on
credibility assessment of sexual orientation-based asylum claims and stress States’ duty
to ‘ensure such assessments are determined in an objective and sensitive manner,
unhindered by stereotyping and cultural bias.460 Nonetheless, amendments aiming to
clarify the framework on credibility assessments are absent from the EU Council’s and
the Parliament’s recommendations for the new Regulation proposal to substitute the
recast Qualification Directive.461 The EU reluctance to establish a clear framework on

459

Struthers (2020), p. 15.
Yogyakarta Principles plus 10 (2017), Principle 23 (K).
461
European Parliament (2017); Mrazova (2018), p. 185-186.
460

77

credibility assessment, particularly in queer asylum claims is also evidenced by the
CJEU three relevant rulings, which have shied away from providing substantial
positive guidance on the matter.462

462

I.e. X, Y and Z; A, B and C and F.

78

BIBLIOGRAPHY
Treaties, Declarations and Recommendations
(CAT) Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment
or Punishment, United Nations General Assembly, concluded 10 December 1984,
UNTS 1465, entered into force 26 June 1987.
(Convention on Biology and Biomedicine) European Treaty Series - No. 164
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Dignity of the Human Being with
regard to the Application of Biology and Medicine: Convention on Human Rights and
Biomedicine, Oviedo, 04 April 1997.
(Asylum Procedures Directive) Council Directive 2005/85/EC of 1 December 2005 on
Minimum Standards on Procedures in Member States for Granting and Withdrawing
Refugee Status, Council of the European Union, concluded 1 December 2005, OJ L
326, entered into force 2 January 2006.
(Recast Qualification Directive) Council Directive 2011/95/EU of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011 on standards for the qualification
of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of international
protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary
protection, and for the content of the protection granted, (recast), 20 December 2011.
(Council Regulation No. 343/2003) Council Regulation (EC) No 343/2003 of 18
February 2003 establishing the criteria and mechanisms for determining the Member
State responsible for examining an asylum application lodged in one of the Member
States by a third-country national.
(Recast Asylum Procedures Directive) Directive 2013/32/EU of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on common procedures for granting and
withdrawing international protection.
(ECHR) European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental
Freedoms as amended by Protocols Nos. 11 and 14, Council of Europe, concluded 4
November 1950, ETS 5, entered into force 3 September 1953.

(EU Charter) Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union, Council of the
European Union, concluded 12 December 2007, 2012/C 326/02, entered into force 1
December 2009.
(ICCPR) International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, United Nations General
Assembly, concluded 16 December 1966, UNTS 171, entered into force 23 March
1976.
(New Pact on Migration and Asylum) COM/2020/609 final, Communication from the
Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the European Economic and
Social Committee and the committee of the regions on a New Pact on Migration and
Asylum.
(Patients’ rights in cross-border healthcare Directive, 2011) Directive 2011/24/EU of
the European Parliament and of the Council of 9 March 2011 on the application of
patients’ rights in cross-border healthcare.
(Qualification Directive) Council Directive 2004/83/EC of 29 April 2004 on Minimum
Standards for the Qualification and Status of Third Country Nationals or Stateless
Persons as Refugees or as Persons who otherwise need International Protection and the
content of the Protection Granted, Council of the European Union, signed 29 April
2004, OJ L. 304/12-304/23, entered into force 30 September 2004.
(Refugee Convention) Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, concluded 28 July
1951, 189 UNTS 137, entered into force 22 April 1954.
(1967 Protocol) Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, 606 UNTS 267, entered
into force 4 October 1967.
(EASO Regulation) Regulation (EU) No 439/2010 of the European Parliament and of
the Council of 19 May 2010 establishing a European Asylum Support Office, Recital
24.
(Regulation No 604/2013) Regulation (EU) No 604/2013 of the European Parliament
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 establishing the criteria and mechanisms for
determining the Member State responsible for examining an application for
international protection lodged in one of the Member States by a third-country national
or a stateless person (recast).

(UNHCR Statute) Statute of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees, General Assembly Resolution 428(v), Annex, UN Doc A/1775, adopted 14
December 1950.
(Yogyakarta Principles plus 10) International Service for Human Rights and ARC
International, The Yogyakarta Principles plus 10, Additional Principles and State
Obligations on the Application of International Human Rights Law in Relation to
Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity, Gender expression and Sex characteristics to
Complement the Yogyakarta Principles, 10 November 2017, Geneva.
(Yogyakarta Principles) International Commission of Jurists (ICJ), Yogyakarta
Principles - Principles on the application of international human rights law in relation
to sexual orientation and gender identity, March 2007, Yogyakarta.
(Schengen Agreement) Agreement between the Governments of the States of the
Benelux Economic Union, the Federal Republic of Germany and the French Republic
on the Agradual abolition of checks at their common borders.
(Schengen Convention) Convention implementing the Schengen Agreement of 14 June
1985 between the Governments of the States of the Benelux Economic Union, the
Federal Republic of Germany and the French Republic on the gradual abolition of
checks at their common borders.
Case law
CJEU
(A, B and C) A, B and C v. Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid en Justitie, C-148/13 – C150/13, 24 February 1997.
(F) F v. Bevándorlási és Állampolgársági Hivatal, C-473/16, 25 January 2018.
(Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston) A, B and C v. Staatssecretaris van Veiligheid
en Justitie, C-148/13 – C-150/13, Opinion of Advocate General Sharpston delivered on
17 July 2014.
(X, Y and Z) X, Y, Z v. Minister voor Immigratie en Asiel, C‑199/12 - C‑201/12, 7
November 2013.

(Opinion of Advocate General Walh) F v Bevándorlási és Menekültügyi Hivatal
(formerly Bevándorlási és Állampolgársági Hivatal), C‑473/16, Opinion of Advocate
General Walh delivered on 5 October 2017.
ECtHR
Axel Springer v. Germany, No. 39954/08, 7 February 2012.
Dudgeon v. the United Kingdom, No. 7525/76, 22 October 1981.
F.H. v. Sweden, No. 32621/06 (Judgment), 20 January 2009.
Goodwin v. the United Kingdom, No. 28957/95, 11 July 2002.
Jalloh v. Germany, No. 54810/00, Judgment, 11 July 2006.
Keenan v. the United Kingdom, No. 27229/95, 3 April 2001.
M.S.S. v. Belgium and Greece, No. 30696/09, Judgment, 21 January 2011.
Moldovan and Others v. Romania, Nos. 41138/98 and 64320/01, 12 July 2005.
Mozer v. the Republic of Moldova and Russia, No. 11138/10, 23 February 2016.
P.G. and J.H. v. the United Kingdom, No. 44787/98, Judgment, 25 September 2001.
Peck v. the United Kingdom, no. 44647/98, Judgment, 28 January 2003.
Pretty v. the United Kingdom, no. 2346/02, 29 April 2002.
Smith and Grady v. the United Kingdom, Nos. 33985/96 and 33986/96, 27 September
1999.
T.I. v. the United Kingdom, No. 43844/98, Decision as to the Admissibility, 7 March
2000.
Toomey v. United Kingdom, Application No. 37231/97, Final decision on the
admissibility, 14 September 1999.
Toomey v. United Kingdom, No. 37231/97, Decision on admissibility, 10 September
1998.
Tyrer v. the United Kingdom, No. 5856/72, 25 April 1978.
Van Kück v. Germany, No. 35968/9712, June 2003.

Worwa v. Poland, No. 26624/95, Judgement, 27 November 2003.
Y.F. v. Turkey, No. 24209/922, July 2003.
Y.F. v. Turkey, no. 24209/94, Judgment, 22 July 2003.
Z. v. Finland, No. 9/1996/627/811, 25 February 1997.
Other
Chemnitz Verwaltungsgericht, No. A 2 K 304/0611, Germany, July 2008
Children’s Aid Society of the Region of Peel v. S.R.-T, OJ No 6141, Canada, 2003.
Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal
Tribunal and Another, Ex Parte Shah (A.P.), House of Lords (Judicial Committee),
Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom, 25 March 1999.
Toonen v. Australia, Communication No. 488/1992, Human Rights Committee, U.N.
Doc CCPR/C/50/D/488/1992, 1994.
N.E.E. v. Ministerstvo vnitra, Ruling 5, No. 53/2016-26, Chech Republic, 11 August
2016.
N97/15882 [1997] RRTA 3396, Refugee Review Tribunal of Australia, 5 September
1997.
Matter of Acosta, Interim Decision No. 2986, 1 March 1985.
Neustadt/Weinstraße Verwaltungsgericht, No 3 K 753/07. NW, Germany, 8 September
2008
R v. the Secretary of the Home Department ex parte Varciu, Special Adjudicator’s
Report, Appeal No. HX/70517/94, 28 April 1995.
RRT Reference 060635653 (23 October 2006), decision not publicly available, cited
from Berg and Millbank (2009).
Schleswig- Holsteinisches Verwaltungsgericht, Az. 6 B 32/09, Germany 7 September
2009.
Supreme Court, Attorney General v. Ward, 2 S.C.R. 689, Canada, 30 June 1993.

Supreme Court, HJ (Iran) and HT (Cameroon) v. Secretary of State for the Home
Department, UKSC 31, United Kingdom, 7 July 2010.
United States. v. Powers, 59 F.3d 1460, 1471, 4th Cir., 1995.
Verwaltungsgericht Wiesbaden

[VGW].

Judgment

of

Apr. 26,

1983, No.

IV/I E 06244/81.
Monographs and Articles
Akin, Deniz (2015), 'Assessing Sexual Orientation-Based Persecution, A Closer Look
at the Norwegian Practices of Asylum Evaluation of Gay and Lesbian Claimants,
Lambda Nordica, 20:1, pp. 17-42.
Akin, Deniz (2016), Queer asylum seekers: translating sexuality in Norway, Journal of
Ethnic and Migration Studies, 43:3, pp. 458-474.
Akin, Deniz (2019), Discursive Construction of Genuine LGBT Refugees, Lambda
Nordica, 23:3-4, pp. 21-46.
Aleinikoff, Thomas Alexander (2001), ‘Protected characteristics and social
perceptions: An analysis of the meaning of ‘membership of a particular social group’,
in: E. Feller, V. Turk and F. Nicholson (eds.), ‘Refugee Protection in International Law:
UNHCR’s Global Consultations on International Protection’, Cambridge University
Press, pp. 263-312.
Anker, Deborah and Ardalan, Sadi (2012). ‘Escalating Persecution of Gays and
Refugee Protection: Comment on Queer Rfugees Make Bad Law’, International Law
and Politics, Vol. 44:529, pp. 529-557.
Begazo, Maria Guadalupe (2019), ‘The Membership of a Particular Social Group
Ground in LGBTI Asylum Cases Under EU Law and European Case-Law: Just Another
Example of Social Group or an Independent Ground?’, in: A. Güler et al. (eds.), LGBTI
Asylum Seekers and Refugees from a Legal and Political Perspective, Springer Nature
Switzerland AG, pp. 165- 184.
Berg, Laurie and Millbank, Jenni (2009), ‘Constructing the Personal Narratives of
Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual Asylum Claimants’, Journal of Refugee Studies, Vol. 22:2,
pp. 195-223.

Berlit, Uwe and Doerig, Harald and Storey, Hugo (2015), ‘Credibility Assessment in
Claims based on Persecution for Reasons of Religious Conversion and Homosexuality:
A Practitioners Approach’, International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol. 27:4, pp. 649–
666.
Briddock, Allan (2016), ‘The Recognition of Refugees Based on Sexual Orientation
and Gender Identity in the UK: An Overview of Law and Procedure’, Birkbeck Law
Review, Vol. 4:1, pp. 123-157.
Chelvan, S. (2013), ‘From Silence to Safety: Protecting the Gay Refugee’, Councel,
May 2013, pp. 26–28.
Choi, Venice (2010), ‘Living Discreetly: A Catch 22 in Refugee Status Determinations
on the Basis of Sexual Orientation’, Brooklyn Journal of International Law, Vol. 36:1,
pp. 241240-263.
Dawson, Jasmine and Gerber, Paula (2017), ‘Assessing the Refugee Claims of LGBTI
People: Is the DSSH Model Useful for Determining Claims by Women for Asylum
Based on Sexual Orientation’ International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol. 29:2, pp. 292–
322.
Dauvergne, Catherine and Millbank, Jenni (2003b), ‘Before the High Court: Applicants
S396/2002 and S395/2002, a Gay Refugee Couple from Bangladesh’, Sydney Law
Review, Vol. 25:97, pp. 97-124.
Dustin, Moira (2018), ‘Many Rivers to Cross: The Recognition of LGBTQI Asylum in
the UK’, International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol. 20:20, pp. 1–24.
Dustin, Moira and Held, Nina (2018), ‘In or out? A queer intersectional approach to
‘particular social group’ membership and credibility in SOGI asylum claims in
Germany and the UK’, Genius, Vol. 5:2, pp. 74-87.
Ferreira, Nuno (2018), ‘Reforming the Common European Asylum System: Enough
Rainbow for Queer Asylum Seekers?’, Genius, Vol. 5:2, pp. 25-42.
Ferreira, Nuno and Venturi, Denise (2017), ‘Tell Me What You See and I’ll Tell You
If You’re Gay: Analysing the Advocate General’s Opinion in Case C-473/16, F v
Bevándorlási És Állampolgársági Hivatal’, EU Immigration and Asylum Law and
Policy, 16 October 2018.

Ferreira, Nuno and Venturi, Denise (2018), ‘Testing the untestable: The CJEU’s
decision in Case C-473/16, F v Bevándorlási és Állampolgársági Hivatal’, European
Database of Asylum Law, retrieved from: Testing the untestable: The CJEU’s decision
in Case C-473/16, F v Bevándorlási és Állampolgársági Hivatal | European Database
of Asylum Law (asylumlawdatabase.eu), accessed in 18/04/2021.
Fullerton, Maryellen (1990), ‘Persecution Due to Membership in a Particular Social
Group: Jurisprudence in the Federal Republic of Germany’, Georgetown Immigration
Law Journal, Vol. 4: 381, pp 381-444.
Giametta, Calogero (2018), ‘New asylum protection categories and elusive filtering
devices: The case of ‘Queer asylum’ in France and the UK’, Journal of Ethnic and
Migration Studies, Vol. 46:1, pp. 142-157.
Goodman, Ryan (2012), “Asylum and the Concealment of Sexual Orientation: Where
Not to Draw the Line”, New York University Journal of International Law and Politics,
Vol. 44:2, pp. 407-436.
Gray, Amanda and McDowall, Alexandra (2013). ‘LGBT refugee protection in the UK:
from discretion to belief?’, Forced Migration Review, Vol. 42: 22, pp. 22-25.
Grønningsæter, Andrea Gustafsson (2017). ‘Establishing a sexual identity: The
Norwegian immigration authorities practice in sexuality-based asylum cases, paper for
the conference ‘Out & Proud? LGBTI asylum in Europe Conference’, COC
Netherlands, 5-6 October 2017.
Hathaway, James and Hicks, William S. (2005), ‘Is there a Subjective Element in the
Refugee Convention's Requirement of 'Well-Founded Fear'?’, Michigan Journal of
International Law, Vol. 26:2, pp. 505-562.
Hathaway, James C., and Pobjoy, Jason, (2012), “Queer Cases Make Bad Law”, New
York University Journal of International Law and Politics, Vol. 44: 2, pp. 315-389.
Hathaway, James C. and Foster, Michelle. (2014), (2nd ed.), “The Law of Refugee
Status”, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Henes, Brian F., (1994), “The Origin and Consequences of Recognizing Homosexuals
as a Particular Social Group for Refugee Purposes”, Temple International and
Comparative Law Journal, Vol. 8: 2, pp. 377-402.

Jacobs, Francis; White, Robin; Ovey, Clare (Eds.). (2014), 6th Edition, “The European
Convention on Human Rights”, Hampshire: Oxford University Press.
Janmyr, M. (2014). ‘Norway’s Readmission Agreements: Spellbound by European
Union Policies or Free Spirits on the International Field?’, European Journal of
Migration and Law, Vol. 16:2, pp. 181-208.
Jansen, Sabine and Spijkerboer, Thomas. (2011), “Fleeing Homophobia, Asylum
Claims Related with Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity in Europe”, COC
Netherlands and Vrije Universiteit of Amsterdam.
Jansen, Sabine (2019) ‘Pride or Shame: Assessing LGBTI Asylum Applications in the
Netherlands Following the XYZ and ABC Judgments’, COC Netherlands: Amsterdam.
Johnson, Paul (2012). Homosexuality and the European Court of Human Rights, Taylor
& Francis Group.
Johnson, Paul. (2014) “Pornography and the European Convention on Human Rights”,
Porn Studies, Vol. 1:3, pp. 35-336.
Kagan, Michael. (2003), “Is Truth in the Eye of the Beholder? Objective Credibility
Assessment in Refugee Status Determination”, University of Nevada, Las Vegas,
Scholarly Works, Paper 633, Vol. 17: 367, pp. 367-414.
Kahn, Sarilee and Alessi, Edward J. (2017), “Coming Out Under the Gun: Exploring
the Psychological Dimensions of Seeking Refugee Status for LGBT Claimants in
Canada”, Journal of Refugee Studies, Vol. 31: 1, pp. 22-41.
Kendall, Christopher N. (2003), “Lesbian and Gay Refugees in Australia: Now that
‘Acting Discreetly’ is no Longer an Option, will Equality be Forthcoming?”,
International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol. 15: 4, pp. 715-749.
Kobelinsky (2015), ‘Judging Intimacies at the French Court of Asylum’, Political and
Legal Anthropology Review, Vol. 38: 2, pp. 338-355.
LaViolette, Nicole (2004) ‘Sexual Orientation and the Refugee Determination Process:
Questioning a Claimant about Their Membership in the Particular Social Group’
Training Manual for Immigration and Refugee Board (IRB) Members, last updated:
May 2004, online: Social Science Research Network.

LaViolette, Nicole (1997), ‘The Immutable Refugees: Sexual Orientation in Canada
(A.G.) v. Ward’, University of Toronto Faculty of Law Review, Vol. 55:1, pp. 1-41.
LaViolette, Nicole (2010), ‘UNHCR Guidance Note on Refugee Claims Relating to
Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity: A Critical Commentary’, International Journal
of Refugee Law, Vol. 22: 2, pp. 173-208.
Lewis, Rachel A. (2014), ‘Gay? Prove it: The politics of queer anti-deportation
activism’, Sexualities, Vol. 17: 8, pp. 958–975.
Llewellyn, Cheryl (2016), ‘Homonationalism and sexual orientation-based asylum
cases in the United States’, Sexualities, Vol. 20:5-6, pp. 682-698.
Lalumiere, Martin L. and Harris, Grant T. (1998), ‘Common Questions Regarding the
Use of Phallometric Testing with Sexual Offenders’, Sexual Abuse: A Journal of
Research and Treatment, Vol. 10:3, pp. 227-237.
Murray, David (2014), ‘Real Queer: ‘Authentic’ LGBT Refugee Claimants and
Homonationalism in the Canadian Refugee System’, Anthropologica, Vol. 56: 1, pp.
21-32.
Murray, David (2016), ‘Queer Forms: Producing Documentation in Sexual Orientation
Refugee Cases’, Anthropological Quarterly, Vol. 89:2, pp. 465-484.
McGhee, Derek (2000), “Accessing Homosexuality: Truth, Evidence and the Legal
Practices for Determining Refugee Status – The Case of Ioan Vraciu”, Body and
Society, Vol. 6:1, pp. 29-50.
Marshall, Williams L. and Fernandez, Yolanda M. (2000), Phallometric Testing with
Sexual Offenders: Limits to its Value, Clinical Psychology Review, Vol. 20: 7, pp. 807–
822.
Marshall, Williams L. (2014), ‘Phallometric Assessments of Sexual Interests: An
Update’, Current Psychiatry Reports, Vol. 16:1.
Marouf, Fatma E. (2008), ‘The Emerging Importance of ‘Social Visibility’ in Defining
a ‘Particular Social Group’ and its Potential Impact on Asylum Claims Related to
Sexual Orientation and Gender’, Yale Law and Policy Review. Vol. 27:47, pp. 47-106.

Millbank, Jenni (2002), ‘Imagining Otherness: Refugee Claims on the Basis of
Sexuality in Canada and Australia’, Melbourne University Law Review, Vol. 26:1, pp.
144-177.
Millbank, Jenni (2005), A Preoccupation with Perversion: The British Response to
Refugee Claims on the basis of Sexual Orientation, 1989–2003’, Social and Legal
Studies, Vol. 14:1, pp. 115–138.
Millbank, Jenni (2009a), ‘The Ring of Truth: A Case Study of Credibility Assessment
in Particular Social Group Refugee Determinations’, International Journal of Refugee
Law, Vol. 21:1, pp. 1-33.
Millbank, Jenni (2009b), ‘From Discretion to Disbelief: Recent Trends in Refugee
Determinations on the Basis of Sexual Orientation in Australia and the United
Kingdom’, The International Journal of Human Rights, Vol. 13: 2-3, pp. 391-414.
Millbank, Jenni, (2012), ‘The Right of Lesbians and Gay Men to Live Freely, Openly,
and on Equal Terms Is Not Bad Law: A Reply to Hathaway and Pobjoy’, New York
University Journal of International Law and Politics, Vol. 44: 2, pp. 497-527.
Mrazova, Andrea (2018), ‘Legal Requirements to Prove Asylum Claims Based on
Sexual Orientation: A Comparison Between the CJEU and ECtHR Case Law’, in:
Güler, Arzu and Shevtsova, Maryna and Venturi, Denise (Eds.), ‘LGBTI Asylum
Seekers and Refugees from a Legal and Political Perspective’, Springer, pp. 185-207.
O’Flaherty, Michael and Fisher, John (2008), ‘Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and
International Human Rights Law: Contextualising the Yogyakarta Principles’, Human
Rights Law Review, Vol. 8:2, pp. 207-248.
O'Flaherty, Michael (2015), ‘The Yogyakarta Principles at Ten’, Nordic Journal of
Human Rights, Vol. 33:4, pp. 280-298.
O’Leary, Barry (2008). ‘We Cannot Claim Any Particular Knowledge of the Ways of
Homosexuals, Still Less of Iranian Homosexuals…: The Particular Problems Facing
Those Who Seek Asylum on the Basis of their Sexual Identity’, Feminist Legal Studies,
Vol. 16: 1, pp. 87-95.

Sledzinska-Simon, Anna, & Smiszek, Krzysztof (2013), ‘LGBTI asylum claims: The
Central and Eastern European perspective’, Forced Migration Review, 42: 16, pp. 16–
18.
Spijkerboer, Thomas (2018). Gender, Sexuality, Asylum and European Human Rights.
Law Critique, Vol. 29: 3, pp. 221–239.
Tschalaer, Mengia (2020), ‘Between queer liberalisms and Muslim masculinities:
LGBTQI+ Muslim asylum assessment in Germany, Ethnic and Racial Studies, Vol.
43:7, 1265-1283.
Wessels, Janna, (2011), “Sexual orientation in Refugee Status Determination”, Refugee
Studies Centre, Oxford Department of International Development, University of
Oxford.
Wessels, Janna (2012), ‘HJ (Iran) and HT (Cameroon) – Reflections on a new test for
sexuality-based asylum claims in Britain’, International Journal of Refugee Law, Vol.
24: 4 pp. 815–839.
Wessels, Janna, (2013), ‘Discretion in sexuality-based asylum cases: An adaptive
phenomenon’, in T.P. Spijkerboer (ed.), ‘Fleeing Homphobia. Sexual Orientation,
Gender Identity and Asylum’, Routledge, pp. 55-81.
Wessels, Janna (2017). ‘Publicly Manifested—Fatefully Determined—Invariably
‘‘Discreet’’: The Assessment of Sexuality-Based Asylum Claims in Germany and
France’, Canadian Journal of Women and the Law, Volume 29: 2, pp. 343-374.
UNHCR Publications
(UNHCR Note, 1998) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Note on
Burden and Standard of Proof in Refugee Claims, Geneva, 16 December 1998.
(UNHCR MPSG, 2002) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, “Guidelines
on International Protection: “Membership of a Particular Social Group” Within the
Context of Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention, and/or Its 1967 Protocol Relating to
the Status of Refugees”, HCR/GIP/02/02, Geneva, 7 May 2002.
(UNHCR Guidance Note, 2008) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees,
Guidance Note on Refugee Claims Relating to Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity,
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) Protection Policy and

Legal Advice Section Division of International Protection Services, Geneva, 21
November 2008.
(UNHCR Discussion Paper, 2010) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees,
Discussion Paper on the Protection of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and
Intersex Asylum Seekers and Refugees, Geneva, 22 September 2010.
(UNHCR Handbook, 2011) United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees,
Handbook and Guidelines on Procedures and Criteria for Determining Refugee Status
under the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees,
Geneva 1979, Reissued December 2011, HCR/1P/4/ENG/REV. 3.
(UNHCR Informal meeting 2011), United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees,
Summary Report, Informal Meeting of Experts on Refugee Claims relating to Sexual
Orientation and Gender Identity, 10 September 2011, pp. 10-11.
(UNHCR Comments on Phallometry, 2011) United Nations High Commissioner on
Refugees, UNHCR’s Comments on the Practice of Phallometry in the Czech Republic
to Determine the Credibility of Asylum Claims based on Persecution due to Sexual
Orientation, April 2011.
(UNHCR SOGI Guidelines, 2012) United Nations High Commissioner of Refugees,
Guidelines in International Protection No. 9, Claims to Refugee Status based on Sexual
Orientation and/or Gender Identity within the context of Article 1A(2) of the 1951
Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, Geneva, 23
October 2012, HCR/GIP/12/09.
(UNHCR Beyond Proof, 2013) United Nations High Commissioner of Refugees,
Beyond Proof, Credibility Assessment in EU Asylum Systems, Brussels: European
Refugee Fund of the European Commission, May 2013.
(UNHCR Written Observations in CJEU, 2013) UN High Commissioner for Refugees
(UNHCR), Written Observations of the United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees in the cases of A and Others (C-148/13, 149/13 and 150/13), 21 August 2013,
C-148/13, C-149/13 & C-150/13
(UNHCR Oral Submissions CJEU, 2014) United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees, UNHCR's Oral Submissions at the Court of Justice of the European Union:

Hearing of the case of Minister voor Immigratie en Asiel v A, B and C, 25 February
2014, C-148/13, C-149/13 & C-150/13.
(UNHCR Comments ,2018) UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), UNHCR
Comments on the European Commission Proposal for a Qualification Regulation –
COM

(2016)

466,

February

2018,

retrieved

from:

https://www.refworld.org/docid/5a7835f24.html, accessed in: 18/04/2021.
(IOM and UNHCR Training Module 2, 2016) International Organisation for Migration
and UN High Commissioner for Refugees, Training Module 3, Facilitation Guide,
Working with Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender & Intersex Persons in Forced
Displacement,

retrieved

from:

https://lgbti.iom.int/sites/default/files/Module%202%20Conducting%20interviews/M
odule%2002_Facilitation%20Guide_Nov2016.pdf, accessed in: 18/04/2021.
Other Documents and Publications
(CJEU Study, 2017) Sheridan, Caoimhe; Taylor, Amanda; van Krimpen, Isa;
Zelvenska, Julia. European Council on Refugees and Exiles, “Preliminary Deference?
The impact of the Court of Justice of the EU in cases X.Y.Z., A.B.C. and Cimade and
Gisti on national law and the use of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights”, March
2017.
(CoE, 2011) Council of Europe, ‘Discrimination on Grounds of Sexual Orientation and
Gender Identity in Europe’, Council of Europe Publishing, September 2011.
(European Commission Patients’ Rights Report, 2016) European Commission,
‘Patients’ Rights in the European Union Mapping eXercise – Final Report’,
Publications Office of the European Union, March 2016.
(European Commission 2016) COM/2016/0466 final, Proposal for a REGULATION
OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL on standards for the
qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of
international protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for
subsidiary protection and for the content of the protection granted and amending
Council Directive 2003/109/EC of 25 November 2003 concerning the status of thirdcountry nationals who are long-term residents.

(European Parliament 2017) COM(2016)0466, Report on the Proposal for a Regulation
of the European Parliament and of the Council on Standards for the Qualification of
Third-Country Nationals or Stateless Persons as Beneficiaries of International
Protection, for a Uniform Status for Refugees or for Persons Eligible for Subsidiary
Protection and for the Content of the Protection Granted and Amending Council
Directive 2003/109/EC of 25 November 2003 Concerning the Status of Third-Country
Nationals Who Are Long-Term Residents, 2017.
(FRA, 2010) Fundamental Rights Agency, ‘Homophobia, transphobia and
discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity’, Publications
Office of the European Union, 2010.
(FRA, 2017) European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights, “Current migration
situation in the EU: Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex asylum seekers”,
Luxembourg: Publications Office of the European Union, March 2017.
(FRA, 2020) Fundamental Rights Agency, ‘Handbook on European law relating to
asylum, borders and immigration’, Publications Office of the European Union,
December 2020.
(Conference of Plenipotentiaries 1951) Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Status of
Refugees and Stateless Persons: Summary record of the 3rd meeting, held at the Palais
des Nations, Geneva, on Tuesday, 3 July 1951. UN Doc. A/CONF.2/SR.3, 19
November 1951.
(HRC Report, 2013) General Assembly Resolution, Report of the Special Rapporteur
on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, Juan E.
Méndez to the Human Rights Council, UN Doc. A/HRC/22/53, February 2013.
(HuHeCo, 2015) Gyulai, Gábor (Ed.) and Singer, Debora and Chelvan, S. and GivenWilson, Zoe. ‘Credibility Assessment in Asylum Procedures. A Multi-disciplinary
Training Manual. Vol. 2’, Hungarian Helsinki Committee, 2015.
(ICJ, 2014) ‘X, Y and Z: a glass half full for “rainbow refugees”? The ICJ’s
observations on the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union in X, Y
and Z v. Minister voor Immigratie en Asiel of 7 November 2013’, International
Commission of Jurists, June 2014.

(ICJ, 2016) Hooper, Louise and Zilli, Lavio, “Refugee Status Claims Based on Sexual
Orientation and Gender Identity: A Practitioner’s Guide”, Geneva: International
Commission of Jurists, February 2016.
(IFEG, 2016) Independent Forensic Expert Group, (2016) Statement on Anal
Examinations in Cases of Alleged Homosexuality, Torture, Vol. 26: 2, pp. 85-91.
(ORAM, 2011) Organisation for Refugee, Asylum and Migration, “Testing Sexual
Orientation: a Scientific and Legal Analysis of Plethysmography in Asylum and
Refugee Status Proceedings”, ORAM, December 2011.
(UKLIG, 2013) United Kingdom Lesbian and Gay Immigration Group, ‘Missing the
Mark, Decision making on Lesbian, Gay (Bisexual, Trans and Intersex) Asylum
Claims’, UNISON, September 2013.
(Vine Report (2014) ) Vine, John (2014). An Investigation into the Home Office’s
Handling of Asylum Claims Made on the Grounds of Sexual Orientation. Report of the
Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration. UK: Williams Lea Group on
behalf of the Controller of Her Majesty’s Stationery Office, March-June 2014.
(WHO, 2014) Bulletin of the World Health Organisation, (2014), Proposed
declassification of disease categories related to sexual orientation in the International
Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems (ICD-11), 2014:92,
pp. 672-679.
Jansen, Sabine (2014), ‘Good practices related to LGBTI asylum applicants in Europe’,
International Lesbian and Gay Association Europe, Le Déroff, Joël (ed.).
Lukac, Enes and Eriksson, Hjalmar (2017). LGBT Asylum Seekers in Sweden
Conceptualising Queer Migration Beyond the Concept of “Safe Third Country”.
Oxford Research Report.
SOGICA (2020) Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity Claims of Asylum, ‘Queering
Asylum in Europe: A Survey Report’, July 2020.
Struthers, Katrina (2020). ‘LGBTI Refugee Protection in a Culture of Disbelief: The
impact of integration’, Refugee Law Initiative Working Paper No. 50.
UK Home Office (2016) UK Home Office, ‘Asylum Policy instruction: Sexual
orientation in asylum claims. Version 6.0’, August 2014.

Other Sources
American Psychological Association, (2008), ‘Answers to your questions: For a better
understanding

of

sexual

orientation

and

homosexuality’,

retrieved

from:

www.apa.org/topics/lgbt/orientation.pdf, accessed on 13/05/2021.
(Asylum Aid (2017)) Consonant (formerly Asylum Aid), ‘Inspection of Asylum
Casework of the Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration, Asylum Aid
response

–

8th

June

2017’,

8

June

2017,

retrieved

from: https://www.refworld.org/docid/5948f32f4.html, accessed on 13/05/2021.
(Brexit: EU-UK relationship) Eur-Lex, Access to European Law, ‘Brexit: EU-UK
relationship’,

retrieved

from:

https://eur-lex.europa.eu/content/news/Brexit-UK-

withdrawal-from-the-eu.html#1.SearchLink, accessed on 13/05/2021.
Cambridge

Online

Dictionary,

retrieved

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/credibility,

from:

accessed

on

13/05/2021.
EMN (2016)

European Migration Network, ‘EMN Ad-Hoc Query on NL AHQ on

national asylum policies regarding LGBT-asylum seekers’, May 2016.
(European Commission, 2011) European Commission, ‘Answer given by Ms
Malmström on behalf of the Commission’, OJ C 279 E, retrieved from:
https://www.europarl.europa.eu/doceo/document/E-7-2010-010829ASW_EN.html?redirect, accessed on 13/05/2021.
The

Guardian,

‘Gay

asylum

seekers

face

humiliation’,

retrieved

from:

https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/feb/08/gay-asylum-seekers-humiliationhome-office, accessed on 13/05/2021.
Watson Fowler, Henry and Fowler, Francis George and Thompson, Della (1995), ‘The
Concise Oxford Dictionary’, Oxford University Press.
WHO (2018). International classification of diseases for mortality and morbidity
statistics (11th Revision).

World

Health

Organisation.

Retrieved

from https://icd.who.int/browse11/l-m/en , accessed on 13/05/2021.
UK Parliament, Home Affairs Committee, ‘The assessment of credibility of women, …
victims of torture .. within the decision making process and whether this is reflected in

appeal

outcomes’,

retrieved

from:

https://publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201314/cmselect/cmhaff/71/71vw32008_HC
71_01_VIRT_HomeAffairs_ASY-35.htm, accessed on 13/05/2021.

