K. Magnus H. Thölix

Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
A Ludologist Approach

Master’s Thesis in Information
Systems
Supervisor: Anna Sell
Faculty of Social Sciences, Business
and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
Åbo 2021

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
1

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY - FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES,
BUSINESS, AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for master’s thesis
Subject: Governance of Digitalization
Writer: K. Magnus H. Thölix
Title: Emotion Inducing Web Shopping. A Ludologist Approach.
Supervisor: Anna Sell
Abstract:
Emotions impact everyday decision-making. Businesses use techniques to influence consumer behaviour
to create positive mood states. These mood states can alter customer purchasing behaviour to lead to
increased spending, customer loyalty, customer retention, and reduced decision time. In retail stores the
business has a greater influence on the mood state of the consumer as they are interacting with the business
and products. Online the environment the customer finds themselves in is out of control for the business.
This study explores how emotion is presented in game design literature, and its applicability to contexts
outside of games. The study uses theory from ludology/game design to create engagement with customers
of online web stores. Three prototypes were developed and tested. Qualitative interviews and three
questionnaires were used as the data collection method for the study.
The results suggest a positive correlation between the inclusion of narrative elements into the online
shopping activity loop. The findings suggest a greater positive effect of comedic narrative elements
compared to serious narrative elements. Characterisation in a pop-up received mixed results. Few general
conclusions could be drawn from the inclusion of atmospheric elements. The implementations of the
atmospherics in this study received a significant negative response. The narrative elements could reduce
the negative emotions associated with other website features.
Keywords: Game Design, Ludology, Emotion, Online, Web Shop, Flow, Digital Atmospherics,
Narrative, Marketing, Gamification
Year: 2021

1

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
2

Acknowledgements
I would like to express my gratitude for my thesis supervisor, Anna Sell, Docent, Information
Systems at Åbo Akademi University, who supported me every step of the way in writing this
thesis. Her guidance and source of inspiration and motivation were crucial to achieving the end
result. I also wish to express my gratitude to Anssi Öörni, Professor, Information Systems at Åbo
Akademi for his work at supporting the students throughout the writing process.
I am thankful to my friends and the respondents who partook in the survey and testing of the
prototype. Without their help and feedback this study would not have been possible. Their insight
has been valuable for the development of many aspects of the study.
I would like to thank my family who believed in me and cheered me on even through tough times
and through the coronavirus pandemic. Their support has been a blessing and boon. Lastly, I hope
to honor the memory of those no longer with us. I am grateful for the support and love they have
shown me and live to meet their expectations
.

2

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
3

Acknowledgements

2

1 INTRODUCTION

5

1.1 Research objective and purpose

6

1.2 Research questions

7

1.3 Structure of the research

7

2 LITERATURE REVIEW
2.1 Why is online shopping important?
2.2 Emotions Govern Spending
2.3 Digital Atmospherics
2.4 Affective Computing
2.5 Emotion in Game Design Theory
2.6 Defining the Flow State
2.7 Narrative in Games
2.7.1 Game Mechanics
2.7.2. Character
2.8 Summary

9
9
11
15
19
21
29
32
37
38
41

3. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY AND RESULTS
3.1 Prototype 1: Basic Webstore
3.2 Prototype 2: Halloween
3.3 Prototype 3: Narrative
3.4 Interviews

43
46
48
51
52

4. DATA ANALYSIS & DISCUSSION
54
4.1 Emotional Response Analysis
54
4.2 Prototype Analysis
56
4.3 Research Questions
59
4.3.1 RQ1. Does the inclusion of game based features increase the positive affect
experienced among web-shoppers?
59
4.3.2 RQ2. Do narrative elements that are incorporated onto a webshop enhance the
shopping experience?
59
4.3.3 RQ3. Does the inclusion of atmospherics increase affect among web-shoppers? 59
4.4 Limitations
60
5. CONCLUSION
5.1 Future Research

61
62

6. Summary in Swedish - Svensk Sammanfattning
6.1 Inledning
6.2 Syfte och forskningsfrågor

63
63
63

3

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
4

6.3 Teori
6.4 Metod och datainsamling
6.5 Resultat
REFERENCES

64
65
66
68

4

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
5

1 INTRODUCTION
The internet is ever expanding, and increasing volume of traffic occurs as more and more of the
world’s population gains access to, or gains increased access to, the world wide web. Many
businesses have shifted away from brick-and-mortar stores to fully web-based shops, and this trend
continues. This trend has been further heightened during the Covid-19 pandemic that started in
2019, and has led to an increase in online shopping activity and expenditure (Unctad, 2020). It
should be noted that certain industries have seen a decline in average expenditure, such as tourism,
electronics and fashion, while others, such as food & drink, books & media and DIY items, are the
main source of the increase in expenditure (Unctad, 2020). Sabanoglu (2021) reports the global
retail e-commerce to amount to 4.28 trillion US dollars and is projected to increase further in 2021.
Online shopping has continued in an upwards trend, even discounting the pandemic. Even
businesses that provide primarily offline services have a need of websites or even webstores as a
secondary market. Having no online presence is becoming increasingly rare for a business, and
many are a hybrid of both online and offline businesses. This means there is a decreased need for
the customer to be at the store to interact with the business, and can do this on his own terms, rather
than those set by the business.
Businesses have less control over their customers' experience on a webstore compared to a brickand-mortar store. This stems from two features of brick-and-mortar stores: staff interaction and
atmospherics. The customer’s experience with the business can be influenced by his interactions
with the staff representing the business. Some businesses have customer service opportunities built
into their webshop or a telephone number that can be dialed. Yet at the point of sale on a webshop
there is little interaction with the business itself other than a virtual shopping cart and the transfer
of funds. Similarly, atmospherics also have an impact on the customer’s experience with the
business. Music and ambiance in the mortar-and-brick store can invoke emotions in the customer,
affecting the customer’s purchasing behaviours and experiences. This allows the business to create
a beneficial shopping environment. Approach behaviours are heightened in pleasant environments
(Szymkowiak, Gaczek, Jeganathan & Kulawik, 2020) and customers’ emotions during shopping
affect impulse buying behaviour (Destari, Ingraningrat & Putri, 2019).

5

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
6

To invoke emotion in the user is not just about changing the purchasing behaviour of the customers
but to create memorable and positive experiences between the customer and the business. Through
positive experiences loyalty among the customer base can be increased. Higher pleasure in the
shopping environment increases the customer’s willingness to participate in shopping behaviour.
It can be difficult to measure intangible benefits that emotional engagement provides. An increased
number of returning customers or an increase in customer expenditure can be measured and
previous studies have linked brand loyalty and consumer’s webstore trust with increased shopping
intention (Doong, Wang & Foxall, 2011).

1.1 Research objective and purpose
This thesis aims to give insight into the emotions customers browsing webstores feel and how
these emotions can be affected by the webstore. The mood and life situation of the consumer can
play a major role in the purchasing decisions a consumer makes and the experiences the consumer
has when interacting with a business. Controlling consumers' mood and emotional experiences is
a greater challenge online than in retail settings. Consumers may access the online service from
any place and setting the consumers may choose, and sometimes those settings are not conducive
to shopping, despite this being the activity they take part in. The objective of this thesis is therefore
to explore avenues available to webshops to induce emotion through new website features or
atmospherics. Specifically, the avenues explored in this thesis are the inclusion of narratives in the
shopping experience, web-based atmospherics and characterisation.
Literature about emotional design or ‘emotioneering’ has been presented in the game design space,
and serves as a basis for the new features. The goal of this thesis falls into the gamification space,
where one uses game elements in a non-gaming environment (Deterding, Dixon, Khaled, Nacke,
2011), but also shares many similarities with the original definition of using game elements to
improve user interface (Spanellis, Dörfler & Macbryde, 2016). The focus of this thesis is on the
emotional aspect of game design and is further limited in scope in the focus on a webstore rather
than all web services. The thesis seeks to provide a viability study rather than strict guidelines or
frameworks and can serve as the basis for further research.

6

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
7

1.2 Research questions
The main objective of this thesis is to provide evidence for a change in customers’ emotional
engagement when features based on game design theory are added to the site. These features are
studied in relation to the effect on the shopping experience. In addition, atmospherics and visual
design elements and the impact on the affect of the shopper are explored. Three research questions
have been formulated as the core objective of the research:
RQ1: Does the inclusion of game based features increase the positive affect experienced among
web-shoppers?
RQ2: Can narrative elements be incorporated onto a webshop to enhance the shopping experience?
RQ3: Does the inclusion of atmospherics increase affect among web-shoppers?

1.3 Structure of the research
This part provides a synopsis for the chapters of the study. This is to clarify and present to the
reader the structure and justification of the research. The study contains six chapters. This is the
first, providing a brief introduction and overview as well as justification for the importance of the
research. The second chapter provides literary background to the research question and the
research. This includes a review of online shopping literature and defining the role emotions play
during shopping. A brief review is conducted of digital atmospherics and affective computing
before moving on to the main focus of the study: literature from game development that pertains
to emotion and designing for emotion. The review of gaming literature includes a deeper dive into
the concept of flow and narrative dimensions of game design.
Following the review of the literature, the research methodology is presented. Built on the theory
presented in the literature review a research methodology was developed and is presented in this
chapter. Three prototypes were developed and presented to respondents, which are presented in
the third chapter. The data was gathered in two forms, through a questionnaire respondents filled
in after testing each prototype and a verbal interview with the individual respondents.
In the fourth chapter, the data gathered is analysed and the findings, and limitations and practical
implications of the research are discussed in the fifth chapter. The sixth and final chapter provides

7

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
8

concluding thoughts to the study and provides suggestions for possible avenues for future research
into the same subject.

8

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
9

2 LITERATURE REVIEW
This chapter provides a description of core concepts and serves as the theoretical background for
the research study of the thesis. The chapter provides a review of the importance of online shopping
and why emotions are important to shopping, and then builds on this with theory regarding digital
atmospherics and affective computing, before broaching the main topic of emotion design in
games.

2.1 Why is online shopping important?
Over the past twenty years, companies have increasingly felt a pull to move towards digital
business. This can be attributed to a host of different reasons, from lowering costs to increasing
market reach. Through digital channels and the internet, even small companies can reach
customers in different parts of the world. This is due to the number of people who have easy access
to the internet. Internetworldstats.com (2019) estimates the population of the world using the
internet by 2019 to be roughly 4.5 billion.
Online marketplaces are a cornerstone of many businesses' business models. Online marketplaces
being easy-to-use and offering ways in which the customer can engage with the brand is therefore
important. Web 2.0 introduced new possible avenues that consumers could engage with the
business beyond product purchases (Burkolter & Kluge, 2011) in the form of consumer
engagement features such as reviews, comments and sharing between the customers of a brand. In
a study by Jerman & Zavrsnik (2012) they reported that bidirectional communication has a positive
impact on marketing communication effectiveness.
Stores can influence people by inducing emotional responses through something called
atmospherics. Kotler (1973-74, p.50) defines atmospherics as “the conscious designing of space
to create certain buyer effects”, specifically, designing purchasing environments in order to induce
specific emotional effects that increase the customer’s purchase probability.
Jansson-Boyd (2011) categorizes these atmospherics into four categories. External variables,
which are signs, building colour, parking availability and neighbourhood. Interior variables

9

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
10

include lighting, music, flooring, colour schemes within the store, scents, temperature and
cleanliness. Layout and design variables include space design, placement of equipment and work
stations, waiting areas, furniture, and dead areas. Point-of-purchase and decoration variables
include point-of-purchase displays, pictures, price displays, wall decorations, and permanent
product displays.
In traditional retail stores, businesses have several avenues for integrating affective aspects within
the shopping environment, not all of which can be translated into the digital space. Of the
atmospherics Jansson-Boyd (2011) listed, some atmospherics are not under the business’ control
in a digital space, such as temperature, scents, flooring, furniture, waiting areas. Others can feasibly
be translated into the digital space, but to lesser effect or to a negative effect. Music is seen as a
distraction by users when it plays on a website without user input or at a high volume (Lai &
Chiang, 2012), but in retail music is a key tool to creating affective atmospheres. In order to be
effective at changing customer behaviour the music should be congruent with a product, or
symbolically linked with the product (Guéguen & Jacob, 2012). An example of this congruence is
classical music being more appropriate for selling fine wines than pop-music (Guéguen & Jacob,
2012).
In order to provide a successful digital service, retailers must pinpoint the features of the online
shopping websites that motivate consumers to purchase online (Moon et al., 2017). Burkotler &
Kluge (2011) found that the most cited benefits of online shopping in their study among users were
convenience, greater access to information, competitive pricing, and broader selection. Kim &
Lennon (2011) advise companies that are looking to create successful online shopping sites to give
regular updates to their websites, offer good website design with fast, informative, uncluttered and
easy-to-navigate features in order to elicit positive emotion.
Moon et al. (2017) mention frequent issues with websites to be website quality (design, hypertext,
links, response time, search engines), functional and navigational issues (speed and ease-ofnavigation), content and style (currency and presentation). Negative performance in any of these
areas will not only have an effect on the level of satisfaction the users experience, but also the

10

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
11

negative emotions associated with the poor performance will enhance the negative impact on the
level of satisfaction.

2.2 Emotions Govern Spending
Affect is defined by Shouse (2005) as a non-conscious experience of intensity. According to
Shouse (2005) affect is a preparatory state the body enters by adding a layer of intensity to the
quality of the experience. This is a more psychological definition of affect. Affect is generally used
in literature interchangeably with emotion in the fields of marketing and HCI, as both mean
essentially the same thing in those academic fields. Éthier, Hadaya, Talbot, Cadieux (2006) define
affect as a set of specific mental processes, including feelings, moods and emotions.
Emotions have an effect on a person's spending. This is true for both retail and digital
marketplaces. As digital commerce continues to grow, there is a need for developing new models
and knowledge for internet customer behaviour. As Dawson, Bloch & Ridgway (1990, p. 409)
describes the link between spending and emotions: “motives may drive the behaviour that brings
consumers into the marketplace, but emotions experienced therein affect preference and choice.”
Krueger (1998) differentiates between compulsive shopping and shopping “sprees” by
highlighting the affect regulation aspect of compulsive shopping. Compulsive shopping is used as
a remedy for depression and emptiness, to make the person feel a sense of achievement or release.
Another underlying reason for excessive consumer spending is the denial and avoidance of
stressful circumstances and using compulsive spending as a means of distraction (Maddi, Erwin,
Carmody, Villarreal, White, Gundersen, 2012). Compulsive shopping is merely one symptom of
such behaviour. The same behaviour also appears in gambling and internet addictions.
As outlined by Zhou, Dai & Zhang (2007) there is a difference between hedonic or utilitarian
shoppers. Utilitarian consumers (goal-oriented) are concerned with purchasing products in an
efficient and timely manner to achieve their goals with minimum irritation. Hedonic consumers
(experiential shoppers) are equivalent to brick-and-mortar window shoppers for whom the
shopping experience is for entertainment and enjoyment. Thus hedonic shoppers are of more

11

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
12

interest to us when developing methods for increasing user engagement with the shopping
environment.
Companies have used different methods to provide affective experiences for users. Image
interactivity is one way that online shopping has looked to provide a more affective experience for
consumers. Lee, Kim & Fiore (2010) found that image interactivity technology (IIT) positively
influenced affective aspects of consumer experience. IIT also provided hedonic pleasure and
reduced the perceived risks of the purchase decision, leading to easier decision making. Making
decisions has had a positive effect on further decision making. With each decision a customer
makes within a short timespan the subsequent decision-making choices become easier to make.
As reported in a study by Bruyneel, Dewitte, Vohs & Warlop (2006) choosing enhances
consumers’ susceptibility of purchasing products on the basis of affective product features. The
consumer will find it easier to succumb to the delicious-looking, but expensive, ice cream if he or
she had made previous choices among other products such as mug colours, bread types, and how
many oranges to buy.
Jansson-Boyd (2011) lists methods used to induce moods in participants of research by using films,
music or providing negative or positive feedback. People pay attention to different aspects of their
life depending on his or her mood. In a study conducted by Bower, Gilligan & Montiero (1981)
the happy participants remembered a higher number of happy facts compared to the number of sad
facts. Meanwhile, the sad participants remembered a higher number of sad facts. Emotions seek
out self-sustaining content.
Consumers tend to search their feelings to find how they feel when encountering a new product,
often subconsciously, which makes it important for marketers to try and ensure that consumers are
in a good mood when deciding upon what to consume (Jansson-Boyd, 2011). If the consumer is
in a bad mood, he or she may associate the shopping experience or product with negative feelings.
This is true mostly for new stimuli. If the consumer has more information or experiences with the
product mood has less impact on their judgement (Salovey & Birnbaum, 1989)

12

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
13

Some consumption activities are sought by consumers when they are in a bad mood. As an
example, eating chocolate or watching comedy shows in order to raise their mood to being happy
or content. This can be used by marketers. By creating the associations between products and the
belief that the products will make people feel happy, consumers in a bad mood are much more
likely to purchase them (Jansson-Boyd, 2011). In a study by Pappas, Korouthanassis, Giannakos
& Chrissikopoulos (2015) some emotions were found to be more important than others, and the
important emotion was likely to dominate and overlay the effects of mixed emotions. If customers
feel an important emotion in the moment, then the customer’s consumption behaviour is affected.
Happiness or sadness are not the only emotions that have an impact on behaviour. Éthier et al.
(2006) found in their review of literature that affective states, such as anxiety and enjoyment,
impacted user behaviour. All emotion have some form of behavioural impact. Positive emotional
states are generally associated with approach responses (Babin & Darden, 1996), a behaviour or
movement that brings the person closer to a stimulus in some manner. Positive emotional states in
Babin & Dardens case refer to emotions with a positive connotation such as happiness, inspiration
or joy as opposed to negative emotions such as anxiety, anger and sadness. Positive mood state
has had an impact on decision making by reducing the decision time and driving the consumer to
make a greater number of purchases than he or she would otherwise (Babin & Darden, 1996). This
increases the ease of decision-making, which Bruyneel et al. (2006) found to be increasing through
further decision making. Measuring a tangible effect on consumer behaviour, Babin & Darden
(1996) reported that a unit of increased positive moods in consumers could produce a 12% increase
in spending. However, this same effect was not observed in regards to negative moods, where an
increase in negative moods did not significantly reduce spending.
Arguments that businesses can use to convince their customers fall into three categories.
Businesses can use logical arguments, make emotional appeals or request input and feedback from
them (Pappas et al., 2015). In online shopping there is a concept of online personalization, where
the retailers offer custom tailored messages and implement strategies based on customers’
preferences (Pappas et al., 2015). This is a popular method for personalizing the communication
between the consumer and company. It creates a stronger bond between the customer and company

13

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
14

and increases customer loyalty. However, the approach requires a great amount of data regarding
the individual consumer and their spending behaviour.
Studies in marketing and IS have also shown that affective states can play the same role on the
web as in retail stores (Éthier et al., 2006). In their study Éthier et al. (2006) demonstrated that web
site quality positively affects the cognitive appraisal of situational state and the more positive the
evaluation of online shopping experience, the higher the intensity of the emotions of liking, joy
and pride. Web site quality plays a large part in the user experience as the interface with which the
user interacts with the business. The website can be directly compared to both the staff and store
in the retail space. Both website, staff and store share the same function of interaction between the
business and consumer.
While Éthier et al. (2006) found that emotions such as liking, joy, pride, dislike, frustration and
fear were experienced during online shopping, the intensity of the emotions was dulled and
measured as low to moderate. That is not to say that these emotions do not have behavioural impact
on the user, but the impact may be less prominent or diminished in intensity.

14

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
15

2.3 Digital Atmospherics
One tool for businesses to evoke emotion in the user is called atmospherics. Hedonic aspects of
online store environments such as web atmospherics have gained more attention recently (Koo &
Ju, 2010). Results from Koo & Ju (2010) show that most human and computer factors, such as
graphics, colour and links have a positive impact on pleasure and arousal, with the exception of
the two links from menu to pleasure and arousal. The importance of the environment is further
reinforced by Björk (2010) who found that environmental contexts simulate emotional responses,
which in turn influence behaviour. As Koo & Ju (2010) note however, there is a lack of research
into the influence of specific atmospheric cues on emotions.
Marketing exchanges in virtual stores bridge two distinct environments: (1) the online (store)
environment, and (2) the operator environment in which human-computer interactions occur
(Sautter, Hyman & Lukosius, 2004). That means that the consumer interacts with two
environments when visiting the online shop. The physical environment in which the humancomputer interaction takes place, that is for the majority of situations out of the control of the shop
provider, and the online environment that exists as the store itself. Sautter et al. (2004) posit that
(r)e-tailers must manage not only the direct effects of online store cues on shopper’s internal states,
but they must also anticipate and manage the effects of operator environments. Not only are
atmospherics important in offline settings, but atmospherics also play an important role in online
retailing (Hunter & Mukerji, 2011). Björk (2010) defines digital atmospherics as website features
that stimulate cognitive as well as affective responses.
A myriad of tools are available to build digital atmospherics. Atmospherics in a digital space are
constrained where only visual and auditory cues can be manipulated (Lim, 2013). Wu, Cheng &
Yen (2008) listed web atmospherics as background colour and pattern, hyperlinks, icons,
interactive web applications, music, overall colour scheme, typeface, and web borders. Some
atmospherics are more generally accepted, whilst others are looked upon less favourably. Using
bulletin boards, chat rooms, and e-mail to build online communities is controversial (Sautter et al.,
2004) due to research showing that many consumers ignore such platforms. The prompting of
communication in this way may have a negative effect on brand loyalty and customer relationship
management.
15

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
16

Another controversial part of digital atmospherics is music. In retail stores, music can help define
the atmosphere in the physical store. Music can be viewed as one of the key ambient features that
build the servicescape (Cheng, Wu & Yen, 2007). Cheng et al. (2007) found in their study that the
highest level of arousal was achieved through fast music and warm background colour, as opposed
to the lowest arousal through slow music and cool background colour. High level of arousal can
help pressure users to make purchase decisions faster than they would in a state of low arousal. In
multimedia entertainment, particularly gaming activities, auditory icons and musical earcons
enhance the performance of the entertainment (Sexton, 2007). However, there is a risk music may
be viewed as intrusive on the website. If the music is incongruent with the website it lowers the
pleasure and arousal of the consumer (Adams & Douce, 2020). Looping the background music
without counteracting familiarity will result in a high risk of irritation as the cumulative effect of
familiarity grows (Sexton, 2007). Music may have an effect on customer attention, as Kang &
Lakshmanan (2017) found that vocal background music draws consumers’ attention away from
the visual elements and towards itself.
Atmospherics can have a direct impact on the purchasing behaviour of the consumer. Research
has shown that variations of atmospheric variables have an influence on the amount of money
people spend, the number of items they purchase, time spent in store, and increased unplanned
spending (Bruyneel et al., 2006). These environmental cues may even change the behaviour of the
users. Consumers are capable of responding positively or negatively to environmental cues even
if their initial buying intentions would have predicted different behaviours (Hunter & Mukerji,
2011). These responses are worthy of note, as Eroglu, Machleit & Davis (2003) report, that the
effect on behaviour by the atmosphere is not direct, and seems to be based on the shoppers'
experienced emotions. The atmosphere is not what affects the behaviour, but the emotions
consciously or subconsciously experienced from the atmosphere. As Kawaf & Tagg (2012) found;
pleased and aroused consumers are more likely to purchase or to have one or more types of positive
behavioural intentions.
Demangeot & Broderick (2010) found in their gestalt study of perceptions of online shops three
attributes relating to the environment that users found to be of importance; the ease-of-

16

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
17

understanding (navigational and organizational factors), informativeness (information content)
and qualities of the environment (aesthetic design, flow, entertainment). These are also directly
linked to the perceived quality of the website. Environmental stimuli mainly influence cognitive
processes such as risk perception and website trustworthiness, suggesting that high quality
websites are more trusted than lower quality ones (Kawaf & Tagg, 2012). A high quality website
is viewed as more trustworthy, despite the actual content of the website. When taking atmospherics
into consideration importance must be placed on not sacrificing the website quality for the
inclusion of atmospherics.
Making an atmospheric or interactive website includes making a high quality website. Few
companies manage to produce highly interactive websites (Björk, 2010). Many users have an
expected level of interactivity when they use a website, and fulfilling those expectations means
that users find the website to be simply normal. Björk (2010) deemed information content and
pictures as the essential features that had an effect on a number of positive emotions. These
emotions were excitement, happiness, pleasure, satisfaction, relaxation, stimulation, arousal,
attention and charm. A proper design of a website's atmospherics (e.g. colour, animation and
control) enhances online shoppers’ internal states (hedonic and utilitarian value), which
contributes to positive outcomes (Algharabat & Dennis, 2010). Though, as Björk (2010) points
out, that analyzing website quality features without paying attention to the context is useless.
Ultimately, Björk (2010) found that the emotional response to atmospherics is very individual,
changing from person to person.
As online shopping grows, so too do the methods with which businesses allow users to interact
with their websites. These are called interactive features. Van Noort, Voorveld & Reijmersdal
(2011) describe the purpose of interactive features being to provide information about the brand,
organization, and products, on the online shop. One feature that has been developed to reduce risk
perception and increase trust has been 3D product visualisation, given the essential role that
pictures provide in an online retailer. Image Interactivity Technology (IIT) features are one avenue
that has been developed to increase shopping enjoyment, lessen risk perceptions and improve
attitude toward the retailer (Van Noort et al., 2011). Risk perception and trust were according to
Kawaf & Tagg (2012) one of the most important variables studied in online consumer research.

17

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
18

This feature allows the user to view the product as a 3D model, and allows for increased interaction
in the form of rotation and zoom. Algharabat & Dennis (2010) studied the ability of 3D product
visualisation and its effect on value generation for shoppers. Algharabat & Dennis found a greater
production of hedonic value than utilitarian values. The enjoyment of using the website was
increased due to the 3D product visualisation feature. The feature leads to increased site stickiness.
Increased site stickiness means that users build more trust and confidence due to spending a higher
amount of time on the web store interacting with the products (Algharabat & Dennis, 2010).
Algharabat & Dennis (2010) also found using 3D product visualisation and product knowledge
influenced the relationship between 3D and perceived product knowledge in a positive way. In
part this is the result of the aforementioned site stickiness, but there is also a direct impact on the
behaviour of the user. 3D authenticity has a direct impact on behavioural intention, which
demonstrates the importance of 3D authenticity in consumers' responses within the online retail
context (Algharabat & Dennis, 2010).
The research into atmospherics within the marketing space has mostly studied how the existing
elements within a web store can be changed to create the atmosphere in the environment that is
beneficial to their goals. Existing features are limited, thus developing new features might be the
next step to generating the emotional states that engage the customers to positive experiences with
the business and website.

18

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
19

2.4 Affective Computing
Affective computing is a fairly widespread term within Human-Computer Interaction (HCI).
BBVA Open Mind (2020) defines affective computing as the study and development of systems
and devices that can recognise, interpret, process and simulate human affects. Affective computing
is a field that seeks to integrate emotion into human-computer interactions. The research of
affective computing has pertained to the modelling of emotion for digital avatars or the recognition
of emotions of the program's users.
Sometimes affective computing is referred to as sentic computing, that is to say, sentiment
analysis, processing, interpreting and recognizing opinions and sentiments online. Sentic
computing includes processes such as text mining and filters. Zhao, Yao, Gao, Ding & Chua (2016)
developed a method for predicting emotions that images evoke. Images are more evocative than
the written word. Certain colours and shapes that have a stronger effect on emotion or arousal.
An example of what sentic computing has been used for is sentic chat, a chat software where the
UI changes based on the recognised mood of the conversation. This can mean the background
picture changes to e.g. sunshine when happy or rain when sad. Another example is ARIA, a
software agent which aims to facilitate the storytelling task by opportunistically suggesting
pictures or photos relevant to what the user is typing. A multitude of different sentic computing
projects exist, but their development is difficult. Mining opinions and sentiments from natural
language is an extremely difficult task (Cambria & Hussain, 2015). Creating text mining software
that find emotion or opinions from natural language (eg. reviews or comments) is possible, but
text mining techniques will not find 100% of the emotions, nor will natural text always convey the
full extent of the writer's underlying emotions.
Affective computing requires a different approach to measuring emotion. According to
Zimmermann, Guttormsen, Danuser & Gomez (2003) the existing methods have a number of
drawbacks or are not applicable to HCI contexts. Since then, affective computing has developed
new methods for measuring affect in HCI. Affective computing, while the assumption is that
evoking emotion would be one of its points of focus, there has been scant little literature that has

19

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
20

explored creating emotion in the user. Based on this literature review, their focus has been more
about recognizing emotion in humans or modelling emotion as part of a digital avatar. There is
however a large body of research in the field of gaming, where emotion and the specific methods
of evoking emotion have been explored in greater detail.

20

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
21

2.5 Emotion in Game Design Theory
Differences between a focus on emotion in an entertainment environment (games) and an online
shopping environment exists. Many consider online shopping a form of pastime or entertainment,
as consumers with hedonic motivations for shopping are largely concerned with the entertainment
and enjoyment associated with shopping (Kim, Forsythe, 2007). Yet for some, diversionary fun is
not enough in and of itself. Some consumers want entertainment experiences that somehow
contribute or enrich their lives (Freeman, 2004). Many gamers seek out gaming for the experiences
they provide, much like other media such as books or TV. A study conducted by Bowen (2005)
found that over a third of participants said games are quite an emotional experience. It has become
apparent that games and emotional experiences have become closely linked for a large number of
gamers. The field of ludology offers methods and theory to design games for emotion. Ludology,
as per Frasca (1999) refers to “a discipline that studies game and play activities”, which arose as
an alternative approach to game design from narratology.
Games differentiates themselves from other media through interactivity. Yannakakis & Paiva
(2014) describe the differences as being due to a possibility to incorporate rich forms of interaction
with the player within a virtual world. This allows the player to form a detachment from reality
and allows for the player to control the virtual environment to a certain extent through an avatar
or the mechanics.
People seek out gaming for different reasons. As mentioned above, some seek out games for the
experiences that they represent, or for the engaging narratives made possible in interactive games.
Others seek out games for the community aspect of online gaming. Violent video games can draw
in male adolescents because violent games satisfy the adolescents’ need for competition, challenge
and control (Jansz, 2005). Violent video games can generate both positive and negative emotions
(Jansz, 2005) which can be experienced in the form of joy and pride or anger, disgust and fear.
Jansz (2005) argues that video games can be a form of processing and exploration of personal
emotion. Games can help people experience and play with emotions they might not have ready
access to in real life, and free from the moral constraints of ordinary life (Jansz, 2005).

21

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
22

Designing for emotion stems from our own personal experiences with emotion. As Sheldon (2004)
describes, the only way to design for emotions is from using one’s own emotional experience to
draw inspiration on how to recreate them in a video-game situation. Emotion that is felt is different
from person to person. Viewing the product that is being designed from the viewpoint of the end
user is important for designers. This design philosophy is called user-centered design. To avoid
creating games which are not interesting or preferred by players, game designers should adopt or
adapt to the player-centric design approach (Baharom, Tan & Idris, 2014).
Freeman (2004) lists nine reasons for putting emotion into games. These are primarily focused on
the business aspect of games. Emotions help expand the demographics catered to, better word-ofmouth, better press, a more professional feel to the game, inspire the creative team, increase
consumer loyalty, competitive advantage, as profit-loss management. The final reason Freeman
(2004) lists is the fact that when other games include emotion in their games, games without
emotion will have less value to the consumer. Ample reasons exist from merely a business
perspective to pursue development of emotion inducing gameplay.
Modeling emotion can mean dynamic generation of emotion via models that can map stimuli to
associated emotions. Modeling emotion can mean creating facial expressions, gestures and
movements on synthetic agents (Hudlicka, 2008). As technology and gaming evolves we become
increasingly capable of replicating reality within the virtual world. Simply modeling humans as
realistically as possible is not enough to create emotional connections. As users become
acclimatised to the current level of technological achievements in approximating realism, it seems
they have developed a heightened level of awareness for the attributes that make a character appear
lifeless as opposed to lifelike (Tinwell, Grimshaw & Williams, 2011). If a character is modelled
to be as human-like as possible, the areas in which it fails to meet a human-like standard will stand
out as uncanny to the observer.
The concept of immersion is a key factor in emotions in games. In a study carried out by Ngai
(2005) she examined the differences between the Japanese and American concepts of immersion
and found implications of immersion being cross-cultural in nature. While few differences in
immersion were found, Ngai (2005) did find differences in emotional experiences, as Japanese
respondents had a greater sense of character attachment. Different narratives have different
22

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
23

emotional weight based on the culture as different types of stories touch upon story points that
have cultural significance. Different stories carry with them different expectations, or tropes.
Immersion in games does not require both strong cognitive and affective elements (McMahon &
Henderson, 2011). Interactivity has the potential to enhance immersion through the player
projecting onto an avatar or the player having “authorial control” over the game world (Giappone,
2015). The immersion can be observed through the realism of the game world and atmosphere
(Brown & Cairns, 2004). Brown and Cairns (2004) found that engagement and engrossment are
key elements that lets players achieve a sense of immersion.
Baharom et al. (2014) describe three levels within games that can create affect. The visceral level
includes the physical features such as look, feel and sound. This includes animations, interface
design, character design, storyline, audio, sound effects, music and the controls and mechanics of
the game. The visceral level describes how the game is built. The second level is the behaviour
level, where the usability of the player is in focus, and the effect of the game on the behaviour of
the player. Players may not feel free to leave a game at any time because of social pressure from
team mates or fellow guild members (Wang & Sun, 2011). The reflective level describes a process
in which the player controls their pleasure by further reflection towards games. This is a post-game
activity where the player reflects over their feelings towards the game. This can manifest itself e.g.
as feelings of pride for owning or beating the game.
In a study conducted by Bopp, Mekler & Opwis (2016) they found the most frequent negative
emotional responses to games were heartbreak or grief, followed by shock, anxiety and fear. There
was mention of frustration or being upset, and a few mentioned guilt or regret. The most frequent
positive emotions felt were fun, joy, happiness and achievement (Bopp et al., 2016). A few subjects
mentioned awe or amazement. Games do not need to avoid all negative emotions. Some games
are built around making the player shocked, or to feel fear or anxiety, eg. Amnesia or Resident
Evil. Games that employ grief or heartbreak are sometimes lauded as being compelling games due
to the emotions their narratives bring out in the player. Many players describe their most emotional
gaming experiences to have originated from the story developments in the Final Fantasy game
series (Ngai, 2005) which utilize grief and heartbreak frequently, but also include moments of hope

23

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
24

and happiness. Frustration might be one of the most negative emotions in games as it often means
that the mechanics of the game are working against player expectation.
Bopp et al. (2016) categorize six emotionally impactful areas in games. These are loss, character
attachment, agency and responsibility, achievement, atmosphere, and personal memories and self
reflection. Loss, or failing to achieve a result or complete a challenge predominantly inspire
negative emotion, whereas accomplishing achievements inspire positive emotion. Many games
feature characters that interact with the player or the player inhabits during their time with a game.
The player can grow attached to these characters through their interactions and their stories can
inspire strong emotional responses. Bopp et al. (2016) found one of the most frequent reasons why
players deemed their experience as emotionally moving was the death of a character that they had
grown attached to. In games, agency is an important aspect of a player's enjoyment of the game.
A lack of agency can quickly lead to frustration for the player when he or she is not able to affect
the game in the way that he or she wants. Atmosphere can inspire a varied range of emotions,
depending on the context. An amazing vista can inspire awe or a dimly lit and claustrophobic
hallway can inspire threat or fear. Finally, games provide an avenue for personal memories and
self reflection by providing a safe environment where the player can experience different emotions
free from social demands. Games provide situations for decision-making that are widely different
from what a person might encounter in their daily life.
Games are driven by the promise of a reward at the end of a task or challenge. Players already feel
a sense of achievement when they accomplish something, which predominantly inspires positive
emotion (Bopp et al., 2016). Rewards can heighten the positive emotions that players feel and help
motivate the player to continue to engage with the game. Wang & Sun (2011) note that reward
systems can function as player motivators or as compromises for easing disappointment. Reward
systems can be both an intrinsic and extrinsic reward to the game. The intrinsic rewards provide a
sense of fun, and are equally or more important than the extrinsic rewards that are distributed
(Wang & Sun, 2011). The extrinsic rewards, such as virtual items, have sometimes led to players
playing for the reward while not enjoying the play activity itself (Wang & Sun, 2011). As
mentioned earlier, different people are affected differently by affective features, and this is true

24

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
25

when it comes to reward systems too. Reward systems differ based on type of play, and have
different effects on players according to their preferences and motivations (Wang & Sun, 2011).
Wang & Sun (2011) describes eight reward types that games employ:
1. Score Systems
Score systems involve using numbers to mark progress. Higher numbers generally indicate a better
performance in the game. Scores sometimes affect gameplay or indirectly serve as a tool for self
assessment and comparison. Systems can connect scores with players’ virtual identities, such as
avatars or profiles.
2. Experience Point Reward System
In experience point systems the players’ avatar or profile can earn experience points during
gameplay and “level up” and improve as experience points are amassed. The rewards from
amassing experience points allow the avatar to become better at the game, unlock new abilities
and increase the breadth of challenges the player can tackle, thus making other ingame tasks easier.
3. Item Granting System Rewards
Item rewards are virtual items that can be used by players or avatars. These items can be considered
glory or facility rewards, depending on player interest. Item rewards can also function as a way to
increase the effectiveness or abilities of the players’ avatar.
4. Resources
Resources describe virtual valuables that can be collected and used in a manner that affects
gameplay. In the Age of Empires series, this comes in the form of wood, stone, gold and food.
Resources differ from items in that they are for practical game use or to share with other players
or entities, where items have collecting and social comparison value.
5. Achievement Systems
Achievement systems include titles and challenges that are bound to avatars or players’ accounts.
Users collect them by fulfilling clearly stated conditions. Examples of this can be found in many

25

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
26

MMORPG games, where certain conditions, such as defeating a set number of NPCs of a certain
type (in e.g. Black Desert Online) grants one a title. Achievements are often used to motivate
players to complete certain tasks, direct players towards certain tasks or play in challenging ways.
6. Feedback Messages
Feedback messages are instant positive or negative feedback players receive in response to their
actions. An example of this is DDR, where if players hit the correct buttons with precise timing, a
text reading “perfect” shows up. Instant feedback systems provide the immediate rewards that are
a central concern of flow theorists.
7. Plot Animations and Pictures
Animations or pictures linked with the game's narrative can be a reward themselves. Animations
are generally used as rewards following important events such as the defeat of a major enemy,
clearing a new level or ending a game. Their purpose is to motivate players to advance the game's
story. Animations and pictures also serve as milestones in the gameplay while also being visually
attractive.
8. Unlocking Mechanisms
Unlocking mechanisms describe mechanisms that gate new content behind certain requirements.
New levels, access to special virtual environments and mini games, can be unlocked through
completing other tasks, progressing the story or accumulating experience or score. An example of
this comes from World of Warcraft, where gaining higher levels allows one to kill higher level
enemies and allows one to survive in higher level regions of the world.
Reward systems inspire affect, and they also play an important role in the flow of the game. Many
games suffer from the problem of having clear long-term but ambiguous short-term goals (Wang
& Sun, 2011) and reward systems help clarify the short-term goals players need to achieve to lead
them to the long-term goal. Reward systems help keep the player focused on the objective and
splits the long-term goal into more manageable chunks.

26

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
27

The most commonly implemented game design features in gamification have been achievement
systems (Hamari & Eranti, 2011). According to Hamari & Eranti (2011) achievements have three
basic components: signifier, completion logic and rewards. A signifier commonly consists of a
name, the visual elements (such as a badge) and a description. The completion logic defines the
requirement to unlock the achievement. Requirements are often defined by a trigger that tells the
player what he or she must do to unlock the achievement. There may also be pre-requirements
where one or more achievements must be completed before the current can be unlocked.
Conditions define parameters for the trigger, such as timeframe, how, when, where and with
whom. Achievements can sometimes require a task to be repeated a number of times for the
achievement to unlock. Hamari & Eranti (2011) refer to this as a multiplier. Finally, rewards from
achievements appear in several forms. The player may feel motivation or a sense of
accomplishment from completing an achievement. Some platforms or games reward points for
completed achievements (eg. Xbox Live), and some games have achievement linked to in-game
rewards.
Other reward systems frequently used in gamification are audio/verbal/visual effects, progress
bars, point systems, mini games or challenges, virtual goods, leaderboards, levels and avatars
(Richter, Raban & Rafaeli, 2014). Points, achievements, badges, medals, kudos and likes serve as
rewards of glory (or reputational rewards) (Lewis, Swartz & Lyons, 2016) and should be the
preferred types of rewards within gamified interventions. Rewards of glory provide bragging rights
and feedback of their achieved task and leads to a sense of accomplishment or pride. One problem
with artificial reward systems is that they work as long as rewards keep coming, when the rewards
stop the behaviour will likely also stop (Nicholson, 2014). The behaviour the reward systems
entice needs other reasons to be continued if the behaviour is to continue after the rewards stop.
The reward of money for completing jobs is a reward that most people are familiar with. The
reward structures of gamification are thus familiar and accepted by subjects.
Social interaction is an important part of many games. Dalisay, Kushin & Yamamoto (2014) lists
social motivation, among immersion and achievement, as one of their three pillars of motivation
for playing games. Multiplayer games are designed with social interaction as the core part of their
gameplay. Most MMORPGs are structured so that players are forced to interact (Ducheneaut &

27

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
28

Moore, 2004) which is achieved through tasks that are designed not to be completed alone.
EverQuest’s quests were designed to be too difficult to complete alone. World of Warcraft has
activities in the form of raids that are designed to be undertaken with groups of twenty or even
forty players. Socializing, relationship and teamwork are three components of the social
motivation of video games (Dalisay et al., 2014, Kujanpää, Manninen & Vallius, 2007). The
inclusion of social data to games results in an increase in players’ likelihood of involving
themselves in social interactions (Kirman, Lawson, Linehan, Martino, Gamberini & Gaggioli,
2010). Kirman et al.’s (2010) findings suggest that activity and engagement with the social aspects
is not limited to collaborative or competitive games.
Dalisay et al. (2014) found that social aspects of video games were positively associated with trust
and neighbourliness. Neighbourliness refers to a person's proclivity to engage in gaming activities
with people around or in contact with him. Online environments may also be creating communities
unbound by geographic location and engagement in these online communities could manifest as
neighbourliness in one’s community (Dalisay et al., 2014).

28

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
29

2.6 Defining the Flow State
Games are a popular form of entertainment, and one that has steadily grown since its inception.
Games allow users to become engrossed in the act of playing the game, spending significant
amounts of time playing. This phenomenon has come to be referred to as flow, or the flow state,
and is a core concept in designing for player engagement. Csikszentmihalyi (1990) defines the
term flow as a state of optimal experience where one is completely absorbed and immersed in an
activity. Csikszentmihalyi has described flow as an autotelic experience, where the activity itself
is enjoyable and rewarding. Flow is a state of mind, and Nah, Eschenbrenner, Zeng, Telaprolu &
Sepehr (2014) state this is an ideal experience for game designers to facilitate for players of their
games.
Flow is useful in the measurement of player engagement in gaming, playing an important role in
understanding engagement and positive experience in the context of gaming (Nah et al., 2014).
When one understands the factors that create player engagement one can use that knowledge to
design games with engagement as a goal. When considering flow, there is a closely aligned term,
suspension of disbelief which is a literary term. It describes a process in which we willingly
sublimate our sense of selves into the world that has been created for us (McMahon & Henderson,
2011). Suspension of disbelief is a core aspect of immersion, and a break in the suspension of
disbelief generally results in a break in immersion. Csikszentmihalyi (1990) has identified eight
components of the flow state. These are: a challenging activity, concentration on the task, clear
goals, clear feedback, being in complete control over a hectic situation, engrossment in the activity,
loss of self-consciousness and an altered sense of time.
The loss of self-consciousness and an altered sense of time is due to a feeling of immersion or
absorption in the game (Sweetser, Johnson, Wyeth, Anwar, Meng & Ozdowska, 2017). Immersion
is the result of several facets of the game working together. McMahon & Henderson (2011) found
in their study of the nature of immersion that pacing, fairness, control and challenge were all
relevant to the generation of flow. The player needs to feel sufficiently skilled to take on the
challenges the game presents and feel a sense of control over the task he is undertaking (Sweetser
et al., 2017). One definition of pacing in games is from Cardoso-Leite, Joessel & Bavelier (2020)

29

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
30

as referring to the need for making decisions and executing commands under time pressure. The
speed of the game will determine the absolute pace of the game, but pacing is primarily a subjective
sense of time pressure felt by a player (Bavelier & Green, 2019).
The flow state is closely linked with a player’s enjoyment of the game. Sweetser et al. (2017)
identify eight core elements of player enjoyment: concentration, challenge, skills, control, clear
goals, feedback, immersion and social interaction. The elements of enjoyment (Sweetser et al.,
2017) and the components of the flow state (Csikszentmihalyi, 1990) overlap closely with one
another. Social interaction is the key difference between the description of enjoyment and the
description of the flow state. Social interaction is not traditionally present in models detailing the
flow state. Social interaction in a game can lead to more fun. Fun itself can help induce flow in the
player. Kim, Jung & Kim (2015) classified fun in three types: emotional fun, cognitive fun and
social fun. Social interaction enhances the social fun players experience. Fun is a key element of
inducing flow (Kim et al., 2015) although not all game elements have the same effect on each of
the three types of fun or on flow. Some elements like cooperative challenges have a greater element
of social fun compared to leaderboards where emotional fun is higher.
Adams & Rollings (2007) categorize challenges into eleven different types. These are logic and
interface, lateral thinking, memory, intelligence-based, knowledge-based, pattern recognition,
moral, spatial awareness, coordination, reflex and reaction time, and physical challenges. The
player can have an easier or more difficult time with a specific challenge type based on their
personality, abilities and experiences. To achieve optimal flow, balance should not be constant
with player skill. A slight overload achieves a greater sense of flow in the player (Bauman, Lürig,
Engeser, 2016). Flow is achieved in conditions where high skills are required by the player due to
high skills required to complete a challenge. Bauman et al. (2016) reported that a slight overload
did not indicate an increase in global enjoyment of the game. Instead the pressure of having to
achieve greater and greater skill might decrease enjoyment for the player compared to the game
being balanced or in certain cases, too easy.
To ensure optimal state of flow, the level of challenge needs to be maintained throughout the game
(Adams & Rollings, 2007). These challenges have to be carefully constructed to maintain a sense

30

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
31

of challenge for the player and their increasing skill at the game, but also not become too
challenging or easy for the player to manage. The key to maintaining the flow state is to ensure
that the game is balanced, neither too frustrating nor too boring (McMahon & Henderson, 2011).
McMahon & Henderson (2011) use the terms excessive or trivial to refer to the extremes of
difficulty or ease. Both excessive or trivial challenges inspire negative emotion and can lead to the
challenge or game being abandoned before being accomplished.
To attain flow, an activity must achieve balance between external complexity of the system and
the internal model that a user develops of that system (Cowley, Charles, Black & Hickey, 2008).
Learning and using a system helps a user build up an internal model of the system of the game.
This is achieved through an ongoing processing of the external complexity of the system. Through
interacting with a game the player learns or intuits the underlying mechanics of the system and
builds up a model for the internal structure of the game. System mastery allows the player to take
on more difficult challenges.

31

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
32

2.7 Narrative in Games
A narrative exists in the majority of games and takes different forms. Dansky (2021, p. 1) defines
narrative as “the methods by which the story materials are communicated to the audience”. Larsen
& Schoenau-Fog (2016) define narrative as the story being told, combining both story and how
the story is being told. Both definitions feature the key element of how the story is communicated
or told to the player. In some games the narrative is an overt story that the players interact with.
Other games the narrative exists to frame the existence of the game world and the characters, as
without narrative the game play lacks meaning (Taylor, 2002). Many players find engagement in
the narrative elements of video games emphasizing storytelling (Tocci, 2008). The video game
medium as an artform is still very new. Comparing video games to more mature and sophisticated
narrative forms, such as cinema or literature, the poetics of video game narratives are still in an
early state (Bizzocchi & Tanenbaum, 2012). The true power of storytelling through games is that
the player can experience the narrative firsthand (Larsen & Schoenau-Fog, 2016).
In academia there has been a debate regarding video games as a narrative. An issue in the academic
debate around video game narrative Koenitz (2018) describes as being a lack of shared
understanding of the term “narrative”. The traditional definition of narrative has been one of the
act of recounting, or in other terms “telling somebody else that something happened” (Ryan,
Ruppert & Bernet, 2004, p. 5). In games, this is rarely the case for how the story is told. In games,
the input of the player is able to produce a real-time dynamic sequence of events (Dubbelman,
2016). The player is constantly constructing a story mentally as he or she is playing through the
game, which allows them to form an understanding of past, present and future actions he or she
takes. This makes the classical definition problematic or even inapplicable (Dubbelman, 2016). In
the academic debate on games as narratives, the term “narratology” has changed meaning in the
study of games. Narratology in game studies has had the term shift to “a more or less mythical
position taken by an imagined group of people who are seen to believe that games are stories”
(Aarseth, 2012, p. 129). If there can be a game without narrative or if all games have narratives is
debatable. Undoubtedly games have the capacity to include narratives and tell stories as per their
contemporary definitions.

32

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
33

Stories in games have some unique characteristics when compared to traditional stories. Game
stories are interactive, as players are able to interact with the stories (Qin, Rau & Salvendy, 2009).
Game stories are nonlinear and usually not fixed (Qin et al., 2009) where the player’s interaction
in the game changes the story to some extent. Game play is usually linked to the progress of the
game’s story. Part of the story might be told through non-interactive cutscenes that force a player
to break from the gameplay loop. The narrative has a wider range of possible forms in video games
compared to traditional media. Bizzocchi & Tanenbaum (2012) describe two as carefully crafted
game storylines or a toolbox approach that provides the player with the narrative possibilities and
from which the player can construct their own narratives. In essence, a videogame is characterised
by player choice and action (Dansky, 2021). The narrative of a game should be built around the
player and their agency and interaction with the game world. Without choice or action a game
becomes more like a movie or novel rather than a game. According to Dansky (2021) a game
designer should design the game as the player’s story, rather than the writer’s story. The player is
after all, the agent with agency in the virtual environment.
Wei (2010) describes three forms of how to present a narrative in game, called embedded narrative.
Horizontal embedding involves a shift in the narrator of the story. The presentation of the story,
or the telling of the story, is sometimes handed over from one narrator to another, such as from the
player character to another in-game character. Flashback sequences exemplify the horizontal
embedded narrative. Vertical embedding is similar to horizontal embedding but alongside the
“new” narrator it also involves taking the narrative to a “new” level. This can be presented as
NPC’s presenting the player with information about a future location the player character will visit
as the game progresses. Wei (2010) includes non-interactive sequences such as cutscenes or voiceover narration under vertical embedded narratives. The final method is modal embedding, which
is characterised by a shift in reality or storyworld. The shift might be from a waking world to a
dream world or hallucination, but may also be a shift from one dimension to another. Game
narratives are usually not exclusively one of these three narratives, nor is a narrative segment
always identifiable as strictly a single form of embedded narrative. The narratives often cross the
“boundaries” of the categories they are placed in.

33

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
34

Immersion into a story and the flow state share many of the same fundamental aspects. Challenge,
skill, concentration and control are required for a greater feeling of immersion by players (Qin et
al., 2009). The narrative itself is not enough for a complete sense of immersion by the player into
the narrative in a video game. This is a key difference between video game (or interactive)
narratives and text-based narratives. Immersion is also an important aspect of the narrative as the
game's writing needs to avoid “seams that will provide a jagged end to the suspension of disbelief”
(Dansky, 2021, p. 17). If the tone and setting is inconsistent then the player will be dragged out of
the game and into the real world.
Video games imply a level of interactivity for the player to affect the gameworld or narrative. The
player wants to make choices unique to tailor the narrative to their whims and assert their own
authorial vision over plot decisions and the outcome of the story (Bizzocchi & Tanenbaum, 2012).
There remains a contradiction between interactivity and narrative, as the enjoyment of a narrative
is often found in surrendering to the experience of the story. Interactivity brings the player out of
the story as the player is presented with a choice and forces the player to reflect on the mediated
nature of the experience (Bizzocchi & Tanenbaum, 2012). Within video games, the act of molding
the narrative to the players’ authorial vision might have a positive effect on their overall experience
as branching narratives can lead to improved enjoyment and flow experience (Moser & Fang,
2014).
The gameplay is justified in the narrative of a game. The narrative strings together events in the
game which provides a framework for the gameplay encounters (Dansky, 2021). Video games
have a limited range of events or game mechanics possible as they must be programmed in by the
designers. The narrative experience must be almost completely defined in advance (Dansky, 2021)
because if an action is not programmed into the game, a player will not be able to complete that
action. Game design tools such as random generation or procedural generation can increase the
range of possible experiences a player may have in a game.
Games can serve as a simulation of an environment, providing a different way (to movie or book
narratives) for expressing our worldview (Frasca, 2004). These simulations are not perfect as
limitations always exist and parts of the fictional world are not implemented in the rules. The game

34

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
35

rules select and stylize the domain that they are meant to simulate (Juul, 2005). Only some aspects
of the fictional world are ever actually implemented in a given game (Juul, 2005).
Games are very varied when it comes to techniques they use to tell stories, as games are a varied
medium. As such, the narrative within games differ from game to game. Aarseth (2012) identifies
four elements of the hierarchical model of classic storytelling that are relevant to games: world,
objects, characters and events.
1. World
Game worlds are virtual structures that can be explored by independent agents and have clear
boundaries of explorable space. What sets them apart from fictional worlds is their explorability
and that they do not depend on imagination, but have an objective existence through computive
machinery. The game world is split into ludic and extra-ludic space, the arena of gameplay and the
surrounding non-playable space. Chess contains only ludic space, while games like Counter Strike
have extra-ludic space surrounding the traversable ludic space where the actual gameplay takes
place.
2. Objects
Player agency is to some extent determined by the objects in the game world. Aarseth (2012)
categorizes six types of objects in terms of their malleability. Static, non-interactable objects (eg.
a rock in World of Warcraft). Static, usable objects (eg. doors in World of Warcraft). Destructible
(eg. rocks, trees and buildings in Valheim). Changeable (eg. weapons in Resident Evil 4).
Creatable (eg. craftable or buildable items in Conan Exiles). Inevitable (eg. computers in
Minecraft). Most game objects fit into several categories.
3. Characters
Aarseth (2012) categorizes the characters in games into three categories. Bots (robots) with little
individual identity. Shallow characters, which may have names and individual appearance but little
personality. Deep characters, which have a defined personality. The longer a character will be
onstage, or appear in the game, the more substance the character will need (Dansky, 2021).

35

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
36

Characters whose only purpose is to serve as opponents for the player to fight might be best
handled as bots.
4. Events
Aarseth (2012) categorizes events into four categories. Fully plotted or pure story events. Dynamic
satellites or playable story events. Dynamic kernels or multipath/quest events where the player has
choices to affect the outcome of the event. No kernels or pure story events.
An additional dimension where narratives can be expressed is through the interface. The interface
comes into focus every time the player interacts with the games mechanics, and has been a critical
direction for exploring ways to develop game narratives across multiple dimensions (Bizzocchi,
Lin & Tanenbaum, 2011). An instance of this is Warcraft 3: Reign of Chaos which features four
distinct factions. These factions are not only differentiated from each other by the look and feel of
their in-game objects (eg. units, buildings) but also the menus, control panels and frames
(Bizzocchi et al., 2011). Incorporating the narrative into the interface provides the player with a
greater sense of immersion and narrative engagement.
A key element of narratives are stakes. Stakes of the story are heightened by the possibility of
failure, which often manifests in video games as the death of the protagonist. However, this
prevalence of death as the failure state, and the nature of games has made the death of the
protagonist routine and without drama (Tocci, 2008). If the player character dies in game as a fail
state, it rarely evokes an emotional reaction such as sadness or reflection, but frustration (Tocci,
2008). The death of the character is rarely impactful on the narrative of the game and has the player
replay the in-game challenge until he or she succeeds, and can advance the narrative. Games rarely
do not gate the narrative behind the players succeeding challenges. This interruption to the
narrative progression is one problem of death and failure in story-oriented games according to
Tocci (2008). A second problem is the frustration over the player’s control over the games’
mechanics overshadows the emotional engagement the player feels in the story. Players are quick
to become frustrated by challenges if they feel like their mastery over the game’s controls are
lacking. This frustration and interruption to progression may lead to an interruption in a player’s
flow state.

36

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
37

2.7.1 Game Mechanics
Game mechanics are a narrative device unique to games. However, narrative game mechanics have
not been explored thoroughly by industry or academia (Dubbelman, 2016). Many games copy and
paste game mechanics from past titles in the same genre rather than design the mechanics to
support the story or mood of the game. An example of a game mechanic as a narrative device is
the revival mechanic of Dark Souls where the mechanic of restarting or retrying after a failure has
a role to play in the overall narrative of the series.
Game mechanics exist as a general structure that is necessary for something to be defined as a
game (Larsen & Schoenau-Fog, 2016). Järvinen (2007) defines a game mechanic as a constraint
of actions of the player by the designers of the game in order to encourage a certain kind of
gameplay. Another definition is from Sicart (2008) who defines game mechanics as “methods
invoked by agents, designed for interaction with the game state”. Game mechanics can be viewed
as a list of possible operations that can be invoked by any agent within the game, both human and
AI. Game mechanics are distinct from the rules of the game, as there can be no mechanics without
rules (Järvinen, 2007). Game mechanics are the actions that can be taken within the boundaries of
the game layed out by the rules (Sicart, 2008). The victory or failure conditions are not game
mechanics but the rules of the game, and game mechanics are what the player uses to achieve the
victory or failure conditions.
Game mechanics determine the stories the players will experience playing the game (Dubbelman,
2016). These story experiences are the outcome of the mechanics determining the actions possible
within the games environment. The actions performed by the agents in the game environment
serve to construct engaging stories and fictional worlds in the embodied mind of the player
(Dubbelman, 2016). The mechanics are not the only element that defines the stories and
experiences of the player. Other game elements, such as other players, rules and goal structure all
affect the mechanics of the game (Järvinen, 2007), and in turn affect the stories the player
experiences. Some themes, such as love, ambition and social conflict, have been more difficult to
implement into games due to the difficulty of implementing them in the rules (read: game
mechanics) (Juul, 2005). Games have evolved since Juul’s statement, and experimented with

37

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
38

exploring these themes, but the statement does express the importance between the theme or
content of the game and its mechanics.
The breadth of game mechanics are inherently limited. All the possible interactions in a game
require having to be programmed to function. Implementing even the obvious interactions possible
in real life into a game would require more resources than any game in development is able to
afford (Juul, 2005). Games generally only implement the essential game mechanics, rather than
trying to fully realize the breadth of real life possibility.
Horror is a genre of games that has built their game mechanics around the thematic content of the
games. Haahr (2018) found five ways horror games engage with sight and seeing: obscuration,
distortion, mediation, perspectivity and disruptions. Obscuration is the absence of vision to a lesser
or greater extent. It taps into primordial fears (Haahr, 2018) such as fear of the dark and what might
hide itself in the darkness. Distortion are mechanics where the visual and audio of the game
changes due to an ingame event or trigger. Mediation are filters through which the game world is
viewed. These filters can manifest as night vision goggles (splinter cell) or camera (Fatal Frame).
Perspectivity invokes a changing of perspective to denote an atmosphere or psychological state.
The camera might be placed in strange locations and the focal length of the camera might be
different to human vision (Haahr, 2018). Disruptions are temporary visual breaks that interrupt a
process, and when over, resumes the interrupted process. This can manifest as a vision or strange
visual occurrence.
Another game mechanic prevalent in horror is the trade-off between benefits versus rewards of an
action. Beneficial game actions can come at a cost (Haahr, 2018). Haahr (2018) exemplifies this
with light mechanics from survival horror games such as Amnesia: The Dark Descent, where the
light is required for vision and sanity, but may attract the attention of nearby monsters.

2.7.2. Character
As mentioned previously, emotional responses to games often stem from character attachment.
Characters serve a major role in making a narrative relatable to the player. In many cases, the
player character is a vehicle by which the player can project their own goals, skills, experiences

38

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
39

and understanding of the game (Simons, 2007) and acts as a proxy by which the player performs
actions in the virtual world (Kujanpää et al., 2007). Well-designed characters can play a crucial
role for instilling a sense of immersion in the player (Rogers, Aufheimer, Weber & Nacke, 2018).
When players control their avatar, or main character, in the game they become the character and
identify with the character while playing. Van Reijmersdal, Janz, Peters & van Noort (2013)
expresses this phenomenon as a merging of the player and character or in-game role. The
interactive nature of games means that there exists a different identification with the character by
the player compared to television or film (van Reijmersdal et al., 2013). While playing the game,
the player is the character. Van Reijmersdal et al. (2013) found that identification with the game
character had a positive relation to four gaming motivations: challenge, interest, social interaction
and escapism.
Mallon & Lynch (2014) identify three types of character relationships found in games: between
player and their avatar, between the player and a non-player character, and between two non-player
characters. In multiplayer games, a fourth character relationship between the player and other
players exists. Mallon & Lynch (2014) found that players enjoy building up relations between the
avatar and non-player characters in the game. These relationships can develop through a variety
of ways, such as help offered or received, humour exchanged, mutual experiences and a history of
interactions. This assumes that non-player characters are distinct from each other and the player
can differentiate them.
The games Dragon Age: Origins and Mass Effect 2 both use recognizable templates when
introducing their side characters, which ensures a sense of familiarity in their introduction
(Jørgensen, 2010). These recognizable templates can in the common vernacular be referred to as
tropes, which serve as a group of assumed character traits and behaviours commonly found in
literature and media. Characters do not always start out with great psychological depth.
Psychological depth requires an extended exploration of their character which requires extended
interaction with the player. This can be accomplished by elaborate backstories and character
growth and development (Jørgensen, 2010). Simons (2007) argues that (player) characters should
be viewed as more functional compared to emotionally and psychologically characterised entities

39

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
40

as seen in narratology within traditional media. The player has greater agency over the actions of
the character in a game, and can project themselves onto the character.
In order to fit the supporting characters into the narrative, their motivations and agendas should be
coherent with the narrative experience (Jørgensen, 2010). A narrative progression with exposition,
climax and resolution is dependent on supporting characters. Their actions and reactions to the
actions of the player contextualize the player’s actions (Jørgensen, 2010) and give them narrative
weight.
Romance in games appears to be particularly intriguing to players (Mallon & lynch, 2014).
Romance is a significant part of the human experiences. Love invokes elements such as chemistry,
intrigue, tension or wish fulfillment (Mallon & Lynch, 2014). Experiencing a romance between
their avatar and a non-player character can deepen the attachment the player feels towards the nonplayer character.
The relation and expectations of characters is different between men and women. The expectation
of character traits differentiates between genders. Rogers et al (2018) found that women had
expectations of greater positive traits for positive narrative roles (protagonists or allies) and greater
negative traits for negative narrative roles (antagonists or enemies). In a study with adolescent
girls, van Reijmersdal et al. (2013) found that girls experience the motivations of game characters
more intensely than boys. There was also a need for the game to contain topics that the girls wished
to learn about. In the study of van Reijmersdal et al. (2013) the topic they found motivated the
girls to engage with games was being a fashion model. In a study conducted on the preferences of
men and women in MMORPGs Park & Henley (2007) found that women were more likely to
choose to play as Elves, while men preferred Humans. Park & Henley (2007) also noted that men
were more likely to prefer traditionally evil species than women. Women considered the
appearance of the character an important factor, while men had fewer qualms about “monstrous”
options.

40

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
41

2.8 Summary
As online shopping grows, so too does the importance of innovation within the field. Emotions
affect customer’s preferences and choice (Dawson et al., 1990) and creates associations between
mood and product (Jansson-Boyd, 2011). Positive or negative moods affect the perception of the
world (Ethier et al., 2006, Bower et al., 1981) and their approach behaviors (Maddi et al., 2012,
Szymkowiak et al., 2020). Atmospherics have been translated from retail settings into webstores,
but they are limited to auditory and visual elements (Lim, 2013). Web atmospherics prompt
affective responses (Björk, 2010) and can manipulate not only visual elements, but interactive
elements such as hyperlinks, animations and buttons (Wu et al., 2008). Web atmospherics has a
significant academic literature presence. The field of affective computing however proved
insufficient for delving into developing features of inducing emotional response rather than
emotional measurement or emotional simulation.
In the study of game design, or ludology, emotions are a key aspect of games. Emotional
engagement with the game manifests in different forms such as emotional exploration (Jansz,
2005), immersion (Brown & Cairns, 2004), narrative experiences (Bopp et al., 2016), social
aspects (Dalisay et al., 2014), or flow (Csikszentmihalyi, 1990). Flow can help measure player
engagement and their positive experience (Nah et al., 2014) and connects to feelings of immersion
(Sweetser et al., 2017). A game attains flow in players by balancing the game's challenge with the
skills of the player (Adams & Rollings, 2007), being fun (Kim et al., 2015) and being well-paced
(Cardoso-Leite et al., 2020). The flow state is not exclusive to games, and has been observed in
online shopping (Mahnke, Benlian & Hess, 2015). Lastly, the theory explores narratives and their
interactive nature in games (Qin et al., 2009) which are characterised by player choice and action
(Dansky, 2021). Games can provide a carefully crafted storyline or present the player with the
tools and framework to construct their own narrative (Bizzocchi & Tanenbaum, 2012). Stories in
games are told through all elements of the game: world, objects, characters, events (Aarseth, 2012)
and game mechanics (Bizzocchi et al., 2011). While playing, the player merges with their avatar
to take on their character or role (van Reijmersdal et al., 2013) and acts in the gameworld using
the avatar as a proxy (Kujanpää et al., 2007).

41

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
42

Key aspects of games are interactivity, and web stores are interactive by nature. Narratives are an
inherent and primal way to achieve emotional engagement. Interactive stories provide the
participant the ability to experience the story first-hand (Larsen & Schoenau-Fog, 2016). This
suggests a greater ability to immerse the participant in the narrative. The next chapter will discuss
the creation of three prototypes that use narrative, atmospherics to support the theme of the
narrative, and characterisation with the inclusion of a supporting character. While using ludology
and existing marketing theory as a foundation, the features are explored in a gamified web store
environment in an effort to provide unobtrusive ways to increase emotional engagement while
retaining the simplicity of the core activity loop of shopping. Narratives in particular are of interest
in exploring if the ludology foundation impacts the implementation into the web store
environment.

42

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
43

3. RESEARCH METHODOLOGY AND RESULTS
This chapter is a review of the methods used in the data gathering phase of the study. This includes
the construction of the three prototypes, the testing of the prototypes and the data collection from
the research participants.
Based on the theory in the literature review, three prototypes were developed. The first prototype
(Basic Webstore) was designed as a blank slate webstore, inspired by existing web stores on the
market, such as H&M or Zalando’s Finnish web stores and illustrated through fig.1. The second
prototype (Halloween) was designed around a theme, which was reinforced through an interactive
narrative, character and atmospherics. The theme for the prototype was Halloween, and the
background was a halloween sale event. As illustrated in fig.2 the prototype used thematic
atmospherics to differentiate itself from the Basic Webshop. The third prototype (Narrative) was
designed to test a different type of narrative, without any atmospheric elements. As illustrated in
fig.3 it combined the aesthetics of the first prototype with a narrative invoking the feeling of
holidays and summer. No overarching theme for the third prototype was given, as the only
additional element was the narrative.

Fig.1 Basic Webshop

Fig.2 Halloween

Fig.3 Narrative

The prototypes were created through an online tool found on www.moqups.com. The tool uses
premade assets included with the online tool that one drags and drops onto a canvas to build a
mock-up. Most of the prototype was built using these premade assets, with custom images
uploaded onto the site and added to the prototypes. Images for the products featured on the

43

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
44

webstore were found through www.pexels.com, which provides free-to-use stock photos. The
prototypes were closer in scope to high-fidelity prototypes rather than low-fidelity ones. Visually
the prototypes were not as fully developed as a live webstore, but imitated the basic elements of a
webstore. Limited functionality was also built into all three prototypes. All three shared the same
buttons and method to navigate from one page to the next. The mechanics for navigating the
narrative were simple, with button choices to advance the narrative based on the player’s decisionmaking. Occasionally the respondent was forced to navigate through the site to be able to continue
the narrative. The Halloween prototype had pop-ups that appeared when hovering over a product
image, and choice buttons for the interactive narrative. The Narrative prototype only featured the
choice buttons for the interactive narrative. The intent was to provide an experience that would be
seen as authentic, which could serve as a natural environment for the affective elements to be
featured. This would provide an environment that would make it easier for respondents to focus
on their emotional experiences while using the prototype website. Both the Halloween prototype
and the Narrative prototype featured established characters that the respondents controlled in the
narrative. The respondents had some agency over the character in their decision making through
the choice button prompts. Both characters had few defining characteristics given. Timmy was
described as a boy, young and frightened, while Laura was described as a woman, holiday traveller
and confused. Other character features were left vague to allow a greater space for the respondents
to merge and identify with the character (van Reijmersdal et al., 2013).
Data was generated through two separate methods. The first was a set of three questionnaires, once
for each prototype, that respondents filled in after testing each prototype. The questionnaires were
created using Google Forms and were sent as a link to the participants when they completed each
prototype. The questionnaires asked the respondents’ age group, gender, average online shopping
activity. The respondents were then asked to check in an emotion, and the intensity with which
they felt the emotion, from a list. The emotions listed were irritated, dissatisfied, bored, fascinated,
joy, inspired, curious, amazed, frightened, happy, sad, amused, upset, content, assured, indifferent,
focused and creative. These emotions were based on Ekman’s (1993) categories of emotions that
could be identified through expression analysis. The intensity was categorized into three intensity
levels: low intensity, medium intensity and high intensity. Respondents were given directives to
only select emotions that they felt, otherwise they were directed to leave the field blank. The

44

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
45

respondents were then tasked with giving a numerical rating of the site with a possible range of
one to ten, where the higher the number the greater the user experience.
The second data generating method was a verbal interview with each respondent after he or she
had finished testing the final prototype and filled in the final questionnaire. The verbal interviews
were conducted online through Zoom, Discord or Teamspeak 3 according to the convenience of
the participant and were recorded for transcribing purposes through the application Open
Broadcasting Software (OBS). The interviews were freeform, but structured around four main
questions, with additional questions given based on the responses of the respondents. The first
question pertained to if the additional elements would prolong the respondents stay on a website.
The second question encouraged the respondents to speculate if their purchasing habits would
increase or decrease with the addition of new elements such as the ones they experienced during
the prototype tests. The third question asked respondents if they felt they would ignore any
additional elements or not. The fourth question asked respondents to recollect their emotional
engagement during their normal online shopping experiences. During this question respondents
were also asked from where these emotional experiences were based. A fifth question was asked
at the end of the interview that was aimed at encouraging respondents an opportunity to give
comments regarding the test itself and the prototypes.
Eight respondents took part in this study. All respondents fell into the age group of 18-35. Two of
the respondents identified as female, while six identified as male. Their shopping experience fell
into four categories. One respondent shopped on average two to three times a week. Two
respondents shopped on average once a month. Two respondents shopped once every two to three
months on average. Three respondents shopped less than once every three months. Seven of the
respondents noted that they generally have bouts of shopping where they shop online frequently
during a short period of time, but then take longer breaks between online shopping periods. This
drives their perceived average shopping down. This study was conducted during the Covid-19
pandemic, the respondents were urged to respond according to their shopping habits pre-pandemic.
Six of the sample group can be categorised into utilitarian consumers, while two can be categorised
as hedonic as per the definitions of Zhang et al. (2007).

45

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
46

3.1 Prototype 1: Basic Webstore
The first prototype, or Basic Webstore, was designed to look similar to a generic webshop, taking
inspiration from such sites as H&M and Zalando. The intention of the Basic Webstore was to form
a baseline that the two other prototypes could be compared to. It also served as a tutorial for the
navigation of the site. All three prototypes shared the same site navigation steps. The participants
gained familiarity with the site through the initial test, and could then more easily spot the elements
that differentiated the other two sites from the first. This led to easier navigation of the site and
more attention given to the additional website elements in the following two prototype tests.
Respondents were asked to fill in the emotions they felt during the prototype test. Irritated,
inspired, amused, upset and creative received a single response of emotion of low intensity.
Dissatisfied received a response of low intensity and one response of medium intensity. Bored
received three responses of low intensity and one response of high intensity. Fascinated received
two responses of low intensity. Joy received three responses of medium intensity. Curious and
content both received a response of low intensity, two responses of medium intensity and a
response of high intensity. Amazed received two responses of low intensity and one response of
medium intensity. Frightened received a response of low intensity and a response of high intensity.
Happy received a response of low intensity and a response of medium intensity. Sad received a
response of high intensity. Assured and focused both received two responses of low intensity and
one response of medium intensity. Indifferent received two responses of low intensity, one

46

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
47

response of medium intensity and one response of high intensity. The emotional responses are
presented in table 1.

Table 1. Emotional response of the Basic Webshop
If these emotional responses are weighted and given a numeric value, where low intensity = one,
medium intensity = two and high intensity = three, a view of which emotions garnered the largest
amount of emotional response begins to form. The response score is illustrated in table 1. This
method shows that bored, joy, curious, content and indifferent were the emotions with values of
six or greater. Irritated, inspired, amused, upset and creative received only one point each and thus
the lowest scoring emotions. Fascinated received a score of two, and the remaining emotions all
had scores of three or four.
The questionnaire asked respondents to give each prototype a numeric score based on their
subjective evaluation of the site. This value ranged from one to ten, where the higher the score, the
better. The basic webstore received a response of four and five respectively, while three
respondents gave a score of six. Two respondents gave the prototype a seven and one respondent
rated the prototype a nine. The mean value of the ratings was 6.25, with a median of six.

47

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
48

3.2 Prototype 2: Halloween
The design of the second prototype was based around a theme. The prototype was designed to be
a webshop during a Halloween sale event, and the features added to the site were designed around
the Halloween theme. The Halloween theme was chosen because the tests were carried out around
the Halloween period, and the Halloween holiday provides a very strong thematic context that
respondents can connect to. It was also chosen to test previous findings by Éthier et al. (2006) who
found that fear was among emotions whose intensity was dulled. Three extra features were added
to the site. The atmospherics of the site were changed, as the site received a darker theme, with
colours traditionally linked to Halloween, such as black and orange. No auditory atmospherics
were present. A narrative was added to the site that would unfold as the participant navigated the
site, occasionally prompting the participant to make choices for the protagonist. The narrative as
illustrated in fig.4, followed a young boy named Timmy on his evening trip back home, through a
graveyard and a night-time forest. The story used descriptive language designed to invoke fear or
unease in the reader and the writing was stylistically inspired by fairytales.

Fig.4 Halloween prototype story-choice
The third feature was a series of pop-ups when hovering over the picture of a product where a
skeleton character gave a brief piece of information regarding Halloween traditions or the product
that was being hovered over. The skeleton ended each message in the same style, giving it a noteworthy catchphrase. An example of the skeleton pop up is seen in fig.4.

48

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
49

Fig.4 Halloween Skeleton Pop-up
Respondents were asked in the questionnaire to fill in emotions that they felt during the test of the
prototype. Irritated received two responses of low intensity emotions, two responses of medium
intensity and one response of high intensity. Dissatisfied, sad and upset all received one response
of high intensity. Bored and indifferent had one response of medium intensity while inspired,
amazed and assured received one response of low intensity. Fascinated received three low intensity
responses and one response of medium intensity. Joy had two responses of low intensity and two
responses of medium intensity. Curious received one response of low intensity and high intensity
respectively, as well as, four responses of medium intensity. Frightened and content both had one
response of low intensity and one response of medium intensity. Happy and creative received two
responses of low intensity and one response of medium intensity. Amused received three responses
of low intensity, one response of medium intensity and one response of high intensity. Focused
received one response of low intensity and one response of high intensity. The results are presented
in table 2.

49

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
50

Table 2. Emotional Engagement of the Halloween prototype
When giving the emotions a response score (table 2) it becomes evident that some emotions
received higher engagement compared to the basic webshop prototype. Amused, irritated and
curious had the highest scores of a value of eight or above, where curious had the highest score of
twelve. Inspired, amazed and assured were the lowest felt emotions with a score of one. The other
emotions had scores ranging from two to six.
The questionnaire asked respondents to give a numeric score based on their subjective evaluation
of the prototype. The second prototype received one rating of three, four and five respectively.
Two respondents rated the prototype a rating of six. The prototype also received one rating of
seven, one rating of eight and one rating of nine. This gave the prototype an even spread of ratings,
although slightly more polarising than the first prototype. The mean and median values of the
second prototype are both six.

50

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
51

3.3 Prototype 3: Narrative
The design for the third prototype was built around testing only the narrative elements. The
structure of the website was identical to the basic webshop prototype, with the exception of a
narrative and interactive story. This story was written in a different style to the story of the
Halloween prototype, with the customer being presented shorter snippets of text at a time. The
focus of the story was comedic and using surprise as an element to catch the reader’s interest. A
positive mood state is conducive to increased purchasing habits (Babin & Darden, 1996) and
positive associations between mood and product (Jansson-Boyd, 2011). The style and choice
elements are illustrated in fig.6.

Fig.6 Narrative prototype story-choice
Respondents were asked in the questionnaire to fill in emotions that they felt during the test of the
prototype. Irritated, dissatisfied, bored, sad, assured and indifferent received one response of low
intensity emotional engagement. Fascinated and inspired received one response of medium
intensity and one response of high intensity. Joy received two responses of low intensity, three
responses of medium intensity and one response of high intensity. Curious received one response
of low intensity, two responses of medium intensity as well as four responses of high intensity.
Amazed and focused had one response of low intensity, two responses of medium intensity and
one response of high intensity. Frightened and content received two responses of medium intensity.
Happy received one response of low intensity and three responses of medium intensity. Amused
had one response of low intensity, two responses of medium intensity and three responses of high
intensity. Creative received two responses of high intensity. The emotional engagement is
presented in table 3.

51

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
52

Table 3. Emotional engagement of the Narrative Prototype
When the emotions are given a response score (table 3) it becomes obvious that several emotions
received higher emotional engagement in the narrative prototype. Joy, curious, amazed, amused
and focused all received high emotional engagement and were higher than in the previous two
prototypes. Irritated, dissatisfied, bored, sad, assured and indifferent were the lowest scoring
emotions with a single point each.
Respondents gave a numeric score to the prototype based on their subjective evaluation of it. The
third prototype received one rating of six, two ratings of seven and one rating of nine. Three
respondents gave a rating of nine and one respondent gave the prototype a rating of ten. The
prototype's mean value is 8.125 and the median value is 8.5.

52

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
53

3.4 Interviews
Seven out of the eight respondents said they would read a narrative if presented to them by the
website and that it would likely lead to a prolonged stay on the website. The response to their
purchasing habits changing due to the elements presented in the prototypes, the response was
mixed. Five respondents believed their purchasing habits would remain the same or that it might
prolong their stay on the website but the purchasing habits would still remain the same. Two
believed that they would consider visiting the webshop more than its competitors. One respondent
claimed they actively avoid purchasing products that are advertised by a website, but would be
more inclined to explore the site for additional features, such as the pop-up skeleton character.
When asked about emotional engagement that the respondents have felt when shopping on the web
normally their emotional experiences were mostly situational. Frustration or annoyance were
emotions mentioned several times and were emotions that were felt in response to poor webstore
functionality or design. Other respondents focused on emotions that they felt surrounding the
product they were shopping to buy, such as a gift for a specific holiday or person. One of the
respondents described their emotion being inspired by thoughts of how the receiver of the gift
would feel when presented with the gift. One respondent described climate change and
sustainability as core factors that she looked for when purchasing clothes. Buying products that
were presented as sustainable gave them a sense of being reassured about their product choice.
When asked if the respondents would ignore the elements that they experienced during the testing
if encountered during their regular web shopping, several of the respondents responded that they
would try to read them. This came with a caveat of the text or feature needing to be interesting and
attention-grabbing or else the respondents would ignore them. One respondent mentioned it
depended on the mood that he is in if he would engage with the elements or not. One respondent
mentioned that he feels there should be an incentive at the end for engaging with the narrative.

53

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
54

4. DATA ANALYSIS & DISCUSSION
This chapter analyses the results from the data collection process outlined in chapter three and
discusses the findings. The analysis focuses on the Halloween and Narrative prototypes, and uses
the Basic Webstore as a baseline. The discussion also includes a review of the limitations and
challenges of the research.

4.1 Emotional Response Analysis

Table 4. Prototype general rating
The general rating scores (table 4) had a great variance between the Basic Webstore and Halloween
prototypes, and the Narrative prototype. Although the first two prototypes had scores that were
within close proximity to each other with a 0.25 difference, the Halloween prototype utilizing
narrative and atmospherics was more polarising. The Halloween prototype received a slightly
lower score of three, than the Basic Webstore’s lowest score of four, while also receiving scores
as high as the Basic Webstore.
The numeric values assigned to each prototype in table 5 provide an indication of which emotions
the respondents felt across the board. The strength of these emotions is also represented in these
values. A growth in the strength of emotional response is apparent among the participants in
several of the ‘positive’ emotions from prototype to prototype. The ‘negative’ emotions see several
changes when the prototypes are compared. The positive emotions are categorised as fascinated,
joy, inspired, curious, amazed, happy, amused, content, assured, focused and creative. The
negative emotion category includes irritated, dissatisfied, bored, frightened, sad, upset and
indifferent.

54

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
55

Table 5. Weighted emotional response
On average, the Narrative prototype received the greatest level of positive emotional engagement.
Joy, curiosity and amusement were all at higher values for the Narrative prototype than any of the
previous prototypes. The negative emotions, such as irritated, dissatisfied, bored, sad, upset and
indifferent were all at a low value. The positive response for the Narrative prototype is directly
linked to the narrative element that was included. Aside from the narrative, the prototype was built
to be identical to the Basic Website prototype. The positive response may be attributed to the
strength of the narrative element present in the Narrative prototype. The lack of negative responses
to the Narrative prototype that were present in the Basic Webstore can also be attributed to the
narrative element.
The Halloween prototype whose narrative and theme was inspired by the Halloween holiday
received the least engagement with the frightened emotion. This may be explained by the
connection between Halloween and joy or fun rather than fear. It also received the greatest

55

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
56

response of irritation. Both Halloween and Narrative prototypes inspired curiosity, fascination,
amusement, and a sense of creativity to a greater degree than the Basic Webshop prototype among
the respondents.

4.2 Prototype Analysis
In the interviews three respondents noted that frustration or annoyance was an emotion they have
encountered before during their online shopping experiences. As an answer to the question of
“have you felt any emotional engagement while shopping online?” one respondent (female, 29)
responded:
“Besides being frustrated? Not really. It is usually frustration because their checkouts are usually
shit.”
This was one reason the respondents had identified as a cause of their frustration. One respondent
mentioned Amazon.com being frustrating to navigate and use, but did not elaborate. The final
reason the respondents noted as a source of their annoyance was if the webpage did not work, or
was slow and unresponsive. The general irritations of website usage would have had a presence in
each of the prototypes if the emotion was felt during the prototype test. We can infer that the source
of irritation is found in one of the new elements presented in the Halloween prototype.
The atmospherics that were included in the halloween prototype received some complaints in the
interviews. One of the participants (male, 30) made the following comment regarding the second
prototype:
“I was iffy about the colour theme. This is probably not a website I would visit. Making it too hard
to read can lead people to not wanting to deal with the website.”
This sentiment is reinforced by the numbers in figure four. The feelings of irritation were high for
the halloween prototype, whereas irritated barely had any presence in the other two prototypes.
One of the greatest problems with the atmospheric elements was the readability of the text. Orange
text on gray or black backgrounds lead to greater strain for the readers. Respondents felt a sense
of inconsistency in the website's theme, where not all buttons and text were of a consistent colour
or observed to be aligned correctly in relation to the other UI elements.

56

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
57

Another factor that could explain this increase in feelings of irritation are the pop-ups. One
participant (female, 26) exclaimed her dislike for pop-ups during the interview:
“Pop-ups are oftentimes annoying. (They) Can feel like they are in the way.”
Other participants did enjoy the snippets of interesting information and the characterisation that
the pop-ups provided. One respondent (female, 29) commented:
“If there was something that didn’t really catch my attention, then I’d look for the x button to close
it. With these, they had fun facts.”
Pop-ups should be used with caution. If designed well and used sparingly, pop-ups can provide
value for the customer. The results fall in line with a study by Bahr & Ford (2011) where they
report that users consider pop-ups annoying and frustrating. Another method of delivering the
same information to the user could risk less annoyance and frustration, while retaining the
characterisation and narrative benefits.
The narrative of the Halloween and Narrative prototype was different. The Narrative prototype
had less text and a simpler prose. Fewer adjectives were used to reinforce the theme, unlike the
Halloween prototype which focused on setting the scene and using flowery language. A traditional
style of writing was used in the Narrative prototype compared to replicating a fairytale style of the
Halloween prototype. The two narratives also had two distinct goals. The Halloween prototype’s
narrative was designed to elicit emotions of fear, uncertainty, fascination and unease. This
uncertainty was designed to draw in the reader and make them want to engage with the narrative
to find out what happens. A humourous approach was used in the narrative of the Narrative
prototype. It was designed with a surprise factor in mind and to challenge assumptions. This helped
pique the curiosity of the participant and entice them to continue reading after the first part was
presented.
Some respondents mentioned in the interview that their interest would wane if the text was too
long. “Engage people quicker” was the general sentiment of those respondents. The narrative
should be designed to hook the reader in with the first few words. The Narrative prototype
managed to achieve this and engaged the reader quickly. The Halloween prototype was considered
“meandering”. The Halloween narrative took too long to engage the reader and had a greater
amount of text presented to the reader at a time. One respondent (male, 29) commented:

57

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
58

“The text had preamble and if you start reading it, eh, (you feel like it takes) too much time.”
From the interview responses on the Halloween prototype the respondents clearly felt the narrative
to be too text heavy to read. One respondent said that he would have disregarded the text if he
hadn’t felt obligated to read it due to the testing taking place.
The theme of the Halloween prototype’s narrative does not seem compatible with web shopping.
The targeted emotions of fear, uncertainty, fascination and unease are ones, aside from fascination,
that do not positively impact the shopping experience. Evoking fear in a harmless way is difficult
in a scenario a person does not seek out for themselves. As one respondent (female, 26) notes:
“It’s a different thing to read a book of horror stories, rather than stumble upon them in your dayto-day life.”
Horror or fear is not an emotion that people seek out in their day-to-day lives. The prototype did
fail to achieve a sense of fear or unease in the respondents, but did achieve to evoke a sense of
fascination among some of the respondents. The lack of fear is in line with Éthier et al.’s (2006)
findings on the intensity of emotions during online shopping.
The story in the Narrative prototype did include product placement in the story. The product
placement was written as an up front but comedic element in the story. Only one respondent noted
this during the interview and felt the story was more in line with the product on display on the
website. The user feels a sense of disconnect between the story and the webshop if no correlation
between the two could be observed. Informative narratives surrounding the products presented on
the web shop could engage the customer to a greater extent than a purely fictional one. As
consumers gain more experience and information about a product the role of emotions on their
decision-making decreases (Salovey & Birnbaum, 1989). Product-based narratives link the
narrative element back to the core gameplay loop of shopping.

58

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
59

4.3 Research Questions
4.3.1 RQ1. Does the inclusion of game based features increase the positive affect
experienced among web-shoppers?
In the case of the Narrative prototype the inclusion of the comedic narrative element of game
design did increase engagement in key emotions of positive nature. There was a decrease in the
engagement with several negative emotions found in the Basic Webstore. Narrative prototype did
achieve the goals that it was designed for as evident by increased engagement with the amused,
amazement and joyous emotions.
In the case of the Halloween prototype, the inclusion of thematic narrative elements had a positive
and negative increase in emotional engagement. The Halloween prototype failed to invoke the
emotional responses that it was designed for, and was regarded slightly less favourably than the
Basic Website. The atmospherics and characterisation elements had fewer clear indications of
generating positive affect. A connection can be drawn between the atmospheric elements and the
frustration respondents felt. The frustration is believed to stem from a poor implementation of the
atmospheric elements from a user centered design perspective.
4.3.2 RQ2. Do narrative elements that are incorporated onto a webshop enhance the
shopping experience?
The results of this study indicate that the narrative elements are able to negate some negative
emotional engagement while enhancing positive emotional engagement. To achieve such results
the narrative should have a correlation to the webshop and its products. The narrative should catch
the reader’s attention quickly or risk being ignored. The narrative should be brief in its presentation
and the themes should not be incongruent with the webshop or products. The thematic components
of the narrative should be designed around the mood state that one wishes to evoke in the customer.
Comedic narratives had a greater positive mood response than serious narratives.
4.3.3 RQ3. Does the inclusion of atmospherics increase affect among web-shoppers?
With the data generated from this study, the thematic atmospherics did not have a noticeable
increase in positive affect. Some of the negative response to the Halloween prototype can be

59

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
60

directly attributed to the specific implementation of atmospheric elements in this study. The
implementation of atmospherics could have used a more refined approach, and suffered from some
limitations with the tools used. Drawing conclusions applicable to a generality of atmospherics
from the results of this study is difficult.

4.4 Limitations
The research of the study was originally intended to be carried out with eye-tracking and facial
recognition technologies present during the testing of the prototypes. However, with the Covid-19
pandemic and with lockdown imposed restrictions the research was by necessity changed from a
location-based testing to a fully web-based testing of prototypes. This meant that both facial
recognition and eye-tracking that were previously planned were discarded while the questionnaire
and interview were kept. While the data generated from the study is sufficient for the scope of this
study, a greater confidence in the results would be achieved, with additional data generation
methods present. The change in how the study was conducted also forced the results to rely on the
respondents’ own views of their emotional engagement. This relies on the respondents to formulate
the emotions and the study is not able to take into account any subconscious emotions that the
respondents may have felt. The change in research methodology did mean an easier access to
respondents.
One respondent did fill in an emotional engagement of at least low intensity on each emotion in
the questionnaire. It is impossible to know if this was because these emotions were felt during the
test, or if the respondent misunderstood the directives given for the questionnaire. These responses
did not significantly impact the general results of the study, although the existence of the possibility
that some emotions that received a single response of low intensity did not receive any emotional
engagement at all, is present. It can be assumed that any emotion of medium or higher intensity by
this respondent is at least a faithful representation of their experiences. The respondent’s other
results were in line with other respondents’ results.

60

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
61

5. CONCLUSION
Game design literature has touched upon immersion and evoking emotion in the player. Players
seek out life enriching experiences (Freeman, 2004) that allow players to explore and process
personal emotions (Jansz, 2005). The experience games offer is a combination of all elements of
the game from the visceral to the behavioural and reflective levels (Baharom et al., 2014). The
online shopping environment can be designed following the same design philosophy as found in
game design. Every element of the web shop can be designed to enhance the whole experience.
The research of this study has explored the implementation of three extra elements into a web shop
environment beyond the core shopping loop. Based on the results of the study a connection can be
drawn between comedic narratives and emotional engagement with online shoppers. Narratives
were found to increase the time spent on site, and the positive moods experienced by customers.
Positive moods have been found to impact customer spending (Babin & Darden, 1996), increase
impulse buying behaviour (Destari et al., 2019) and create associations between mood and product
(Jansson-Boyd, 2011).
The design of the extra elements to the online shop is important to the overall enjoyment of the
online shoppers. Overall enjoyment rose during online shopping with the inclusion of narrative
and the pop-up character, but frustration levels were increased with the implementation of thematic
atmospherics. Designing atmospherics or elements with a player-centric design approach
(Baharom et al., 2014), or a user-centered design, is important.
The scientific contributions of this study are twofold. Firstly, the implementation and exploration
of narratives in gamification. The results from the study suggest a greater positive mood when
comedic narratives are used for product compared to serious narratives in general contexts.
Secondly, a shift in design to include a design philosophy from game design or ludology when
designing online environments. The experiences presented and the interactive nature of games
allow a greater degree of emotional engagement and range when compared to traditional media.

61

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
62

5.1 Future Research
The scope of the study is limited. Theory of game design has a multitude of techniques and features
that are designed to engage emotions and the player. This study has explored the implementation
of three features in a webshop environment to a limited extent. Further research is required to
continue developing an emotional webshop environment and to explore each implementation
featured in this study in more depth and breadth.
Story and character narratives require further research in webshop environments. The data
generated in this study suggests narratives have a positive impact on the customer experience. A
more expansive study would be required with testing in a live shop environment to determine
direct value for a business. Future research should be conducted into how different thematic
elements connect to products or webstore environments. This study has touched upon two different
narrative styles and the emotional engagement differentiated between them. Themes such as drama
or action have yet to be explored. Additional research is also required to elaborate on the
differences between serious and comedic narratives and the contexts of their use in a gamified
environment. Product-based narratives have also not received much academic research in gamified
environments. Players engage emotionally with character narratives in games. The inclusion of
character-based narratives is an avenue left open for future research.
The inclusion of different game mechanics was not covered in this study due to its limited nature
and scope. Further, reward structures, achievements, leaderboards and virtual avatars have been
explored through gamification theory, and the concept of flow in shopping has been explored in
marketing theory. The social aspect and immersion aspects of game design have received less
focus in their application outside gaming and educational purposes. Immersion is a key part of the
flow state of games. Immersion may enhance the shopping flow state of online web shopping. The
viability of immersion and its role in the shopping flow state should be explored.

62

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
63

6. Summary in Swedish - Svensk Sammanfattning
Känsloväckande webbhandel
En ludologisk infallsvinkel
6.1 Inledning
Internetanvändningen ökar ständigt. En större del av den globala befolkningen har tillgång till
internet varje år, och den tillgång som befolkningen har blir allt mer avancerad. Unctad (2020)
rapporterade en ytterligare ökning i webbhandel från förväntade värden på grund av Covid-19
pandemin. Konsumenters sinnestillstånd påverkar deras köpsbeslut. I butiker har företag tillgång
till instrument som de kan använda för att skapa positiva sinnestillstånd bland konsumenter som
besöker deras butiker. Positiva sinnestillstånd främjar kunders känslomässiga erfarenheter och
impulsköp (Destari et al., 2019). I webbhandeln har företag mindre kontroll över kundens
sinnestillstånd då de inte kan kontrollera miljön kunden befinner sig i. Två element som inte har
översatts till samma effekt från butiker till webbhandeln är atmosfäriska element (eng.
atmospherics) och interaktion med personalen. Positiva känslor skapar positiva minnen och
erfarenheter mellan kunden och företaget. Detta kan leda till ökad kundlojalitet vilket har kopplats
till ökad avsikt att shoppa (Doong et al., 2011).

6.2 Syfte och forskningsfrågor
Syftet med denna avhandling är att utforska kundens emotionella engagemang i en webbhandel
miljö och hur deras känslor kan påverkas av en e-miljö. De nya funktionerna som studien fokuserar
på är berättande element (eng. narrative), webbaserade atmosfäriska funktioner, samt
karaktärisering. Studien faller under spelifikation, där element ur spel används i icke-spelrelaterade
sammanhang (Deterding et al., 2011). Funktionerna baseras på emotionell design eller
‘emotioneering’ (Freeman, 2004) som framkommer i speldesign litteratur. Funktionerna
undersöks i relation med deras effekt på användarnas erfarenhet med webbhandeln. Från syftet
och det ramverk som byggts upp har tre forskningsfrågor formulerats:
1. Kommer spelbaserade funktioner öka de positiva känslorna som webbkunder erfarar?
2. Kan

berättande

element

som

implementerats

på

en

webbhandel

förbättra

shoppingupplevelsen?
3. Kommer atmosfäriska element öka emotionellt engagemang bland webbkunder?

63

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
64

6.3 Teori
Enligt internetworldstats.com (2019) uppskattas run 4.5 miljarder människor globalt använda
internet. Många företag har expanderat till eller förflytta sig till en online marknadsplats.
Webbshoppar har inte kontroll över lika många delar av kundens erfarenhet som i detaljhandeln.
Temperatur, dofter, golv, möblemang och väntrum har inte en webbshop kontroll över (JanssonBoyd, 2011). Musik har en stark kapacitet för att skapa sinnestillstånd som kopplas till musiken
(Guéguen & Jacob, 2012). Kunder uttrycker snabbt frustration när webbsidor inte fungerar. Moon
et al. (2017) listar webbsidans kvalitet, funktionella eller navigerings problem, innehållsmässiga
och stilistiska problem som de områden användare oftast stöter på problem.
Känslor påverkar människors köpsbeslut. Människor kan ta sig till butiken genom ett motiv, men
känslorna som de upplever på marknadsplatsen påverkar deras preferenser och val (Dawson et al.,
1990). Vissa kunder är tvångsmässiga shoppare och drivs av att finna ett botemedel för depression
och tomhetskänslor (Krueger, 1998) eller förnekelse eller undvikande av stressiga omständigheter
(Maddi et al., 2012). Tvångsmässiga kunder faller oftast under hedonistiska shoppare som ser
shopping som underhållning, till skillnad från utilitaristiska shoppare som vill uppnå sina mål
effektivt och i god tid (Zhou et al., 2007).
I olika sinnestillstånd uppmärksammar människor olika delar av en helhet. Glada människor
uppmärksammar fler positiva detaljer (Bower et al., 1981). De känslor som människor har då de
första gången stöter på en produkt har en stor inverkan på personens förhållande till produkten
(Jansson-Boyd, 2011). Människor söker sig till produkter med glada associationer då de är ledsna
(Jansson-Boyd, 2011). Då en person får mer erfarenhet och information påverkar känslorna allt
mindre på personens förhållande till produkten (Salovey & Birnbaum, 1989). Endast visuella eller
hörsel signaler kan dock användas i digitala utrymmen (Lim, 2013). Grafiker, färg och länkar har
en positiv inverkan på nöje och upphetsnings tillstånd (Koo & Ju, 2010).
Konsumenter vill ha erfarenheter som berikar deras liv (Freeman, 2004). Många söker sig till spel
för de erfarenheter som spel kan ge dem, och många anser att spel är en känslosam erfarenhet
(Bowen, 2005). Spel utan emotionella erfarenheter har mindre värde för konsumenter (Freeman,

64

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
65

2004). Spel är interaktiva och har en möjlighet att integrera en rik växelverkan mellan spelaren
och den virtuella världen (Yannakakis & Paiva, 2014).
Spel har en förmåga att få spelaren att bli uppslukad i den aktivitet som spelet presenterar dem.
Fastän det finns skillnader i vilka upplevelser som anses känslomässiga i olika kulturer fann Ngai
(2005) att uppslukande var tvärkulturell. Interaktivitet kan förbättra förmågan att bli uppslukad i
ett spel (Giappone, 2015). Engagemang och upptagenhet är viktiga aspekter för att bli uppslukad
i en aktivitet (Brown & Cairns, 2004). Att bli uppslukad i en aktivitet är en del av flow. Flow
innebär ett optimalt sinnestillstånd där personen är fullständigt insatt och uppslukad i en aktivitet
(Csikszentmihalyi, 1990). Flow är viktig för att förstå engagemang och positiva erfarenheter i
spelsammanhang (Nah et al., 2014). Flow är beroende av åtta element: koncentration, utmaning,
spelarens färdigheter, kontroll, tydliga mål, feedback, att bli uppslukad i aktiviteten och social
interaktion (Sweetser et al., 2017).
Berättande element ger mening åt den virtuella världen, karaktärerna och utan dessa element skulle
spelet sakna mening (Taylor, 2002). Spelupplägget motiveras av spelets berättande element
(Dansky, 2021). Spel ger spelaren möjlighet att uppleva berättelser som om de är en del av
berättelserna (Larsen & Schoenau-Fog, 2016). Spelets berättelse ändrar efter att spelaren påverkar
spel miljön (Qin et al., 2009). Spelaren vill bli utsatt för val som ger dem en författares kontroll
över berättelsen (Bizzocchi & Tanenbaum, 2012). Aarseth (2012) kategoriserar de berättande
elementen i spel i fyra kategorier: spelvärlden, objekt, karaktärer och händelser. Ytterligare kan
spel mekaniska element också bidra till berättelsen (Bizzocchi et al., 2011).
Haahr (2018) beskriver fem sätt som skräckspel använder spelets mekaniska aspekter för att bidra
till berättelsen genom att manipulera hur spelaren ser spelvärlden: fördunkling (obscurity),
förvrängning (distortion), medling (mediation), perspektivitet (perspectivity) och störningar
(disruptions).

6.4 Metod och datainsamling
Baserat på litteraturen har tre prototyper utvecklats. Den första prototypen (Normal Webbshop)
utvecklades för att efterlikna en normal webbhandel. Den andra prototypen (Halloween)
utvecklades baserat på ett tema. Halloween prototypen innehöll atmosfäriska element, en pop-up
med karaktärisering och en berättelse. Den tredje prototypen (Berättande) utvecklades med den
65

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
66

första prototypen som bas men utöver Normal Webbshops funktioner innehöll prototypen ett
berättande element. Prototyperna utvecklades med moqups.com som verktyg, och innehöll färdiga
element som programmet hade tillgängligt. Produktbilder valdes ur ett sortiment av gratis att
använda bilder från www.pexels.com. Prototyperna innehöll funktionella knappar och användaren
kunde navigera genom webbsidan i egen takt. En berättelse presenterades åt användaren i
Halloween och Berättande prototyperna. Berättelsen var interaktiv och gav användaren
valmöjligheter som inverkade på hur berättelsen fortsatte. Användaren fick välja mellan
valmöjligheterna genom knappar på webbhandeln. Halloween prototypen hade ett mörkt färgtema
med Halloween färgerna: svart, mörkgrå och orange. Halloween prototypen hade ytterligare en
pop-up av ett skelett som gav användaren intressant trivia om Halloween traditioner.
Studien hade 8 deltagare som alla var i åldersgruppen 18-35, varav två var kvinnor och sex män.
Formuläret frågade deltagarna om deras webbshopping beteende. En deltagare handlade två-tre
gånger per vecka. Två deltagare handlade en gång per månad. Två deltagare handlade en gång per
två-tre månader. En deltagare handlade mindre än en gång per tre månader. Deltagarna anmärkte
att Covid-19 pandemin hade inverkat på deras webbshopping beteende men deltagarna
uppmuntrades att besvara med tanke på deras normala livssituation.
I studien fick användarna testa alla tre prototyperna. Som metod för datainsamlingen svarade
användarna på ett frågeformulär efter testet av varje prototyp. Frågeformuläret omfattade frågor
om deras ålder och kön, emotionella engagemang till prototypen och ett vitsord på en skala av ett
till tio för prototypen. Utöver frågeformuläret deltog användarna i en verbal intervju över Zoom,
Discord eller Teamspeak 3 efter att alla tre prototyper var färdig testade. Intervjuerna spelades in.
Intervjuerna var friformade kring fyra frågor. Deltagarna frågades om deras tid på webbsidan
skulle öka på grund av de nya funktionerna, om deras inköpsvanor skulle förändra, om de hade
känner emotionellt engagemang då de normalt webbshoppar och om de skulle ignorera extra
funktioner på en webbshop.

6.5 Resultat
Berättande prototypen fick det högsta engagemanget för positiva känslor. Glädje, nyfikenhet och
nöje fick högt engagemang bland deltagarna medan engagemanget med de negativa känslorna låg

66

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
67

på lägsta nivå av de tre prototyperna. Dessa resultat kan direkt kopplas till berättelsen och humor
elementet av berättelsen. Halloween prototypen hade högre mängd negativt engagemang än de två
andra prototyperna, men ett ökat positivt engagemang från den första prototypen. Atmosfäriska
elementen kan kopplas till det engagemang av negativa känslor som Halloween prototypen fick.
Hur studien genomförde de tematiska atmosfäriska elementen är orsaken för delar av frustrationen
och irritationen som deltagarna kände gentemot Halloween prototypen. På basis av den data som
genererats är det svårt att dra slutsatser kring atmosfäriska element.
Resultaten tyder på att berättande element kan förminska negativa känslor och öka positiva
känslor. För att utnyttja berättelser borde de ha en sammankoppling till produkterna som säljs på
webbshoppen, vara kortfattad och inte vara tematiskt inkongruent med webshoppen eller
produkterna. Temat borde omfatta sådana aspekter som väcker det sinnestillstånd som är
fördelaktiga för de produkter som webbshoppen erbjuder.
Studien är begränsad och kräver vidare forskning. De element som testades kräver fortsatt testning
och i nya sammanhang. Berättande element kan i vidare forskning genomföras i verkliga
webbshoppar. Samt borde olika tematiska element av berättelser i ett spelifierat sammanhang
utvecklas och deras koppling till olika produkter. De sociala aspekterna och att bli uppslukad i en
aktivitet kunde inte utforskas i denna studie men har potential för en positiv inverkan på en
webbshop miljö och shopping flow tillståndet.

67

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
68

REFERENCES
Aarseth, E. (2012) A Narrative Theory of Games. FDG ‘12: Proceedings of the International
Conference on the Foundations of Digital Games, pp. 129-133. doi:10.1145/2282338.2282365
Adams, C., Doucé, L. (2020) Online Sensory Marketing: The Crossmodal Effect of Background
Music and the Look and Feel of a Website on Consumer Reactions. Marketing Opportunities and
Challenges in a Changing Global Marketplace. Developments in Marketing Science: Proceedings
of the Academy of Marketing Science, pp. 285-296. doi:10.1007/978-3-030-39165-2
Adams, E., Rollings, A. (2007) Game Design and Development: Fundamentals of Game Design.
Pearson Prentice Hall. ISBN-10: 0321929675
Alghabarat, R., Dennis, C. (2010) 3D product authenticity model for online retail: An invariance
analysis. International Journal of Business Science and Applied Management, 5 (3).
Babin, B. J., Darden, W. R. (1996) Good and bad shopping vibes: Spending and patronage
satisfaction. Journal of Business Research, Vol. 35(3), pp. 201-206. https://doi.org/10.1016/01482963(95)00125-5.
Baharom, S. n., Tan, W. H., Idris, M. Z. (2014) Emotional Design for Games: A Framework for
Player-Centric Approach in the Game Design Process. International Journal of Multimedia and
Ubiquitous Engineering, 9(10), pp. 387-398. doi:10.14257/ijmue.2014.9.10.37
Bahr, G. S., Ford, R. A. (2011) How and why pop-ups don’t work: Pop-up prompted eye
movements, user affect and decision making. Computers in Human Behavior, 27 (2), pp. 776-783.
doi:10.1016/j.chb.2010.10.030
Baumann, N., Lürig, C., & Engeser, S. (2016). Flow and enjoyment beyond skill-demand balance:
The role of game pacing curves and personality. Motivation and Emotion, 40(4), 507–519.
doi:10.1007/s11031-016-9549-7
Bavelier, D., Green, S. (2019) Enhancing Attentional Control: Lessons from Action Video Games.
Neuron, 104 (1), pp. 147-163. doi:10.1016/j.neuron.2019.09.031
BBVA Open Mind (2016) What is Affective Computing? Retrieved 23.02.2021 from:
https://www.bbvaopenmind.com/en/technology/digital-world/what-is-affective-computing/
Bizzocchi, J., & Tanenbaum, J. (2012). Mass Effect 2. Bulletin of Science, Technology & Society,
32(5), 393–404. doi:10.1177/0270467612463796

68

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
69

Bizzocchi, J., Lin, M. A. B., & Tanenbaum, J. (2011). Games, narrative and the design of interface.
International Journal of Arts and Technology, 4(4), 460. doi:10.1504/ijart.2011.043445
Björk P. Atmospherics on tour operators’ websites: Website features that stimulate emotional
response. Journal of Vacation Marketing. 2010;16(4):283-296. doi:10.1177/1356766710372243
Bopp, J. A., Mekler, E. D. (2016) Negative emotion, positive experience?: Emotionally moving
moments in digital games. Proceedings of the 2016 CHI Conference on Human Factors in
Computing Systems, pp. 2996-3006. doi:10.1145/2858036.2858227
Bowen, S. (2005) Engaged learning: are we all on the same page? Peer review, 7 (2), pp. 4+.
Bower, G. H., Gilligan, S. G., & Monteiro, K. P. (1981). Selectivity of learning caused by affective
states. Journal of Experimental Psychology: General, 110(4), 451–473. doi:10.1037/00963445.110.4.451
Brown, E., & Cairns, P. (2004). A grounded investigation of game immersion. Extended Abstracts
of the 2004 Conference on Human Factors and Computing Systems - CHI ’04, pp. 1297-1300.
doi:10.1145/985921.986048
Bruyneel, S., Dewitte, S., Vohs, K. D., Warlop, L. (2006) Repeated choosing increases
susceptibility to affective product features. International Journal of Research in Marketing, Vol.
23(2) , pp. 215-225. doi:10.1016/j.ijresmar.2005.12.002.
Burkotler, D., Kluge, A. (2011) Online consumer behavior and its relationship with sociodemographics, shopping orientations, need for emotion, and fashion leadership. Journal of
Business and Media Psychology, 2(2), pp. 20-28.
Cambria, E., Hussain, A. (2015) Sentic Computing: Techniques, Tools and Applications.
Cognitive Computation, 7, pp.183-185. doi:10.1007/s12559-015-9325-0
Cardoso-Leite, P., Joessel, A., Bavelier, D. (2020) Games for Enhancing Cognitive Abilities.
Handbook of Game-Based Learning, pp. 437-468.
Cheng, F-F., Wu, C-S., Yen, D. C. (2007) the effect of online store atmosphere on consumer’s
emotional responses - an experimental study of music and colour. Behaviour & Information
Technology, 28 (4), pp. 323-334. doi:10.1080/01449290701770574
Csikszentmihalyi, M. (1990). Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience. Journal of Leisure
Research, 24(1), pp. 93–94

69

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
70

Dansky, R. (2021) Introduction to Game Narrative. In Bateman, C., Game Writing: Narrative
Skills for Videogames (pp. 1-24). Bloomsbury Publishing.
Dawson, S., Bloch, P. H., Ridgway, N. M. (1990) Shopping Motives, Emotional States, and Retail
Outcomes. Journal of Retailing, Vol. 66 (4), pp. 408-427.
Demangeot, C., Broderick, A. J. (2010) Consumer perceptions of online shopping environments:
A gestalt approach. Psychology & Marketing, 27(2), pp. 117-140. doi:10.1002/mar.20323
Destari, F., Indraningrat, K., Putri, M. N. N. (2020) Impact of Shopping Emotion Towards Impulse
Buying in E-Commerce Platform. Jurnal Manajemen dan Pemasaran Jasa, 13 (1), pp. 47-63.
doi:10.25105/jmpj.v13i1.6123
Deterding, S., Dixon, D., Khaled, R., Nacke, L. (2011). From game design elements to
gamefulness: Defining "gamification". doi:10.1145/2181037.2181040
Doong, H-S., Wang. H-C., Foxall, G. R. (2011) An investigation of consumers’ webstore
shopping: A view of click-and-mortar company. International Journal of Information
Management, 31 (3), pp. 210-216. doi:10.1016/j.ijinfomgt.2010.06.006
Dubbelman, T. (2016) Narrative Game Mechanics. ICIDS 2016: Interactive Storytelling, pp. 3950.
Ekman, P. (1993). Facial expression and emotion. American Psychologist, 48(4), 384–392.
doi:10.1037/0003-066X.48.4.384
Eroglu, S. A., Machleit, K. A., Davis, L. M. (2003) Empirical testing of a model of online store
atmospherics and shopper responses. Psychology & Marketing, 20(2), pp. 139-150.
doi:10.1002/mar.10064
Frasca, G. (1999) Ludology Meets Narratology; Similitude and differences between (video)
games and narrative. Retrieved 15.4.2021 from:
https://ludology.typepad.com/weblog/articles/ludology.htm
Frasca, G. (2004) Simulation versus narrative. In Wolf, M. J. P., Perron, B., The Video Game
Theory Reader, Routledge, pp. 221-235. doi:10.4324/9780203700457
Freeman, D. (2004) Creating Emotion in Games: The Craft and Art of Emotioneering. New Riders
Pub. ISBN-10: 0735713324

70

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
71

Gao, Q., Rau, P-L. P., Salvendy, G. (2009) Perception of Interactivity: Affects of Four Key
Variables in Mobile Advertising. International Journal of Human-Computer Interaction, 25 (6),
pp. 479-505. doi:10.1080/10447310902963936
Giappone, K. B. R. (2015) Self-Reflexivity and Humor in Adventure Games. The International
Journal of Computer Game Research, 15 (1).
Guéguen, N., Jacob, C. (2012) Congruency between instrumental background music and behavior
on a website. Psychology of Music, 42(1), pp. 29-34. doi:10.1177/0305735612453487
Haahr, M. (2018) Playing with Vision: Sight and Seeing as Narrative and Game Mechanics in
Survival Horror. International Conference on Interactive Digital Storytelling 2018: Interactive
Storytelling, pp. 193-205.
Hamari, J., Eranti, V. (2011) Framework for Designing and Evaluating Game Achievements.
Proceedings of DiGRA 2011 Conference: Think Design Play.
Hudlicka, E. (2008) Affective computing for game design. Proceedings of the 4th Intl. North
American Conference on Intelligent Games and Simulation, pp. 5-12.
Hunter, R., Mukerji, B. (2011) The Role of Atmospherics in Influencing Consumer Behaviour in
the Online Environment. International Journal of Business and Social Science, Vol. 2(9), pp. 118125.
Internet World Stats (2021) Internet Usage Statistics: The Internet Big Picture. Retrieved
23.2.2021 from: https://internetworldstats.com/stats.htm
Jansson-Boyd, C. V. (2011) Touch matters: exploring the relationship between consumption and
tactile interaction. Social Semiotics, 21:4, 531-546, doi:10.1080/10350330.2011.591996
Jansz, J. (2005) The Emotional Appeal of Violent Video Games for Adolescent Males.
Communication Theory, 15(3), 219-241. doi:10.1111/j.1468-2885.2005.tb00334.x
Jerman, D. & Završnik, B. (2012) The model of marketing communications effectiveness:
empirical evidence from Slovenian business-to-business practice. Journal of Business Economics
and Management, 13(4), 705-723. doi:10.3846/16111699.2011.620163
Juul, J. (2005) half-real. Video Games between Real Rules and Fictional Worlds. Cambridge MA:
The MIT Press. ISBN-10: 0262101106

71

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
72

Järvinen, A. (2007) Games without frontiers: Theories and Methods for Game Studies and Design.
PhD thesis.
Jørgensen, K. (2010) Game Characters as Narrative Devices. A Comparative Analysis of Dragon
Age. Origins and Mass Effect 2. Eludamos: Journal for Computer Game Culture, 4 (2), pp. 315331.
Kang, E., & Lakshmanan, A. (2017). Role of executive attention in consumer learning with
background
music.
Journal
of
Consumer
Psychology,
27(1),
35–48.
doi:10.1016/j.jcps.2016.03.003
Kawaf, F., Tagg, S. (2012) Online shopping environments in fashion shopping: An S-O-R based
review. The Marketing Review, 12(2), pp. 161-180. doi:10.1362/146934712X13366562572476
Kim, J., Forsythe, S. (2007) Hedonic usage of product virtualization technologies in online apparel
shopping. International Journal of Retail & Distribution Management, 35(6), pp. 502-514.
Kim, J., Jung, J., Kim, S. (2015) The Relationship of Game Elements, Fun and Flow. Indian
Journal of Science and Technology, 8(S8), pp. 405-411. doi:10.17485/ijst/2015/v8iS8/70740
Kim, M., Lennon, S. J. (2011) Consumer response to online apparel stockouts.
doi:10.1002/mar.20383
Kirman, B., Lawson, S., Linehan, C., Martino, F., Gamberini, L., & Gaggioli, A. (2010).
Improving social game engagement on facebook through enhanced socio-contextual information.
Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems - CHI
’10. doi:10.1145/1753326.1753589
Koo, D., Ju, S. (2010) The interactional effects of atmospherics and perceptual curiosity on
emotions and online shopping intention. Computers in Human Behaviour, Vol. 26 (3), pp. 377388. doi:10.1016/j.chb.2009.11.009
Kotler, P. (1974) Atmospherics as a Marketing Tool. Journal of Retailing, 49(4), pp. 50.
Krueger, D. W. (1988). On Compulsive Shopping and Spending: A Psychodynamic Inquiry.
American
Journal
of
Psychotherapy,
42(4),
574–584.
doi:10.1176/appi.psychotherapy.1988.42.4.574

72

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
73

Kujanpää, T., Manninen, T., Vallius, L. (2007) What’s My Game Character Worth - The Value
Components of MMOG Characters. Situated Play, Proceedings of DiGRA 2007 Conference, pp.
327-334.
Lai, C-J., C., C-C. (2012) Effects of placement point of background music on shopping website.
IEA 2012: 18th World congress on Ergonomics - Designing a sustainable future, 41 (1), pp. 54195421. doi:10.3233/WOR-2012-0840-5419
Lee, H.-H., Kim, J., & Fiore, A. M. (2010). Affective and Cognitive Online Shopping Experience:
Effects of Image Interactivity Technology and Experimenting With Appearance. Clothing and
Textiles Research Journal, 28(2), 140–154. doi:10.1177/0887302X09341586
Lewis, Z. H., Swartz, M. C., & Lyons, E. J. (2016). What’s the Point?: A Review of Reward
Systems Implemented in Gamification Interventions. Games for Health Journal, 5(2), 93–99.
doi:10.1089/g4h.2015.0078
Lim, W. M. (2013) The Effects of Web Atmospherics on Entertainment Gratification and Web
Irritation: Some Empirical Evidence from Online Shopping. Modern Applied Science, 7(12), pp.
15-23. doi:10.5539/mas.v7n12p15
McMahon, M., Henderson, S. (2011) Exploring the Nature of Immersion in Games to Enhance
Educational Engagement. EdMedia + Innovate Learning. Waynesville, NC, Association for the
Advancement of Computing in Education. ISBN:978-1-880094-89-1.
Maddi, S. R., Erwin, L. M., Carmody, C. L., Villareal, B. J., White, M., Gundersen, K. K. (2012)
Relationship of hardiness, grit and emotional intelligence to internet addiction, excessive consumer
spending, and gambling. The Journal of Positive Psychology, Vol. 8(2), pp. 128-134.
doi:10.1080/17439760.2012.758306
Mahnke, R., Benlian, A., Hess, T. (2015) A Grounded Theory of Online Shopping Flow.
International Journal of Electronic Commerce, 19(3) pp. 54-89.
Mallon, B., Lynch, R. (2014) Stimulating Psychological Attachments in Narrative Games:
Engaging Players With Game Characters. Simulation & Gaming, 45(4-5), pp. 508-527.
doi:10.1177/1046878114553572
Moon, B., Oh, H. (2017) Country of origin effects in international marketing channels: How
overseas distributors account for the origins of products and brands. International Marketing
Review, Vol. 34(2) pp.224-238.

73

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
74

Moser, C., & Fang, X. (2014). Narrative Structure and Player Experience in Role-Playing Games.
International
Journal
of
Human-Computer
Interaction,
31(2),
146–156.
doi:10.1080/10447318.2014.986639
Nah, F. F., Eschenbrenner, B., Zeng, Q., Telaprolu, V. R., Sepehr, S. (2014) Flow in gaming:
literature synthesis and framework development. International Journal of Information Systems
and Management, 1(1-2), pp. 83-124
Ngai, A. C. Y. (2005) Cultural Influences On Video Games: players' preferences in narrative and
game-play. UWSpace. Retrieved 2.2.2021 from: http://hdl.handle.net/10012/770
Nicholson, S. (2014) A RECIPE for Meaningful Gamification. Gamification in Education and
Business. Springer, Cham, pp. 1-20. doi:10.1007/978-3-319-10208-5_1
Pappas, Korouthanassis, Giannakos, Chrissikopoulos, (2015) Explaining online shopping behavior
with fsQCA: The role of cognitive and affective perceptions. Journal of Business Research, 69
(2), pp. 794-803. doi:10.1016/j.jbusres.2015.07.010
Park, A. E., & Henley, T. B. (2007). Personality and Fantasy Game Character Preferences.
Imagination, Cognition and Personality, 27(1), 37–46. doi:10.2190/ic.27.1.d
Qin, H., Patrick Rau, P.-L., & Salvendy, G. (2009). Measuring Player Immersion in the Computer
Game Narrative. International Journal of Human-Computer Interaction, 25(2), 107–133.
doi:10.1080/10447310802546732
Richter, G., Raban, D. R., Rafaeli, S. (2014) Studying Gamification: The Effect of Rewards and
Incentives on Motivation. Gamification in Education and Business, pp. 21-46. doi:10.1007/9783-319-10208-5_2
Rogers, K., Aufheimer, M., Weber, M., Nacke, L. E. (2018) Towards the Visual Design of NonPlayer Characters for Narrative Roles. GI ‘18: Proceedings of the 44th Graphics Interface
Conference. doi:10.20380/GI2018.21
Ryan, M-L., Ruppert, J., Bernet, J. W. (2004) Narrative Across Media: The Languages of
Storytelling. U of Nebraska Press.
Sabanoglu, T. (2021) Retail e-commerce sales worldwide from 2014 to 2024. Retrieved 16.05
from: https://www.statista.com/statistics/379046/worldwide-retail-e-commerce-sales/

74

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
75

Salovey, P., & Birnbaum, D. (1989). Influence of mood on health-relevant cognitions. Journal of
Personality and Social Psychology, 57(3), 539–551. doi:10.1037/0022-3514.57.3.539
Sautter, P., Hyman, M. R., Lukošius, V. (2004) E-tail atmospherics: A critique of the literature
and model extension. Journal of Electronic Commerce Research, 5(1), pp. 14-22
Sexton, J. (2007). Music, Sound and Multimedia: From the Live to the Virtual. Edinburgh:
Edinburgh University Press.
Sheldon, L. (2004) Character Development and Storytelling for Games. Cengage Learning.
ISBN:1592003532
Shouse, E. (2005). Feeling, Emotion, Affect. M/C Journal, 8(6). doi: 10.5204/mcj.2443
Sicart, M. (2008) Defining Game Mechanics. The international journal of computer game
research, 8(2).
Simons, J. (2007) Narrative, Games, and Theory. The international journal of computer game
research, 7 (1).
Spanellis, A. & Dörfler, V. & Macbryde, J. (2016). Gamification and innovation: a mutually
beneficial union. BAM 2016: 30th Annual Conference of the British Academy of Management.
Sweetser, P., Johnson, D., Wyeth, P., Anwar, A., Meng, Y., Ozdowska, A. (2017) GameFlow in
Different Game Genres and Platforms. Computers in Entertainment. doi:10.1145/3034780
Szymkowiak, A., Gaczek, P., Jeganathan, K., Kulawik, P. (2020) The impact of emotions on
shopping behavior during epidemic. What a business can do to protect customers. Journal of
Consumer Behaviour, 20 (1), pp. 48-60. doi:10.1002/cb.1853
Taylor, L. (2002). Video games: Perspective, point-of-view, and immersion. Unpublished master’s
thesis, University of Florida, Gainesville, FL.
Tinwell, A., Grimshaw, M., Nabi, D. A., Williams, A. (2011) Facial expression of emotion and
perception of the Uncanny Valley in virtual characters. Computers in Human Behavior, 27(2), pp.
741-749. doi:10.1016/j.chb.2010.10.018
Tocci, J. (2008) “You Are Dead. Continue?”: Conflicts and Complements in Game Rules and
Fiction. Eludamos. Journal for Computer Game Culture, 2(2), pp. 187-201.

75

M.Thölix: Emotion-Inducing Web Shopping
76

Unctad (2020) COVID-19 and E-commerce: Findings from a survey of online consumers in 9
countries. Retrieved 28.1.2021 from:
https://unctad.org/system/files/official-document/dtlstictinf2020d1_en.pdf
Van Reijmersdal, E. A., Janz, J., Peters, O., van Noort, G., (2013) Why girls go pink: Game
character identification and game-players’ motivations. Computers in Human Behavior, 29 (6),
pp. 2640-2649. doi:10.1016/j.chb.2013.06.046
Wang, H., Sun, C.-T. (2011). Game Reward Systems: Gaming Experiences and Social Meanings.
Paper Presented at the DiGRA ‘11 - Proceedings of the 2011 DiGRA International Conference:
Think Design Play. ISSN: 2342-9666
Wei, H. (2010) Embedded Narrative in Game Design. Futureplay ‘10: Proceedings of the
International Academic Conference on the Future of Game Design and Technology, pp. 247-250.
doi:10.1145/1920778.1920818
Wu, C., Cheng, F., Yen, D. C. (2008) The atmospheric factors of online storefront environment
design: An empirical experiment in Taiwan. Information & Management, 45(7), pp. 493-498.
doi:10.1016/j.im.2008.07.004
Yannakis, G. N., Paiva, A. (2014) Emotion in Games. The Oxford Handbook of Affective
Computing, pp. 459-471. ISBN:9780199942244
Zhao, S., Yao, H., Gao, Y., Ding, G., Chua, T. (2016) Predicting Personalized Image Emotion
Perceptions in Social Networks. Transactions on Affective Computing, 9(4), pp. 526-540.
doi:10.1109/TAFFC.2016.2628787
Zhou, L., Dai, L., Zhang, D. (2007) Online shopping acceptance model - A critical survey of
consumer factors in online shopping. Journal of Electronic Commerce Research, Vol. 8(1), pp.
41-62
Zimmermann, P., Guttormsen, S., Danuser, B., & Gomez, P. (2003). Affective Computing—A
Rationale for Measuring Mood With Mouse and Keyboard. International Journal of Occupational
Safety and Ergonomics, 9(4), 539–551. doi:10.1080/10803548.2003.11076589
Éthier, J., Hadaya, P., Talbot, J., Cadieux, J. (2006) B2C web site quality and emotions during
online shopping episodes: An empirical study. Information & Management, Vol. 43(5), pp. 627639. doi:10.1016/j.im.2006.03.004

76

