Potential Energy Crops and Their Utilization
Technologies in Ostrobothnia
Robert Back

Master’s thesis
Supervisor: Prof. Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho
Energy Technology, Vasa
Study programme in Chemical Engineering
Faculty of Science and Engineering
Åbo Akademi University
June 2, 2021

ABSTRAKT
Det finns ett ökande behov att ersätta fossila bränslen med miljövänligare alternativ för att
minska mängden växthusgaser som förorsakas av användningen av fossila bränslen. Detta
betyder att användningen av förnyelsebara energikällor måste öka. Ett möjligt sätt att uppnå
detta är att odla biomassa som kan användas som råmaterial för att tillverka olika bränslen
eller användas i olika former för att producera elektricitet och fjärrvärme. Biomassan som
odlas måste vara av en art som tål de varierande förhållanden i Finland, måste ha hög
avkastning per hektar och måste relativt lätt kunna konverteras till bränsle av något slag.
Österbotten har valts som exempelområde eftersom det finns många företag i regionen som är
aktiva inom energisektorn och det torde därför finnas kunskap för att på ett så effektivt som
möjligt sätt kunna utnyttja biomassan.
Syftet med detta arbete är att undersöka vilka växter som är lämpliga för de
finska

klimatförhållanden,

deras

avkastning,

olika

förbehandlingstekniker

samt

vidarebehandling av biomassan till användbara bränslen. De olika slutprodukterna som kan
erhållas presenteras också.
Genom att använda data från källorna i teoridelen framställdes ett Excel
kalkylblad som användes för att beräkna värden som användes för att jämföra mängden energi
som skulle kunna tas tillvara från förbränning av fast biomassa och från förbränning av
biogasen som bildats om biomassan hade omvandlats till biogas genom anaerob rötning.
Resultaten från beräkningarna visar att för vissa växter är anaerob rötning och
förbränning av den producerade biogasen är ett bättre alternativ med tanke på energimängden.
Beroende på om biomassan ska förbrännas eller rötas anaerobt bör olika växter odlas. Om
förbränning är den valda omvandlingsmetoden bör Miskantus odlas medan om biomassan
skall anaerobt rötas är hampa det bästa alternativet.
För att göra resultaten mera jämförelsebara med varandra borde
förbehandlingens inverkan tas i beaktande: hur den påverkar mängden biomassa som finns
kvar för vidare behandling, hur förbehandling påverkar biomassans kvalitet och energin som
kan tas tillvara. I detta arbete har förbehandlingens inverka på biomassan inte tagits i
beaktande utan fokus ha lagts på biomassornas avkastning och energimängd. Därför kan
energimängderna som fås ur växterna vara högre än de är i verkligheten.
Nyckelord: biomassapotential, energigröda, förbehandling, förbränning, förgasning, rötning

ABSTRACT
There is an ever increasing need to replace fossil fuels with less polluting and more
environmentally friendly alternatives. This means that the usage of renewable energy source
must increase. One such energy source could be biomass grown specifically for the purpose
of using it as an energy source or as a raw material which is used to produce various fuels. The
type of biomass grown needs to be able to survive in Finnish climate conditions, has to have
a high yield per hectare and needs to able to be converted to fuel easily. Ostrobothnia on the
west coast of Finland was chosen as the area where to grow biomass since there are many
companies that are involved in the energy sector and therefore the know-how on how to best
utilize the biomass should exist in the region.
The purpose of this work is to investigate suitable plants for growth in the
Finnish climate, their yield, different pretreatment technologies as well as further refinement
of the biomass into a useable fuel. The different end-products will also be discussed briefly.
First, a literature review was performed to find data on different biomasses
grown in Finnish conditions or conditions similar to those in Finland. An Excel file was then
used to input and calculate different data in order to determine which plants are the most
promising in terms of biomass and energy yield when utilized.
The results indicate that anaerobic digestion of some of the biomasses and
combustion of the resulting gas is more energy efficient than combustion of the biomass.
Depending on whether the biomass is to be combusted or anaerobically digested, different
biomasses need to be grown. If combustion is the preferred method of heat and power
generation then based on the calculations Miscanthus should be cultivated. If, however, the
biomass is to be anaerobically digested, then hemp would be the ideal plant to grow.
To make the results more comparable and realistic the effect of pretreatment
needs to be taken into account: how it affects the amount biomass that is available for further
use after it has been pretreated, how pretreatment affects the quality of the biomass and
subsequent energy yields. The effect of any pretreatment of the biomass has not been taken
into account in this work since more focus was put on finding suitable plants and their energy
yields. Therefore, the amounts of energy achieved may be somewhat higher than what would
be achievable in reality.
Key words: biomass potential, energy crops, pretreatment, combustion, gasification, digestion

TABLE OF CONTENTS
ABSTRAKT ................................................................................................................. 2
ABSTRACT ................................................................................................................. 3
TABLE OF CONTENTS ............................................................................................. 4
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ......................................................................................... 5
LIST OF SYMBOLS AND ABBREVIATIONS ......................................................... 6
1 INTRODUCTION ..................................................................................................... 8
2 LITERATURE REVIEW ........................................................................................ 10
2.1
Energy Crops ............................................................................................... 10
2.1.1
Straw ........................................................................................................ 10
2.1.2
Willow ...................................................................................................... 11
2.1.3
Poplar ....................................................................................................... 14
2.1.4
Hemp ........................................................................................................ 15
2.1.5
Reed Canary Grass ................................................................................... 18
2.1.6
Miscanthus ............................................................................................... 19
2.2 Biomass Composition .................................................................................. 22
2.3 Pretreatment ................................................................................................. 23
2.3.1
Physical Pretreatment ............................................................................... 24
2.3.2
Chemical Pretreatments ........................................................................... 26
2.3.3
Physicochemical Pretreatments................................................................ 30
2.4
Thermal Conversion of Biomass ..................................................................... 31
2.5
Thermochemical Treatment of Biomass ......................................................... 35
2.6
Biochemical Conversion ................................................................................. 42
2.6.1
Anaerobic Digestion ................................................................................ 42
2.6.2
Fermentation ............................................................................................ 43
2.7
Refinement and Final Products ....................................................................... 46
2.7.1
Syngas ...................................................................................................... 46
2.7.2
Biogas....................................................................................................... 47
2.7.3
Biohydrogen ............................................................................................. 49
2.7.4
Bioethanol ................................................................................................ 49
2.7.5
Biodiesel................................................................................................... 51
3 MATERIAL AND METHODS .............................................................................. 52
4 RESULTS ................................................................................................................ 54
5 DISCUSSION ......................................................................................................... 56
6 CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS .................................................. 57
SVENSK SAMMANFATTNING ............................................................................. 59
REFERENCES ........................................................................................................... 62
APPENDICES ............................................................................................................ 67

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I’m extremely grateful to Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho for all her help with this
thesis. I would also like to thank Annemarie Södergård for greatly improving the
Swedish title of my thesis. Finally, I would like to thank my family for their support.

LIST OF SYMBOLS AND ABBREVIATIONS
AD

Anno Domini

ASBR

Anaerobic sequencing batch reactor

Ca(OH2)

Calcium hydroxide

CaCO3

Calcium carbonate

CaS

Calcium sulfide

CH4

Methane

CHP

Combined heat and power

CO2

Carbon dioxide

CSTR

Continuously stirred reactor

DFB

Dark fermentative bacteria

Fe(OH)3

Iron oxide-hydroxide

Fe2O3

Iron oxide

FT

Fischer-Tropsch

g/Nm3

Grams per normal cubic meter

H2

Hydrogen

H2S

Hydrogen sulfide

H2SO4

Sulfuric acid

HCl

Hydrogen chloride

HHV

Higher heating value

HRT

Hydraulic retention time

kWe

Kilowatt equivalent

LHV

Lower heating value

LHW

Liquid hot water

mL

Milliliter

MPa

Megapascal

MWe

Megawatt equivalent

MWth

Megawatt thermal

NOX

Nitrous oxides

PFB

Photo fermentative bacteria

RCG

Reed canary grass

SCW

Super critical water

SCWG

Super critical water gasification

SOX

Sulfur-oxides

VS

Volatile solids

Wt-%

Weight percent

ZnO

Zinc oxide

1 INTRODUCTION
There is a growing need to replace fossil fuels with greener, more environmentally
friendly alternatives. There are many different alternatives for this depending on the
intended end product. The European Commission (2020) proposed as part of the
European Green Deal that by 2030, the European Union would have achieved the goals
of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by at least 40% compared to 1990. The
renewable energy share in the union is to be at least 32% and the energy efficiency
must improve by at least 32.5%.
Since the European Union is pushing for higher shares of renewable energy sources,
there needs to be a way to meet these demands. In response to this, the Finnish
government has put forward lofty goals for how to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
and states in the report titled Finland’s Integrated Energy and Climate Plan (Ministry
of Economic Affairs and Employment, Ministry of the Environment, Ministry of
Agriculture and Forestry, Ministry of Transport and Communications, Ministry of
Finance, 2019): “The Government will work to ensure that Finland is carbon neutral
by 2035 and carbon negative soon after that. We will do this by accelerating emissions
reduction measures and strengthening carbon sinks. […] Electricity and heat
production in Finland must be made nearly emissions-free by the end of the 2030s
while also taking into account the perspectives of security of supply.” A possible
solution to this would be growing biomass to be used as a raw material source for
various end uses, such as transportation fuel, combined heat and power (CHP) or
domestic use.
There are many benefits to using renewable energy sources, as it is a way of
guaranteeing a safe, sustainable and easily accessible energy economy. Renewable
energy emits in general far lower amounts of pollutants than fossil fuels. Burning of
fossil fuels releases pollutants, such as carbon, nitrogen and sulfur dioxide, and
contributes to climate change. Access to fossil fuels is also restricted, since they are
buried underground or under the ocean floor. Locating and extracting the fossil fuels
is also becoming more difficult and expensive and will continue to become more so as
usage of fossil fuels increases. The price of oil is especially volatile and dependent on
many factors. An increase in price can also have far-reaching consequences, such as
the oil crisis during the 1970’s (Gopalakrishnan, et al., 2019).

Belyakov (2019) states that there are several reasons as to why biomass is an attractive
source of energy. A key reason is that biomass is renewable and domestically available
in many countries and sulfur oxide emissions are lower for biomass, since it naturally
contains less sulfur than fossil fuels. Depending on climate and region, a large variety
of crops that could allow for combinations with energy and food production could be
grown. Biomass also has the potential to provide energy and energy-intensive products
such as liquid, gaseous or solid fuels, chemicals and chemical feedstock as well as
lumber, paper and other finished products and goods.
The purpose of this work is to investigate suitable plants for growth in
the Finnish climate, their yield, different pretreatment technologies as well as further
refinement of the biomass into a useable fuel. The amount of heat and power that could
be produced from the energy crops or fuels derived from them is also investigated to
see which crops should be grown based on the amount of energy obtained from them.
The different end-products will also be discussed briefly. In this work, the region of
Ostrobothnia on the west coast of Finland is used as the region where to grow the
biomass. There are many companies working within the energy sector in the region.
Thus, there should be know-how concerning how to most effectively utilize the
biomass for energy production.

2 LITERATURE REVIEW
The following chapters will present different energy crops that can be grown in Finland
as well as pretreatment options, methods for extracting energy from the biomass and
different end products that can be achieved by using biomass as raw material.

2.1 Energy Crops
The following chapters will present different energy crops that can be grown in Finnish
climate conditions. Focus has been placed on sources that involve growing energy
crops in Finnish and Swedish climate conditions.

2.1.1 Straw
The straw of cereals such as barley, wheat, rye and oat that is left in the fields to decay
after harvesting could be used as solid fuel or be gasified. Straw and wood-based fuels
share some properties, for example, their elementary composition is quite similar. Both
fuels also contain high volumes of volatile matters and, when combusted, burn with a
tall flame which requires a large burning space. Unlike wood, however, straw has a
low density, 30-40 kg/m3 when loose and around 100-150 kg/m3 when baled. Straw
has a high ash content, low energy density and low ash melting temperature. The ash
melting temperature varies greatly between cereal species, so combustion of straw
requires a boiler grate which works with both melted and unmelted ash. If straw is to
be combusted, a moisture content of 20% or less is recommended (Alakangas, et al.,
2016).
The chemical composition of straw varies between species and is also affected by
factors such as the age of the plant and cultivation conditions such as weather, soil
type and fertilization. The time of harvesting also affects the composition of the
biomass. If the straw is harvested early, so called yellow straw, the chlorine content
can be four times higher than if it is harvested late (grey straw) (Alakangas, et al.,
2016). Grey straw is straw that has been left in the field for some time after harvest
and has been exposed to considerable amounts of rain after harvest. Minimizing the
amount of chlorine in the straw is important in order to avoid corrosion in the boiler

and pipes (Skøtt, 2011).
Table 1 Data for straw in Finnish climate conditions

Straw
Average yield
Moisture content
HHV
Ash content

Source
t/ha/a
%
MJ/kg
%

2
17-25
18-19
4-12

(Seppälä, et al., 2008)
(Alakangas, et al., 2016)
(Parvez, Lewis & Afzal, 2021)
(Parvez, Lewis & Afzal, 2021)

2.1.2 Willow
Willow is mostly grown for use as fuel in combined heat and power generation in
plantations that are made up of closely planted fast-growing species of willow. There
are around 300 different species of willow that grow in the Northern hemisphere, but
only a few of these are suitable for use as short rotation crops. Crossbreeding between
different willow species has been done since the 1970’s to produce a hybrid that would
be suitable for this kind of cultivation (Gustafsson, Larsson & Nordh, 2007).
Characteristic for different willow species is their fast growth, high resprouting
capacity (the ability to grow new shoots from the stump after harvesting), short
breeding cycle, high genetic diversity, few pest problems, and most importantly, the
potential for large biomass production. Willow plantations are typically managed as
short rotation coppice, meaning that there are multiple harvests and regrowths from
the same stump. Willow has so far been used mostly as solid fuel for heat and power
generation but may in the future become a source for liquid and gaseous fuels as well
(Nordborg, et al., 2018). According to Gustafsson, Larsson & Nordh (2007), willow
can be planted close to its end user and in this way contribute to a local sustainable
energy supply. A well-managed willow plantation can achieve 8-10 tons dry matter of
willow chips per hectare per year, which equates to the energy contents of 4-5 m³ of
oil. Beside from their role as a fuel supply, willow plantations also serve the purpose
of taking up nutrients from municipal wastes such as sewage sludge, sewage water,
run-off water from landfills and ash from powerplants. The plants can also help with
cleaning soil that has too high levels of heavy metals Gustafsson, Larsson & Nordh,
2007).
Sowing of willow is done in spring or early summer, usually between

April and June, and it is harvested in winter between November and April when the
plant has stopped growing and the leaves have fallen off. Harvesting is done in
intervals of 3-4 years and the overall lifespan of a plantation is 25 years or more. This
means that the plantation can be harvested 5-6 times in its lifespan. After that the
stumps can be removed and the area used for growing willows can return to normal
agricultural use.
As other crops willow needs good care to grow well. The most important
step to assure a good return on the crops is to make sure the establishment of the crops
is done properly. Weeding is therefore important, as is fertilizing (Gustafsson, Larsson
& Nordh, 2007).
According to Gustafsson, Larsson & Nordh (2007), the recommended
pH-value of the soil for a willow plantation should be between 5.5 and 7.5. Clay-based
earths are suitable for growing willow. With regard to field size, 5 hectares or greater
is recommended. Preparation of the field is of utmost importance in order to get rid of
couch grass and the best way to achieve this is by ploughing the field a year before
willow is to be planted and treat the field with glyphosate-based herbicide during the
summer. During autumn the field is to be plowed and if there are still weeds growing
in the field during spring, then the field can be re-treated with more herbicide. Before
sowing can start the field needs to be harrowed just like with other crops. It is
recommended that the depth to which the field be harrowed is between 6-10 cm. To
be noted is also that removal of stones from the field is important to avoid damage to
the harvesting equipment.
The willows to be planted are one year old and are prepared in winter
and are kept at -4 °C in a cold-room until the time that planting can begin in spring. A
few days before planting begins the seedlings are taken out of the cold-room. It is
important to keep the seedlings in a cool and shaded place during planting. Planting of
the seedlings is done as previously stated between April and June., However, the
earlier one is able to plant the seedlings, the greater their chance of good establishment
and growth during the first year. Planting is done with a machine that cuts the seedlings
to a smaller size, around 18 cm long and then plants them. They are then stuck down
into the field so that only 1-2 centimeters are above ground, this helps prevent drying
of the seedling. The total amount of seedlings planted per hectare are around 13 000.
Because of this it is important to have a clear plan of how to plant the willows.

During the establishment phase weeding is of the utmost importance.
Weeds compete with the willows for nutrition, water and light and if left unattended
leads to the weakening of the willows and thus them growing slower. Before the
seedlings start to sprout, preferably within a week of planting, it is recommended to
spray the field with some kind of herbicide that prevents weed seeds from growing.
As the effect of the herbicide subsides mechanical weed removal may be used. If the
weeding has been successful during planting, there is no further need for chemical or
mechanical weeding. A year after planting the willows will have developed a greater
root system and are developing many new sprouts and thus shadowing the weeds. In
the winter after planting, the willow sprouts are cut to facilitate the growth of a thicker
clump.
Once the willows have established, fertilizing is needed, and it is mostly
nitrogen that is needed. The amount of nitrogen needed varies with the age of the
willows and the development of the sprouts. In older plantations the amount of
nitrogen needed is less due to dead leaves giving of nitrogen (Gustafsson, Larsson &
Nordh, 2007).
Harvesting is done when the willows exceed 25 tons dry matter per
hectare or when the stem diameter of the thickest sprouts exceeds 6 cm, this usually
occurs when the willows are 3-4 years old. Harvesting is done in winter when the
leaves have fallen (Gustafsson, Larsson & Nordh, 2007).
There are a few things that can damage the willows. According to
Gustafsson, Larsson & Nordh (2007), the most common source of damage to the
willows are: frost, leaf beetles, fungi of the Melampsora family and to some minor
extent being eaten by animals during the establishment-phase.
Table 2 Data for willow in Finnish climate conditions

Willow
Average yield
Moisture content
HHV
Ash content

t/ha/a
%
MJ/kg
%

4.22
51-53
18.92
1.3

Source
Based on (Tahvanainen & Rytkönen, 1999)
(Alakangas, et al., 2016)
(Szyszlak-Barglowicz, Zając& Piekarski, 2012)
(Parvez, Lewis & Afzal, 2021)

Figure 1 Salix (Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, 2020).

2.1.3 Poplar
The Populus (poplar) genus includes between 40 and 100 species and 100 cultivars
grown in the Northern hemisphere. According to (Nordborg, et al., 2018),
characteristics for poplar species are fast growth, high survival rates and large
production potential, and intensively managed poplar plantations have some of the
highest growth rates in the world. Poplar cultivars are grown from cuttings, just like
willow, which makes setting up a poplar plantation easy. Poplars usually require soil
with a high moisture content, although there are species and hybrids that have different
requirements for moisture. Poplars grown as short rotation wood crop have strict
requirements regarding water, soil and weather. To ensure high productivity, a long
growing period from June to September with an average temperature of 17 °C is
required. The soil pH requirement for poplar is commonly between 5.5 and 7.5 but is
dependent on species (Stolarski & Krzyżaniak, 2017).
Poplar is planted using cuttings that are about 20 cm long. These are
obtained from parental plantations from 1 or 2-year-old shoots in winter. The cuttings
are planted in early spring, as early as possible, and can stick 2-3 cm above ground or
be level with the soil surface. The number of cuttings planted per hectare are 6600 to
10 000, though this depends on planting density. Poplar plantations can also be set up
using live poplar stakes ranging from 1.3 to 2.5 meters in length and these are also
obtained from 1 or 2-year-old shoots. The live stakes are planted to a depth between

0.4 and 0.6 meters with the rest of the stake sticking out. This method, however,
decreases the planting density to 1100-1600 poplars per hectare.
The yield of poplar depends on species, soil type, weather conditions,
harvest rotation, fertilization and other agricultural procedures. In Europe, the yields
have been in the range of 1.6 to 1.9 tons dry matter per hectare per year. Depending
on species, the poplar trees are harvested in rotations of 3-12 years (Stolarski &
Krzyżaniak, 2017). Nordborg et al. (2018) claim that Swedish poplar plantations yield
between 3 and 10 tons dry matter per hectare a year when measured from the ground
to the top bud and including bark but excluding branches.
Table 3 Data for poplar in Finnish climate conditions

Poplar
Average yield
Moisture content
HHV
Ash content

t/ha/a
%
MJ/kg
%

9.53
45-60
18.79
2.6

Source
Based on (Johansson & Karačić, 2011)
(Nuamah, et al., 2012)
(Telmo & Lousada, 2011)
(McKendry, 2002)

2.1.4 Hemp
In their report, Malvisalo and Luotola, (2020), state that growing hemp has a long
history in Finland, possibly dating back as far as 3000-5000 years ago. Hemp has
traditionally been grown for its fibers and used as raw material for clothes, other
textiles and ropes. Hemp seeds have also been used as food or animal feed. Growing
hemp became common in Finland between 500 and 800 AD and became even more
popular in the 1400 and 1500’s and reached its peak in 1700 and 1800’s when hemp
was grown throughout the country. In the 20th century, growing hemp became less
popular and was mostly grown in the middle and eastern parts of Finland. During the
1990’s, growing hemp became the subject of renewed interest and resulted in a new
strain of oil hemp called Finola. As of 2017 the total area that was used to grow hemp
in Finland was 540 hectares.
The entire hemp plant can be utilized as fuel; for the most part it is used
in pellet and briquette form, but the plant can be burned as is in powerplants instead
of peat. Hemp can also be used to make biogas and ethanol production from hemp is
under investigation. Hemp is an excellent energy crop; its attributes are equal to or
exceeds other common energy crops. Compared to other conventional fuels,

combustion of hemp produces low sulfur emissions (Malvisalo & Luotola, 2020).
Studies show that during growth, hemp binds carbon dioxide much more
effectively than trees and other commercial agricultural plants. A ton of stems can bind
up to 1.63 tons of carbon dioxide and the leaves and roots bind 0.3 tons which returns
to the soil as nutrients improving soil quality. This means, depending on the harvest,
that 8-16 tons of carbon dioxide per hectare is bound in Finnish growth conditions. In
comparison, forests bind between 2 and 5 tons per hectare depending on calculation
methods (Malvisalo & Luotola, 2020).
Growing hemp as a preceding crop improves the harvest of subsequent
crops and reduces the number of weeds, thus decreasing the need of herbicides. The
root system has also been shown to improve the composition of the earth. Hemp is a
good rotation or preceding crop that can be utilized as weed prevention or to absorb
heavy metals from the earth. Studies have shown that hemp binds heavy metals to its
leaves. Once the plant has grown to maturity, the heavy metals are removed when the
plant is harvested (Malvisalo & Luotola, 2020).
In their report, Malvisalo and Luotola (2020), claim that the best types
of soil for growing hemp are the ones that are a combination of earth and fine sand and
clayey soil containing organic matter. The field where hemp is to be grown cannot be
too dry or too wet, as hemp is quite sensitive to both conditions. With regard to soil
pH-level, it needs to be at least 5.6 but for optimal growth of the plant 6.0-7.0 is
recommended. Hemp can be sown using the same equipment that is used for cereals
and should be done in May when the soil temperature is between 5 and 10 °C. the
seeds should be sown to a depth between one and two centimeters. There is no need
for herbicides; once hemp har started to grow, it will efficiently cast shadows on the
weeds. In Finland, there are no known vermin that affect hemp but during rainy
summers sclerotinia disease and grey mold may appear.
The fertilizer needs for hemp are nitrogen 80-150 kg/ha, potassium 60100 kg/ha and phosphor 20-30 kg/ha. Manure is also a very good fertilizer; due to the
long growth time of hemp the plant has time to utilize the nutrients efficiently. Though
hemp may need plenty of nutrients, it does not deplete the soil of them as its deep root
system makes the soil airier and lifts up nutrients for the next rotation of crops. The
water demand of hemp is quite high during its growth season, 300-400 millimeters. It
is at its greatest during July, when hemp grows at its fastest (Malvisalo & Luotola,

2020).
Prade et al. (2011) found two different harvesting periods depending on
the end-use of the hemp: as feedstock for anaerobic digestion or combustion of the
plant. If biogas is the desired end product harvesting of the hemp should be done
between September and October and according to their findings an average yield of
14.4 t/ha are to be expected. The average moisture content of hemp which is to be
digested was 69%. If the hemp is to be combusted, harvesting should be done between
February and April and the harvests resulted in, on average, 9.9 t/ha. The average
moisture content of hemp harvested in this time period was 29%. According to
Malvisalo & Luotola (2020) hemp that is to be used as fuel can be harvested in autumn
using a regular combine harvester, assuming that the plants are not too high. Harvest
should be commenced when around 70% of the seeds have ripened. The strain of hemp
grown in Finland for use as fuel produces 600-900 kg of seeds per hectare.
Table 4 Data for hemp in Finnish climate conditions

Hemp
Average yield
Moisture content
HHV
Ash content

Source
t/ha/a
%
MJ/kg
%

9.9—14.4
30-75
19.1
1.5-8.5

(Prade, et al., 2011)
(Prade, et al., 2011)
(Prade, et al., 2011)
(Parvez, Lewis & Afzal, 2021)

Figure 2 Industrial hemp plant (Parvez, et al., 2021)

2.1.5 Reed Canary Grass
Reed canary grass is indigenous to Finland. It is a perennial grass which has a high
biomass yield. In its natural state it grows by the sea and lakes, on road verges and
ditches. Reed canary grass grows in tussocks around one square meter or more and
spreads easily. Harvests from the more promising varieties have been in excess of 10
tons per hectare dry matter. Fuel properties of reed canary grass are affected by the
soil and growth site as well as the cultivar, fertilization and the time of harvest
(Alakangas, et al., 2016). Furthermore, according to Jensen et al. (2018), reed canary
grass is inexpensive to establish and fits existing farming practices, providing low risks
and flexibility to farmers. Reed canary grass is also able to produce harvested biomass
from late summer to early spring, producing biomass earlier than any other energy
grass. It also tolerates a wide variety of management practices and as such has many
usages: silage or hay production, pulp and paper, bedding or straw for livestock, soil
conservation or as a source of biomass for energy conversion.
Reed canary grass is a tolerant grass capable of handling many stresses
such as flooding, drought, grazing and freezing. For these reasons, it can be found
growing in many different areas besides those mentioned by Alakangas et al. (2016);
forest margins, pastures, and disturbed zones. Therefore, it offers great potential as a
bioenergy crop, especially on marginal land, since it can grow well in both dry and
wet areas. Wet soil is not a problem for reed canary grass, it grows extremely well in
it. Aside from being tolerant of wet soils, it is also quite capable of growing in a wide
pH-range of 4.9-8.2 (Jensen, et al., 2018).
Biomass from reed canary grass can be used in many energy conversion
processes such as pyrolysis, combustion, anaerobic digestion and cellulosic ethanol
production. Production and harvesting are affected by the intended end use of RCG.
For example, when used for biogas production or forage, the crop needs to be harvested
green. If used for biomass, delaying the harvest until spring is recommended, as the
nutrient requirements of the succeeding crop are minimized. Lower moisture content
as well as lower contents of ash, chloride, and potassium are a result of harvesting
RCG later.
The establishment costs of RCG are low due to the fact that it can be
established from seeds. Several days at a cool temperature are required for the seeds

to germinate. Depending on the intended end use of RCG, different seeding rates are
used, for forage production a seeding rate of 6-9 kg per hectare are recommended,
whereas rates of 11-20 kg per hectare are recommended for bioenergy purposes.
Sowing can take place in spring or autumn; higher yields have been reported from
seeds sown between May and June than in September. After sowing, the field is usually
rolled to conserve moisture in the seedbed and broadleaf herbicide is applied (Jensen,
et al., 2018). Based on research done by Lewandowski & Schmidt (2006), RCG seems
to react positively to nitrogen fertilization. Their research showed no inversion point
for RCG yield when increasing amounts of nitrogen fertilizer were added.
Harvesting of RCG can be done with regular conventional agricultural
machinery regardless of end-use scenario. Mowing and baling is the common method
of harvesting RCG that is to be combusted, however, harvest losses can be great.
Combinations of machinery can be used to minimize losses, such as the use of disc
mowers without conditioners, followed by swashing with a rotary rake, reduced
harvest losses compared to the use of mowers with conditioners. Dry matter yield
decreases with cutting height, and cutting below 3.8 cm, which can be viewed as a
maximum cutting height, may expose the crop to winter injury. Based on Jensen, et al.
2018, RCG harvests seem to vary between 12 and 21.5 tons dry matter per hectare.
Table 5 Data for reed canary grass in Finnish climate conditions

Reed Canary Grass
Average yield
Moisture content
HHV
Average ash content

t/ha/a
%
MJ/kg
%

9-10
10-60
17.64
3.0-8.5

Source
(Lehtomäki, Viinikainen & Rintala, 2008)
(Jensen, et al., 2018)
(Boateng, Jung & Adler, 2006)
(Parvez, Lewis & Afzal, 2021)

2.1.6 Miscanthus
Miscanthus is an East Asian perennial rhizomatous grass. Experiments have shown
that it has a high biomass yield and have confirmed its outstanding low-temperature
C4 photosynthesis. Today, it is a leading perennial energy grass in Europe due to the
previously mentioned attributes. It was introduced to Europe from Japan by Danish
plant collector Axel Olsen in the 1930’s (Lewandowski, et al., 2018).
The plant contains a high amount of holocellulose (cellulose and

hemicellulose) and this makes it an excellent multipurpose feedstock for conversion
to many different materials and for different uses in energy production systems.
Diverse and promising hybrids of Miscanthus are currently being evaluated in different
climate and soil types, including marginal lands, which are less suitable for food
production. Aside from being used as fuel Miscanthus can be used for making paper,
as animal bedding and as building material (Lewandowski, et al., 2018).
Miscanthus tends to propagate by rhizomes instead of seeds. The
methods of planting miscanthus are direct planting of rhizomes, plugs of plants
produced from rhizome cutting, nodes produced in modules, micropropagation and
seeds. Currently, there are programs that are trying to produce viable seeds, as it is
anticipated that the most effective way to scale up miscanthus production is to utilize
seed-based establishment. Using seeds has the advantages of higher propagation rates,
lower cost, farmers gaining quicker access to novel genotypes and phytosanitary
safety. In colder climates, the establishment rate and reliability with plant plugs have
been greatly improved by using mulch films that were originally produced for corn
production (Lewandowski, et al., 2018).

Figure 3 Miscanthus rhizomes (Grace, 2021).

According to (Lewandowski, et al., 2018), Miscanthus offers a number
of beneficial environmental aspects, one of which is the low requirement of herbicides
for weed management and crop protection chemicals. Effective weed control is,
however, important during the first year in order to avoid negative impacts on the
establishment success of Miscanthus. Mechanical weeding can be done in the first year
between the Miscanthus rows and, once the crop is well enrooted, the entire field. Most
of the herbicides that are available for Miscanthus have been available for a few years
and mostly originate from corn production. Once Miscanthus has established itself, it
competes well with weeds, due to its rapid growth causing it to shade the ground

beneath it.
With regard to nutrients, Miscanthus is a resource-efficient crop that
efficiently recycles its nutrients. Fertilization recommendations vary greatly
depending on nutrient offtake and soil conditions at the growth site. In their book,
Lewandowski et al. (2018) quoted multiple results from experiments indicating that
Miscanthus does not respond to nitrogen fertilization in a significant way.
Harvesting Miscanthus can be a labor- and fuel-intensive process
depending on the chosen method of harvesting. The harvesting procedure affects the
production cost, harvest yield and the overall environmental performance of the entire
production chain. Self-propelled forage harvesters can be used for making Miscanthus
chips in early spring (February-April) when the moisture content is below 20%.
Miscanthus can also be harvested through mowing and baling. This harvest method
has some advantages despite the additional operation: the harvester cuts the plants
faster and uses less fuel than a chipper. If the Miscanthus is not dry enough, it can be
left in the field to be aired and then baled for long-term storage. When compared to
Miscanthus chips, bales have a higher density (150 kg/m³ for chips, compared to 350
kg/m³ for bales) and as such they are easier to transport.
Miscanthus can be combusted to produce heat, electricity, or combined
heat and electricity. When used for heating purposes, it is used for direct firing of
thermal power stations, in small-scale biomass burners and currently a new market is
being developed for heating boilers using Miscanthus pellets. The suitability of
Miscanthus biomass for combustion has some limitations due to its high chloride and
potassium contents when compared to wood biomass. Miscanthus has a low ash
melting temperature due to its high potassium content and the high levels of chloride
may damage the boilers through formation of corrosive compounds. Ways for getting
around the low ash melting temperature are using a fluidized bed for combustion and
water-cooling the boiler grates. Harvest time plays a large part in the amount of
inorganics that are present in Miscanthus-based biomass. In temperate climates, March
has been found to be the optimal harvest time to provide biomass with low levels of
moisture, chloride, potassium and ash (Lewandowski, et al., 2018).

Table 6 Data for miscanthus in Finnish climate conditions

Miscanthus
Average yield
Moisture content
HHV
Ash content

t/ha/a
%
MJ/kg
%

8.7-13.7
16
17.84
2-7

Source
(Clifton‐Brown, Stampfl & Jones, 2004)
(Clifton‐Brown, Stampfl & Jones, 2004)
(Szyszlak-Barglowicz, Zając& Piekarski, 2012)
(Parvez, Lewis & Afzal, 2021)

Figure 4 Miscanthus (Grace, 2021).

2.2 Biomass Composition
Lignocellulosic biomass is the largest source of renewable organic matter. All plants
that have been mentioned in this work fall into this category. There are three major
polymers that make up lignocellulosic biomass: cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin. In
addition to these, lignocellulosic biomass also contains inorganic minerals, proteins
and extractives (Mussatto & Dragone, 2016).
Cellulose is made up of a linear polymer chain that appears in an
organized fibrous structure and is the main structural constituent of the cell wall of
plants. Intra- and intermolecular hydrogen bonds in the structure of cellulose result in
the creation of a rigid microfibril network that gathers together to constitute fibrils and
then cellulose fibers. These aggregates of cellulose molecules appear as both
amorphous and crystalline forms. The crystalline regions are more resistant to
hydrolyzation than the amorphous regions and render the cellulose insoluble in most
solvents by preventing chemical and enzymatic degradation. Cellulose becomes
soluble at higher temperatures when the hydrogen bonds of the crystalline structure
start to break down. It is also possible to dissolve cellulose in concentrated acids, but
this causes degradation of the polymer by hydrolyzation (Mussatto & Dragone, 2016;

Peral, 2016).
Hemicelluloses are the second most common polymer of lignocellulosic
biomass and are amorphous in structure. They are made up of a group of
polysaccharides that bind to cellulose microfibrils by hydrogen bonds and to lignin by
covalent linkages. Hemicelluloses are more thermally sensitive than cellulose and are
easily hydrolyzed. At low temperatures, hemicellulose is insoluble in water, but its
hydrolysis is possible at temperatures lower than those required for hydrolysis of
cellulose. The solubility of hemicellulose in water can be improved by using acids or
alkali.
Lignin is the third most abundant polymer in lignocellulosic biomass and
is the most complex polymer in nature. It is an amorphous polymer. It can be found in
cell walls of plants granting structural support, resistance to impact, compression,
bending, impermeability and resistance against microbial attack and oxidative stress.
It also plays an important part in the transport of water, nutrients, and metabolites in
the plant cell. Depending on biomass, the composition of lignin varies greatly; lignin
in hardwood has a different composition than that of lignin in soft wood or grass
(Mussatto & Dragone, 2016; Peral, 2016).

2.3 Pretreatment
Pretreatment of lignocellulosic biomass is an essential step in in the conversion from
feedstock to end product. The purpose of pretreating the biomass is to make the
cellulose more accessible to enzymes so that hydrolysis can occur rapidly with high
yields. The aim of pretreatment is to remove hemicellulose and lignin, reduce the
crystallinity of cellulose and increase the porosity of the biomass. A good pretreatment
of the feedstock must avoid the loss or degradation of carbohydrates and the formation
of inhibitors to the following hydrolysis and fermentation processes. A good
pretreatment should also promote the formation of sugars. The choice of pretreatment
depends on for example, how the biomass components of cellulose, hemicellulose, and
lignin are to be utilized (Mussatto & Dragone, 2016; Peral, 2016).Various physical,
chemical and physiochemical pretreatment methods are presented below.

2.3.1 Physical Pretreatment
There are many physical pretreatment options for biomass. Peral (2016) lists the
physical pretreatment options as follows: mechanical comminution, extrusion, liquid
hot water, pyrolysis and torrefaction, freezing and irradiating. Some are more novel
than others and are not in widespread use and will not be considered in this work. The
lesser used methods are freezing of the biomass and irradiating the biomass and will
not be covered.

Mechanical comminution
The aim of mechanical pretreatment is to improve the digestibility of biomass. This is
done by cutting, shredding, chipping, milling or grinding to reduce the size of the
biomass particles, increase the surface area, increase the pore size of the particles and
the number of contact points. The starting materials are commonly pre-sized during
harvesting or preconditioning by chipping, forage cutting or shredding to sizes
between 10 and 50 mm. This is the minimum pretreatment required before biomass
processing. The size of the biomass can further be reduced by grinding or milling by
using hammers, knives, vibratory ball mills, balls, discs, colloids, and extruders to
further reduce the size to 0.2-2 mm. Chipping of the biomass helps reduce limitations
to heat and mass transfer. Milling and grinding are more effective at reducing the size
of biomass particles and cellulose crystallinity. If maximum reduction of cellulose
crystallinity is desired, usage of a vibratory ball miller is recommended over the use
of a ball miller. Disk milling is a superior way compared to hammer milling in
enhancing the hydrolysis of biomass. Factors that affect the digestibility of biomass
are the kind of biomass used, duration and type of milling.
Mechanical pretreatment does have some drawbacks in terms of energy
demand. The desired size of the biomass particles and the characteristics of the
biomass determine the energy requirements for mechanical comminution. These are
often very high. The energy requirements are affected by the initial moisture content
in the biomass and composition of the biomass. The high energy demand makes
mechanical comminution less attractive as an option for pretreating biomass.
Combining chemical or biological treatments before mechanical pretreatment has
shown that a reduction in process energy usage is possible (Peral, 2016).

Extrusion Pretreatment
With extrusion pretreatment the biomass is exposed to heating, mixing and shearing
and suffering chemical and physical modification in the process. The softened surface
regions of the biomass are removed by the shear forces in the extrusion process and
exposing the interior to thermal and/or chemical action thus improving cellulose
conversion. Screw speed, extruder temperature, feedstock particle size and moisture
content are factors that affect the energy requirement. The main benefits of extrusion
pretreatment are moderate temperatures, short residence time and the lack of inhibitor
formation, rapid mixing, the feasibility for scale-up and the possibilities for continuous
operation (Peral, 2016).

Liquid Hot Water Pretreatment
Liquid hot water pretreatments are known by many names: hydrothermolysis,
hydrothermal pretreatment, autohydrolysis, solvolysis or steam pretreatment. LHW
pretreatment changes the structure of the biomass by having hydro ions react with it
and hydrolyzing hemicellulose and removing some of the lignin, making cellulose
more accessible for further hydrolyzation while also avoiding the formation of
fermentation inhibitors which occurs at higher temperatures.
Maintaining a pH-level between 4 and 7 is important, because at these
levels the dissolved hemicellulose exists mostly in oligomeric form and the formation
of degradation products that further catalyze the hydrolysis of cellulosic materials is
minimized. Depending on biomass feedstock, the temperature of the pretreatment
process can vary from 140 to 230 °C. At high temperatures, sugar degradation may
increase significantly and between 40 and 60% of the biomass can be dissolved in the
process, removing 4-22% cellulose, 35-60% lignin and most of the hemicellulose.
Water pretreatment is an interesting alternative to biomass treatment for
many reasons, including, lacking the need of catalysts, resulting in an environmentally
safe process. The cost of pretreatment reactors can be kept low, because there is a low
risk of corrosion when using water pretreatment instead of acid pretreatment. The
entire process is simplified because of lower temperatures and the minimization of
degradation products means there is no need for neutralization or a final washing step,
because the pretreatment solvent used is water. Also, as a consequence, there is no acid
recycling or sludge handling. From an economic standpoint, the low cost of the solvent

is an advantage for large-scale applications. The greatest disadvantage with LHW is
related to downstream processing: the concentration of product is lower than with other
pretreatment options. This way of pretreatment has high energy requirements due to
the volumes of water involved in the process (Peral, 2016).

Pyrolysis and Torrefaction
Pyrolysis is a thermal pretreatment method where biomass is heated in an inert
atmosphere at temperatures between 350 and 650 °C and is usually used to improve
the energy density of biomass-based fuels. The nonoxidizing atmosphere is usually
provide by nitrogen gas. Process conditions for torrefaction are similar, however, the
temperatures are lower: 200-300 °C. As a result, torrefaction is occasionally called
mild pyrolysis. Besides temperature, time is also an important factor in determining
the performance of thermal pretreatment, as the length of thermal pretreatment can
vary from a few minutes to hours.
At temperatures above 300 °C, cellulose decomposes to gaseous
products and char. Decomposition is slower at lower temperatures and the resulting
products are less volatile. Hemicellulose is almost completely depleted under severe
conditions and cellulose is largely oxidized. The most difficult component to degrade
is lignin and as such its removal is very low during torrefaction conditions. Following
thermal pretreatment, the properties of biomass are greatly improved. The main
benefits of thermal pretreatment are the more uniform properties of biomass, resulting
in better grindability, reactivity, higher energy density and lower moisture content
(Peral, 2016).
Dayton and Foust (2020) state that pyrolysis is an option for producing
liquid transportation fuels; the end product does, however, depend on factors such as
temperature, pressure and residence time. Flash (fast) pyrolysis optimizes liquid
products which are known as bio-oils. They are a mixture of multiple components
derived mostly from the fragmentation and depolymerization reactions of cellulose,
hemicellulose and lignin.

2.3.2 Chemical Pretreatments
Some chemical pretreatment options are presented in the following chapters.

Acid Hydrolysis
Treatment of lignocellulosic biomass with strong acids such as HCl and H2SO4 are
good options in promoting the hydrolyzation of cellulose. By using strong acids there
is no need to use enzymes to reach acid hydrolysis and obtain fermentable sugars.
Using acids as a pretreatment option has benefits such as flexibility in feedstock
choice, mild temperature operation conditions and high monomeric sugar yield. These
positive aspects are however overshadowed by the fact that acids are corrosive, toxic
and hazardous making this pretreatment option very expensive.
One of the most commonly used acid-based pretreatment options is
dilute acid pretreatment due to its high efficiency. Almost all of the hemicellulose is
removed and recovered by using dilute acid pretreatment, leaving the cellulose more
accessible to further hydrolysis. This pretreatment is especially suitable for treating
biomass with a low lignin content as the removal of lignin is insignificant as the lignin
is retained in solid matter. Sulfuric acid is commonly used due its effectivity and low
cost. However, acids such as nitric acid, hydrochloric acid and phosphoric acid are
also used. Organic acids such as fumaric and maleic acid can also be used if inorganic
acids cannot be used. Acid treatments can be divided into two types: low temperature
and batch process that can be used for high-solids loading at temperatures below 160
°C or high temperature and continuous flow process for low-solid loadings with
temperatures exceeding 160 °C.
There are some downsides to using dilute acids: the formation of
fermentation inhibiting compounds that have to be neutralized, adding cost and
possible waste disposal issues depending on the neutralization method chosen. Also,
expensive alloys are needed for constructing the reactor due to the high temperatures
involved and the corrosive nature of acids. Maintenance costs are also high with this
kind of pretreatment system. Acid recovery costs are also a disadvantage because they
are high, this is however a necessity to keep the process economically feasible. The
expensive treatment costs and environmental problems caused by waste streams have
led to the of other pretreatment options (Peral, 2016).

Alkaline Hydrolysis
Some bases are also suitable for pretreatment of lignocellulosic biomass. Suitable

pretreatment agents are potassium, sodium and calcium hydroxides. Often lime
(calcium hydroxide) or sodium hydroxide is used. The biomass is soaked in the
solution and mixed at a mild temperature for some time. Compared to other
pretreatment technologies alkali pretreatment is carried out at lower temperatures and
pressures and can even be carried out in ambient conditions but doing so requires a
very long processing time ranging from hours to days instead of minutes. The alkaline
agent disrupts the lignin structure and breaks the links between lignin and other
carbohydrates. The reactivity of the remaining polysaccharides is increased with the
removal of lignin. Adding nitrogen or air to the mixture greatly improves the removal
of lignin. Condensation of lignin is prevented by the low severity of this process,
resulting in high lignin solubility if biomass with a low lignin content is used. The mild
conditions of alkaline pretreatment mean that there is very little degradation of the
sugars to other compounds such as organic acids. When compared to acid
pretreatments, there is less sugar degradation (Peral, 2016).
According to Dayton and Foust (2020), using ammonia in a process
called ammonia fiber expansion can also be used as an alkaline pretreatment option.
Biomass is soaked in liquid ammonia at high pressure and moderate temperature. The
ammonia causes the lignocellulosic biomass to swell, it alters the lignin structure and
depolymerizes the cellulose. By rapidly decreasing the pressure, the ammonia is
released, the fibers are disrupted and a substrate with much higher porosity is left. This
high porosity enhances the efficiency of enzymatic hydrolysis to give high sugar
recovery. Since ammonia vaporizes at lower pressure recovery of it is simple. A
drawback to using ammonia as a pretreatment option is that effectiveness is decreased
for biomass with high lignin content.
When using the alkaline pretreatment methods presented by Peral (2016)
a neutralizing step is needed before enzymatic hydrolysis. The neutralizing step causes
salts to be formed and need to be removed or recycled.
When using lime pretreatment slurrying the lime with water is necessary.
The slurry is then sprayed on the biomass and the biomass is then stored or heated for
a period of time. This can take a very long time, so an alternate method is to perform
this kind of pretreatment in a closed reactor where temperature and flow can be
controlled. The lime involved can be recycled. Alkaline pretreatment is most effective
when the feedstock consists of biomass with low lignin content (Peral, 2016).

Organosolv Pretreatment
Pretreating lignocellulosic biomass with organosolvents involves the use organic or
aqueous solvent mixtures with inorganic acid catalysts such as HCl or H2SO4.
Salicylic, acetylsalicylic or oxalic acids are organic acids that can also be used as
catalysts. Common solvents are ethanol, methanol, acetone and ethylene glycol.
Organosolv pretreatment is usually carried out at temperatures up to 200 °C and high
pressure.
The solvent hydrolyses lignin and lignin-carbohydrate bonds. Lignin is
removed to a great extent; hemicellulose is almost completely solubilized, and
cellulose remains in solid form. Using organic acids in pretreatment accelerates the
delignification process and hydrolysis of cellulose and dissolution of lignin via the
dissociation of hydrogen ions. In this case, adding a catalyst at high temperatures is
not needed. A large part of soluble carbohydrates is further broken to byproducts that
are inhibitory to fermentation.
There are many benefits of using organosolv pretreatment. One benefit
is that organic solvents are able to separate three fractions: dry lignin, an aqueous
hemicellulose stream and a relatively very pure cellulose fraction. Using this
pretreatment option also makes it possible to produce high-quality sulfur-free lignin
with high purity, which can then be processed into specialty chemicals. Using
organosolvents is the only physiochemical pretreatment method for pretreating
lignocellulosic material with a high lignin content. Reduction of the feedstock size is
not required to achieve satisfactory cellulose conversion making this pretreatment
option less energy intensive.
Disadvantages when using organosolv pretreatment are the use of
flammable organic solvents at high temperatures, operating the process requires
containment vessels. Due to explosion hazards and health, environmental and safety
concerns, no leaks can be tolerated. In order to reduce costs, the solvents need to be
recovered from the reactor, evaporated, condensed and recycled. Doing so is necessary
because the solvent may inhibit the growth of microorganisms, subsequent hydrolysis
and anaerobic digestion or fermentation. This pretreatment option is more costly than
other pretreatment options due to the catalysts and chemicals involved (Peral, 2016).

2.3.3 Physicochemical Pretreatments
Steam Explosion
The most common physiochemical pretreatment method is steam explosion. The
biomass feedstock is treated with saturated high-pressure steam followed by rapid
decompression. Consequently, an explosive reaction takes place resulting in lignin
matrix disruption and hemicellulose degradation. The crystallinity of cellulose may
decrease, and substrate surface may increase, improving cellulose digestibility.
Biomass that has been physically pretreated (ground, chipped or raw preconditioned)
is treated with high pressure steam at temperatures between 160 and 260 °C and
pressures of 0.7-4.8 MPa. To promote hemicellulose hydrolysis the pressure is held
from a few seconds to minutes before the biomass is exposed to ambient pressure.
Resulting from the treatment, hemicellulose is hydrolyzed by acetic acid generated in
the process and solubilized in the liquid phase, lignin becomes depolymerized and the
cellulose in the solid fraction becomes more accessible, increasing the digestibility of
the feedstock. The results are dependent on temperature, residence time, moisture
content and particle size. Adding acids or alkali can help improve the results.
Benefits of this pretreatment option are the possibility to use feedstock
with coarse particle size, thus removing the need for preconditioning it to be suitable
for this process, the lower energy input for pumping and mixing of substance after
steam explosion pretreatment. There are also no chemicals involved, which makes this
an environmentally safe process. This also has the added benefit of cutting costs related
to recycling. The sugars formed in this process have a high degree of recoverability
because of their low dilution. The soluble carbohydrate-rich stream can be easily
removed and used to make high value-added products.
Downsides of using steam explosion pretreatment are the generation of
fermentation and enzyme inhibitors during the pretreatment and their removal adds
extra costs to this process. Another negative aspect is the incomplete destruction of the
lignin-carbohydrate matrix, resulting in the possibility that components precipitate or
condensate. An efficient isolation of lignin and cellulose components must be carried
out, depending on the subsequent product lignin may need to be removed completely.
Pretreatment of biomass feedstock with steam explosion requires high amounts of
energy and also involves elevated running costs (Peral, 2016).

2.4 THERMAL CONVERSION OF BIOMASS
Direct Combustion
When combusting biomass the heat released can be used to produce electricity via the
Rankine cycle. Depending on the condition and combustion properties of the fuel,
different firing parameters and furnace designs can be selected to ensure optimal
uptime or efficiency (Mandø, 2013). Bajpai (2020) states that combusting biomass is
the simplest way to obtain heat and is an extensively used method, because
technologies used for fossil fuels can be implemented in biomass combustion as well.
It is possible to increase the overall efficiency of the combustion process by producing
district heat in conjunction with power. This is known as a combined heat and power
(CHP) plant and can reach efficiencies of up to 90% for cogeneration (Mandø, 2013).
Mandø (2013) presents three wood fuels: wood chips, wood pellets and
torrefied wood. Woodchips which are not dried prior to combustion contain large
amounts of moisture. Moisture evaporates as the chips are burnt, but the energy
required to evaporate the moisture in the fuel cannot typically be recovered.
Maintaining combustion of fuels with a moisture content of 55 wt-% or more is
difficult, and the water content of the fuel also impacts on the heating value of a fuel:
More moisture in the fuel equals a lower heating value for it. The amount of water in
the fuel also affects the combustion time and thereby extends the residence time in the
furnace.
Wood pellets, basically dried wood with a moisture content below 10%,
have a significantly higher heating value than woodchips. The moisture content in
wood pellets cannot usually be lowered beyond 10%, since they will absorb moisture
from the atmosphere. Wood pellets should be stored indoors to avoid the absorption
of moisture into the pellets. This is a slight disadvantage when wood pellets are used
to replace coal, as coal can be stored outside since it contains very little moisture and
does not absorb much moisture either. It is important to monitor the moisture content
and temperature of the wood pellets during storage, as these can indicate the onset of
bio-decomposition.
Torrefaction of wood is done to evaporate moisture and lighter volatiles
from the fuel. This is an upgrade when compared to pelletization of the wood. During

torrefaction hydroxyl groups, which are responsible for absorbing moisture, are
removed from the fuel with the result that torrefied wood can be stored outside and
will not absorb moisture, just like coal.
The content of volatile matter is significantly higher in biomass than in
coal. The volatiles are also released at a lower temperature and more rapidly than coal,
resulting in biomass having a lower ignition temperature. When designing the air
supply special attention is needed to ensure that the amount of oxygen supplied to the
combustion process is sufficient, since the volatile matter is released faster, and
insufficient oxygen may delay combustion. The volatiles are released as gas when heat
is applied and combust when they mix with oxygen. The gaseous volatiles are
combusted quickly when compared to the combustion of charcoal and a high ratio of
volatiles in the furnace decreases the residence time of the fuel. The remaining
charcoal will be reduced to ash during burnout (Mandø, 2013).

Emissions
Pollutants and other waste products from combustion are a major concern for power
generation by biomass firing. In order to meet government legislation regarding
emissions, extensive flue-gas cleaning is required. The pollutants formed when
biomass is combusted are similar to those formed during combustion of coal and
include particle matter, hydrocarbons, carbon monoxide, NOX and SOX. There are
many different technologies available for reducing emissions. The amount of fine
particles in the flue gas can be reduced by using electrostatic precipitators and bag
filters. Dry and wet scrubbers can be used to clean SOX from flue gases and if a
fluidized bed is used for biomass combustion, adding dolomite or limestone can help
to reduce SOX emissions. Emissions resulting from incomplete combustion can be
reduced by managing the air-to-fuel ratio and by designing the reactor so that residence
time and temperature are optimal for complete combustion. Boilers for biomass
combustion are often based on boiler designs for coal combustion and some problems
may arise as a result of this, due to differing combustion patterns of biomass. This may
lead to incomplete combustion and poor operating conditions in general. Suspension
firing of biomass in particular is a case where changes to combustion patterns are to
be expected due to the larger particle size of biomass, different composition of biomass
compared to coal and more extreme particle morphology of the biomass particles.

One of the biggest concerns with combustion systems in general,
regardless of fuel, is the emission of NOX gasses. NOX can be formed in many ways:
fuel NOX originates from the nitrogen bound in the fuel, thermal NOX is formed as a
result of high temperature reactions between gaseous oxygen and nitrogen and prompt
NOX forms following a reaction between gaseous hydrocarbon radicals and nitrogen.
NOX emissions depend on both fuel and firing conditions. In general, biomass fuels
contain less nitrogen than fossil fuels, which helps to reduce NOX emissions. Nitrogen
content in the fuel naturally varies from one type of biomass to another.
If the fuel of choice is based on straw or grasses, which contain chlorine,
acidic gasses such as HCl need to be taken into consideration. Not only are they
corrosive to the combustion system but they are also corrosive air pollutants. Large
chlorine and other halogen fractions are also promoters of furans and dioxins.
When using biomass as fuel for combustion the release of CO2 is less of
a concern due to the short circulation time from when the fuel is burnt to when the gas
is reabsorbed by plants. This is the main reason why biofuels are considered CO2
neutral (Mandø, 2013).

Fouling
Deposition of ash particles and condensing gasses on the heating surfaces of a boiler
is called fouling. Deposition on the heating surfaces inside the boiler is called slag.
Heat transfer rates will diminish as a result of fouling and depending on the
composition of the deposit, may also cause significant corrosion on the heating
surfaces. In extreme cases sever slag build-up may lead to boiler damage if pieces of
slag break off and fall to the bottom of the boiler. Fouling is typically dealt with by
using soot blowers which regularly clean the heating surfaces using water. Fouling is
not a problem for the furnace wall heating surfaces in a fluidized bed due to the
abrasion of the bed material but fouling of convection passes still occur. Compared to
coal, biomass has a different chemical composition and this effects the rate of
deposition and composition of the deposition which may be much more detrimental to
the performance of the boiler when compared to a coal-fired plant. Wood and woodderived fuels do not cause notable fouling problems which has led to their widespread
use as a substitute for coal. Herbaceous fuels, on the other hand, cause deposition
problems at moderate to high temperatures due to their high amounts of alkali metals,

silica and chlorine (Mandø, 2013).

Agglomeration
When ash melts and sticks together agglomeration occurs, causing de-fluidization in
fluidized bed boilers and transport problems in grate-fired boilers. Melting of
phosphorous and potassium salts are what cause agglomeration and it is also promoted
by the presence of calcium and silica in the biomass. Especially in fluidized-bed boilers
agglomeration is a very serious problem which has to be dealt with to avoid downtime. There are different strategies for dealing with the agglomeration problem: pretreatment of the fuel, coating the sand particles to prevent them from reacting with
silica, using alternative bed materials and using additives to prevent the formation of
salts. Additives which are typically used are: limestone, dolomite, kaolin and
magnesite. Usage of these materials has however given rise to new problems such as
higher attrition and entrainment rates, chemical stability and plugging of air nozzles
and windbox. These problems make the new materials less attractive to use than sand.
(Mandø, 2013)

Corrosion
Corrosion problems are mostly caused by the buildup of corrosive species such as
metal chlorides on the heating surfaces inside the boiler. In addition to acting as a
barrier for heat transfer, fouling of the heating surfaces may destroy the boiler. The
composition of the deposit, heating surface material and the temperature of both the
deposit material and the heating surface will impact the severity of corrosion. Biomass
combustion causes extensive fouling of heating surfaces. Grasses, straws and other
herbaceous plants contain high levels of alkalis, which are potentially corrosive
elements when deposited on heating surfaces. As previously mentioned, temperature
is a factor in corrosion; if the temperature rises above the melting point of chlorides,
the corrosion process may be accelerated to a great extent (Mandø, 2013).

2.5 THERMOCHEMICAL TREATMENT OF BIOMASS
Biomass can be used to produce many different end-products, but the focus of this
section is on the use of biomass as a fuel without treatment and using biomass to
produce fuels. According to Belyakov (2019), the major ways in which biomass can
be prepared for use as fuel or raw material are: preparation of solid fuel through
pelletization, chipping, and sorting and separation. Gasification, pyrolysis or anaerobic
digestion are also possible preparation and treatment options depending on the desired
end product.

Gasification
A gasifying agent, such as air, carbon dioxide, steam or mixtures of these, is used to
partially oxidize biomass at high temperatures (600-1000 °C). This forms a gas called
synthesis gas, syn gas for short, which is a mixture of combustible gases such as carbon
dioxide, methane, and hydrogen. The resulting gas can be used for many purposes, for
example as boiler fuel, as an energy source and as raw material from which to produce
hydrogen as well as used in the production of methanol and ethanol. (Belyakov, 2019;
dos Santos & Pereira, 2021).
Regardless of the type of gasifier used, the main steps in gasification of
biomass are: drying of the biomass particles, pyrolysis, or devolatilization, of the
biomass in order to remove the volatile compounds that make up 70-86% of the dry
biomass, partial oxidation of pyrolysis gases and possible char and finally gasification,
also called reduction, of char (Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012; Richardson, et al.,
2015).
Pereira and Martins (2017) have divided the gasifier into four zones
where these steps occur and explained more in detail what happens in each of them. In
the drying zone, the temperature is between 100 and 200 °C to evaporate the moisture
from the biomass. The biomass particles are not altered chemically by the drying
process. The moisture content affects the operation of the gasifier as well as the
composition of the syn gas. The type of gasifier used limits the moisture content of the
biomass. Pyrolysis starts to occur at 250-600 °C and is the thermal decomposition of
the biomass without oxygen or air taking part in the process. As a result, different

organic and inorganic gases are released. When the fuel starts pyrolyzing the water
vapor, tar and different non-condensable gases are separated from the solid part
producing the residual carbon consisting of ash and char. About 80-95% of the original
mass in the liquid-phase products, such as water, oils, tar and various gas-phase
products, comprising non-condensable gases, are converted during pyrolysis, leaving
5-20% of char. The make-up of the gaseous and solid products during the pyrolysis
step is correlated with the weight loss of the feedstock and is dependent of factors such
as fuel particle size, temperature, heat rate and the residence time of the gaseous
components. Pyrolysis can be divided into two stages: primary and secondary. In the
primary stage, the chemical bonds are broken due to the temperature increase,
releasing condensable and non-condensable gases and char. In secondary pyrolysis,
the volatiles are cracked a second time and form non-condensable gases and char. If
these remain in the feedstock for long enough, additional char and gases may be
formed when the oil vapors are cracked. However, if removed quickly from the
reaction area the oil vapor can escape into the gas phase before being cracked and can
be condensed outside to bio-oil or tar. In the reduction stage, the reactions take place
without oxygen because it takes place in the combustion process. The reduction
reactions are endothermic and take place between 800 and 1000 °C. In the reduction
zone char reacts with the hot gases and is converted into a gaseous product. It is at this
stage where the combustible gases are formed; charcoal and hydrogen are combined
with carbon to form methane and carbon monoxide is formed from carbon dioxide.
The combustion zone of the gasifier is established by oxygen input into the reactor.
The char and volatiles that were formed at the pyrolysis stage are partially oxidized
leading to a rapid increase in temperature exceeding 1100 °C. The combustion
reactions are swift and mainly produce water vapor and carbon dioxide. The heat
caused by combustion is used in the drying and pyrolysis zones (Pereira & Martins,
2017).
The composition of the resulting gas depends on many parameters such
as the temperature of the pyrolysis stage, residence time, pressure and the feedstock.
After these steps comes the proper gasification process which, by utilizing higher
temperatures, cracks the tars and hydrocarbons in the pyrolysis gas stream and char is
partially oxidized. Carbon is converted to carbon monoxide and hydrogen in a reaction
called the water gas reaction, which utilizes the water vapor from the original biomass

to react with the carbon (Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012; Richardson, et al., 2015).

Gasification Technologies
A wide range of gasifiers have been developed around the world, each tailored to
different feedstock materials, different requirements for syngas and different scales.
Three basic types of gasifier design are used, depending on circumstances, and their
main differences are mainly: from where the biomass is fed into the gasifier, how it is
moved around (via gas flow or through gravity), operating temperature (especially
whether it is above or below the char/ash melting point), operating pressure and the
oxidant used (air, steam or oxygen) (Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012).
In a fixed bed gasifier, the fuel bed needs to have good permeability due
to the fact that gas flows relatively slowly through it. This means that crushed or
pulverized feedstock is to be avoided and lumpier feedstock should be utilized. When
biomass is used as feedstock, air is most commonly used as the oxidant although
oxygen can also be used. There are two main types of fixed bed gasifiers, updraft and
downdraft. Fuel is added from the top in both gasifiers. In an updraft gasifier the
oxidant is added from the bottom and the resulting syngas exits from the top of the
gasifier. With this setup the biomass and gases move in opposite directions resulting
in some of the falling char burns and provides heat. The downdraft gasifier reverses
this by having the oxidant be inserted from the top or the side and the resulting syngas
exits through the bottom of the gasifier. The biomass and gases move in the same
direction in this case. As the biomass falls some of it is burnt resulting in the formation
of a hot charcoal bed. Due to their relative simplicity both of these reactors are suitable
for smaller scale facilities. Due to high charcoal burnout and good internal heat
exchange updraft gasifiers have high thermal efficiency. They can also accommodate
feedstock with higher moisture content since the upwards gas flow dries the biomass
from its entry point. Syngas produced this way has a relatively low temperature
meaning that it is suited for gas clean-up units. Furthermore, the power range for which
an updraft gasifier can be configured is wide; from 10 kWe to over 30 MWe. A major
disadvantage with updraft gasifiers is the fact that the tarry gas from the pyrolysis zone
has to pass out in the syngas, and as such produce many times more tar than downdraft
gasifiers, 100 g Nm-3compared to 1 g Nm-3 for a downdraft gasifier (Roddy & MansonWhitton, 2012).

This low tar generation is the major advantage of downdraft gasifiers.
The disadvantages of downdraft gasifiers when compared to upwards gasifiers are
higher particulate carryover, slightly lower gasifier efficiency (which is due to the
relatively high temperature of the exiting gases), scale-size limitations, and tighter
feedstock quality constraints in terms of moisture content and particle size. This leads
to it often being necessary to briquette or pelletize the biomass. Configuration of the
gasifiers throat is critical to ensure tar destruction. This has the effect of constraining
the maximum size of the gasifier to around 8-10 MWth (and often smaller than this)
(Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012).
Unsteady operation or periods of part-load operation may lead to
excessive tar formation. Before restarting a fixed bed gasifier care needs to be taken
to ensure that all combustible gases have been vented. Other common problems with
this type of gasifier are high temperature corrosion and fuel blockages. Flow
maldistribution may cause the syngas to be nonuniform (Roddy & Manson-Whitton,
2012).
The fluidized bed was invented in 1926 by Winkler for large-scale coal
gasification. Crushed solid fuel particles of biomass are used suspended together with
a much larger mass of a fine inert bed material (this can be dolomite, silica sand or
even the ash from the burnt biomass) in high gas flow. New particles are fed and mixed
with particles already undergoing gasification. The four stages; drying,
devolatilization, gasification and combustion are not stratified as in a fixed bed gasifier
but occur simultaneously. The temperature in the gasifier is relatively low at around
900 °C or less, which means that reactive feedstocks can be used. Some fluidized
gasifiers have been designed to be used while pressurized. Since high volumes of gas
are required for fluidizing the fuel particles these types of gasifiers are commonly airblown, although oxygen-blown gasifiers do exist. The tar levels for fluidized bed
gasifiers are usually between those of up- and downdraft gasifiers, around 10 g Nm-3.
An external heat source is needed at start-up to bring the sand up to temperature.
During normal operation a part of the biomass is combusted in a controlled flow of
oxidant in order to maintain the bed temperature. Thanks to the intensive mixing in the
bed resulting in good heat exchange and high reaction rates, the size of fluidized bed
gasifiers is more compact. Since they are able to operate at lower temperatures
fluidized bed gasifiers are more resistant to biomass feedstocks that have ash with a

lower melting temperature or highly corrosive ash. Incomplete carbon burnout is a
drawback that is caused by the range of residence times of individual particles (Roddy
& Manson-Whitton, 2012).
In bubbling fluidized bed gasifiers biomass is fed from the side while air,
steam or oxygen is being blown upward through the bed at a flow rate that is just
enough to keep the biomass agitated. Pyrolysis in this kind of gasifier is faster than in
fixed bed gasifiers due to better mixing. The temperature in bubbling fluidized bed
gasifiers is, according to Pereira and Martins (2017), between 800 and 1000 °C. The
gasifier can be operated under atmospheric pressure or pressurized. If the reactor is
designed with a larger head space above the bubbling bed the result of this design
choice is a lower level of tar in the resulting syngas. As a result of particle attrition in
the fluidized bed the level of particulates can be high. A cyclone is used at the syngas
exit to catch particles of char and ash. Bubbling bed fluidizers have been run on many
types of biomass feedstock and have proven to be quite tolerant of moisture content
and particle size variation because of the mixing quality. Bed agglomeration is one of
the main risks with bubbling fluidized bed gasifiers. This can occur if biomass
feedstocks with too low an ash melting temperature are used (Roddy & MansonWhitton, 2012).
When using a circulating fluidized bed, the biomass is fed in from the
side. The velocity of the oxidant is higher in order to keep the biomass feedstock
suspended with the particulates being returned to the fluidized bed via a cyclone and
siphon. This type of gasifier can be operated pressurized if the syngas usage
downstream requires pressure. The higher velocity of the oxidant leads to high particle
concentrations as a result of particle attrition. An important design element to be noted
is that the gasifier needs to be erosion tolerant due to the high velocity of the particles
in the gasifier. A circulating bed fluidizer can easily switch between feedstocks as long
as the particle size is below 20 mm. Bed material and ash are separated by the cyclone
and returned to the reactor. Circulating bed fluidizer are particularly suitable for
gasification of biomass when the size of the particles is hard to control; smaller
particles are gasified in their first pass into the reactor while larger particles remain
behind until they are sufficiently consumed to be carried over to the external recycle
loop. Carbon burnout is better with this kind of gasifier than in bubbling fluid bed
gasifiers (Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012).

The dual fluidized bed utilizes two separate but linked circulating bed
fluidizers for combustion and gasification. Biomass is fed to the gasifier and converted
into syngas and char by using steam as oxidant. Suspended sand and char drop into the
combustor where the char is burnt in air. The velocity of the air needs to be sufficient
enough to keep the heated sand particles suspended and drive them through the
cyclone. The hot particles are returned to the gasifier by the cyclone while releasing
syngas. Using steam as oxidant not only boosts the hydrogen content of the resulting
syngas but also increases its methane content. The main advantage of using a dual
fluidized bed gasifier is the ability to optimize combustion and gasification separately.,
and the ability to produce syngas with a relatively low amount of nitrogen by using air
instead of oxygen during combustion (Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012).
Characteristic of an entrained flow gasifier is that the biomass particles
and gas flow in the same direction rapidly with a very short residence time in the
reactor. This type of gasifier can also be used with slurries or atomized liquid
feedstocks. This type of gasifier is the most common technology used for gasifying
coal and has been in use since the 1950’s. As the processing temperature of this type
of reactor is high, they discharge their ash as fused and molten slag. The slag that is
formed works as a heat and corrosion layer on the inner walls of the reactor. A suitable
flux, for example limestone, is added to control the viscosity of the liquid slag. Oxygen
is the most commonly used oxidant in this kind of gasifier. Because biomass cannot
be slurried, the use of entrained flow gasifiers is quite uncommon when biomass is the
feedstock of choice. (Roddy & Manson-Whitton, 2012).
Supercritical water gasification is a promising new technology that can
be used to convert wet biomass, water content over 70%, into a methane and hydrogen
rich syngas. The operating parameters of a supercritical water gasifier are a
temperature in excess of 374 °C, and a pressure over 22 MPa (the supercritical
condition for water) (Pereira & Martins, 2017). At these conditions water has unique
properties, being something like a gas and liquid. This means that the physicalchemical properties of supercritical water are partially that of a liquid and partially that
of a gas. Under supercritical conditions physical-chemical properties such as viscosity,
density, ion product and dielectric constant are different from those of water in gas or
liquid phase. The density of SCW is in between that of liquid water and gaseous water.
Viscosity of SCW is low and implies higher diffusion coefficient values of water

which allows for higher reaction rates. The dielectric constant of SCW is low, close to
that of many nonpolar solvents. This means that SCW is a good solvent for nonpolar
organic compounds and is capable of solubilizing undesirable gasification products
such as tar. The ability to solve polar inorganic compounds decreases significantly
which may lead to fouling problems in the reactor due to precipitation of these salts.
A variety of biomasses, including lignocellulosic biomass and forest residue have been
successfully gasified in supercritical water gasifiers. The biomass is almost completely
gasified under supercritical conditions and the cleavage products are dissolved in the
supercritical water minimizing the formation of coke and char. During supercritical
water gasification the main component of biomass, cellulose, is hydrolyzed at
temperatures above 200 °C resulting in the formation of fructose, glucose and
oligomers. This stage has high productivity and is swift. Thereafter acids, phenols,
furfural and other intermediates are formed from soluble carbohydrates. They are then
decomposed into hydrogen, methane, carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide. (Pereira
& Martins, 2017). The usage of catalysts improves the efficiency of supercritical water
gasification. The reaction rate can be increased, and the temperature decreased. By
decreasing the reaction temperature, the equipment and operating costs of SCWG are
decreased. Catalysts also increase the hydrogen yield and conversion rate of the
biomass (Heidenreich, Müller & Foscolo, 2016).

2.6 BIOCHEMICAL CONVERSION
Converting biomass to energy through biochemical processes is the most well-known
and tested method, even at an industrial level. Biological conversion methods can be
divided into two methods: anaerobic digestion and fermentation (Tursi & Olivito,
2021).

2.6.1 Anaerobic Digestion
Anaerobic digestion is a multi-step biochemical reaction that uses several types of
microorganisms that do not require oxygen to live. The product of this reaction is
biogas, which is mostly comprised of methane and carbon dioxide. Complex organic
matter, such as proteins, fats and carbohydrates, are broken down by specialized
microorganisms into molecules with a smaller atomic mass, which are soluble in water,
such as amino and fatty acids and sugars. The end product of this process is biogas:
mostly methane and carbon dioxide. This entire process can be broken down into four
steps: hydrolysis, acidogenesis, acetogenesis and methanogenesis (Kirk & Gould,
2020).
The first step in anaerobic digestion is hydrolysis. Biomass is generally
comprised of very large organic polymers, proteins, carbohydrates and fats, and it is
through hydrolysis that these polymers are broken down into smaller molecules such
as amino acids, fatty acids and simple sugars. Some of the products of hydrolysis,
including acetate and hydrogen can be utilized later by the methanogens later in the
digestion process. The majority of these large molecules must, however, be further
broken down in the next step, acidogenesis, so that they can be utilized in the creation
of methane (Kirk & Gould, 2020).
Acidogenesis, or fermentation, is the step in which acidogenic
microorganisms further break down the biomass products following hydrolysis. The
acidogenic bacteria create an acidic environment in the digester while also producing
hydrogen, ammonia, carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide. Aside from these, other
products formed during this step are volatile fatty acids, carbonic acids, alcohols and
small amounts of other by-products. While acidogenic bacteria further breaks down
the organic matter, it is still unusable and too large for methane production. The next

step in breaking down the organic matter is acetogenesis. (Kirk & Gould, 2020)
Many of the products created in the acidogenesis step are catabolized by
acetogens and form acetic acid, hydrogen and carbon dioxide which are then used by
methanogens to create methane. (Kirk & Gould, 2020)
In the final step of anaerobic digestion; methanogenesis, the
methanogens create methane from the final products of acetogenesis, as well as from
some of the intermediate products from hydrolysis and acidogenesis (Kirk & Gould,
2020).

2.6.2 Fermentation
Fermentation can be divided into two categories, photo and dark fermentation. These
methods ae mostly used to produce hydrogen from biomass. Vaishali and Debabrata
(2018), state that suitable biomass feedstocks for fermentation are ones based on sugarrich plants such as Miscanthus. Before use in fermentative processes some
pretreatment of the feedstock is needed in order to remove lignin and saccharification
of the crystalline cellulose present in lignocellulosic crops. Lignocellulosic biomass
may be in abundance, but the aforementioned steps increase the operational costs and
limits the usage of it as feedstock.

Dark Fermentation
According to Antonopoulou et al. (2011), dark fermentation is a fermentation process
that is carried out under anaerobic conditions in the absence of light. This process is
directly related to the acidogenic step in anaerobic digestion. A wide variety of
bacteria, such as facultative or obligate anaerobes, are able to convert organic matter
to carbon dioxide, hydrogen and metabolites; volatile fatty acids (Wukovits &
Schnitzhofer, 2009). Dark fermentation is an effective and viable method, because it
is carried out at ambient pressure and temperature (Antonopoulou, et al., 2011).
The energy conversion efficiency of dark fermentation is rather low, due
to solvents and volatile organic acids being obtained as co-products and remaining in
the effluent of the reactor as unused sources of carbon. Increases to the conversion
efficiency can be done by degrading the coproducts in a consecutive step to generate
more hydrogen via photo fermentation or methane via anaerobic digestion (Wukovits

& Schnitzhofer, 2009).
Process conditions have a large effect on the production of hydrogen.
Factors such as hydraulic retention time, pH and the partial pressure of hydrogen all
influence the metabolic balance. Hydrogenase enzyme activity is sensitive to pH to the
extent that the mediums pH affects the specific production rate and hydrogen yield, as
well as the types of organic acid formed. Temperature affects the metabolic activity
and growth rate of the bacteria and an increase in temperature increases hydrogen
production. Production rates and hydrogen yields of thermophilic bacteria (which
grow at temperatures exceeding 60 °C) often show higher values compared to
mesophilic bacteria (bacteria which grow at ambient temperatures). Under carefully
chosen conditions thermophilic bacteria produce 83-100% of the maximum theoretical
output of hydrogen (Wukovits & Schnitzhofer, 2009).
Hallenbeck, Lazaro & Sagır (2019), state that there are several limiting
factors with regards to dark fermentation. Hydrogen yield and production rate being
much lower than the theoretical maximum is a drawback. To improve hydrogen yields
a secondary system should be added since dark fermentation alone cannot utilize all
compounds in the feedstock resulting in alcohols and organic acids going unused
unless a secondary system is added that can make use of the remaining products. The
second step could be a methanogenic reactor for the production of methane or a photo
fermentative system for hydrogen production.

Photo Fermentation
Photo fermentation converts organic matter into biohydrogen and carbon dioxide, just
like dark fermentation. The major difference compared to dark fermentation is that
photo fermentation requires light to happen. Photo fermentation is used to convert
short-chain organic acids to hydrogen by utilizing purple nonsulfur bacteria. Photo
fermentation uses photoheterotrophic bacteria, the bacteria evolve hydrogen catalyzed
by nitrogenase under nitrogen-deficient conditions using simple organic acids and
light. There are a few reasons why photo fermentation is an attractive way of producing
hydrogen, the first being that there is no oxygen involved in photo fermentation so
there is no inhibition to hydrogen production caused by oxygen. Other reasons are the
high theoretical conversion yield and the ability to use light of a wide spectrum to
decompose organic acids to hydrogen and carbon dioxide (Wukovits & Schnitzhofer,

2009).
The major disadvantage of this way of fermentation is, however, the need
for a large surface area with which to collect sufficient light energy. This is due to the
low photochemical efficiency of the photo fermentative process. The need for light in
this process also leads to a day-night cycle which means that hydrogen production is
not continuous. Reactor design is also something of a technological challenge since
the reactor needs to offer optimal surface-to-volume ratio and an even distribution of
light within the reactor (Wukovits & Schnitzhofer, 2009).

Combined Biological Treatment Processes
Since these conversion processes are inefficient by themselves, Wukovits and
Schnitzhofer (2009), suggest a combination of the previously mentioned biological
processes to improve efficiency. They presented two combinations: dark fermentation
combined with anaerobic digestion and dark fermentation combined with photo
fermentation.
Combining dark fermentation with anaerobic digestion of the volatile
organic acids and solvent coproducts would produce hydrogen and methane. If
hydrogen is the desired product, a reforming step could be included to convert the
produced methane into hydrogen.
Dark fermentation combined with photo fermentation would allow for
the conversion of feedstock containing carbohydrates to hydrogen and carbon dioxide
that would otherwise not be achievable due to thermodynamic limitations (Wukovits
& Schnitzhofer, 2009). Hallenbeck, Lazaro & Sagır (2019), suggest that by growing
dark fermentative bacteria (DFB) and photo fermentative bacteria (PFB) in the same
reactor simultaneously the hydrogen yield can be improved. This would work by using
the organic acids formed by DFB as substrate for the PFB resulting in complete
substrate utilization and thus improving hydrogen yield. The use of this kind of coculture could also lead to a decrease in the total reactor volume, a reduction in
fermentation time and lowering the costs of operating the reactor due to a simpler
operation process.

2.7 REFINEMENT AND FINAL PRODUCTS
The previously mentioned treatment methods can, as discussed in the chapters before,
produce a variety of products that can be used as such or be further refined and utilized.

2.7.1 Syngas
Synthesis gas is, as previously stated, manufactured through the gasification of
biomass and can be combusted as boiler fuel or utilized as raw material in the
production of hydrogen gas, methanol and ethanol.
Refining the syn gas is often done with the Fischer-Tropsch process
which is, briefly described, the production of liquid hydrocarbons from carbon
monoxide and hydrogen by using transition metal catalysts. Before further refinement,
the synthesis gas has to be cleaned of contaminants to avoid problems downstream in
the process, namely catalyst poisoning. Common contaminants to be removed are tars,
particulates and acidic gases such as sulfur. Tars are problematic since some synthesis
applications, such as chemical or fuel production, require the syngas to be cooled.
When the gas is cooled the tars start to condense on the cool surfaces and may lead to
plugging, fouling of pipes or the formation of small aerosol droplets. Tars can also
affect the reforming catalyst used by deactivating it. Overall process efficiency may
also decrease due to tars having a high energy content. Tars are not a problem if the
syngas is going to be directly used for combustion. Tar removal is often done by
cooling the syngas and physically removing the condensed tar by using wet scrubbers
or electrostatic precipitators. Catalytic and thermal methods for tar removal are also
employed and may involve the recirculation of tars back into the gasifier where they
are broken down to form gas and energy. (Evans & Smith, 2012)
Particulates are solid particles of ash in the gas stream which can
potentially damage equipment downstream. Removal of particulates is also often
needed to comply with emission regulations. Particulates are often removed by using
either barrier or cyclonic filters. Cyclonic filters are used to remove the bulk of
particulate materials from the gas stream. They are used in the first removal step in
gasifier systems and can handle gases of varying temperature ranges. Removal of tars
and alkali metals is also a possible use case for this type of filter. Barrier filters are

made up of a range of porous materials which allow gas to pass through and may either
be rigid, bag or packed bed constructions. When gas passes over the barrier, particulate
materials are blocked and cannot go through the barrier. Barrier filters are most
commonly used for removing smaller diameter particulates and are used after cyclonic
filters. Barrier filters are not suitable for use with wet sticky materials such as tars,
since they tend to block this type of filter. Finer particulates can be cleaned up using
electrostatic filters and wet scrubbers (Evans & Smith, 2012).

2.7.2 Biogas
Biogas is formed during anaerobic digestion and is a mixture of carbon dioxide and
methane. Anaerobic digestion was originally used as a method of waste treatment but
can also be used to produce biogas and biohydrogen from energy crops (Stamatelatou,
Antonopoulou & Michailides, 2014). There are many uses for biogas; it can be burnt
to produce heat, generate electricity, and used as fuel for vehicles. The most common
use case for biogas is to combust it in CHP plants. To improve the quality of biogas it
has to be upgraded to ensure that it meets the requirements of the gas appliances where
it is to be used. Upgrading the biogas improves its quality and heating value.
Upgrading the biogas usually involves removing CO2, water, H2S and trace gasses
from the biogas. Removal of CO2 is done utilizing either physical or chemical
technologies. Most commonly, carbon dioxide is removed through either absorption
or adsorption. In absorption processes it is possible to remove both CO 2 and H2S
simultaneously. The most common solvent used for countercurrent scrubbing of precompressed biogas is water. CO2 and H2S are released in a flash tank after pressure
scrubbing is completed, and the pressure is reduced, and the temperature increased in
the tank. Almost complete absorption can be achieved if Ca(OH2) solutions are used
to remove both CO2 and H2S. This results in the formation of the insoluble CaCO3 and
CaS. Another way of removing CO2 and H2S from the biogas is to use organic solvents
or alkali amines, since the gases are more soluble in the chemicals than the methane in
the biogas. This method makes low pressure operation possible; the chemical,
however, needs to be regenerated with steam. Carbon dioxide can also be removed by
using pressure swing adsorption on solids such as activated carbon. Using molecular
sieves is also possible. High temperature and pressure are generally required to achieve

adsorption. This process does require dry biogas, making water vapor removal a
necessary step if this method is to be utilized. Removal of carbon dioxide is also
possible by cooling the biogas at elevated pressure to at least -78 °C; at this
temperature, CO2 becomes a liquid and can removed. This method is costly and,
therefore, it is only in limited use (Borja & Rincón, 2017).
Water is removed from the biogas by means of physical or chemical
technologies: adsorption, absorption or condensation. Design of the pipework is also
a common method to condense the water, refrigeration is another method. Silica gel
or aluminum oxide can be used for adsorption of water. Absorption of water can be
done with glycol or hygroscopic salts (Borja & Rincón, 2017).
According to Borja & Rincón (2017), sulfur removal from biogas can be
done by chemical precipitation, adsorption, absorption or membrane separation. The
common adsorption module for sulfur removal is based on two parallel adsorbent
modules packed with activated carbon or Fe2O3, Fe(OH)3or ZnO. This method of
chemical adsorption has become popular due to its simplicity, high efficiency and fast
oxidation kinetics. Microorganisms of the Thiobacillus family can also be used to
remove sulfides from biogas. The microorganisms oxidize them to mainly elementary
sulfur and some sulfates. The simplest method of desulfurization is to add air or
oxygen directly into the digestion chamber, doing so reduces the hydrogen sulfur
levels by up to 95%. Safety measures have to be taken into account when adding air
or oxygen to biogas, since methane is explosive in the range of 5-15% air. Biofiltration
of hydrogen sulfur is mostly implemented in biotrickling filters due to their efficient
gas–liquid mass transfer, easy control of operational variables and cost effectiveness.
Biotrickling filters used for desulfurization are packed bed columns. Membranes can
also be used for removing hydrogen by using membranes that are permeable to
hydrogen sulfur but not to methane, thus separating the two.
Removal of siloxane from biogas is important, as it has a tendency to
form microcrystalline silica when combusted. The silica gradually coats the
combustion equipment and can lead to serious damage, if not properly removed from
the gas. Removal is done by either adsorption or absorption. Adsorption-based
cleaning technologies include using activated carbon, which can only be used for
treating dry biogas. Molecular sieves can also be used as well as polymer pellets. Silica
gel in particular has proven to be a promising treatment method, since it also dries the

biogas. Absorption of siloxane is done by utilizing non-volatile organic solvents. An
alternative method is chemical abatement using acidic- or caustic-catalyzed hydrolysis
of the silicon-oxygen bond (Borja & Rincón, 2017).

2.7.3 Biohydrogen
Biohydrogen can be produced through biological conversion of biomass or
thermochemically. Syngas produced through gasification can be converted to
biohydrogen by steam reforming. Bio-oils resulting from fast pyrolysis can also be
reformed to biohydrogen. The bio-oil is reformed by using steam, heat and a noble
metal as catalyst. This produces synthesis gas, which can then be reformed to
biohydrogen. Biohydrogen is produced through the water-gas shift reaction with steam
and involves the carbon monoxide in the syngas reacting with the steam to produce
carbon dioxide and hydrogen. Two types of reactors can be used for this: low- or high
temperature shift reactor. After the water-gas shift reaction, gas mixtures with high
contents of hydrogen are obtained. Before the hydrogen can be used as fuel or a
chemical, purification is needed. This is done by a pressure swing adsorption system
with a series of columns in which the gas mixture is successively pressurized and
depressurized. This separates the hydrogen from the other gases (Kumar & Sarkar,
2011).
Biochemical production of hydrogen is done via dark or light
fermentation and direct or indirect biophotolysis. Light fermentation does not have a
high hydrogen yield due to limited substrates and the requirement for a large reactor
area. Dark fermentation, however, seems to be a more effective method for producing
hydrogen from biomass, since it is not restricted to the feedstock suitability
requirements of light fermentation nor the complex and expensive reactor design
associated with light fermentation (Stamatelatou, Antonopoulou & Michailides, 2014).

2.7.4 Bioethanol
Bioethanol can be produced from many different feedstocks with lignocellulosic
biomass being the most promising. Karimi and Chisti (2017), have described
bioethanol production as having four steps: preparation of feedstock, fermentation of

sugars to ethanol, distillation and finally dehydration to obtain anhydrous ethanol.
Pretreatment of the feedstock depends on the sort of feedstock. Lignocellulose is the
most abundant and cheapest source for fermentable sugars.
Producing ethanol from lignocellulosic biomass is much more difficult
than from starch- or sugar-rich materials. Pretreatment of lignocellulosic biomass
usually involves milling the biomass into smaller, more uniform particles which are
then often subjected to dilute acid pretreatment, which is often considered the most
cost-effective way of pretreating lignocellulosic biomass that is to become ethanol.
Treating the biomass with acid also yields other high-value chemicals such as furfural
and aldehydes. Steam explosion is also a viable method for pretreating the biomass
(Capodaglio & Bolognesi, 2019).
Halder and colleagues, (2019) have presented some technological
challenges with producing ethanol from lignocellulosic biomass. Pretreatment of the
feedstock is both energy- and cost-intensive because some of the chemicals used in
pretreating the biomass are difficult to recycle and pose environmental and health
hazards. The possibility of enzymatic inhibition is also a potential problem since they
can hamper the fermentation or hydrolysis process. Some form of detoxification is
needed to be added to the ethanol production process. Selecting the most suitable
enzyme for hydrolysis and suitable microorganisms for fermentation is also a technical
challenge. In order to ensure that the process is cost-effective, the concentration of
sugar has to be at a high enough level in the hydrolysate, since lignocellulosic biomass
can in some cases produce a low concentration of sugar in the hydrolysate.
Bioethanol can also be produced from syngas. Doing so has the
advantage of being able to use the lignin portion of the lignocellulosic biomass. There
are two ways of producing ethanol from syngas: metal-catalytic (Fischer-Tropsch) or
biocatalytic. After the synthesis gas has been filtered, the gas is heated to 300 °C and
the pressure is raised to 69 bar before it enters the reaction chamber. The gas is also
mixed with methanol and water to improve the yield of higher alcohols. This mixture
is then passed through a synthetic catalyst to obtain ethanol, methanol, other higher
alcohols such as pentanol, methane and water. The reaction rate of this process is high,
with over 60% of the carbon monoxide converting to ethanol. The gas is then cooled,
allowing the alcohols to condense and separate from the unconverted synthesis gas.
The condensed alcohols are then refined further by alcohol separation and purification

steps. The most promising metal catalyst for converting syngas to ethanol appears to
be Rhodium (Vohra, et al., 2014).
Ethanol can also be produced by fermenting the syngas. The advantages
of using this process are lower temperature and pressure requirements. This can often
be done at atmospheric conditions, and this process is less susceptible to varying
compositions of the feed gas. As with the previous method, the gas is cleaned and it is
in contrast to the previous method, cooled to ambient temperature and stored at high
pressure. The clean and cool gas is then fed into the ethanol conversion chamber where
the gas is fermented by microbes into ethanol and acetic acid. Once fermentation is
complete, the liquid is distilled to ethanol from the other formed products. The ethanol
is then dehydrated to make it fuel quality ethanol. There are some drawbacks with this
method for ethanol production, a major drawback being the low productivity of this
process. Other factors such as inhibition of the biological catalyst by the products, the
inability of the process to yield only the desired product and low gas-liquid mass
transfer need to be addressed before this method of ethanol production can become
economically feasible (Vohra, et al., 2014).

2.7.5 Biodiesel
Biodiesel can be made from synthesis gas by using the Fischer-Tropsch process. There
are two classes of Fischer-Tropsch technology, low temperature and high temperature.
Low temperature FT operates at temperatures between 200 and 240 °C and uses a
cobalt-based catalyst and produces mostly linear paraffins with a small fraction of
oxygenates and olefins. High temperature FT, in contrast, operates at 300-350 °C and
uses an iron-based catalyst and is mostly used to produce liquid fuels. Both iron and
cobalt catalysts can be used in low temperature FT. The feedstock also dictates, to
some extent, which catalyst should be used. A fixed bed or slurry reactor is used as the
synthesis reactor. There are several types of biomass which can be used for making
FT-liquids. The biodiesel produced via FT is very similar to fossil diesel in terms of
energy content, flash point and viscosity (Bezergianni & Dimitriadis, 2013; Lappas &
Heracleous, 2016).

3 MATERIAL AND METHODS
Using the data found in the literature review for different energy crops, an Excel
spreadsheet was prepared, which was used to calculate values needed in the
comparison of combustion of the biomass and anaerobic digestion of the biomass and
combustion of the resulting biogas. The cultivation area used for growing the energy
crops in the calculations represents 10%, about 19 570 ha, of the cultivated area in
Ostrobothnia. The cultivated area in Ostrobothnia was on average 195 700 hectares
between 2013 and 2020, based on data from the Natural Resources Insitute Finland,
(2021). According to the same source, the area used to grow grains, such as wheat and
rye, was in the same time period, on average 99 180 ha. As shown in Table 1, the
average straw yield is 2 t/ha/a and according to Bentsen, Nilsson & Larsen (2018), the
amount of straw that should be harvested from the field is between 15 and 60% to
ensure that there are enough nutirents left in the field.
The data in the tables in the Theory chapter was used as input data in the
calculations. The file uses color-coded cells for different meanings.
Input
Calculation
Result
Figure 5 Explanation of the cell colors.

The equation used for calculating the lower heating value, (LHV when used, in the
Excel-file), of the various biomasses was done by using Equation 1, which was used
by Alakangas et al. (2016), in their work.
100−𝑀𝑎𝑟

𝑞𝑝,𝑛𝑒𝑡,𝑎𝑟 = 𝑞𝑝,𝑛𝑒𝑡,𝑑 × (

100

) − 0.02443 × 𝑀𝑎𝑟

(1)

𝑞𝑝,𝑛𝑒𝑡,𝑎𝑟 is the lower heating value of the biomass at a certain moisture content,
𝑞𝑝,𝑛𝑒𝑡,𝑑 is the higher heating value of dry matter
𝑀𝑎𝑟 is the moisture content in the fuel
0.02443 is a correction factor for the vaporization of water at constant pressure at 25
°C, MJ/kg per 1 weight-% of moisture.

Biogas yields are presented in the table below.
Biomass
Hemp
Reed Canary Grass
Miscanthus
Willow
Poplar
Straw

Yield(m³/1000 kg VS)
355–409
340-430
179-218
0.13-0.37
0.23-0.42
242-324

Source
(Kulichkova, et al., 2020)
(Kulichkova, et al., 2020)
(Kulichkova, et al., 2020)
(Raposo, et al., 2012)
(Raposo, et al., 2012)
(Kulichkova, et al., 2020)

Raposo et al. (2012) presented their findings for the biogas yields of poplar and willow
in mL CH4/g VS, so their values had to converted to m3 CH4/1000 kg VS.
To simplify the calculations, the conversion of biomass to biogas was
assumed to be 1. The biogas yield presented in the results was calculated by using the
theoretical yield of the energy crops, subtracting the ash content from it and then
multiplying the results with the average biogas yield (based on the values in Table 7).
The result obtained is the biogas yield in m3/ha/a. The fuel yield ,(MWh/ha/a), is
calculated by using the energy content of methane in kWh/m3 and multiplying that
with the biogas yield.
When calculating the results, average values were used when an interval
of values for different parameters, such as heating value, biogas yield or moisture
content of the biomass, were presented in the source materials.
When calculating the average yield of willow, areas 20 and 21 were
chosen from research done by Tahvanainen and Rytkönen (1999), because the areas
were the closest to Ostrobothnia.
With regard to the amount harvestable of the theoretical crops yield a
loss of 10% was assumed stemming from various harvesting-related inefficiencies.
This combined with the moisture content of the biomass when used was used to
calculate the biomass yield at operational moisture.
The Excel-file can be found in Appendices.

4 RESULTS
Using the data obtained from the literature review and the resulting calculations, the
following results were obtained for the energy potential of various energy crops. If the
biomasses were combusted the amounts of energy presented in Tabell 7 could be
extracted.
Tabell 8 Fuel yields of the plants and heat and power yields from their combustion

COMBUSTION
Straw,
15%
left in
the
Hemp RCG
Miscanthus Willow** Poplar*** field
MWh/ha/a 44.69 40.88
48.65
17.18
38.37
7.59

BIOMASS
Fuel yield
Fuel yield,
Ostrobothnia
GWh/a
874.67 799.98
952.23
Biomass
Combustion
Efficiency (CHP)
%
85
85
85
Heat and power
to the end user
MWh/ha/a 37.99 34.74
41.36
Heat and power
to the end user
GWh/a
743.47 679.98
809.39
**Harvested once every three
years
***Harvested once every 10-15 years, assumption: 15 years

Straw,
60%
left in
the
field
3.57

336.23

751.02

148.5

69.88

85

85

85

85

14.60

32.62

6.45

3.04

638.37 126.22

59.40

285.80

If the biomasses were to be combusted the best alternative would be to combust
Miscanthus which would generate 809 GWh/a of heat and power, followed by hemp
with 743 GWh/a and reed canary grass with 680 GWh/a. The values for poplar and
willow are 638 and 285 GWh/a respectively. Combustion of the straw, a byproduct
from food production, would generate between 59 and 126 GWh/a, depending on the
amount of straw left in the field for soil improvement purposes.
Values for anaerobic digestion and combustion of the resulting biogas are presented
on the next page.

Table 9 Biogas yields of the plants and heat and power yields from combustion of the resulting biogas

ANAEROBIC DIGESTION

BIOMASS
Hemp RCG
Biogas yield
MWh/ha/a 50.91 35.63
Biogas yield,
Ostrobothnia
GWh/a
996.33 697.33
Biogas Combustion
Efficiency (CHP)
%
85
85
Heat and power to
the end user
MWh/ha/a 43.27 30.29
Heat and power to
the end user
GWh/a
846.88 592.73
**Harvested once every three
years
***Harvested once every 10-15 years, assumption:
15 years

Straw,
15%
left in
the
Miscanthus Willow** Poplar*** field
21.66
3.43E-03 2.01E-03
4.69

Straw,
60%
left in
the
field
2.21

423.87

0.07

0.04

91.72

43.16

85

85

85

85

85

18.41

2.91E-03

1.71E-03

3.98

1.87

360.29

0.06

0.03

77.97

36.69

If the biomasses would be used as feedstock for anaerobic digestion and the resulting
biogas was combusted, hemp would be the best alternative, it could generate 846
GWh/a of heat and power, followed by reed canary grass with 592 GWh/a and
Miscanthus with 360 GWh/a. The values for poplar and willow are 0.06 and 0.03
GWh/a respectively. Anaerobic digestion of the straw would generate between 36 and
77 GWh/a, depending on the amount of straw left in the field for soil improvement
purposes.

5 DISCUSSION
The amount of heat and power that could be produced from the energy crops or fuels
derived from them was investigated to see which crops should be grown based on the
amount of energy obtained from them. Based on the calculations the best option for
combustion is Miscanthus, which could produce 809 GWh/a. If anaerobic digestion
and burning of the resulting biogas is preferred, then hemp is the best option, producing
846 GWh/a of heat and power. The conversion of biomass to biogas was assumed to
be one. In reality, however, this is not the case, and as such the yield of biogas would
be lower.
The impact of transportation on the overall energy efficiency of using
biomass was not considered. Transporting loose biomass, such as straw, for long
distances is not economical. Lindh et al. (2009), researched the transportation of reed
canary grass and found that the transport distance from field to plant should be between
20 and 120 kilometers to be economically feasible. This could possibly also be the
case for other biomasses presented in this thesis.
To give some scope to the results: Vaskiluodon Voima in Vaasa
produces between 0.9 and 1.7 TWh/a of electricity and 400-480 GWh/a of district heat
(Vaskiloudon Voima, 2021). Another powerplant in the region, Westenergy, combusts
municipal waste to produce heat and power. Their CHP production in 2020 was 402
GWh heat and 89 GWh power (Westenergy, 2021).
Based on the calculation presented in the Results section it could be, at
least theoretically, possible to switch to utilizing only energy crops in the production
of heat and power.

6 CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
In Ostrobothnia, approximately 195 700 hectares of land is cultivated, and 99 180
hectares are used for grain production. Of the entire cultivated area 10% was assumed
to be land of poorer quality and could be used for growing energy crops. Fallow land
could also be an alternative area for growing energy crops since, on average, 16 000
hectares of land is in fallow based on (Natural Resources Institute Finland - Statistics
service, 2021) and is quite close to the area used in the calculations.
Based on the calculations, some energy crops are better suitable to be
combusted than anaerobically gasified. Miscanthus seems to be well suitable for
combustion, as does hemp. Willow and poplar should also be combusted due to their
poor performance when used as feedstock for anaerobic digestion. Hemp seems to the
best choice for anaerobic digestion, based on the calculations.
The effects of growing energy crops on farmland used for food
production should be investigated to make sure that the energy crops do not compete
with food crops and impact the food supply in a negative way. Another area of
investigation should be the availability of enough marginal land not suitable for food
crops, that could be used for growing energy crops instead, and how large the area of
the marginal land should be since marginal land is not necessarily as nutrient rich as
farmland.
The literature used in this thesis only gave an alternative harvest yield
for hemp when it would be used for feedstock for anaerobic gasification. Since the
biomasses can be harvested green if they are to be digested, they have a higher
moisture content and therefore the biomass yield is higher than when they are to be
combusted. Because of this, the results obtained for anaerobic digestion of hemp are
significantly higher than for other energy crops presented in this thesis.
The effects of pretreatment of the biomass was not taken into account in
this work and is something that merits more study, since it may have a significant
impact on the amount of energy that can be obtained from both combustion and of the
biomass and the biogas resulting from gasification. Willow and poplar did not yield
large quantities of biogas, since wood based biomass is not easily digested in anaerobic
conditions, pretreatment of them might improve the results.
The cost of growing these plants was not considered in this study.

Research should be done into which energy crops would the most economical as a
whole to grow. The effect of fertilization was not considered in this work and therefore
there exists the possibility that using fertilizers when growing the energy crops, the
yields could improve. Other areas which merit more research are the transportation of
the biomasses from the fields to the power plant and how the biomass should be stored
and what challenges need to be overcome with the transport and storage of biomass.

POTENTIELLA
ENERGIGRÖDOR
OCH
UTNYTTJNINGSTEKNIK I ÖSTERBOTTEN

DERAS

Det finns ett ökande behov att ersätta fossila bränslen med miljövänligare alternativ
för att minska mängden växthusgaser som förorsakas av användningen av fossila
bränslen. Detta betyder att användningen av förnyelsebara energikällor måste öka. Ett
möjligt sätt att uppnå detta är att odla biomassa som kan användas som råmaterial för
att tillverka olika bränslen eller användas i olika former för att producera elektricitet
och fjärrvärme. Biomassan som odlas måste vara av en art som tål de varierande
förhållanden i Finland, måste ha hög avkastning per hektar och måste relativt lätt
kunna konverteras till bränsle av något slag. Österbotten har valts som exempelområde
eftersom det finns många företag i regionen som är aktiva inom energisektorn och det
torde därför finnas kunskap för att mest effektivt utnyttja biomassan för
energiproduktion.
Halm av olika sädesslag som råg, korn, vete och havre kan vara möjliga
energikällor. Halm kan förbrännas eller förgasas och har väldigt liknande kemisk
sammansättning som trä. Halm har ene hög askhalt och låg asksmältningstemperatur
och är därför något problematisk att förbränna.
Vide är ett snabbväxande trädslag som kan producera stora mängder
biomassa och används oftast som fast bränsle men kan även vara en källa för bränslen
i gas- och vätskeform. Avkastningen från en välskött videplantering kan vara upp till
10 ton torrsubstans per hektar. Vide är förutom en möjlig energikälla också en växt
som förbättrar och renar marken från föroreningar som tungmetaller.
Poppel är ett trädslag som är snabbt växande och har stor biomassa
produktionspotential. Etablering av en poppelodling är enkelt eftersom den kan
planteras på många olika sätt, till exempel som sticklingar eller som plantor. Det flesta
poppelarter kräver en jordmån med hög fuktighet men det finns arter som klarar av
torrare jordtyper. Avkastningen från en poppelodling beror på arten, jordmånen och
väderleken.
Hampa är en växt som har långa odlingsanor i Finland, det kan ha odlats
här för upptill 5000 år sedan. Hampa har traditionellt odlats för sina fibrer och har
använts för att tillverka rep, kläder och andra textiler. Hampfrön har använts som föda
eller djurfoder. Hampa kan användas som fast bränsle i form av pellets eller briketter

men den kan också förbrännas utan förbehandling istället för torv. Biogas- och
etanoltillverkning ur hampa är något som undersöks. Jämfört med andra energigrödor
är hampa ett utmärkt alternativ eftersom dess egenskaper är ofta bättre. Under
tillväxtfasen binder hampa koldioxid i sig effektivare än träd och andra
jordbruksväxter.
Rörflen är en gräsart med stor avkastning av biomassa. Det är en billig
växt att etablera och kräver ingen specialutrustning att skörda. Rörflen mognar tidigt
och det är möjligt att skörda det redan tidigt på våren. Förutom energianvändning kan
det också användas som djurströ, råmaterial för papper eller som djurfoder.
Miscanthus är ett släkte av olika gräsarter från Ostasien med hög av
kastning och god förmåga att klara sig i kalla klimat. Förutom bränsle kan växten
användas för att tillverka papper, djurströ och byggnadsmaterial.
Alla växter som presenterats i detta arbete är lignocellulosiska och är uppbyggda av
polymererna cellulosa, hemicellulosa och lignin. För att kunna använda
lignocellulosisk biomassa är någon form av förbehandling ofta ett nödvändigt steg i
processen. Förbehandlingsmetoderna kan delas in i fyra kategorier: fysisk, kemisk,
biologisk och fysikalisk-kemisk. Vilken metod som väljs beror på till exempel
förhållandet av cellulosa, hemicellulosa och lignin i biomassan.
Fysisk förbehandling förbättrar biomassans smältbarhet genom att
minska partikelstorleken genom att mala, krossa, beskära och värma. Kemisk
förbehandling använder sig olika kemikalier för att förstöra de kemiska banden i
biomassan. Fysikalisk-kemiska metoder innebär användning av ånga för att förändra
den kemiska sammansättningen av biomassa och göra den mera lämplig för
förädlingsprocessen.
Den förbehandlade biomassan kan konverteras till energi eller bränsle genom följande
konverteringsmetoder: termisk, termokemisk, biokemisk, anaerobisk och jäsning.
Termisk konversion av biomassa är förbränning av den och användningen av den
frigjorda värmen för att producera elektricitet genom Rankine-cykeln. Termokemisk
konversion innebär förgasning av biomassan i höga temperaturer med hjälp av ett
förgasningsämne, till exempel vattenånga eller koldioxid och slutprodukten är syngas.
Anaerobisk konversion (rötning) använder sig av mikroorganismer som inte behöver
syre för producera biogas. Jäsning kan delas in i två grupper: foto- och mörkjäsning.
Dessa metoder används mest för att producera vätgas från biomassa.

Biomassa kan användas som råmaterial för bland annat följande: syngas,
biogas, vätgas, bioetanol och biodiesel. Syngas produceras genom att förgasa biomassa
och kan brännas som sådan eller användas som råmaterial för att producera vätgas,
metanol och etanol. Detta görs ofta genom att utnyttja Fischer-Tropsch processen.
Biogas produceras genom under anaeroba förhållanden och är en blandning av metan
och koldioxid. Biogas kan förbränna för att producera elektricitet och värme eller
användas som bränsle för fordon. Vätgas kan produceras biologiskt eller termokemisk
från biomassa. Genom att använda ånga kan syngas eller bio olja omvandlas till vätgas.
Biokemiska sätt att producera vätgas är användning av foto- eller mörkjäsning eller
direkt- eller indirekt fotosyntes. Bioetanol kan tillverkas från många olika råmaterial
men lignocellulosisk biomassa är den mest lovande råvaran. Biodiesel kan tillverkas
från syngas via Fischer-Tropsch processen.
Genom att använda data från källorna i teoridelen framställdes ett Excel
kalkylblad so användes för att beräkna värden som användes för att jämföra mängden
energi som skulle kunna tas tillvara från förbränning av fast biomassa och från
förbränning av biogasen som bildats om biomassan hade förgasats. Värden som
användes i beräkningar är i många fall medeltal baserat på data från källor. För att få
någon uppfattning om förhållandet mellan energimängd och landareal valdes tio
procent av Österbottens odlade area att användas för odling av de olika energiväxterna
som presenterats.
Resultaten från beräkningarna visar att anaerob rötning och förbränning
av den producerade biogasen är ett bättre alternativ med tanke på energimängden.
För att göra resultaten mera jämförelsebara med varandra borde
växternas fukthalt vara samma för alla men detta skulle innebära att det behövs
torkningsutrustning som skulle medföra att vissa biomassor skulle vara mindre
energieffektiva bränslekällor än andra.
Baserat på dessa beräkningar kan en relativt liten landareal ge upphov
till stora mängder energi om växter som kan skördas årligen odlas. Något som inte
beaktats i detta arbete är hur förbehandling av biomassan påverkar på resultaten längre
ner i produktionskedjan.

REFERENCES
Alakangas, E., Hurskainen, M., Laatikainen-Luntama, J. & Korhonen, J., 2016.
Properties of indigenous fuels in Finland, VTT Technical Research Centre of
Finland Ltd.
Antonopoulou, G., Ntaikou, I., Stamatelatou, K. & Lyberatos, G., 2011. 13 Biological and fermentative production of hydrogen. in: Handbook of Biofuels
Production. pp. 305-346.
Belyakov, N., 2019. Chapter Nineteen - Bioenergy. in: Sustainable Power
Generation. pp. 461-474.
Bentsen, N. S., Nilsson, D. & Larsen, S., 2018. Agricultural residues for energy - A
case study on the influence of resource availability, economy and policy on the use
of straw for energy in Denmark and Sweden. Biomass and Bioenergy, Volume 108,
pp. 278-288.
Bezergianni, S. & Dimitriadis, A., 2013. Comparison between different types of
renewable diesel. Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, Volume 21, pp. 110116.
Boateng, A. A., Jung, H. G. & Adler, P. R., 2006. Pyrolysis of energy crops
including alfalfa stems, reed canarygrass, and eastern gamagrass. Fuel, 85(17-18),
pp. 2450-2457.
Borja, R. & Rincón, B., 2017. Biogas Production. in: Reference Module in Life
Sciences.
Capodaglio, A. G. & Bolognesi, S., 2019. 2 - Ecofuel feedstocks and their prospects.
in: Advances in Eco-Fuels for a Sustainable Environment. pp. 15-51.
Clifton‐Brown, J. C., Stampfl, P. F. & Jones, M. B., 2004. Miscanthus biomass
production for energy in Europe and its potential contribution to decreasing fossil
fuel carbon emissions. Global Change Biology, 10(4), pp. 509-518.
Dayton, D. C. & Foust, T. D., 2020. Chapter Three - Biomass Conversion. in:
Analytical Methods for Biomass Characterization and Conversion pp. 37-61.
dos Santos, P. F. & Pereira, C. G., 2021. Study of the gasification process of liquid
biomasses in supercritical water using a thermodynamic mathematical model. The
Journal of Supercritical Fluids, Volume 168.
Evans, G. & Smith, C., 2012. 5.11 - Biomass to Liquids Technology. in:
Comprehensive Renewable Energy. pp. 155-204.
Gopalakrishnan, B., Khanna, N. & Das, D., 2019. Chapter 4 - Dark-Fermentative
Biohydrogen Production. in: Biohydrogen pp. 79-122.

Grace, 2021. Crops | Grace. [Online]
Available at: https://www.grace-bbi.eu/crops/
[Accessed 11 3 2021].
Gustafsson, J., Larsson, S. & Nordh, N.-E., 2007. Manual för Salixodlare.
Lantmännen Agroenergi.
Hallenbeck, P. C., Lazaro, C. Z. & Sagır, E., 2019. 3.10 - Biohydrogen. in:
Comprehensive Biotechnology. pp. 128-139.
Heidenreich, S., Müller, M. & Foscolo, P. U., 2016. Chapter 6 - New and Improved
Gasification Concepts. in: Advanced Biomass Gasification, pp. 98-114.
Jensen, E. F.; Casler, M. D.; Farrar, K; Finnan, J. M.; Lord, R.; Palmborg, C.;
Valentine, J.; Donnison, I. S., 2018. Reed Canary Grass: From Production to End
Use. in: Perennial Grasses for Bioenergy and Bioproducts pp. 153-173.
Johansson, T. & Karačić, A., 2011. Increment and biomass in hybrid poplar and
some practical implications. Biomass and Bioenergy, 35(5), pp. 1925-1934.
Karimi, K. & Chisti, Y., 2017. Bioethanol Production and Technologies. in:
Encyclopedia of Sustainable Technologies pp. 273-284.
Kirk, D. M. & Gould, M. C., 2020. Chapter 17 - Bioenergy and anaerobic digestion.
in: Bioenergy pp. 335-360.
Koponen, K.; Sokka, L.; Salminen, O.; Sievänen, R.; Pingoud, K.; Ilvesniemi, H.;
Routa, J.; Ikonen, T.; Koljonen, T.; Alakangas, E.; Asikainen, A.; Sipilä, K., 2015.
Sustainability of forest energy in Northern Europe, VTT Technical Research Centre
of Finland Ltd.
Kulichkova G. I.; Ivanova, T. S.; Köttner, M.; Volodko, O. I.; Spivak S. I.;
Tsygankov, S. P.; Blume, Y. B.,, 2020. Plant feedstocks and their biogas production
potentials. The Open Agriculture Journal, 14(1).
Kumar, A. & Sarkar, S., 2011. Chapter 21 - Biohydrogen Production from Bio-oil.
in: Biofuels, pp. 481-497.
Lappas, A. & Heracleous, E., 2016. 18 - Production of biofuels via Fischer–Tropsch
synthesis: Biomass-to-liquids. in: Handbook of Biofuels Production (Second
Edition), pp. 549-593.
Lehtomäki, A., Viinikainen, T. A. & Rintala, J. A., 2008. Screening boreal energy
crops and crop residues for methane biofuel production. Biomass and Bioenergy,
32(6), pp. 541-550.
Lewandowski, I.; Clifton-Brown, J.; Kiesel, A.; Hastings, A.; Iqbal, Y., 2018.
Miscanthus. in: Grasses for Bioenergy and Bioproducts, pp. 35-59.

Lewandowski, I. & Schmidt, U., 2006. Nitrogen, energy and land use efficiencies of
miscanthus, reed canary grass and triticale as determined by the boundary line
approach. Agriculture, Ecosystems & Environment, 112(4), pp. 335-346.
Lindh, T.; Paappanen, T.; Rinne, S.; Sivonena, K.; Wihersaari, M., 2009. Reed
canary grass transportation costs – Reducing costs and increasing feasible
transportation distances. Biomass and Bioenergy, Volume 33, pp. 209-212.
Malvisalo, T. & Luotola, E., 2020. Hampun tuotannon ja käyttömahdollisuuksien
esiselvitys
Mandø, M., 2013. 4 - Direct combustion of biomass. in: Biomass Combustion
Science, Technology and Engineering, pp. 61-83.
McKendry, P., 2002. Energy production from biomass (part 1): overview of biomass.
Bioresource Technology, 83(1), pp. 37-46.
Ministry of Economic Affairs and Employment, Ministry of the Environment,
Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry, Ministry of Transport and Communications,
Ministry of Finance, 2019. Finland’s Integrated Energy and Climate Plan, Ministry
of Economic Affairs and Employment.
Mussatto, S. I. & Dragone, G. M., 2016. Chapter 1 - Biomass Pretreatment,
Biorefineries, and Potential Products for a Bioeconomy Development. in: Biomass
Fractionation Technologies for a Lignocellulosic Feedstock Based Biorefinery, pp.
1-22.
Natural Resources Insitute Finland, 2021. Utilized agricultural area by ELY Centre.
[Online]
Available at:
https://statdb.luke.fi/PXWeb/pxweb/en/LUKE/LUKE__02%20Maatalous__04%20T
uotanto__22%20Kaytossa%20oleva%20maatalousmaa/01_Kaytossa_oleva_maatalo
usmaa_ELY.px/?rxid=dc711a9e-de6d-454b-82c2-74ff79a3a5e0
[Accessed 20 5 2021].
Natural Resources Institute Finland - Statistics service, 2021. Utilized agricultural
area by ELY Centre. [Online]
Available at:
https://statdb.luke.fi/PXWeb/pxweb/en/LUKE/LUKE__02%20Maatalous__04%20T
uotanto__22%20Kaytossa%20oleva%20maatalousmaa/01_Kaytossa_oleva_maatalo
usmaa_ELY.px/table/tableViewLayout1/?rxid=dc711a9e-de6d-454b-82c274ff79a3a5e0
[Accessed 1 6 2021].
Nordborg, M.; Berndes, G.; Dimitriou, I.; Henriksson, A.; Mola-Yudego, B.;
Rosenqvist, H., 2018. Energy analysis of willow production for bioenergy in
Sweden. Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, pp. 473-482.

Nuamah, A., Malmgren, A., Riley, G. & Lester, E., 2012. 5.05 - Biomass Co-Firing.
in: A. Sayigh, red. Comprehensive Renewable Energy, pp. 55-73.
Parvez, A. M., Lewis, J. D. & Afzal, M. T., 2021. Potential of industrial hemp
(Cannabis sativa L.) for bioenergy production in Canada: Status, challenges and
outlook. Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, Volume 141.
Peral, C., 2016. Chapter 5 - Biomass Pretreatment Strategies (Technologies,
Environmental Performance, Economic Considerations, Industrial Implementation).
in: Biotransformation of Agricultural Waste and By-Products, pp. 125-160.
Pereira, E. G. & Martins, M. A., 2017. Gasification Technologies. in: Encyclopedia
of Sustainable Technologies, pp. 315-325.
Prade, T., Svensson, S.-E., Andersson, A. & Mattsson, J. E., 2011. Biomass and
energy yield of industrial hemp grown for biogas and solid fuel. Biomass and
Bioenergy, Volume 35, pp. 3040-3049.
Raposo, F., De la Rubia, M. A., Fernández-Cegrí, V. & Borja, R., 2012. Anaerobic
digestion of solid organic substrates in batch mode: An overview relating to methane
yields and experimental procedures. Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews,
16(1), pp. 861-877.
Richardson, Y.; Drobek, M.; Julbe, A.; Blin, J.; Pinta, F., 2015. Chapter 8 - Biomass
Gasification to Produce Syngas. in: Recent Advances in Thermo-Chemical
Conversion of Biomass, pp. 213-250.
Roddy, D. J. & Manson-Whitton, C., 2012. 5.10 - Biomass Gasification and
Pyrolysis. in: Comprehensive Renewable Energy, pp. 133-153.
Seppälä, M.; Paavola, T.; Lehtomäki, A.; Pakarinen, O.; Rintala, J., 2008. Biogas
from energy crops—optimal pre-treatments and storage, co-digestion and energy
balance in boreal conditions. Water Science & Technology, 58(9), pp. 1857–1863..
Skøtt, T., 2011. Straw to energy – status, technologies and innovation in Denmark
2011, Agro Business Park A/S.
Stamatelatou, K., Antonopoulou, G. & lyberatos, G., 2011. 12 - Production of biogas
via anaerobic digestion. in: Handbook of Biofuels Production, pp. 266-304.
Stamatelatou, K., Antonopoulou, G. & Michailides, P., 2014. 15 - Biomethane and
biohydrogen production via anaerobic digestion/fermentation. in: Advances in
Biorefineries, pp. 476-524.
Stolarski, M. J. & Krzyżaniak, M., 2017. Short-Rotation Woody Crops for Energy.
in: Encyclopedia of Sustainable Technologies, pp. 141-152.
Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, 2020. Microbial conversion of Salixbiomass to biofuels and high value chemicals. [Online]

Available at: https://www.slu.se/en/Collaborative-Centres-andProjects/optus/projects1/2--microbial-conversion-of-salix-biomass-to-biofuels-andhigh-value-chemicals/
[Accessed 11 3 2021].
Szyszlak-Barglowicz, J., Zaj¹c, G. & Piekarski, W., 2012. Energy biomass
characteristics of chosen plants. International Agrophysics, Volume 26, pp. 175-179.
Tahvanainen, L. & Rytkönen, V.-M., 1999. Biomass production of Salix viminalis in
southern Finland and the effect of soil properties and climate conditions on its
production and survival. Biomass and Bioenergy, 16(2), pp. 103-117.
Telmo, C. & Lousada, J., 2011. The explained variation by lignin and extractive
contents on higher heating value of wood. Biomass and Bioenergy, 35(5), pp. 16631667.
Tursi, A. & Olivito, F., 2021. 1 - Biomass conversion: general information,
chemistry, and processes. in: Advances in Bioenergy and Microfluidic Applications,
pp. 3-39.
Vaskiloudon Voima, 2021. Vaasan voimalaitos – biomassan hyödyntämisen
edelläkävijä. [Online]
Available at: https://www.vv.fi/voimalaitokset/
[Accessed 17 5 2021].
Verardi, A.; Lopresto, C. G.; Blasi, A.; Chakraborty, S.; Calabrò, V., 2020. Chapter 3
- Bioconversion of lignocellulosic biomass to bioethanol and biobutanol. in:
Lignocellulosic Biomass to Liquid Biofuels, pp. 67-125.
Westenergy, 2021. Westenergyn laitos. [Online]
Available at: https://2020.westenergy.fi/westenergyn-laitos/
[Accessed 18 5 2021].
Vohra, M.; Manwar, J.; Manmode, R.; Padgilwar, S.; Patil, S., 2014. Bioethanol
production: Feedstock and current technologies. Journal of Environmental Chemical
Engineering, 2(1), pp. 573-584.
Wukovits, W. & Schnitzhofer, W., 2009. FUELS – HYDROGEN PRODUCTION |
Biomass: Fermentation. in: Encyclopedia of Electrochemical Power Sources, pp.
268-275.

APPENDICES
COMBUSTION

BIOMASS
Theoretical yield (TS)
t/ha/a
Harvested*
%
Moisture content when used %
Yield at operational moisture t/ha/a
HHV in DM
MJ/kg
LHV when used
MJ/kg
Energy content in the fuel
MWh/t
Cultivated area****
ha
Fuel yield
MWh/ha/a
Fuel yield, Ostrobothnia
GWh/a
Biomass Combustion
Efficiency (CHP)
%
Heat and power to the end user MWh/ha/a
Heat and power to the end user GWh/a

Straw, 15% Straw, 60%
left in the left in the
Hemp
RCG
Miscanthus Willow** Poplar*** field
field
9.90
9.50
11.20
4.22
9.53
1.70
0.80
90
90
90
90
90
90
90
30
15
16
52
52,5
21
21
12.73
10.06
12.00
7,91
18.06
1.94
0.91
19.10
17.64
17.84
18.92
18.79
18.50
18.50
12.64
14.63
14.6
7.82
7.65
14.10
14.10
3.51
4.06
4.05
2.17
2.12
3.92
3.92
19571.25 19571.25
19571.25 19571.25 19571.25 19571.25 19571.25
44.69
40.88
48.65
17.18
38.37
7.59
3.57
874.67
799.98
952.23
336.23
751.02
148.5
69.88
85
37.99
743.47

85
34.74
679.98

85
41.36
809.39

85
14.60
285.80

85
32.62
638.37

85
6.45
126.22

85
3.04
59.40

*Assumption: 10% of harvest lost due to various reasons during the harvesting procedure
**Harvested once every three years
***Harvested once every 10-15 years, assumption: 15 years
****This is 10% of the cultivated land in Ostrobothnia
ANAEROBIC DIGESTION

BIOMASS
Theoretical yield
Harvested*
Moisture content when used
Volatile solids
Biogas Yield
Biogas Yield
Energy content, CH4, LHV
Energy content, CH4
Cultivated area
Biogas yield
Biogas yield, Ostrobothnia
Biogas Combustion
Efficiency (CHP)
Heat and power to the end user
Heat and power to the end user

t/ha/a
%
%
t VS/ha/a
m³/1000 kg VS
m³/ha/a
MJ/m3
kWh/m3
ha
MWh/ha/a
GWh/a
%
MWh/ha/a
GWh/a

Straw 15% Straw 60%
left in the left in the
Hemp
RCG
Miscanthus Willow** Poplar*** field
field
14,4
9,50
11,20
4,22
9,53
1,7
0,8
90
90
90
90
90
90
90
69
15
16
52
52,5
21
21
13,68
8,95
10,70
4,17
9,29
1,56
0,74
382,00
385,00
198,50
0,25
0,325
283,00
283,00
5225,76
3657,50
2223,20
0,35
0,21
481,10
226,40
35,07
35,07
35,07
35,07
35,07
35,07
35,07
9,74
9,74
9,74
9,74
9,74
9,74
9,74
19571,25
19571,25
19571,25
19571,25
19571,25
19571,25 19571,25
50,91
35,63
21,66
3,43E-03
2,01E-03
4,69
2,21
996,33
697,33
423,87
0,07
0,04
91,72
43,16
85
43,27
846,88

85
30,29
592,73

85
18,41
360,29

85
2,91E-03
0,06

85
1,71E-03
0,03

85
3,98
77,97

85
1,87
36,69

