Xenophobia as a Challenge to Positive Peace in Russia:
Inter-group Relations Within The Academia

Master’s Thesis in

Peace, Mediation and Conflict Research
Developmental Psychology

Nikita Kordashenko, 1902049
Supervisor: Karin Österman

Faculty of Education and Welfare Studies
Åbo Akademi University, Finland
Spring 2021

Nikita Kordashenko

Abstract
Aim: The aim of the study was to investigate positive attitudes towards integrating
immigrant minorities, intense group identification, and psychological concomitants
among Russian university students.

Method: A questionnaire was completed by 129 females, 48 males, and three
respondents who reported “other” as sex. The mean age was 19.8 (SD 2.6) for females
and 21.8 (SD 2.9) for males. The age difference was significant.

Results: Of females, 55.8 % and of males 66.7% reported that they knew some foreign
student in person. Female students had a significantly more positive attitude towards

integration immigrant minorities compared to male students. Male students scored

slightly higher than female students on intense group identification. Respondents with
low scores on positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants scored significantly

higher on intense group identification. No significant differences were found for level
of positive attitudes and anxiety and depression.

Conclusions: More than half of the students knew some foreign student in person.

Positive attitudes towards integrating immigrant minorities were overall high. There
was a negative association between positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants
and high intense group identification

Key Words: Positive attitudes towards integrating immigrant minorities, intense group
identification, psychological concomitants, Russia

2

Nikita Kordashenko

Table of Contents
1. Introduction

4

1.1 Aim of the Study

4

1.2 Ethnic Intolerance in Russia

4

1.3 Relation to Positive Peace

1.4 Cross-cultural Interaction, Acculturation and Adaptation
1.5 Proactive Attitudes Towards Immigrant Minorities

5
7
9

1.6 Intense Group Identification

10

1.8 Gender and Attitudes Towards Immigrants

12

1.7 Scapegoating Hypothesis and Mental Health Assumptions
1.9 Research Questions

2. Method

11
13
13

2.1 Sample

13

2.2 Instrument

14

2.3 Procedure

15

2.4 Ethical Considerations

15

3. Results

3.1 Correlations between the Scales in the Study
3.2 Sex Differences

3.3 Respondents Who Knew a Foreign Student in Person

3.4 Differences between Students Scoring High or Low on Positive
Attitudes towards Integrating Immigrant Minorities

4. Discussion

4.1 Summary of Findings

15
15
16
16
16
18
18

4.2 Limitations of the Study

20

4.3 Implications of the Study

21

References

22

3

Nikita Kordashenko

1. Introduction
1.1 Aim of the Study

This study investigates the phenomenon of ethnic intolerance and xenophobia at Russian
universities. This quest for knowledge is driven by the motivation to strengthen positive peace

in the country, and thus maintain the conditions required for human flourishing and sustainable
development of a peaceful society.

1.2 Ethnic Intolerance in Russia

The murder of George Floyd ignited thousands of protests around the globe under the umbrella

of the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement. The sentiment of solidarity with the movements
against racism and police violence expanded the movement’s geography enormously. People
toppled statues of former slave owners in England, which was accompanied by Aboriginal

rights demonstrations in Australia (Rutland & Kazantsev, 2020). Similar public reactions were
evident in Finland, Kazakhstan and Lithuania (Julian-Varnon, 2020). In Russia, however, the
issue of fighting racism invoked little to no public sympathy. Instead, the country’s liberal

opposition has developed its own “Russian Lives Matter” social media campaign, criticising
police violence, but ultimately failing to address the issue of racism and ethnic intolerance

(Julian-Varnon, 2020). As indicated by Rutland and Kazantsev, the phenomenon of the BLM
movement’s spreading has revealed a “surprisingly troubling attitude towards the politics of
race” in Russian society (2020).

As of 2019, more than 11 million foreigners live in Russia as immigrants (Foltynova,

2020) making it the second largest migrant-receiving country after the United States. The major
sources of migration to Russia are Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Tajikistan, Moldova, Kyrgyzstan,
Kazakhstan, Belarus, Armenia and Azerbaijan (Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russian

Federation, 2020). Considering the overall scale of the phenomenon, Russia experiences one of
the most intensive interaction between different ethnicities and races in the world. Therefore,

the lack of vivid problematisation of ethnic intolerance in Russian society is a particularly
curious matter.

Despite the absence of a strong public narrative exposing racial inequality, a brief

review of media reports immediately reveals personal experiences of individuals representing

ethnic minorities in Russia. Thus, a 21-year-old Congolese man, Roy Ibonga, studying in
Bryansk published a video of his encounter with a taxi driver (Zatari, 2020). The latter refused
1

Nikita Kordashenko

the young man a ride, for not liking Ibonga’s skin colour. When the student asked the driver

directly if he was a racist, the man replied “Yes, of course”. According to Ibonga, this was not
a unique case; other African students face similar racist treatment in Russia. Apparently, the

problem is evident in many regions of the country. Then, Isabel Kastilio, a half-Dominican
young woman who grew up in the Russian Far East and has moved to St. Petersburg,
encountered racism every day at school, at university, and on the streets (Zatari, 2020). Kastilio

drew the BBC’s attention to the evidence of racism being deeply integrated into the institution

of real estate. According to her, in Moscow, it is almost impossible to rent an apartment, because
all advertisements state “Slavs only”. The landlords would not believe that she would be able
to pay the rent after they heard Kastilio’s foreign name (Zatari, 2020).

The circumstances of the above create a twofold situation. While the existing public

discourse ignores the signs of systemic xenophobia and ethnic discrimination, the multiple

stories of those who belong to minorities appear silenced. The story of Roy Ibonga stands out,
for the young man managed to capture his encounter with racism on footage and published it

on social media. The company, which the taxi driver in question worked for, acknowledged

that his behaviour was inappropriate, fired the man and apologised to the student (Zatari, 2020).
Worth noting is that public support for the driver on social media appeared so intense, that

Ibonga had to close his social media account (Zatari, 2020). The public apology and subsequent
action by the organisation which employed the driver seems a success. However, this success

is rather exceptional. Aitkhozhina indicates that the existing practice of “going after the critics
of the problem [of racism and xenophobia in Russia’s society]” (2020). For instance, a biracial
blogger from St. Petersburg, Mariya Tunkara, was accused of spreading extremist materials by

the local prosecutor’s office after she raised on social media the issue of racism in the country.

Human Rights Watch investigated her case and found no signs of hate speech or anything
inflammatory (Aitkhozhina, 2020).

1.3 Relation to Positive Peace

At this point, before proceeding further to the substance of this study, this paper should establish
the link between its topic and the overall peace cause. The analysis conducted by this study is

to be understood as a constitutive part of peace research. That being said, the need for bridging
the gap between the issue of ethnic intolerance and peace appears evident.

The notion of peace lies at the core of this exploratory effort. In his essay, Galtung

focuses on the ambiguity behind the term (1969). Therefore, a comprehensive conceptual
2

Nikita Kordashenko

framework is required to define the paper’s scope. In this regard, Galtung suggests

distinguishing between two concepts (1969), negative and positive peace. Negative peace,
according to him, comprises the absence of direct violence, whereas positive peace refers to the
absence of structural violence (Galtung, 1969).

According to the Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP), the concept of positive peace

encompasses factors that contribute to the emergence of peaceful and sustainable societies
(2017). Together they create the environment required for human potential to flourish. Positive

peace in a country can be assessed by eight proxies that include indicators empirically proven

to be relevant to the concept. These proxies are the following: 1) well-functioning government;
2) equitable distribution of resources; 3) free flow of information; 4) good relations with
neighbours; 5) high levels of human capital; 6) acceptance of the rights of others; 7) low levels
of corruption; 8) sounds business environment (Institute for Economics & Peace, 2017).

In this regard, this paper assumes that systematic racial and ethnic discrimination would

relate to some of the domains above, either directly or indirectly. The relationship that seems

most obvious is the one with acceptance of the rights of others. With respect to it the IEP

highlights the importance of informal social and cultural norms that relate to citizens’ behaviour
(2017). These norms, in turn, are indicative of the level of tolerance between different ethnic,
linguistic, and religious groups that constitute a country’s society.

In turn, xenophobia and discrimination can potentially undermine the equitable distribution

of resources too. The above-mentioned story of Isabel Kastilio illustrates this problem. The

“Slavs only” informal policy evidently deprives members of non-dominant groups from access
to housing and accommodation. Similarly, it can affect the distribution of vacancies on the
labour market. Respectively, the market would consequentially shape income distribution,
largely to the advantage of the dominant ethnic group.

Lastly, structural discrimination against minorities could indirectly affect high levels of

human capital. The IEP argues that citizens’ education and encouragement to develop
knowledge improves economic productivity, political participation, and social capital (2017).

The above-described personal experiences of discrimination indicate that some encounter the
issue at educational institutions, such as universities and schools. As it will be explained in later

sections of this paper, tensions that arise from unequal inter-group interaction can easily cause
stress, anxiety and psychological trauma. Therefore, this paper would assume that racism at
educational facilities can undermine education, and thus prevent the improvement of human
capital.

3

Nikita Kordashenko

1.4

Cross-cultural Interaction, Acculturation and Adaptation

Worldwide migration has led to the cultural pluralisation of many societies (Berry, 1997).
Individuals coming from distinct cultural backgrounds usually form subgroups. They are not

equal in power in political and economic senses. This paper will refer to these subgroups as
cultural groups and, consequentially, it will distinguish between dominant and non-dominant
ones on the basis of their relative power.

The relationships that occur between dominant and non-dominant cultural groups when they

encounter each other are complex. Thus, the first question to be dealt with is what are the key
mechanisms that drive cross-cultural interaction. In his study on this matter, Berry identifies

three major theoretical concepts as helpful to understanding the phenomenon (1997). These
concepts are: acculturation, psychological acculturation, adaptation.

Acculturation refers to the cultural changes that occur when both the majority and

minority groups encounter each other (Berry, 1997). Berry argues that the classical definition
of the term implies that it “comprehends those phenomena which result when the groups of

individuals having different cultures come intro continuous first-hand contact with subsequent

changes in the original culture pattern of either or both groups” (1997). The author notes that
despite the concept being, in theory, neutral, in practice it often turns out that one of the groups
is subjected to a greater change than the other. Worth noting that acculturation is a group-level
phenomenon for it affects the culture of the entire group.

In turn, the individual impact of cultural changes is referred to by Berry as psychological

acculturation (1997). It comprises the psychological changes of individuals being exposed to
the phenomenon of acculturation. The distinction is important, since the groups in question are

not homogenous in their response to cross-cultural interaction. In addition, the two-level
analysis makes it possible to examine the systemic relationships between individual and group
sets of variables.

Contrary to the previously believed to exist association between acculturation and social

or psychological problems, Berry argues that the outcomes are highly variable (1997). He

identifies three levels of difficulty for an individual to go through the process of acculturation.
For instance, this is accomplished with the most ease when psychological adaptations are

perceived as mere learning of new behavioural customs. Such cultural learning demands the

individual to abandon aspects of his or her former cultural habits which do not fit to the new
environment (Berry, 1992). Some of the behaviours might be incompatible with each other,
creating certain difficulties for the individual undergoing acculturation.
4

Nikita Kordashenko

If there is a serious conflict between different culture groups’ codes of behaviour and

the individual struggles to change his or her habits, then acculturation is experienced as culture

shock (Berry, 1997). Alternatively, Berry suggests describing such an experience as
acculturative stress (1997). He suggests several reasons for this conceptual definition. First, it
links the phenomenon to psychological models explaining the stressful experience of an
individual as a response to external stressors (i.e. acculturation) (Folkman & Lazarus, 1984).

Therefore, this approach has a more relevant theoretical foundation (Berry, 1997). A second
reason why the “culture shock” framework seems inadequate is that the very term “shock”

implies the presence of only negative experiences caused by cross-cultural interaction. In this
regard, Berry indicates that difficulties experienced by an individual as a result of such exposure

are usually moderate (1997). This is due to other psychological mechanisms available to soften
individual acculturation, e.g. problem appraisal and various coping strategies.

When major difficulties occur during acculturation, it should be examined from the

perspective of mental diseases and psychopathology (Berry, 1997). In such cases, Berry argues
that the individual’s capacity to cope cannot deal with cultural changes. For instance, the
magnitude of these changes, their speed or other attributes lead to significant psychological
disturbances. They can take the form of clinical depression or incapacitating anxiety (Berry &
Kim, 1988).

Changes that occur in individuals or cultural groups in response to environmental

demands constitute the concept of adaptation (Berry, 1997). According to Berry, those adaptive

responses that occur almost immediately are often negative and disruptive (1997). Continuous
exposure to acculturation, on the contrary, usually brings long-term positive adaptations. When
adaptation is “successful” or positive, it strengthens the match between the acculturating person

and the dominant cultural context. In other cases, however, adaptations result in separation and
marginalisation of the non-dominant entity. Consequentially, as Berry argues, it settles the
groups into a conflict, cultivating acculturative stress and psychopathology (1997).

Two types of adaptation can be identified in academic literature, psychological and

sociocultural (Searle & Wards, 1990). Psychological adaptation describes internal

psychological results of acculturation and can manifest itself in the form of stronger personal

or cultural identity, good mental health, and sense of personal satisfaction in the new cultural
environment (Berry, 1997). Sociocultural adaptation, in turn, refers to external psychological

outcomes that link individuals to the new environment. For instance, it can relate to indivi duals’
ability to deal with everyday issues at home, work or at school (Berry, 1997).

5

Nikita Kordashenko

1.5 Proactive Attitudes towards Immigrant Minorities

It follows from the discussion above that the process of adaptation affects significantly both the
groups and individuals subjected to acculturation. In addition to that, as pointed out by Phelps

and others, integration to a new cultural environment takes mutual adaptation efforts from both

the dominant and non-dominant groups (2011). Thus, in the first part of this research, this paper
seeks to explore adaptation from the perspective of the cultural majority.

According to Phelps et. al. (2011), socio-psychological studies of intergroup relations often

depart from the majority perspective and tend to analyse those factors that relate to the

dominant-group’s negative attitudes towards the non-dominant ones. The assumption is that
better understanding of the factors driving these negative attitudes contributes to reduction of

xenophobia and discrimination (Paluck & Green, 2009). However, an approach such as this
appears too passive and insufficient for effective promotion of integration of minorities in
question (Phelps et al., 2011).

Instead, Phelps et. al. suggest that the research’s scope should encompass positive attitudes

such as willingness to proactive include immigrant outgroups in the new commonly shared

cultural environment (2011). In fact, proactive stance towards integration is indicative of
individual’s responsibility in this process (Grigaityte et al., 2019).

In order to investigate empirical evidence attitudes among Russian university students

towards proactive integration, this paper employs the findings of Phelps et. al. (2011) and
implements the Majority Integration Effort (MIE) scale in accordance with the latter. The scale

was designed deliberately to measure the dominant-group members’ attitudes towards proactive

integration efforts. This, according to Phelps et. al. (2011), reflects their potential responsibility
in the integration process.

Three categories of attitudes constitute the MIE scale. They are cultural efforts,

structural efforts and openness to diversity (Phelps et al., 2011). The first group refers to

attitudes that the dominant cultural group should change. For instance, it involves adjusting a
majority’s existing cultural practices in order to make more of an effort to learn the nondominant group better. Similarly, it includes attitudes that the dominant group members should
accept and promote minority cultural values, norms and traditional practices (Phelps et al.,

2011). The category of structural efforts encompasses willingness to accommodate members of
the non-dominant groups by adjusting social structure in such a way that it facilitates inclusion.
It can mean support for corresponding welfare distribution, development of relevant legal

initiatives and adapting public services (Phelps et al., 2011). The last group of items focuses on
6

Nikita Kordashenko

openness to diversity. They reflect the respondents’ evaluation of cultural diversity and

representatives of the non-dominant cultural group. Although these items do not require any
specific action, they imply certain orientation towards minorities (Phelps et al., 2011).

The analysis has revealed, that the new measuring tool based on the MIE scale displays

significant relationship to psychological dispositions such as right-wing authoritarianism, social
dominance orientation and global identity (Phelps et al., 2011). In addition, the scale has been
proven relevant to the concepts of prejudice and intergroup relations.

1.6 Intense Group Identification

Group identification refers to an individual’s identification with an interacting group
(Gryigaityte, 2019). Scholars identify three major sources of it. They are social categorization,

interpersonal attraction and interdependence (Hinkle et al., 1989; Tajfel, 1978). This basic

principle of such identification can be associated with the social identity theory, formulated by
Brown (2000). According to it, it is in humans’ nature to employ patterns to distinguish between
different entities. With regard to social interaction, this tendency to look for patterns has

resulted in categorisation of people in two groups: those, who are “like us” and those, who are
“unlike us” (Cuhadar & Dayton, 2011). Consequentially, this groups are not perceived equal.
In an ethnically diverse society, social distance facilitates formation of hierarchies of ethnic

groups in individuals’ perception (Grygaityte, 2019). The omnipresence of such hierarchies and

inequalities associated with them, according to Grygaityte et. al., is to be explained by the social
dominance theory (2019).

The theory focuses on individual and structural factors that lead to group-based

oppression (Sidanius et al., 2004, p. 846). Manifestations of the latter are seen as specific cases

of an overarching human tendency to create and maintain group-based hierarchies. They exist
due to combination of various factors, such as propensities for group prejudice, social roles,

cultural ideologies, and discriminatory behaviours (Pratto et al., 2000). Individual

predisposition to form and support group hierarchy is referred to as social dominance
orientation (SDO). Consequentially, people with high SDO are considered to be more prone to
believe that distinct social groups differ in value, whereas people with low SDO would support

group equality and fight group differentiation (Pratto et al., 2000). Therefore, it indicates what

sort of relations one prefers, hierarchical or equal. Following from this, SDO is thought to

predict individual tendencies for racism or xenophobic behaviour (Grygaityte, 2019; Pratto et
al., 2000).

7

Nikita Kordashenko

As noted by Pratto et al (2000), individuals who display strong support for social

dominance of one group over the other seek to obtain positions in the society that enable them

to maintain the mentioned above social hierarchy. This, in turn, leads to the occurrence of
systematic institutionalised discrimination. The latter grants advantage to the dominant social

group over its inferior counterparts. This discrimination can take the form of systematic
violence and abuse perpetrated by the members of the majority against the minorities through

legal means and those beyond the law (Pratto et al., 2000). Another way to secure social groups

hierarchy relates to ideology. In this regard, the scholars (Pratto et al., 2000) highlight the role
of social-psychological processes, such as false consensus biases, empowered by ideology
evidently serve as driving forces of social dominance. Respectively, individuals with high SDO
are more eager to support ideologies that legitimise group inequality.

1.7. Scapegoating Hypothesis and Mental Health

Excessive evidence on the relationship between xenophobia and dominant group members’

anxiety and frustration exists. For instance, in South Africa the high levels of poverty, insecurity
and unemployment have led to the phenomenon of scapegoating of the minorities (Alarape,

2008; Coetzee, 2012). The poor socio-economic conditions create anxiety among the
population serving as stressors. Consequentially, the majority experiencing the difficulties start

attributing the blame to the immigrants and members of other non-dominant groups. The

unequal distribution of goods and services creates competition between the groups, thus
strengthening individuals group identification.

This paper assumes that similar mechanisms hypothetically apply to the educational

sector as well. The influx of foreign students hypothetically inhibits competition for places at
universities, and for scholarships and grants. Moreover, foreign specialists might increase
competitiveness on the labour market, challenging the soon to be graduates. All these factors
have the potential to increase students’ stress or anxiety. Following the premises of the
scapegoating hypothesis, these psychological conditions can be associated with blame

attribution and subsequent hostility towards immigrants and members of the non-dominant
ethnic or cultural groups.

1.8 Gender and Attitudes towards Immigrants

The existing academic research fails to come to an agreement with respect to the role of gender
in shaping the attitudes towards immigrants. In fact, the explanation of gender patterns in public
8

Nikita Kordashenko

attitudes varies greatly over time. For instance, some literature argues that men are supposed to
demonstrate more negative attitudes than women due to males’ more, allegedly, authoritarian
personalities (Adorno et al., 2019). Ceobanu and Escandell have observed some positive male

effect on the negative attitudes, although in such a case gender could hardly be isolated from
other independent variables (2008, p. 1159). The findings observed by Gorodzeisky and

Semyonov indicate that likelihood of becoming a racial exclusionist is 1.15 time s higher for
men than for women (2009, p. 411). Later, a study conducted by Paas and Halapuu (2012)

found no statistically significant relation between gender and the respondents’ attitudes towards
immigration. A meta-analysis of prejudice against Muslim minorities in 30 countries (Strabac

& Listhaug, 2008, pp. 279-280) identified overall a smaller female effect on the phenomenon,
which is consistent with some of the observations of the above.

Despite the empirical evidence of the gender effect on the attitudes towards immigrants

being either inconclusive, or indicating that males are more prone to prejudice and xenophobia,
some literature hypothesises a change in this trend (Farris, 2017; Ponce, 2017). Farris (2017)

argues that right-wing nationalism addresses the Muslim culture through the lenses of the
gender equality narrative. Muslim men are portrayed as perpetrators of female rights. According

to Farris, the Western women’s organisations and top-ranking female politicians and
bureaucrats denounce the Muslim minority as ‘exceptionally sexist’ and contrast them to the
‘superior’ Western countries which promote gender egalitarianism (2017, p. 2). In this regard,
it can be assumed that over time the female effect on the attitudes in question can become
greater, reshaping the previously existing, although barely evident, gender pattern.

With regard to the possible shift in the role of gender in the perception of immigrants,

Ponce assumes that the rise of the gender-egalitarian has led to backlash against this minority

among women (2017, p. 3). The perceived incompatibility of the value systems theoretically
can create tensions between the dominant and the dominated cultural groups. As an indicator
of a group membership the salient gender egalitarianism facilitates what Ponce refers to as

symbolic boundary, which draws the line between the groups (2017, p. 3). The non-egalitarian
treatment of women in the Muslim community can strengthen the symbolic boundary and thus
inhibit prejudice and negative attitudes among native Western women.

Respectively, the findings of Ponce’s study of the attitudes towards Muslim immigrants

in Europe indicate that females are consistently more likely to exhibit prejudice against this

particular minority than male respondents (2017, p. 8). The author highlights that the results of
his research reflect a significant reversal of the previously observed gender pattern. This shift

derives from the juxtaposition of European gender politics and traditional immigrant cultures,
9

Nikita Kordashenko

which are perceived as illiberal. The difference in gender-ideologies essentially crystallises the
symbolic boundary between the dominant European cultural group and the “other”. In relation
to this, Ponce argues that native women begin to view Muslim immigrants as a threat to gender
equality and, therefore, to themselves (2017, p. 9).

1.9 Research Questions

The following research questions were investigated.
(a) How many percent of the participants in the study did know any foreign student in
person.

(b) Sex differences regarding positive attitude towards integration immigrant
minorities

(c) Sex differences regarding intense group identification.
(d) The relationship between positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants and
intense group identification.

(e) The relationship between positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants and
intense group identification and anxiety and depression

10

Nikita Kordashenko

2. Method
2.1 Sample

A questionnaire was completed by 129 females, 48 males, and three respondents who reported

“other” as sex. The mean age was 19.8 (SD 2.6) for females and 21.8 (SD 2.9) for males. The
age difference was significant [t(175) = 4.34, p < .001]. The respondents were originally from the

following countries: Azerbaijan (1), Belarus (1), Georgia (1), Kazakhstan (1), Lithuania (1),
Moldova (6), Russia (162), Ukraine (5), and Uzbekistan (2). The nationalities of the

respondents were: Georgia (1), Israel (1), Kazakhstan (1), Moldova (5), Russia (167), UK (1),

Ukraine (3), and Uzbekistan (1). The levels of their current studies were: Bachelor (121),
Doctoral (2), Master (28), and other (29). All respondents were studying at universities in
Russia.

2.2 Instrument

A questionnaire was constructed for measuring positive attitudes towards integrating immigrant
minorities, intense group identification, anxiety, and depression.

Positive attitudes towards integrating immigrant minorities was measured with seven

items: (a) If we are going to take integration seriously, we should accept that the Russian culture
changes, (b) Ethnic Russians should demand that their own traditions and practices are

dominant in comparison with immigrant culture *), (c) Russians should not let their own culture
be influenced by immigrants in Russia *), (d) Russians should go out of their way to accept
immigrant traditions, (e) As a nation, we should be more open and welcoming toward the

customs of minorities with another cultural background, (f) Russians should do more to get to
know immigrants, and (g) Russians should accept that immigrants use their culturally typical

clothes when they are at work (adapted after Phelps, Eilertsen, Türken, & Ommundsen, 2011).
Items with an asterisk were recoded. Response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 =
strongly disagree, 1 = slightly disagree, 2 = neutral, 3 = agree somewhat, 4 = strongly agree).
Cronbach’s alpha for the scale was .84.

Intense group identification was measured with six items: (a) The moral values of my

culture are the best for me, (b) A person from another cultural group can never understand me

as well as someone from my own group, (c) It is difficult to interact with people from another

cultural group, (d) People from different cultural groups should not mix too much, (e) One can

never trust a person from another cultural group as well as one from one’s own group, (f) I
11

Nikita Kordashenko

would not like my children to marry a person from another culture, (Grigaitytė, Österman, &
Björkqvist, 2019). The response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 = strongly disagree,
1 = slightly disagree, 2 = neutral, 3 = agree somewhat, 4 = strongly agree). Cronbach’s alpha
for the scale was α = .79.

Anxiety and depression were measured with six items each from the Brief Symptom

Inventory (Derogatis & Melisaratos, 1983). Response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0
= not at all, 1 = a little, 2 = moderately, 3 = much, 4 = extremely much). Cronbach’s alpha was
.88 for anxiety and .87 for depression.

One single item measured whether the respondents did know any foreign student in person. The
response alternatives were yes or no.

2.3 Procedure

The data collection was conducted with an online questionnaire. The link was shared by the

administrator of the study. Respondents who took part in the survey were asked to share the

link further in a snowball manner. All responses were gathered anonymously. The survey was
active from the October 1 till November 30, 2020.

2.4 Ethical Considerations

The study is consistent with the principles concerning human research ethics of the Declaration

of Helsinki (World Medical Association, 2013), as well as it follows the guidelines for the
responsible conduct of research of The Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity (2012).

12

Nikita Kordashenko

3. Results
3.1 Correlations between the Scales in the Study

Positive attitudes towards integrating immigrant minorities and intense group identification
correlated significantly and highly negatively for both females and males (Table1). Anxiety and

depression correlated significantly and highly positively with each other for both females and
males.

Table 1

Correlations between the Scales in the Study, Females below the Diagonal
(N =129), and Males above (N = 48)

1.

1. Positive attitudes towards integrating
immigrant minorities

2. Intense group identification
3. Anxiety

4. Depression

*** p ≤ .001; ** p < .005; * p < .01

2.

3.

4.

-

-.64 ***

.16 ns

.07 ns

-.55 ***

-

-.16 ns

-.11 ns

-.13 ns

.65 ***

.00 ns

-.02 ns

-.11 ns

-

.83 ***
-

3.2 Sex Differences

Female students (2.57) had a significantly more positive attitude towards integration of

immigrant minorities compared to male students (1.85) [t(175) = 5.21, p < .001]. A tendency was
found for a significant sex difference for intense group identification. Male students (1.56)

scored slightly higher than female students (1.28) on intense group identification [t(175) = 1.90,
p = .059].

3.3 Respondents Who Knew a Foreign Student in Person

Of females, 55.8 % and of males 66.7% reported that they knew some foreign student in person.

The mean value on positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants for students who knew a
foreign student and for students who did not know any was the same (2.40). The mean value

on intense group identification for students who knew a foreign student was 1.30, and for
students who did not know any it was 1.42. The difference was not significant.

13

Nikita Kordashenko

3.4 Differences between Students Scoring High or Low on Positive Attitudes
towards Integrating Immigrant Minorities

A new variable was constructed based on z-scores of positive attitudes towards integrating

immigrant minorities. Respondents with values below or equal to the mean were assigned to
the group with less positive attitudes (low), and respondents with values above the mean were
assigned to the group with more positive attitudes (high).

A multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) was conducted with positive attitudes towards

integrating immigrant minorities (high/low) as independent variable and intense group
identification, anxiety, and depression as dependent variables.

The multivariate test was significant. The univariate tests showed that respondents with low
scores on positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants scored significantly higher on

intense group identification. No significant differences between the groups were found for
anxiety and depression (Table 2).
Table 2

Results of a Multivariate Analysis of Variance (MANOVA) with Positive Attitudes

towards Integrating Immigrant Minorities (High/Low) as Independent Variable
and Intense Group Identification, Anxiety, and Depression as Dependent
Variables (N = 180)

Effect of Positive Attitudes (High/Low)
Multivariate Analysis
Univariate Analyses

Intense group identification
Anxiety

Depression

F

df

p≤

ηp2

14.88

3, 176

.001

.202

43.63

1, 178

.001

.197

Low Pos. Att.

ns

.000

-

1.09
0.03

14

”
”

ns

.006

Group with

higher mean

-

Nikita Kordashenko

Fig. 1. Mean values on intense group identification for respondents with high and low scores on positive
attitudes on integration of immigrants (N = 180).

15

Nikita Kordashenko

4. Discussion

4.1 Summary of the Findings

The present study was carried out to extend the body of knowledge on the issues of xenophobia,
cultural and racial exclusionism, and acculturation among students of Russian universities. It

provided quantitative date on the role of previous exposure to cross-cultural relationship within
the academic environment, gender patterns, positive attitudes towards integrating immigrant
minorities, intense group identification, and anxiety and depression.

The previous academic studies suggest that the gender pattern of attitudes towards

immigrant minorities changes dramatically over time, with male and female effects prevailing

over different years (Adorno et al., 2019; Ceobanu & Escandell, 2008; Gorodzeisky &

Semyonov, 2009; Paas & Halapuu, 2012; Strabac & Listhaug, 2008; Farris, 2017; Ponce, 2017).
In particular, Ponce’s (2017) findings suggest that in the second decade of the 21 st century the
trend has reversed towards the greater female effect due to the incompatibility of gender

ideologies of the dominant and dominated cultural groups. However, the findings of this paper
are inconsistent with Ponce’s thesis. Female students in Russia have much more positive
attitudes towards integration of immigrant minorities when compared to males. In relation to
the intense group identification, the gender pattern is vivid as well, with a strong male effect.

Therefore, women at Russian universities appear to be more tolerant to the dominated cultures,

and the men are more prone to exhibit exclusionist behavior towards the immigrant minorities.
The likely explanation for this deviation from the expected results could relates to the gender
ideology of the dominant culture. The study of Ponce was conducted in Europe, where he

highlighted the salience of gender egalitarianism. Consequentially, he explained the strong
female effect as women’s response to the perceived threat to the existing gender rights security.
The lack of strong gender-egalitarian ideology in Russia, therefore, can result in the less vivid

symbolic boundaries. Since, according to Ponce (2017), these boundaries are essential
inhibitors of group identification, the absence of such would explain the discrepancies in the
empirical findings.

The paper has revealed strong negative correlation between positive attitude s towards

integration of immigrants and intense group identification for all respondents. The high score

on the positive attitudes towards integration scale corresponded to lower values of intense group

identification, and vice versa. This relation was expected due to the conceptual similarities of
both variables. The scale employed by this study for measuring proactive attitudes towards
integration of minorities has been proven by earlier research (Phelps et al., 2011) to be relevant
16

Nikita Kordashenko

to psychological dispositions associated with prejudice against minority groups, which include
social dominance orientation. The same concept lies at the core of operationalisation of intense

group identification: it is an individual’s predisposition to form and support group hierarchy
(Pratto et al., 2000). Phelps et al., (2011) associate positive attitudes towards integration with
three key elements: cultural efforts, structural efforts and openness to diversity. All of them

define the individual’s readiness to maintain equal inter-group relations, rather than
hierarchical. Therefore, conceptually, the two variables are opposite to each other on the
spectrum of individual attitudes. The empirical findings observed in this study have proven this
relationship.

The ‘scapegoating hypothesis’ assumed that poor socio-economic conditions in the

country can create certain psychological stressors manifested in the form of anxiety, frustration

and depression. Consequentially, the dominant group experiencing such difficulties start
attributing the blame to the minorities, thus increasing the inter-group tensions (Alarape, 2008;
Coetzee, 2012). In this regard, the psychological stressors appear as a mediator between the

dominant group’s grievances and its hostility towards immigrants. In order to test this
assumption, the study examined the empirical associations between respondents psychological
well-being and their attitudes towards integration of the immigrants. The findings have revealed

no significant difference between ‘low’ and ‘high’ positive attitudes subgroups of respondents
and their indicators of anxiety and depression. Therefore, there are no reasons to assume that
psychological stressors somehow predetermined lower positive attitudes towards integration of

the immigrants and higher intense group identification respectively via attribution of blame to

the members of non-dominant cultural, ethnic, or racial groups. This particular aspect of the

study, however, is subjected to significant limitations which will be covered later on in the
corresponding section of this chapter.

The previous exposure to the minorities within the academic environment seems to have

no effect on the students’ positive attitudes towards integrating immigrants. In fact, the mean

value of the variable related to these attitudes was the same for both groups respondents:
students who knew a foreign student and those who did not. A similar finding was observed in

relation to the intense group identification variable. Although those respondents who were not
previously exposed to foreigners in the university scored slightly higher on the intense group
identification scale than their counterparts, the difference was not statistically significant.

17

Nikita Kordashenko

4.2 Limitations of the Study

The study renders findings that add to the current understanding of inter-group relations and
the problem of acculturation in Russia. However, the data obtained from this study is subjected

to a few limitations. Therefore, it is essential to address them critically. One of the key
limitations relates to the sampling. The respondents were randomly selected among students

enrolled at Russian universities in a snow-ball fashion. The study did not control for the

respondents’ university affiliation. Therefore, a sampling bias could have occurred in the form
of insufficient diversity in representation of Russian universities. Furthermore, the research did

not control for the respondents’ belonging to a particular cultural group: either the dominant
majority or a dominated minority. Following from the theory of acculturation explained in the

first chapter of the paper, the two types of groups are situated in radically different

predispositions in relation to the inter-group dynamics. Hence, their responses on the positive
attitudes towards integrating immigrants could easily deviate from the attitudes of the native
dominant group. Hypothetically, it could have compromised the data as well.

Another limitation concerns the ‘scapegoating hypothesis’ and the data related to it. The

theory implies that members of the native group associate psychological stressors with the

immigrant minorities. For instance, poor socio-economic conditions can translate into
scapegoating, due to the perceived association between the minority groups and the causes of
the psychological stress. However, it is unclear whether all possible causes of depression and
anxiety can be associated with the minorities. If the stress is caused by a personal trauma, the

blame for which cannot be attributed to the immigrants due to the lack of any seemingly
possible connection, the scapegoating effect might not occur.

4.3 Implications of the Study

The findings related to the gender pattern clearly indicate that the reversal trend observed by

Ponce (2017) in Europe is not evident in Russian universities. A more thorough qualitative
investigation is required in order to explain the lack of the female effect on the attitudes towards

immigrants. The preliminary assumption is that the gender value systems in the dominant native
cultural group and the dominated minority groups are not incompatible or distinct enough to

inhibit the perception of the symbolic boundary. Since the development of positive peace in the

country includes improvement in the domain of rights equality, the subsequent promotion of
gender equality can hypothetically backfire in the deterioration of positive attitudes towards
immigrants (and, on contrary, increase of intense group identification) among native women.
18

Nikita Kordashenko

Therefore, a further deep research on the gender effect in Russia is essential, in order to render
a path towards a peaceful and harmonised society.

The observed association between intense group identification and positive attitudes

towards integration of immigrants provides research for additional insight on what the major
problems associated with acculturation and adaptation of immigrants in Russia could be.
Consequentially, a further search for effective tactics to combat intense group identification

should be conducted, in order to pursue the goal of positive peace development in the country.

On addition, given that the process of adaptation can have a strong impact on the non-dominant
group’s member’s psychological well-being (Berry, 1997), the problem of intense group
identification can be identified as a serious threat to individual well-being.

Although the paper has found no association between psychological well-being

indicators and the respondents’ attitudes towards integrating immigrants and intense group
identification, the scapegoating effect should not be disregarded. The current study was
subjected to a number of limitation, which presumably have affected the results relevant to this

particular object of investigation. At the same time, the literature emphasises cons istently the

conceptual connection between psychological stressors of both dominant and non-dominant
groups’ members and the process of acculturation (Berry, 1997; Alarape, 2008; Coetzee, 2012).

Perhaps, another study dedicated specifically to this puzzle is required in order to shed light on
this phenomenon in contemporary Russia.

19

Nikita Kordashenko

References
Adorno, T., Frenkel-Brenswik, E., Levinson, D. J., & Sanford, R. N. (2019). The
authoritarian personality. London, UK: Verso Books.

Aitkhozhina, D. (2020, June). Blogger targeted by Russian authorities for anti-racism posts:

prosecutor’s office goes after video blogger who has suffered racist abuse. Human Rights
Watch.

Alarape, A. I. (2008). Xenophobia: Contemporary issues in psychology. IFE Psychologia: An
International Journal, 16, 72-84.

Alexseev, M. A. (2010). Majority and minority xenophobia in Russia: The importance of
being titulars. Post-Soviet Affairs, 26, 89-120.

Berry, J. W. (1992). Acculturation and adaptation in a new society. International
Migration, 30, 69-69.

Berry, J. W. (1997). Immigration, acculturation, and adaptation. Applied psychology, 46, 534.

Berry, J. W., & Kim, U. (1988). Acculturation and mental health. In P. R. Dasen, J. W. Berry,
& N. Sartorius (Eds.), Cross-cultural research and methodology series, 10. Health and
cross-cultural psychology: Toward applications (pp. 207–236). Sage.

Brown, R. (2000). Social identity theory: Past achievements, current problems and future
challenges. European Journal of Social Psychology, 30, 745-778.

Ceobanu, A. M., & Escandell, X. (2008). East is West? National feelings and anti-immigrant
sentiment in Europe. Social Science Research, 37, 1147-1170.

Coetzee, E. (2012). Exploring perceptions of xenophobia in a sample of South African
employees. Journal of Psychology in Africa, 22, 609-615.

Cuhadar, E., & Dayton, B. (2011). The social psychology of identity and inter-group conflict:
From theory to practice. International Studies Perspectives, 12, 273-293.

Derogatis, L. R., & Melisaratos, N. (1983). The Brief Symptom Inventory: An introductory
report. Psychological Medicine, 13, 595–605. doi:10.1017/S0033291700048017

Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity (2012). Responsible conduct of research and

procedures for handling allegations of misconduct in Finland. Helsinki: Finnish Advisory
Board on Research Integrity.

20

Nikita Kordashenko

Folkman, S., & Lazarus, R. S. (1984). Stress, appraisal, and coping (pp. 150-153). New
York: Springer Publishing Company.

Foltynova, L. (2020). Migrants welcome: Is Russia trying to solve its demographic crisis by
attracting foreigners? Radio Free Europe: Radio Liberty.

Galtung, J. (1969). Violence, peace, and peace research. Journal of Peace Research, 6, 167191.

Gorodzeisky, A., & Semyonov, M. (2009). Terms of exclusion: Public views towards

admission and allocation of rights to immigrants in European countries. Ethnic and Racial
Studies, 32, 401-423.

Grigaitytė, I., Österman, K., & Björkqvist, K. (2019). Proactive attitudes towards integration

and intense group identification, in a sample of the Swedish-speaking minority of Western
Finland. European Journal of Social Science Education and Research, 6, 23-36.

Hinkle, S., Taylor, L. A., Fox‐Cardamone, D. L., & Crook, K. F. (1989). Intragroup

identification and intergroup differentiation: A multicomponent approach. British Journal
of Social Psychology, 28, 305-317.

Institute for Economics & Peace, (2017). Positive Peace Report 2017.

http://visionofhumanity.org/app/uploads/2017/10/Positive-Peace-Report-2017.pdf

Julian-Varnon, K. St. (2020). The curious case of “Russian Lives Matter”. Foreign Policy.

Ministry of Internal Affairs of Russian Federation (2020). Statistical figures on the migration
situation in Russian Federation in 2020. https://xn--b1aew.xn-p1ai/Deljatelnost/statistics/migracionnaya/item/22689602

Paas, T., & Halapuu, V. (2012). Attitudes towards immigrants and the integration of
ethnically diverse societies. Eastern Journal of European Studies, 3, 161-176.

Paluck, E. L., & Green, D. P. (2009). Prejudice reduction: What works? A review and
assessment of research and practice. Annual Review of Psychology, 60, 339-367.

Phelps, J. M. (2012). Social psychological explorations of majority integration attitudes,
group boundaries, and diversity ideologies in Norway. Unpublished PhD Thesis,
Department of Psychology, University of Oslo, Norway.

Phelps, J. M., Eilertsen, D. E., Türken, S., & Ommundsen, R. (2011). Integrating immigrant
minorities: Developing a scale to measure majority members’ attitudes toward their own

proactive efforts. Scandinavian Journal of Psychology, 52, 404-410. doi:10.1111/j.14679450.2011.00876.x

Ponce, A. (2017). Gender and anti-immigrant attitudes in Europe. Socius, 3.
doi:10.1177/2378023117729970

21

Nikita Kordashenko

Pratto, F., Liu, J. H., Levin, S., Sidanius, J., Shih, M., Bachrach, H., & Hegarty, P., (2000).

Social dominance orientation and the legitimization of inequality across cultures. Journal
of Cross-Cultural Psychology, 31, 369-409.

Rutland, P., & Kazantsev, A. (2020). Do black lives matter in Russia? PONARS Eurasia.

Searle, W., & Ward, C. (1990). The prediction of psychological and sociocultural adjustment

during cross-cultural transitions. International Journal of Intercultural Relations, 14, 449464.

Sidanius, J., Levin, S., Federico, C., & Pratto, F. (2001). Legitimizing ideologies: The social
dominance approach. In J. T. Jost & B. Major (Eds.) The psychology of legitimacy:

Emerging perspectives on ideology, justice, and intergroup relations, 307. Cambridge,
UK: Cambride University Press.

Sidanius, J., Pratto, F., Van Laar, C., & Levin, S. (2004). Social dominance theory: Its agenda
and method. Political Psychology, 25, 845-880.

Tajfel, H. (1978). Social categorization, social identity and social comparison. Differentiation
Between Social Group, 61-76.

World Medical Association. (2013). World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki:

ethical principles for medical research involving human subjects. Jama, 310, 2191-2194.

Zatari, A. (2020, June 17). Racism in Russia: Stories of prejudice. BBC Russia.

22

