Victimisation from Physical Punishment and Intimate Partner
Aggression in South Africa: The Role of Revictimisation

Master’s Thesis in
Peace, Mediation and Conflict Research
Developmental Psychology
Magret Tsoahae, 1901696
Supervisor: Karin Österman
Faculty of Education and Welfare Studies
Åbo Akademi University, Finland
Spring 2021

Magret Tsoahae

Abstract
Aim: The aim of the study was to investigate victimisation from physical punishment
during childhood, victimisation from an intimate partner as an adult, and
psychological concomitants.
Method: A questionnaire was completed by 190 females, 32 males, and three who
did not state their sex. The respondents where from South Africa. The mean age was
40.0 years (SD 12.2) for females, and 29.7 years (SD 9.9) for males.
Results: For females, victimisation from physical punishment correlated
significantly with victimisation from intimate partner controlling behaviours. For
females, but not for males, victimisation from physical punishment during childhood
correlated positively with depression and anxiety later in life. For both females and
males, a high significant correlation was found between victimisation from intimate
partner physical aggression and controlling behaviours, intimate partner physical
aggression also correlated significantly with depression and anxiety. For males,
victimisation from controlling behaviours correlated significantly with anxiety.
Respondents who had been victimised more than average from physical punishment
scored significantly higher than others on victimisation from controlling behaviours,
intimate partner physical aggression, depression, and anxiety.
Conclusions: It was concluded that victimisation from intimate partner aggression
was associated with previous victimisation from physical punishment during
childhood and could therefore constitute a form of revictimisation.
Key Words: Controlling behaviours by a partner, physical intimate partner
aggression, physical punishment during childhood, depression, anxiety, South Africa.

Magret Tsoahae

Table of Contents
1. Introduction

1

1.1 Aim of the Study

1

1.2 Historical Background of Physical Punishment in South Africa

1

1.3 Definition and Nature of Physical Punishment

4

1.3.1 Challenges Associated with Eliminating Childhood Physical

5

Punishment
1.3.2 Childhood Physical Punishment and Contributing Factors
1.4 Definition and Nature of Intimate Partner Aggression

6
9

1.4.1 Aggression

11

1.4.1.1 Physical Aggression

12

1.4.1.2 Controlling Behaviour

12

1.5 Definition of Revictimisation

13

1.6 Psychological Concomitants

14

1.6.1 Depression

15

1.6.2 Anxiety

16

1.7 Research Questions

16

2. Method

17

2.1 Sample

17

2.2 Instrument

17

2.3 Procedure

18

2.4 Ethical Considerations

18

3. Results

19

3.1 Correlations between the Scales in the Study

19

3.2 Differences Associated with High or Low Victimisation from Physical

20

Punishment during Childhood
4. Discussion

23

4.1 Summary of Findings

23

4.2 Limitations and Recommendations

25

References

27

Appendices

34

1. Introduction
1.1 Aim of the Study
The aim of the current study was to investigate revictimisation from aggression in respondents
from South Africa. The study includes measurements of victimisation from physical
punishment during childhood and victimisation from intimate partner aggression and
controlling behaviours during adulthood. The association with psychological problems in the
form of depression and anxiety were also investigated.

1.2 Historical Background of Physical Punishment in South Africa
Physical punishment was institutionalised in South Africa during Apartheid and accepted as a
normal disciplinary method (Dawes, De Sas Kropiwnicki, Kafaar, & Richter, 2005). This
attitude and mechanism have bled into the education system and become an essential
component in maintaining discipline (Morrell, 2006). Soon after Apartheid was abolished,
physical punishment became outlawed. Comparatively, Sweden had prohibited child physical
punishment in 1979, and Finland in 1983 (Österman, Björkqvist, & Wahlbeck, 2014). South
Africa´s historical background paints a picture of obedience and it is related to why the country
still faces one of the highest rates of intimate partner violence and child victimisation (Dawes
et al., 2005).
As mentioned above, the South African Schools Act no. 84 of 1996 and The Abolition of
Corporal Punishment Act No. 33 of 1997, sought to eliminate the culture of violence brought
on by Apartheid which was more common in schools (Breen, Daniels & Tomlinson, 2015;
Morrell, 2001). Despite physical punishment being illegalized, research shows that it is still
persistent throughout the country especially in rural settings (Breen et al., 2015). Additionally,
sometimes to preserve their culture, many ethnic African tribes reject current knowledge.
Leaving those growing into the culture unequipped with alternatives on how to approach
conflict (Muchane, 2011). According to Morrell (2001), some progress has been made but the
transition is not easy. In 2005, 300 teachers were removed from their jobs and charged with
committing offences such as assaulting learners (Naong, 2007). Furthermore, the environment
which allows a lack of accountability demonstrated how matters are dealt with in the eyes of
the law. A review of the penal system from the colonial era up until recently can provide a
summary of how much change has taken place.
1

Magret Tsoahae

The penal system, which was rooted in physical punishment, torture in the form of
whippings was common in colonial periods (Killingray, 1994; Midgley, 1982). According to
Naong (2007), the aim of empowering individuals to take responsibilities for their and others’
rights, is not possible due to the lack of support from authorities. In the past, physical
punishment was administered to criminals, and the degree of intensity the punishment was
dealt with frequently resulted in injury or death. The 1800’s saw a change in legislation in terms
of juvenile cases, limiting the number of whippings children under the age of 15 could receive.
South Africa´s legislative history with physical punishment demonstrates a strong attachment
to this form of disciplinary measure (Killingray, 1994).
In the 1900´s, most Western countries had already removed physical punishment from the
penal system. The 1950´s brought reforms to prevent parents from using physical punishment
in Sweden (Council of Europe, 2007). In contrast, South Africa was still holding on to this
form of torture and was particularly more adverse for juveniles and children of African descent.
The argument based on a lack of alternatives, stated that because black Africans were still
“uncivilized”, this punishment acted as a form of deterrence. Nevertheless, of these arguments,
the judicial commission felt that the punishments were severely harsh and were likely to cause
psychological damage to children. Moreover, it was stated that children who originated from
troubled homes were more likely to experience further psychological issues. Psychological and
psychiatric arguments were able to persuade the justice system then to seek and utilize methods
that would be constructive for the individual (Midgley, 1982). Despite the judicial
commission’s statements against physical punishment for penal reasons, physical punishment
continued to be applied in school settings.
The introduction of Bantu education meant that African learners would still be the target of
unfair physical punishment. As a result, black boys and girls were thought to be more
vulnerable to physical punishment at school; contrarily in English schools, boys were most
commonly the only victims of severe punishment (Naong, 2007). The 1980´s brought about
retaliation towards the authorities and a call to end physical punishment. Notably, opposition
toward physical violence was not focused on its violent nature, but the inequality factor. The
inequality factor mentioned here refers to the asymmetrical nature of physical punishment. The
party of the administering end always determines what is appropriate behaviour. Moreover, the
victim in this case is at the mercy of the perpetrator whose motives may not be consistent and
rational leading to cruel and malicious punishment.
The end of Apartheid meant that themes of authoritarianism and gender inequality had begun
to be challenged. The democracy that came post-apartheid was also part of the international
2

Magret Tsoahae

community´s pressure to enforce human rights (Morrell, 2001). Human right laws emphasized
that the respect of humanity should not be exclusive to adults, but that children too have the
right to be protected (Council of Europe, 2007). The United Nations Committee on the Rights
of the Child (2011), states that all children require protection from all forms of violence
including neglect, abuse, negligence, maltreatment of any sort of abuse including sexual abuse.
To date, the transition from physical punishment at home or school has only been on a political
basis. In private settings, many South Africans still support the use of physical punishment
(Morrell, 2001). Research outlined the fact that most violence takes place at home and/or
school settings from family and teachers.
Recently, the opinion of physical punishment has not changed, in 2004 teachers were still
against the prohibition of physical punishment at schools. Believing that it is the only method
that can successfully maintain discipline. However, the reality was that many teachers felt they
had been stripped of their power and respect while other appropriate disciplinary methods
required more effort and knowledge (Naong, 2007). Additionally, the issue also stems from
adults who take inspiration from first-hand experiences with physical punishment. This has led
to a cycle of multiple generations taking turns to raise children using the same methods
(Council of Europe, 2007).
According to Breen et al. (2015), South Africa is included in the 6 out of 10 countries with
the highest rates of physical punishment. More than three quarters of the children in these 10
countries reported to having experienced physical punishment (Breen et al., 2015). Not
excluding the difference in how the act of physical punishment is interpreted by the child versus
the parent. Thereafter, in the early years of its abolishment between 1998 till 2001, students
had been recorded stating that the decrease in physical punishment was a positive development.
However, some students mentioned that since the abolishment of physical punishment other
learners had become disrespectful, and detention was not an effective method of discipline
(Morrell, 2001). In 2004, it was mentioned in research that more than 50% of parents admitted
to using corporal punishment (Dawes et al., 2005). A survey conducted in South African
schools in 2015 indicated that almost all used physical punishment as a form of discipline.
(Global Initiative to End All Corporal Punishment of Children, 2020). Conversely, between
2018 and 2019 the South African Council for Educators had registered more than 633 cases of
teacher misconduct of which 295 were related to physical punishment (South African Council
for Educators, 2019). This demonstrates that despite official bans on corporal punishment being
in place most schools in South Africa are guilty of utilising it for discipline. The next section
discusses victimisation from physical punishment during childhood.
3

Magret Tsoahae

1.3 Definition and Nature of Physical Punishment
Physical punishment (PP) is referred to as an action taken to inflict pain on an individual in the
name of punishment (Council of Europe, 2007). More specifically, any form of punishment in
which physical force is used to cause some degree of pain intentionally or unintentionally. The
main purpose of administering physical punishment is as a corrective discipline technique in
response to an offence the child has committed. The offence is usually interpreted by the adults
or parents, who are motivated by the inappropriate behavioural deterrent abilities punishment
holds (Ennew & Pierre Plateau, 2004).
Many parents or adults rely on physical punishment to prevent bad behaviour from their
children. The degree of severity, as well as the methods used to administer the punishment,
vary between households. Some methods include hitting the child with one’s hands which is
most often referred to as spanking. In other examples, objects such as whips, shoes, or belts are
used to hit the child. Punishment is not exclusive to physical form; some adults can also
verbally abuse children through humiliation and threats (Council of Europe, 2007). Evidence
exists that demonstrates how physical punishment has immediate compliance effects on the
child´s behaviour in response to the parent´s demands. On the other hand, the punishment can
give rise to an unwanted behaviour where the child becomes more restless rather than calm.
Consequently, the parents will have to increase the severity as time goes to produce the same
compliance response (Gershoff, 2010). When the severity of the punishment is increased it is
no longer physical punishment but physical abuse. Research shows that in the long run an
individual´s probability of developing undesirable behaviours is high (Baumrind, Larzelere, &
Cowan, 2002). The harmful effects do not stop at aggression and physical injury, there is also
emotional pain (Sanapo & Nakamura, 2010).
Physical punishment is not confined to the domestic setting but can spill over into the
educational setting. Beyond the methods that form part of physical punishment, the settings in
which it is often administered are important to consider. Violence which is accepted in one
setting may create a continuous cycle thereby overflowing into settings such education and
community environments (United Nations Office of the Special Representative of the
Secretary-General on Violence against Children, 2016). According to Ortiz-Ospina (2017),
almost 70% of parents in the United States agreed to strongly agreed with spanking to discipline
in 2016. Jaghoory, Björkqvist, and Österman (2015), mentioned in a research article on extreme
physical punishment by teachers that four out of five parents themselves believe that children
4

Magret Tsoahae

require physical punishment at school. Schools provide an environment in which children can
easily internalise values. Hence, educational settings that are filled with violence, disrespect
and intolerance not only have an impact on the victim. Pupils who are not victims of physical
punishment can unwittingly develop anxiety and fear from the environment (United Nations
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Violence against Children,
2016). Although, physical punishment is widely debated, it is known to be linked to other
negative behaviours and disorders. Amongst these behaviours’ children are said to develop
further aggression, interpersonal relationship problems, anxiety, and depression (Gershoff,
2002). Children are recorded more often considering the punishment harsher than the parent or
adult. Additionally, children indicated that adults would reprimand them using objects for
minor misbehaving’s (Breen et al., 2015). At times, these reprimanding actions can be severe
and may even be the onset of abusive behaviour from adults to children. One example is a first
grader who was hit with a pipe on the head. Furthermore, in some instances the punishment is
used to justify motives which are unrelated to discipline. For example, a teacher physically
punishing a learner to coerce them into sex with an adult (Veriava, Hodgson, & Thom, 2017).
Moreover, the punishment children receive is based on the adult’s perception of what can be
considered as inappropriate, while disregarding the idea that these are typical behaviours from
children. Children are denied their human nature because adults want to instil a particular
behaviour (Pizzirani, Karantzas, Roisman, & Simpson, 2020). Picture teachers throwing hot
water at learners while hanging them upside down. Extreme disciplinary measures such as
those mentioned previously reveal the dehumanising nature of physical punishment and its
inconsistency between severity and rationale for the punishment.
According to United Nations Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
on Violence against Children (2016), frequent victimisation in the educational setting can result
in learner dropouts. Dropout rates present as an issue not just for the individual but on a societal
level. High dropout rates in developing countries can affect the economy, where the inability
to receive an education leaves the individual stuck in a cycle of poverty ((Nisar Ul Haq et al.,
2019; United Nations Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on
Violence against Children, 2016).
1.3.1 Challenges Associated with Eliminating Childhood Physical Punishment
The United Nations composed 17 Sustainable Development goals based on relevant societal
issues. Sustainable Development Goals are aimed at improving the general societal living
conditions. Goal 16 refers to promoting peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable
5

Magret Tsoahae

development, provide access to justice for all and build effective, accountable, and inclusive
institutions at all levels. Furthermore, when expanded on goal 16 consists of its own welldefined targets and indicators. Target 16.2, meant to end abuse, exploitation, trafficking, and
all forms of violence against and torture of children includes physical punishment and or
psychological aggression by caregivers as its indicator (Transforming Our World: The 2030
Agenda for Sustainable Development, 2015; United Nations Economic and Social Council,
2020). However, as recent as 2019 violence directed at children was still a major issue in
almost 70 countries. Countries with socio-economic levels ranging from low to middle income
were said to have 80% of their children having been subjected to some form of psychological
aggression and or physical punishment (United Nations Economic and Social Council, 2020).
In view of findings such as those mentioned a variety of challenges exist that prevent goal 16
and its targets from being fulfilled (Choi, Yoo, Park, Lee, Tran, Lee, & Oh, 2018).
Firstly, the notion of physical punishment as a form of discipline is problematic in the sense
that it makes it difficult to achieve the goal. Unfortunately, in many cases, the perpetrator is
the caregiver who is under the belief that this action benefits the child´s upbringing (Knox,
2020). Research shows that parents or adults who had grown up in settings where violence was
normalized are more inclined to carry over the same practices when raising their own children.
When non-violent alternatives that can decrease the risk of abuse are provided (Breen et al.,
2015), parents are more likely to become defensive and refuse to understand the need for
change (Knox, 2020). Parents may reject alternative recommendations due to the level of
education they received. Caregivers with little to lack of education perceive physical
punishment as a character-building disciplinary approach (Nisar Ul Haq et al., 2019). Physical
punishment is said to build character in the sense that the child learns to toughen up and grow
thick skin.
Secondly, societal factors such as culture and general perspective of violence in a country,
work to reinforce this mentality. Factors such as the judicial system, and overall inequality
within the country also contribute to the normative attitude towards physical punishment. Take
for example the concept of societal coercion which creates the impression that parents who do
not use physical punishment are inadequate parents (Straus, 1991). The next section discusses
how the challenges seek to validate the practice of physical punishment.
1.3.2 Childhood Physical Punishment and Contributing Factors
African, and specifically South African culture are rooted in patriarchy hence most societal
systems favour masculinity (Breen et al., 2015; Mogale, Burns, & Richter, 2012). In the19th
6

Magret Tsoahae

century, racial hierarchy was solidified in South Africa by Apartheid laws and segregation. As
a result, the societal structure positioned men of every race as the dominant household figures,
which left the submissive role to women and children. Furthermore, an authoritarian education
system emphasized a hierarchy of dominance detailing adults having authority over children
and men over women (Morrell, 2001). Records of South African society after Apartheid inform
of increased rates of violence due to societal factors such as inequality in both economic and
social settings, as well as high rates of substance abuse (Gass, Stein, Williams, & Seedat, 2010).
The inequality a society faces may contribute to the prevalence of physical punishment in
families. According to Choi et al. (2018), wealthier families are less likely to have children
experiencing child physical punishment. Moreover, the parents from low-income households
are less inclined to abandon the belief system of physical punishment as a discipline. Belief in
physical punishment was exacerbated in the case of a child with a disability, in these cases the
vulnerability aspect increases the chances of physical abuse. Additionally, families with middle
or upper socio-economic status enforce discipline using alternative methods. Positive
reinforcement is one method, where parents encourage positive behaviours by providing
rewards. Parents from low socio-economic status often lack adequate resources to enable them
the use of reward systems in place of harsh disciplinary measures. Furthermore, parents from
low-income households experience more stress factors that limit their ability to consider
alternatives (Choi et al., 2018). Low-income parents are often unable to spend time disciplining
their children and physical punishment is the easiest option.
More often low-income families face financial uncertainties which exacerbate the already
difficult responsibility of parenting. Due to limited financial resources or family support lowincome parents find themselves in situations that can induce family violence because of
increased parental stress. Parental stress is a psychological reaction that emerges from an
inconsistency between the parent’s expectations and how a lack of resources prevents them
from fulfilling those expectations. Notably, research has indicated that parental stress is linked
to the use of harsh parenting methods such as corporal punishment. Moreover, parents who
experience parental stress are more likely to engage in authoritarian parenting style. Meanwhile
authoritarian parenting styles are more commonly associated with detached parent and child
relationships (Chung, Lanier, & Wong, 2020). Children can go on to present external or internal
symptoms that carry into adulthood because of the harmful developmental effects punitive
parenting styles carry (Chung et al., 2020).
Poor parent-child bonds may lead to children developing persisting side effects long into
adulthood such as depression (Patock-Peckham, Ebbert, Woo, Finch, Broussard, Ulloa, &
7

Magret Tsoahae

Moses, 2020). The financial and time constraints low-income parents’ experiences also prevent
them from developing strong relationship bonds. Children who are subjected to frequent
physical punishment by parents can develop insecure attachment bonds due to the confusion
they experience in terms of support (Breen et al., 2015). Relationships with others are a crucial
factor in predicting the recovery for those who have experienced a traumatic event such as
domestic violence, especially in parent-child relationships where the interaction determines
how the child will fare in the future to adversity (Breen et al., 2015).The type of relationship
children have with their parents act as a buffers to the negative effects; positive parent-child
relationships in which parents are responsive and attentive to the child’s needs from birth lessen
the effects of PP trauma (Hambrick, Brawner, Perry, Brandt, Hofmeister, & Collins, 2019).
Supportive structures are vital in validating individuals´ experiences and demonstrating
understanding (Graham-Kevan et al., 2015). Unfortunately, the stress factors for low-income
households do not just stop at parental stress, several studies have found associations between
substance abuse, poverty, child maltreatment, and intimate partner violence. Children with
parents who have substance abuse problems are vulnerable to child maltreatment. Vulnerability
to childhood adverse experiences is aggravated in cases where domestic violence and substance
abuse co-occur. Mainly due to substance abuse, mental illness and violence having comorbidities to one another (Goldberg & Blaauw, 2019). Thus, the more risk factors present
around an individual or community the higher the prevalence of child maltreatment. However,
it is important to highlight that risk factors which exist on their own are not enough for an
association to child maltreatment to be made. Although, in the South African context research
has identified a high comorbidity of substance use disorders and mental illnesses. Disorders
such as anxiety and substance abuse are present in 13% -15 % of South Africa´s population
(Pasche & Myers, 2012). The comorbidity of substance abuse and mental illnesses increases
the likelihood for negative impacts to occur (Pasche & Myers, 2012).
Furthermore, communities which experience high rates of violence and substance abuse
share a link with child maltreatment. The association between alcohol abuse and child
maltreatment share a stronger link in comparison to drug use. Especially, when taking into
consideration the close relationship between alcohol and aggression. Substance abuse has been
documented as being a significant risk factor for aggression and vice versa. The inhibitory and
frustration release properties alcohol carry seems to be the determining factor for this
interaction (Chester & DeWall, 2018; Goldberg & Blaauw, 2019; Pasche & Myers, 2012). The
association between alcohol and aggression are further exacerbated when combined with
additional psychopathic characteristics. Excessive physical punishment in the South African
8

Magret Tsoahae

context may share a relationship with the use of alcohol within the country. Research on South
Africa´s alcohol use states almost 40% of the adult population are frequent drinkers, with nearly
15% of those being high risk drinkers. Moreover, alcohol and drug use seem to be more
pervasive among communities with limited resources. Therefore, it can be said that a high
number of physical punishment cases occur within the cycle of poverty (Goldberg & Blaauw,
2019; United Nations Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on
Violence against Children, 2016). The following section discusses the nature and definition of
intimate partner aggression.

1.4 Definition and Nature of Intimate Partner Aggression
Intimate partner aggression (IPA) is described as any form of physical, psychological, or sexual
harm, that an individual has experienced by their intimate partner (Brown, Perera, Masho,
Mezuk, & Cohen, 2015). Often both intimate partner aggression and child maltreatment are
intertwined within a negative cycle. Children who are exposed to their parent’s intimate partner
aggression are more likely to grow up with the mentality that using physical force in
interactions is acceptable. According to the social learning theory parents play a vital role in a
child´s behavioural modelling. Interestingly, parents are said hand down aggressive behaviours
to their children. Parent-child bonds are important regarding what lessons children receive
throughout their upbringing. For example, in households where aggression is used to assert
dominance, both male and female children are likely to adopt aggressive behaviours. However,
gender differences exist within the type of aggression behavioural cues children develop.
Furthermore, based on evolutionary theory physical aggressive behaviours are more common
among boys. Contrasting, verbal aggressive behaviours in girls (Patock-Peckham et al., 2020).
Incidents of intimate partner aggression in households are not exclusive to those in the
relationship; children can also become victims in these situations (Brown et al., 2015). Couples
transition into parenthood often brings more complications than gratification according to some
studies. The crisis the shift of parenthood creates for many couples can spell the onset of marital
victimisation, which consequently becomes the child´s upbringing environment (Eller,
Marshall, Rholes, Vieth & Simpson, 2019). Children exposed to marital violence experience a
duality; either being direct victims of the aggression or developing externalising behaviours
because of the exposure ((Brown et al., 2015; Patock-Peckham et al., 2020). Dysfunctional
family settings create an environment for developmental impediments along with negative
behavioural lessons. Research on adverse childhood experiences mention that developmental
9

Magret Tsoahae

impediments are connected to trauma and adversity. Adverse experiences during childhood
leads to negative after-effects in behaviour, emotions, and interpersonal relationships
(Hambrick et al., 2019). Negative effects are persistent throughout the child´s life, hindering
their emotional development. Consequently, increasing the chance of experiencing depression,
emotional instability, and low-self-esteem (Patock-Peckham et al., 2020). Records indicate that
later in life children who witness IPA while growing up were more likely to become either
victims or perpetrators themselves (Frade & De Wet-Billings, 2019).
Intimate partner aggression gender differences outcomes are dependent on the relationship
between the parental figures. Male children are more likely to become perpetrators if the male
parental figure used aggression. Male aggression according to the social learning theory is
directed towards influencing other males. Society sets certain expectations on each gender
which influences people´s behaviour. Scenarios in which gender norms are not fulfilled a
person may feel inclined to overcompensate (Patock-Peckham et al., 2020). Intimate partner
aggression may come because of feelings of inadequacy projecting themselves in private
settings. Victims in these cases tend to be those that the perpetrator deems as weak and easy to
assert dominance over (Darko, Björkqvist, & Österman, 2018; Patock-Peckham et al., 2020).
In the United States, almost 40% of women and 30% of men have experienced intimate
partner aggression (Brown et al., 2015). This is in line with the world average of 30% of women
having experienced IPA (Devries, Mak, García-Moreno, Petzold, Child, Falder, & Watts,
2013). Generally, intimate partner aggression has been perceived as asymmetrical with females
reporting experiencing higher rates. Studies conducted in equal societies contradict the
traditional notion of asymmetry, instead provide evidence that males are just as likely to be
victims of IPA. Symmetry between males and females in terms of aggression is only valid in
scenarios of acute aggression. Cases in which extreme aggression in other words violence is
utilised (e.g., likely to lead to injury or death) males are still considered as the most common
perpetrators (Darko et al., 2018). In South Africa´s case the lack of statistical information on
the prevalence of IPA is due to the flawed crime report method. Several factors contribute to
the inadequacy of the crime reporting methods, although, most can be linked to the
unsatisfactory nature of the criminal justice system. The criminal justice system´s
unsatisfactory performance is based on the relationship between victims and the police
(Schönteich & Louw, 2001). Police are said to not record victim reports. Moreover, only few
incidents which are recorded by law enforcement and subsequently land in court, end in
convictions. The failure to report and record from both sides create obstacles in addressing
many of the crime related problems in the country, especially IPA. Effective reporting methods
10

Magret Tsoahae

can increase the reputation of the criminal justice system which in turn can improve the
deterrence of crime (Schönteich & Louw, 2001). Moreover, what information is available
within the South African IPA context is focused mainly on female victims (Gass et al., 2010).
Hence, the traditional view of asymmetry prevails. A study on mortality and IPA conducted in
South Africa highlighted that at least half of all female murder victims in the year 1999 were
due to an intimate partner (Abrahams, Jewkes, Martin, Mathews, Vetten, & Lombard, 2009).
More recently, a study conducted on IPA in South Africa found that between the years 2003
and 2004 almost 30% of women had experienced IPA (Gass et al., 2010). The study also cited
childhood physical abuse or extreme punishment as risk factors for intimate partner aggression
later in adulthood (Gass et al., 2010). Childhood adversities connection with intimate partner
aggression is not only an issue on the individual level but on the micro level too. Intimate
Partner Aggression can be witnessed in several forms, the most common is physical aggression.
Additionally, controlling behaviours are also utilised alongside physical violence towards the
victimised partner (Darko et al., 2018). The following sections comprehensively discuss the
forms of aggression that occur within intimate partner aggression.
1.4.1 Aggression
Aggression is a blanket term used to refer to any sort of behaviour in which harm or injury are
inflicted on an individual (Berkowitz, 1978; Geen, 1998). Despite aggression being a widely
used term, it is not categorised as scientific. Namely, aggression can be considered an umbrella
term for other behaviours such as anger, violence, coercion, or punishment. Generally,
aggression can be distinguished by two sets of reasoning. Reasoning behind an individual´s
aggression is based on what motivated him or her to act in this manner. Aggressive behaviour
is generally understood as a reaction to some sort of provocation. However, this is not always
the full picture, some individuals report being met with aggression spontaneously without any
evident reason.
Perpetrators engaged in instrumental aggression do so seeking social or material rewards.
Conversely, affective aggression is based on emotional grounds, where the perpetrator seeks
to cause intentional harm (Berkowitz, 1978; Geen, 1998). Generally, the harmful outcomes that
emerge from instrumental aggression can be understood as consequential damages from the
main material goal (Berkowitz, 1978). Affective aggression is the most hostile between the two
types of aggression. The danger present within affective aggression is found when the
aggressor realises their intent of causing harm was successful. Consequently, this realisation
reinforces their future behaviour (Berkowitz, 1978). The nature of aggression which is
11

Magret Tsoahae

motivated by emotional reasons tends to be on the reactive side. Meaning the aggressor is
reacting or responding to something that has changed in his or her environment.
In terms of IPA the social environment in which the individual was brought up in becomes
an important factor to consider. Our cognitive processes determine our emotional reactions.
Aggression within relationships may be due to the cognitive process utilised to interpret
interpersonal interactions (Geen, 1998). Parents whose aggressive behaviour results in positive
outcomes rather than negative create an environment of harmful influence for their offspring.
Hence, some children expect that certain behaviours are likely to result in aggressive reactions.
Moreover, they develop an understanding that aggressive behaviours produce welcomed
outcomes for the aggressor increasing the chances of them behaving violently (Geen, 1998).
Hence, the aggressive mentality develops since no consequential reaction is expected which in
turn only reinforces further aggressive behaviour.
1.4.1.1 Physical Aggression
Physical aggression in relationships is marked by acts of beating or kicking a partner. This sort
of violence can be bidirectional in nature, meaning both men and women can be violent
partners. However, most of the research demonstrates that women experience the highest
amounts of physical aggression at the hands of their partners (Krug, Dahlberg, Mercy, & Zwi,
2002). Three - quarters of women in a worldwide survey reported having experienced some
form of physical violence in their relationships. One key feature of physical aggression in
relationships is the extended period. Many individuals report experiencing multiple forms of
violence over time (Krug et al., 2002). Extended periods of violence can escalate from verbal
aggression that eventually culminates in physical acts. A variety of factors are said to be
responsible for assaulting an intimate partner. One example is a violent history of witnessing
their own parents or family being assaulted. Furthermore, substance abuse as well as living in
low income can play a vital role in developing maladaptive coping behaviours leading to
violence (Krug et al., 2002).
1.4.1.2 Controlling Behaviours
Typically, aggression is thought to be a physical act however, some cases have been recorded
involving non-physical behaviour (Merrell, Buchanan, & Tran, 2006). According to Yamasaki
and Nishida (2009), aggression in a relational nature normally constitutes of manipulation to
achieve control over another individual. Furthermore, the indirect nature of control or
manipulative aggression can go unnoticed by the victim and those around them. Perpetrators
12

Magret Tsoahae

use this form of inconspicuous aggression to avoid confrontation. Since controlling aggression
pertains more to the psychological and emotional aspect of a relationship, the motives are
typically unclear. Controlling individuals motives are unique according to each scenario,
however, are usually connected to material gains, establishing dominance, or obtaining status
of some kind (Merrell et al., 2006).
Controlling behaviours in intimate partner relationships can manifest in form of isolating
the partner from support systems. Furthermore, limiting their ability to receive information or
creating a dependent relationship (Krug et al., 2002). Most research describes the motivates
behind men´s use of violence due to control seeking behaviour (Brown et al., 2015). In contrast
other studies have indicated that both men and women participate in controlling behaviour
(Jouriles & McDonald, 2014). Women´s vulnerability to IPA can be linked to the level of
equality they experience in their immediate society. If the society is male dominated meaning
that she may be dependent on them to avoid poverty it may be difficult to leave an abusive
situation (Krug et al., 2002). A patriarchal society such as South Africa´s provides an
environment where males dominate due to financial dominance. Possession of financial
dominance justifies authority and control in the household, creating an atmosphere of
inequality that is likely to result in IPA (Darko et al., 2018).
Financial or economic abuse is also one method that is used to control the partner. This can
be achieved either through direct control over familial expenses, exploitation or not permitting
the individual access to a career (Anitha, 2019). This controlling behaviour acts as a reinforcer
to dependency, especially when there are children involved that the individual has
responsibility over (Anitha, 2019).

1.5 Definition of Revictimisation
Revictimisation refers to individuals who were exposed to traumatic events during childhood
and again later in adulthood. Childhood adversity is described as a predictive factor for
revictimisation in adulthood (Dias, Sales, Mooren, Mota-Cardoso, & Kleber, 2017). Research
demonstrates those with previous victimisation incidences are more likely to be revictimised.
Recent research indicates that prior victimisation and trauma development are predictors of
further incidences (Graham-Kevan, Brooks, Willan, Lowe, Robinson, Khan, Bryce, 2015).
Children who witnessed adults using violence while growing up are more likely to perceive
physical violence as an accepted conflict resolution method (Breen, Daniels, & Tomlinson,
2015). However, studies show that women are more likely to become victims in adulthood as
13

Magret Tsoahae

opposed to men becoming perpetrators because of growing up in a violent environment (Gass
et al., 2010). Certain factors are said to contribute directly or indirectly to revictimisation, due
to adverse childhood experiences. For example, an inability to regulate one’s emotions can
indirectly determine whether an individual is involved in risk taking behaviour that increases
the likelihood of victimisation (Messman-Moore, Walsh, & DiLillo, 2010). The way in which
an individual handles traumatic events is significant and reflective of the likelihood to
experience revictimisation (Graham-Kevan et al., 2015).
Numerous studies have established the negative effects that physical punishment can have
on an individual. Regardless, there seems to be some individuals that manage and adapt to the
risk factors of physical punishment. Based on psychological knowledge this can be referred to
as possessing resilience. Resilience is recognised as an individual´s resources that enable and
protect the person from the negative outcomes. The resources in this case may be internal
within the individual or external such as family and community (Powell, Rahm-Knigge, &
Conner, 2020). The properties of resilience act as protective factors which may aide in
children´s growth and adjustment as they mature. Resilient factors may in fact shield the child
from developing negative coping habits that can contribute to revictimization. Furthermore,
children with strong resilience demonstrate an increased capacity to cope with depression and
anxiety in comparison to those that are low in resilience. However, it is important to take note
that resilience factors are witnessed differently across different cultures. For example, in some
cultures survivors of childhood adversity detailed that avoidance was helpful for their
development (Ho, Chan, Shevlin, Karatzias, Chan, & Leung, 2019). While in other cultures
going against the convention of saving face was more beneficial in the long run for them.
Although, the culture´s approach towards mental health and seeking help are significant in
building resilience. African cultures are more likely to view seeking help for childhood
adversity as bringing family dishonour. Thus, the effects of childhood adversity go without
treatment for longer periods. Therefore, for an individual´s resilience to grow or remain stable
he or she requires innate self-esteem or motivation (Ho et al., 2019). Resilience is mainly an
innate character an individual possesses, however, other factors such as family and community
ties play vital roles. Unfortunately, often children that experience physical punishment at home
or at school do not have access to these resources.

1.6 Psychological Concomitants

14

Magret Tsoahae

The risk of vulnerability in victims is subject to the negative impact assault experiences had on
their psychology. The threat of death, sustaining a severe injury, and frequent experiences of
violence are all categorised as traumatic events. Domestic violence such as child maltreatment,
verbal abuse and sexual abuse meet the criteria for traumatic events. Depending on the duration
of the victimisation, the adverse reactions people face may lead to psychological and social
problems. Physical punishment during childhood presents as an issue across several nations
and the consequences are not only momentary but are linked to long term effects. A strong
association is demonstrated between adverse mental conditions and physical punishment
during childhood (Afifi, MacMillan, Boyle, Taillieu, Cheung, & Sareen, 2014). Additionally,
the age of the child as well as the frequency in which the punishment is given out directly
influence the developmental path (Hambrick et al., 2019). Especially when the physical
punishment has been subjected frequently and over an extended period, research states that
most often children experience physical punishment from infancy through to adolescence
(Knox, 2020). Given that families and living environments remain constant unless childwelfare becomes involved. Children from homes that administer physical punishment are more
likely to experience a developmental delay compared to others their age (Hambrick et al.,
2019).
People who grew up in an environment that had them subjected to multiple traumatic events
are at higher risk for severe implications especially if many of the incidents occurred during
childhood, which further hinders their social interactions related to interpersonal relationships,
employment, or financial situation (Afifi et al., 2014),. Furthermore, the connection between
mental conditions and childhood physical punishment extends in later stages of life into
negative thought patterns and behaviours that include suicidal ideation and drug dependency
(Afifi et al., 2014). Moreover, it is applicable to attachment problems, maladjusted emotional
responses, and cognitive consequences (Graham-Kevan et al., 2015). The toxicity of chronic
stress is not only harmful in terms of mood, but for young children this can affect their brain
development (Breen et al., 2015).
1.6.1 Depression
Persistent symptoms that last longer than four weeks are considered as post-traumatic stress
disorder (Graham-Kevan et al., 2015). In terms of gender, those females who have previous
victimisation experiences are twice more likely to develop PTSD compared to their male
counterparts. This was aggravated further if the victimisation had occurred on multiple
occasions and throughout childhood. The early victimisation incidents leave emotional and
15

Magret Tsoahae

neurological damage that would otherwise increase the level of trauma the individual
experiences (Graham-Kevan et al., 2015).
1.6.2 Anxiety
Physical punishment not only results in physical injury, damage to emotional functioning is
also highlighted. Children can often become anxious to their parent’s reactions. Creating an
environment of anxiety and avoidance (Breen et al., 2015). Pre-existing psychiatric disorders
such as neurosis that present in victims can also increase the chances that traumatic symptoms
develop further. Therefore, emotional instability and sensitivity to external danger or threat can
lead to anxiety (Graham-Kevan et al., 2015). Anxiety is a disorder based on being fearful of
future situations because physical punishment is meant to be painful to instil discipline. This
often leaves the child angry or fearful of the adult (Breen et al., 2015).

1.7 Research Questions
For the purpose of the study the following research questions were investigated:
Question 1
Are there correlations between physical punishment during childhood and intimate partner
controlling behaviours later in life?
Question 2
Are there correlations between physical punishment during childhood and victimisation from
intimate partner physical aggression later in life?
Question 3
What difference exists between respondents who have been victimised more than average from
physical punishment compared to others in terms of victimisation from controlling behaviours,
victimisation from intimate partner physical aggression, depression, and anxiety?

16

Magret Tsoahae

2. Method
2.1 Sample
A questionnaire was completed by 190 female, 32 male respondents, and three who did not
state their sex. The respondents were from South Africa. The mean age was 40.0 years (SD
12.2) for females, and 29.7 years (SD 9.9) for males. The age difference was significant [t(219)
= 4.49, p < .001]. The age range was between 16 and 67 years.

2.2 Instrument
A questionnaire was constructed for measuring victimisation from an intimate partner as an
adult, victimisation during childhood, and psychological concomitants. The following scales
were included: victimisation from (a) controlling behaviours by a partner, (b) physical intimate
partner aggression, (c) physical punishment during childhood, (d) depression, and (e) anxiety.
Controlling behaviours by a partner was measured with an abbreviated and revised version
of The Controlling Behaviour Scale (CBS‐R: Graham‐Kevan & Archer, 2005). The seven
items were: “Have you ever experienced any of the following behaviours from a partner?” (a)
Limited the activities you can engage in outside the relationship, (b) Restricted the time you
spend with your own friends and/or family, (c) Wanted to know everywhere you go and with
whom you speak, (d) Been jealous of you and therefore monitored your activities, (e) Not let
you use money that belongs to both of you, (f) Disapproved of you working or studying, and
(g) Decided how you should dress. The response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 =
never, 1 = seldom, 2 = sometimes, 3 = often, 4 = very often). Cronbach’s alpha for the scale
was .95.
Victimisation from physical intimate partner aggression was measured with an abbreviated
victim version of The Direct Indirect Aggression Scales for Adults (DIAS-Adult: Österman &
Björkqvist, 2009). The seven items were: “Has your present or a previous partner done any of
the following things to you?” (a) Hit you, (b) Locked you in, (c) Locked you out, (d) Shoved
you, (e) Thrown objects at you, (f) Intentionally damaged something that was yours, and (g)
Hit you with an object. The response alternatives were on a five-point scale (0 = never, 1 =
seldom, 2 = sometimes, 3 = often, 4 = very often). Cronbach’s alpha for the scale was .88.
Physical punishment during childhood was measured with The Brief Physical Punishment
Scale (BPPS: Österman, & Björkqvist, 2007). The items were: “When you were a child, did an
adult in your home do any of the following things to you?” (a) Pull your hair, (b) Pull your ear,
17

Magret Tsoahae

(c) Hit you with the hand, and (d) Hit you with an object. The response alternatives were on a
five-point scale (0 = never, 1 = seldom, 2 = sometimes, 3 = often, 4 = very often). Cronbach’s
alpha for the scale was .82.
Depression and anxiety were measured with six respectively five items from the Brief
Symptom Inventory (Derogatis & Melisaratos, 1983). Response alternatives were on a fivepoint scale (0 = not at all, 1 = a little, 2 = moderately, 3 = much, 4 = extremely much).
Cronbach’s alpha was .93 for both depression and anxiety.

2.3 Procedure
The data collection was conducted with an online questionnaire. The link was shared by email
or through social media with the respondents. The link was active from the 9th of September
2020 till the 27th of November 2020.

2.4 Ethical Considerations
The study is consistent with the principles concerning human research ethics of the Declaration
of Helsinki (World Medical Association, 2013), as well as it follows the guidelines for the
responsible conduct of research of The Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity (2012).

18

Magret Tsoahae

3. Results
3.1 Correlations between the Scales in the Study
For females, victimisation from physical punishment during childhood correlated significantly
with victimisation from controlling behaviours perpetrated by an intimate partner later in life
(Table 1). A tendency was also found for a significant positive correlation between
victimisation from physical punishment and intimate partner physical aggression.
Victimisation from physical punishment during childhood correlated positively with
depression and anxiety later in life. A high significant correlation was found between
victimisation from intimate partner physical aggression and controlling behaviours perpetrated
by the partner. Both controlling behaviours and physical aggression correlated significantly
with depression and anxiety.
For males, a tendency was found between physical punishment during childhood and
depression during adulthood, there was no association with anxiety (Table 1). A tendency was
also found between physical punishment and victimisation from controlling behaviours by a
female partner later in life. There was no association between physical punishment and
victimisation from intimate partner physical aggression. Victimisation from intimate partner
physical aggression correlated significantly with both depression and anxiety for men. For
victimisation from controlling behaviours a significant correlation was found with anxiety, for
depression only a tendency was found. For males, a high significant correlation was found
between victimisation from intimate partner physical aggression and controlling behaviours
perpetrated by their female partner. Anxiety and depression were highly correlated with each
other for both females and males.
Table 1
Correlations between the Scales in the Study, Females below the
Diagonal (N = 190), Males above (N = 33)
Scales

1.

1. Controlling Behaviours

2.
.65 ***

3.

4.

5.

.30 †

.40 †

.47 *

.12 ns

.59 ***

.63 ***

.33 †

.20 ns

2. Intimate Partner Physical Aggression

.70 ***

3. Physical Punishment

.24 ***

.15 †

4. Depression

.38 ***

.43 ***

.28 ***

5. Anxiety
.37 ***
*** p ≤ .001; ** p < .005; * p < .01, † < .10

.38 ***

.20 *

19

.86 ***
.84 ***

Magret Tsoahae

3.2 Differences Associated with High or Low Victimisation from Physical
Punishment during Childhood
A new variable was constructed based on z-scores of victimisations from physical punishment
during childhood. Respondents with values below the mean were assigned to the group of low
physical punishment, and respondents with values above the mean were assigned to the group
of high victimisations. A multivariate analysis of variance (MANOVA) was conducted with
physical punishment (high/low) as independent variables and victimisation from intimate
partner controlling behaviours, victimisation from intimate partner physical aggression,
depression, and anxiety as dependent variables. The multivariate test was significant (Table 2).
The univariate analyses showed that respondents belonging to the high physical punishment
group scored significantly higher than those from the low group on victimisation from
controlling behaviours, victimisation from physical aggression, depression, and anxiety (Figs.
1‒4).
Table 2
Results of a Multivariate Analysis of Variance (MANOVA) with Physical
Punishment (High/Low) as Independent Variables, and Four Dependent
Variables (N = 223)
p≤

ηp2

4, 218

.001

.106

12.99

1, 221

.001

.056

HI PP

7.12

“

.008

.031

HI PP

14.61

”

.001

.062

HI PP

4.56

”

.034

.020

HI PP

F

df

6.45

Group
with
higher
mean

Effect of Group (High/Low)
Multivariate Analysis
Univariate Analyses
Victimisation from Controlling
Behaviours
Victimisation from Physical
Aggression
Depression
Anxiety

Note. HI PP = High Physical Punishment Group

20

Magret Tsoahae

Fig. 1. Mean values on victimisation from intimate partner controlling behaviours for
respondents with a high respectively a low level of victimisation from physical
punishment during childhood (N = 223).

Fig. 2. Mean values on victimisation from intimate partner physical aggression for
respondents with a high respectively a low level of victimisation from physical
punishment during childhood (N = 223).

21

Magret Tsoahae

Fig. 3. Mean values on depression for respondents with a high respectively a low level
of victimisation from physical punishment during childhood (N = 223).

Fig. 4. Mean values on anxiety for respondents with a high respectively a low level of
victimisation from physical punishment during childhood (N = 223).

22

Magret Tsoahae

4. Discussion
4.1 Summary of the Results
This study provides evidence for early childhood physical punishment antecedents of
revictimisation as intimate partner aggression in adulthood. The current findings suggest
several factors in relation to the research aims.
Firstly, the study investigated whether victimisation from physical punishment during
childhood is correlated with victimisation from intimate partner controlling behaviours later in
life. Results indicated that female’s physical punishment during childhood increases the
likelihood of experiencing controlling behaviour in intimate partner relationships. In addition,
physical punishment in earlier life mediated for intimate partner physical aggression in
adulthood. The findings can be contextualized with the existing research which mentions that
women are more likely to be victims if there was physical aggression in the childhood family
(Kalmuss, 1984). One explanation provided for this occurrence may be related to the role social
norms play in behaviour. Behavioural scripts differ between the genders due to socialization.
Men are socialized to place more value on aggressive behaviour according to evolutionary
explanations (Anderson & Bushman, 2002; Straus, 1991). Therefore, in an environment that is
filled with aggression the male child is more likely to select violent scripts that represent his
gender norm. Contrarily, women do not acquire these scripts, which does not enable them to
practice this sort of behaviour often (Anderson & Bushman, 2002; Straus, 1991). Another
explanation for this is based on the authority in the household. Children are more likely to grow
up thinking that aggression is an appropriate behaviour based on who the perpetrator between
mother and father was (Kalmuss, 1984; Renner & Slack, 2006). In households where the father
is the common aggressor, both boys and girls have a high probability of becoming IPA
offenders (Kalmuss, 1984).
In contrast, the results indicated no link between physical punishment and victimisation
from intimate partner aggression for males. Although, there was a connection in physical
punishment and controlling behaviours. One explanation as to why men are not likely to be
victims of aggression but rather are subjected to controlling behaviour from their female partner
can be found in the gender aggression differences. As mentioned by Kalmuss (1984), both
males and females can be affected by witnessing IPA in the home environment while growing
up, perhaps females are not often acknowledged as perpetrators of IPA due to aggressive
behaviour more often being defined as physical. Most aggression research has stated that there
are gender differences between how men and women engage in aggression. More often because
23

Magret Tsoahae

females do not have the same physical advantage as men (Björkqvist, 1994), they tend to use
other methods (Karakurt & Silver, 2013). Alternative methods women use include
psychological strategies such as passive aggression. The purpose of these strategies is found
in humiliating or decreasing someone’s sense of self-worth without directly being involved.
This reduces the chances of being confronted with physical violence (Björkqvist, 1994). Often
indirect aggressive actions go unrecognised and are not labelled as aggressive, hence a female
perpetrator is more likely to go unnoticed (Björkqvist, 1994; Dutton, Nicholls, & Spidel, 2005).
However, there have been other studies that contradict the latter. As mentioned by Dutton et
al. (2005), men (69. 2%) and women (78.8%) had similar rates of psychological abuse.
Additionally, both genders had experienced similar amounts of physical abuse from the other
(men = 23.1% and women = 26.9%). This is indicative of the bidirectional nature of IPA in
which men can be victims as well (Dutton et al., 2005).
Secondly, the study also analysed whether respondents who have been victimised from
physical punishment demonstrated feelings of depression and anxiety. In terms of
psychological concomitants, the results pointed to an expected relationship between anxiety
and depression. An overall link between controlling behaviour, physical aggression, and
depression was found. This could be related to physical violence being the successor to
psychological abuse and how an extended duration of abuse increases the likelihood of mental
disorders (Moraes, Marques, Reichenheim, Ferreira, & Salles-Costa, 2016; Schneider, Baron,
Davies, Munodawafa & Lund, 2018). Additionally, the results also indicated that males who
had received physical punishment as children were more likely to experience depression. Other
studies had similar interpretations which mentioned the correlation between physical
punishment and mental conditions such as depression (Afifi et al., 2014). Later in adulthood,
men in violent relationships had also reported feeling depressed and anxious. Contrasting most
research which indicate females mainly reporting being depressed while in a violent
relationship (Afifi et al., 2014). Furthermore, controlling relationships brought about more
feelings of anxiety compared to depression. Perhaps this could be linked to the nature of control
and its general relationship with anxiety. Controlling behaviour is difficult to recognize and
victims are reluctant to disclose its occurrence in fear that others will not believe them.
Alongside childhood factors such as controlling parents could have a lasting effect on the
individual. Studies have shown that children who grew up with controlling parents can develop
behavioural responses in line with anxiety. In adulthood this can manifest as anticipation and
avoidance in reaction to similar controlling relationships. (Krantz & Vung, 2009; van der
Bruggen, Bögels, & van Zeilst, 2010). Men also reported that female partners used controlling
24

Magret Tsoahae

behaviour alongside aggression. A study on gender differences in depression and anxiety
among victims of intimate partner violence achieved similar results. The study mentions that
men who had been psychologically victimized in the relationship had feelings of anxiety and
depression. The relationship between control in IPA and depression may be explained by
considering shame, and how it may bring about feelings of hopelessness and worthlessness
(Shorey, Sherman, Kivisto, Elkins, Rhatigan, & Moore, 2010). South African men live in a
society that encourages male dominance; a controlling female partner may bring about feelings
of shame for them not living up to the social norm (Mantell et al., 2009; Shorey et al., 2010).

4.2 Limitations and Recommendations of the Study
This paper discussed an overview of physical punishment and intimate partner aggression in
relation to the role of revictimisation within the setting of South Africa. The sample in the study
included 190 females and 32 males, the limited male sample did not allow for more complex
statistical analysis to determine the interaction of male and female differences. Perhaps this is
due to intimate partner aggression in the South African context largely involving females as
victims. The study also analysed data from a general population sample using an online survey
which made it inaccessible for those in low- SES groups and other populations. Future research
should consider including age-cohorts, socio-economic levels, and educational backgrounds to
provide more evidence of these trends. The study also needs to take into consideration that
some environmental factors interact and influence each other, for example family dynamics
and socio-economic status. Additionally, adapting the method of data collection to reach
hidden populations. South Africa is a country with a wide array of cultures that speak many
languages. Although, English is the national working language, there are still populations that
are not fluent in English, thus would be unable to provide responses.
The focus of the study was conducted with retrospective reporting, and from the individual’s
personal perspective. Future studies would do well to address the differences between adults´
and children´s reports. A longitudinal study in this case is suggested to clarify the relation
between parental physical punishment beliefs and children’s accounts of physical punishment
over the years. A longitudinal study would allow for more accurate estimations to be recorded
in terms of revictimisation. The study also recommends the inclusion of sexual abuse or
harassment during childhood which are relevant in the context of South Africa and its genderbased violence issue. Sexual abuse is unquestionably happening in some of these settings and
as such the true nature is going unrecognized. Acknowledging sexual violence during
25

Magret Tsoahae

childhood may close some gaps in research information on revictimisation in the form of IPA
later in adulthood.

26

Magret Tsoahae

References
Abrahams, N., Jewkes, R., Martin, L. J., Mathews, S., Vetten, L., & Lombard, C. (2009).
Mortality of women from intimate Partner Violence in South Africa: A national
epidemiological study. Violence and Victims, 24, 546–556. doi:10.1891/08866708.24.4.546
Afifi, T. O., MacMillan, H. L., Boyle, M., Taillieu, T., Cheung, K., & Sareen, J. (2014).
Child abuse and mental disorders in Canada. Canadian Medical Association Journal, 186,
E324–E332. doi:10.1503/cmaj.131792
American Psychiatric Association. (2013). Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental
Disorders(5th ed.). American Psychiatric Publishing.
Anderson, C. A., & Bushman, B. J. (2002). Human aggression. Annual Review of
Psychology, 53, 27–51. doi:10.1146/annurev.psych.53.100901.135231
Anitha, S. (2019). Understanding economic abuse through an intersectional lens: Financial
abuse, control, and exploitation of women’s productive and reproductive labor. Violence
Against Women, 25, 1854–1877. doi:10.1177/1077801218824050
Baumrind, D., Larzelere, R. E., & Cowan, P. A. (2002). Ordinary physical punishment: Is it
harmful? Comment on Gershoff (2002). Psychological Bulletin, 128, 580–589.
doi:10.1037/0033-2909.128.4.580
Berkowitz, L. (1978). Is Criminal Violence Normative Behavior? Journal of Research in
Crime and Delinquency, 15, 148–161. doi:10.1177/002242787801500202
Björkqvist, K. (1994). Sex differences in physical, verbal, and indirect aggression: A review
of recent research. Sex Roles, 30, 177–188. doi:10.1007/bf01420988
Breen, A., Daniels, K., & Tomlinson, M. (2015). Children’s experiences of corporal
punishment: A qualitative study in an urban township of South Africa. Child Abuse &
Neglect, 48, 131–139. doi:10.1016/j.chiabu.2015.04.022
Brown, M. J., Perera, R. A., Masho, S. W., Mezuk, B., & Cohen, S. A. (2015). Adverse
childhood experiences and intimate partner aggression in the US: Sex differences and
similarities in psychosocial mediation. Social Science & Medicine, 131, 48–57.
doi:10.1016/j.socscimed.2015.02.044
Chester, D. S., & DeWall, C. N. (2018). Aggression is associated with greater subsequent
alcohol consumption: A shared neural basis in the ventral striatum. Aggressive Behavior,
44, 285–293. doi:10.1002/ab.21751
27

Magret Tsoahae

Choi, S., Yoo, J., Park, J., Lee, H.-Y., Tran, H. T. G., Lee, J.-K., & Oh, J. (2018).
Manifestations of socioeconomic status and its association with physical child
punishment– results from the multi-indicators cluster survey in Vietnam, 2006–2014.
Child Abuse & Neglect, 85, 1–8. doi:10.1016/j.chiabu.2018.08.022
Chung, G., Lanier, P., & Wong, P. Y. J. (2020). Mediating effects of parental stress on harsh
parenting and parent-child relationship during coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic in
Singapore. Journal of Family Violence, 1–3. doi:10.1007/s10896-020-00200-1
Council of Europe. (2007). Abolishing corporal punishment of children. Council of Europe
Publishing.
Darko, G., Björkqvist, K., & Österman, K. (2018). Low intensity intimate partner aggression
in Ghana: Support for the revised gender symmetry theory in an African country.
Aggressive Behavior, 45, 52–61. doi:10.1002/ab.21796
Dawes, A., De Sas Kropiwnicki, Z., Kafaar, Z., & Richter, L. (2005, June). Corporal
punishment of children: A South African national survey (No. 3456). Human Science
Research Council (Commissioned by Save the Children Sweden).
http://hdl.handle.net/20.500.11910/7142
Derogatis, L. R., & Melisaratos, N. (1983). The Brief Symptom Inventory: An introductory
report. Psychological Medicine, 13, 595–605. doi:10.1017/s0033291700048017
Devries, K. M., Mak, J. Y. T., García-Moreno, C., Petzold, M., Child, J. C., Falder, G., Lim,
S., Bacchus, L. J., Engell, R. E., Rosenfeld, L., Pallitto, C., Vos, T., Abrahams, N., &
Watts, C. H. (2013). The global prevalence of intimate partner violence against women.
Science, 340, 1527–1528. doi:10.1126/science.1240937
Dias, A., Sales, L., Mooren, T., Mota-Cardoso, R., & Kleber, R. (2017). Child maltreatment,
revictimization and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder among adults in a community sample.
International Journal of Clinical and Health Psychology, 17, 97–106.
doi:10.1016/j.ijchp.2017.03.003
Dutton, D. G., Nicholls, T. L., & Spidel, A. (2005). Female perpetrators of intimate abuse.
Journal of Offender Rehabilitation, 41, 1–31. doi:10.1300/j076v41n04_01
Eller, J., Marshall, E. M., Rholes, W. S., Vieth, G., & Simpson, J. A. (2019). Partner
predictors of marital aggression across the transition to parenthood: An I3 approach.
Journal of Social and Personal Relationships, 36, 1491–1508.
doi:10.1177/0265407518809538

28

Magret Tsoahae

Ennew, J., & Pierre Plateau, D. (2004). How to research the physical and emotional
punishment of
children.https://resourcecentre.savethechildren.net/sites/default/files/documents/3207.pdf
Finnish Advisory Board on Research Integrity. (2012). Responsible conduct in research and
procedures for handling allegations of misconduct in Finland. www.tenk.fi.
Www.Tenk.Fi. https://tenk.fi/sites/tenk.fi/files/HTK_ohje_2012.pdf
Frade, S., & De Wet-Billings, N. (2019). The relationship between women’s experience of
intimate partner violence and other socio-demographic factors, and under-5 children’s
health in South Africa. PLOS ONE, 14, e0225412. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0225412
Gass, J. D., Stein, D. J., Williams, D. R., & Seedat, S. (2010). Gender differences in risk for
intimate partner violence among South African adults. Journal of Interpersonal Violence,
26, 2764–2789. doi:10.1177/0886260510390960
Geen, R. G. (1998). Processes and personal variables in affective aggression. Human
Aggression, 1–21. doi:10.1016/b978-012278805-5/50002-x
Gershoff, E. T. (2002). Corporal punishment by parents and associated child behaviors and
experiences: A meta-analytic and theoretical review. Psychological Bulletin, 128, 539–
579. doi:10.1037/0033-2909.128.4.539
Global initiative to end all corporal punishment of children. (2020, July). Corporal
punishment of children in South Africa. https://endcorporalpunishment.org/reports-onevery-state-and-territory/south-africa/
Goldberg, A. E., & Blaauw, E. (2019). Parental substance use disorder and child abuse: risk
factors for child maltreatment? Psychiatry, Psychology and Law, 26, 959–969.
doi:10.1080/13218719.2019.1664277
Graham-Kevan, N., & Archer, J. (2005). Investigating three explanations of women’s
relationship aggression. Psychology of Women Quarterly, 29, 270–277.
doi:10.1111/j.1471-6402.2005.00221.x
Graham-Kevan, N., Brooks, M., Willan, V. J., Lowe, M., Robinson, P., Khan, R., Stokes, R.,
Irving, M., Karwacka, M., & Bryce, J. (2015). Repeat victimisation, retraumatisation and
victim vulnerability. The Open Criminology Journal, 8, 36–48.
doi:10.2174/1874917801508010036
Hambrick, E. P., Brawner, T. W., Perry, B. D., Brandt, K., Hofmeister, C., & Collins, J. O.
(2019). Beyond the ACE score: Examining relationships between timing of developmental
adversity, relational health, and developmental outcomes in children. Archives of
Psychiatric Nursing, 33, 238–247. doi:10.1016/j.apnu.2018.11.001
29

Magret Tsoahae

Ho, G. W. K., Chan, A. C. Y., Shevlin, M., Karatzias, T., Chan, P. S., & Leung, D. (2019).
Childhood adversity, resilience, and mental health: A sequential mixed-methods study of
Chinese young adults. Journal of Interpersonal Violence,.
doi:10.1177/0886260519876034
Jaghoory, H., Björkqvist, K., & Österman, K. (2015). Extreme physical punishment by
teachers and its associations with aggression and victimization at school: A study among
young adolescents in Iran. Pediatrics & Therapeutics, 5, 2–5. doi:10.4172/21610665.1000228
Jouriles, E. N., & McDonald, R. (2014). Intimate partner violence, coercive control, and child
adjustment problems. Journal of Interpersonal Violence, 30, 459–474.
doi.org/10.1177/0886260514535099
Kalmuss, D. (1984). The intergenerational transmission of marital aggression. Journal of
Marriage and the Family, 46, 11‒19. doi:10.2307/351858
Karakurt, G., & Silver, K. E. (2013). Emotional abuse in intimate relationships: The role of
gender and age. Violence and Victims, 28, 804–821. doi:10.1891/0886-6708.vv-d-1200041
Killingray, D. (1994). The ‘Rod of Empire’: The debate over corporal punishment in the
British African colonial forces, 1888–1946. The Journal of African History, 35, 201–216.
doi:10.1017/s0021853700026396
Knox, M. (2020). Physical punishment and child maltreatment. Clinician’s Toolkit for
Children’s Behavioral Health, 199–217. doi:10.1016/b978-0-12-816024-4.00009-7
Krantz, G., & Vung, N. D. (2009). The role of controlling behaviour in intimate partner
violence and its health effects: A population based study from rural Vietnam. BMC Public
Health, 9, 1–2. doi:10.1186/1471-2458-9-143
Krug, E. G., Dahlberg, L. L., Mercy, J. A., & Zwi, A. B. (Eds.). (2002). World report on
violence and health. World Health Organisation.
Mantell, J. E., Needham, S. L., Smit, J. A., Hoffman, S., Cebekhulu, Q., Adams‐Skinner, J.,
Exner, T. M., Mabude, Z., Beksinska, M., Stein, Z. A., & Milford, C. (2009). Gender
norms in South Africa: Implications for HIV and pregnancy prevention among African
and Indian women students at a South African tertiary institution. Culture, Health &
Sexuality, 11, 139–157. doi:10.1080/13691050802521155
Merrell, K. W., Buchanan, R., & Tran, O. K. (2006). Relational aggression in children and
adolescents: A review with implications for school settings. Psychology in the Schools, 43,
345–360. doi:10.1002/pits.20145
30

Magret Tsoahae

Messman-Moore, T. L., Walsh, K. L., & DiLillo, D. (2010). Emotion dysregulation and risky
sexual behavior in revictimization. Child Abuse & Neglect, 34, 967–976.
doi:10.1016/j.chiabu.2010.06.004
Midgley, J. O. (1982). Corporal punishment and penal policy: Notes on the continued use of
corporal punishment with reference to South Africa. The Journal of Criminal Law and
Criminology, 73, 388‒403. doi:/10.2307/1143037
Mogale, R. S., Burns, K. K., & Richter, S. (2012). Violence against women in South Africa.
Violence Against Women, 18, 580–594. doi.org/10.1177/1077801212453430
Moraes, C. L., Marques, E. S., Reichenheim, M. E., Ferreira, M. F., & Salles-Costa, R.
(2016). Intimate partner violence, common mental disorders and household food
insecurity: An analysis using path analysis. Public Health Nutrition, 19, 2965–2974.
doi:10.1017/s1368980016001178
Morrell, R. (2001). Corporal punishment and masculinity in South African schools. Men and
Masculinities, 4, 140–157. doi.org/10.1177/1097184x01004002003
Muchane, G. (2011, December). Experiences of women victimized by domestic violence in
Kenya. Bachelor´s Thesis, Jyväskylä University of Applied Sciences, Finland.
https://www.theseus.fi/bitstream/handle/10024/47395/Muchane_Grace.pdf?sequence=1
Naong, M. (2007). The impact of the abolition of corporal punishment on teacher
morale:1994–2004. South African Journal of Education, 27, 283–300.
https://www.ajol.info/index.php/saje/article/view/44143
Nisar Ul Haq, M., Ullah, O., & Nisar, M. (2019). Impact of corporal punishment on the
students drop out at primary level. Global Regional Review, IV, 473–479.
doi:10.31703/grr.2019(iv-i).51
Ortiz-Ospina, E. (2017, October 24). Violence against children and children’s rights.
https://ourworldindata.org/violence-against-rights-for-children#citation
Österman, K., & Björkqvist, K. (2007). Brief Physical Punishment Scale (BPPS). Vasa,
Finland: Åbo Akademi University.
Österman, K., & Björkqvist, K. (2009). Direct Indirect Aggression Scales for Adults (DIASAdult). Vasa, Finland: Åbo Akademi University.
Österman, K., Björkqvist, K., & Wahlbeck, K. (2014). Twenty-eight years after the complete
ban on the physical punishment of children in Finland: Trends and psychosocial
concomitants. Aggressive Behavior, 40, 568–581. doi:10.1002/ab.21537
Pasche, S., & Myers, B. (2012). Substance misuse trends in South Africa. Human
Psychopharmacology: Clinical and Experimental, 27, 338–341. doi:/10.1002/hup.2228
31

Magret Tsoahae

Patock-Peckham, J. A., Ebbert, A. M., Woo, J., Finch, H., Broussard, M. L., Ulloa, E., &
Moses, J. F. (2020). Winning at all costs: The etiology of hyper competitiveness through
the indirect influences of parental bonds on anger and verbal/physical aggression.
Personality and Individual Differences, 154, 109711. doi:10.1016/j.paid.2019.109711
Pizzirani, B., Karantzas, G. C., Roisman, G. I., & Simpson, J. A. (2020). Early childhood
antecedents of dehumanization perpetration in adult romantic relationships. Social
Psychological and Personality Science. doi:10.1177/1948550620974892
Powell, K. M., Rahm-Knigge, R. L., & Conner, B. T. (2020). Resilience Protective Factors
Checklist (RPFC): Buffering childhood adversity and promoting positive outcomes.
Psychological Reports. doi:10.1177/0033294120950288
Renner, L. M., & Slack, K. S. (2006). Intimate partner violence and child maltreatment:
Understanding intra- and intergenerational connections. Child Abuse & Neglect, 30, 599–
617. doi:10.1016/j.chiabu.2005.12.005
Sanapo, M. S., & Nakamura, Y. (2010). Gender and physical punishment: The filipino
children’s experience. Child Abuse Review, 20, 39–56. doi:10.1002/car.1148
Schneider, M., Baron, E., Davies, T., Munodawafa, M., & Lund, C. (2018). Patterns of
intimate partner violence among perinatal women with depression symptoms in
Khayelitsha, South Africa: a longitudinal analysis. Global Mental Health, 5, 1–11.
doi:10.1017/gmh.2018.1
Schönteich, M., & Louw, A. (2001, April). Crime in South Africa: A country and cities
profile (No. 49). Institute for Security Studies Africa.
https://issafrica.s3.amazonaws.com/site/uploads/paper49.pdf
Shorey, R. C., Sherman, A. E., Kivisto, A. J., Elkins, S. R., Rhatigan, D. L., & Moore, T. M.
(2010). Gender differences in depression and anxiety among victims of intimate partner
violence: The moderating effect of shame proneness. Journal of Interpersonal Violence,
26, 1834–1850. doi:10.1177/0886260510372949
Straus, M. A. (1991). Discipline and deviance: Physical punishment of children and violence
and other crime in adulthood. Social Problems, 38, 133–154. doi:10.2307/800524
Transforming our world: the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development (A/RES/70/1).
(2015, October). UN General Assembly.
https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/content/documents/21252030%20Agenda%20for%
20Sustainable%20Development%20web.pdf

32

Magret Tsoahae

United Nations Economic and Social Council. (2020, April). Progress towards sustainable
development goals: Report of the Secretary General (E/2020/57). United Nations.
https://undocs.org/en/E/2020/57
United Nations Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on Violence
against Children. (2016). Tackling violence in schools. UN.
van der Bruggen, C. O., Bögels, S. M., & van Zeilst, N. (2010). What influences parental
controlling behaviour? The role of parent and child trait anxiety. Cognition & Emotion,
24, 141–149. doi:10.1080/02699930802618843
Veriava, F., Hodgson, T. F., & Thom, A. (2017). Basic Education Rights Handbook.
SECTION27.
World Medical Association Declaration of Helsinki. (2013). JAMA, 310, 2191.
doi:10.1001/jama.2013.281053
Yamasaki, K., & Nishida, N. (2009). The relationship between three types of aggression and
peer relations in elementary school children. International Journal of Psychology, 44,
179–186. doi:10.1080/00207590701656770

33

Appendix

An Investigation on Exposure to Different Types of Aggression in South Africa
Only for people who either has or has previously had an intimate partner.
This study measures the extent to which you have been exposed to different types of
aggression during your childhood and adulthood. The questionnaire is completely
confidential, do not write your name anywhere. It is hoped that the study will bring a deeper
awareness and understanding of this sensitive subject in. Filling in this questionnaire only
takes a few minutes. The study is conducted by Developmental Psychology at Åbo Akademi
University Vasa, Finland.
Thank you for participating!
Magret Tsoahae
Are you

___ A woman

___ A man

___ Other?

How old are you (numbers only)? __________________years
What is your marital status?
Single
In a cohabiting relationship
Married
Widowed
Other
What is your education? ________________________

34

Magret Tsoahae

Childhood
Please think about your childhood and answer the following questions by circling the right
alternative.
1. When you were a child, did an adult in your home do any of the following things to you?
Circle what comes closest to your experience.
never seldom some- often very
Did an adult

times

often

a) Pull your hair

0

1

2

3

4

b) Pull your ear

0

1

2

3

4

c) Hit you with the hand

0

1

2

3

4

d) Hit you with an object 0

1

2

3

4

Adulthood
2. Have you ever experienced any of the following behaviours from a partner?
Has your partner …

never seldom some- often very
times

a) Limited the amount of activities you can

often

0

1

2

3

4

0

1

2

3

4

0

1

2

3

4

0

1

2

3

4

0

1

2

3

4

0

1

2

3

4

0

2

3

4

5

engage in outside the relationship?
b) Restricted the time you spend with your own
friends and/or family?
c) Wanted to know everywhere you go and with
whom you speak?
d) Been jealous of you and therefore monitored
your activities?
e) Not let you use money that belongs to both of
you?
f)

Disapproved of you working or studying?

g) Decided how you should dress?
35

Magret Tsoahae

3. Has your present or a previous partner done any of the following things to you?
never seldom some- often very
times

often

a) Hit you

0

1

2

3

4

b) Locked you in

0

1

2

3

4

c) Locked you out

0

1

2

3

4

d) Shoved you

0

1

2

3

4

e) Thrown objects at you

0

1

2

3

4

f) Intentionally damaged something that was yours 0

1

2

3

4

g) Hit you with an object

1

2

3

4

0

4. Below is a list of problems and complaints that people sometimes have.
Please indicate the number that comes closest to how you feel today.
0 = not at all, 1 = a little, 2 = moderately, 3 = much, 4 = extremely much
a)

Feeling blue

0 1 2 3 4

b)

Feeling lonely

0 1 2 3 4

c)

Feeling of worthlessness

0 1 2 3 4

d)

Feeling no interest in things

0 1 2 3 4

e)

Feeling hopeless about the future

0 1 2 3 4

f)

Thoughts of ending your life

0 1 2 3 4

g)

Feeling fearful

0 1 2 3 4

h)

Nervousness or shakiness inside

0 1 2 3 4

i)

Trouble concentraiting

0 1 2 3 4

j)

Suddenly scared for no reason

0 1 2 3 4

k)

Feeling so restless you could not sit still 0 1 2 3 4

l)

Spells of terror or panic

0 1 2 3 4

36

