REDUCING CARBON DIOXIDE EMISSIONS
FROM DISTRICT HEATING IN FINLAND BY
IMPLEMENTING MODULAR NUCLEAR
REACTORS – A LCA STUDY OF SMRs
Alex Back

Master’s thesis
Supervisors: Prof. Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho
Examinator: Prof. Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho
Energy Technology, Vasa
Study programme in Chemical Engineering
Faculty of Science and Engineering
Åbo Akademi University
May 28, 2021

ABSTRAKT
Ett av de största problemen som mänskligheten har för tillfället är hur koldioxidutsläppen ska
minskas utan att minska energiproduktionen. Ett av de mest populära lösningsförslagen är att
öka andelen förnybara källor. Dessa förnybara källor måste dock ha något slags reservkälla
för tider när förnybara energiproduktionsätt inte fungerar optimalt. De lokala fjärrvärmenäten
i Finland består av en eller flera kraftvärmeverk (CHP) som producera både fjärrvärme och
elektricitet. Dessa anläggningar drivs med inhemska trädbränslen och torv eller i vissa fall med
importerade fossila bränslen som kol eller naturgas. Många fjärrvärmeanläggningar står
således framför en utmaning att sänka sina koldioxidutsläpp.
Syftet med detta examensarbete är att undersöka hur små modulära kärnreaktorer (SMR)
skulle påverka koldioxidutsläppen från kraftvärmeproduktionen i Finland. De specifika
utsläppen från SMR och vanliga kärnkraftverk jämförs även med varandra för att se om det
finns stora skillnader.
Som metod valdes LCA med fokus på indirekta CO2 utsläpp från de material som behövs för
att bygga och driva ett kärnkraftverk. Analysen förenklades genom att samla in och jämföra
data använd i tidigare LCA analyser, gjorda för konventionella kärnkraft samt data som
hittades för bygget vid Olkiluoto och sedan tillämpa mest relevant data för livscykelanalyserna
Kraftvärmeverkens CO2 utsläpp uppskattades på basen av de bränslen som utnyttjades för
elektricitet och fjärrvärmeproduktionen. Alla utsläpp allokerades på den värme och el som
såldes till slutanvändaren.
Resultatet visar att de specifika koldioxidutsläppen från kärnkraftverken är mycket lägre än
koldioxidutsläppen från kraftvärmeanläggningarna och fjärrvärmeföretagen. Detta pekar på
att SMR är ett möjligt alternativ för att minska koldioxidutsläppen i kraftvärmeproduktion.
Resultaten för kärnkraftreaktorerna pekar på att SMR har marginellt mindre specifika
koldioxidutsläpp än den konventionella kärnkraftreaktorn.
För att utveckla studien som gjordes i detta arbete kunde investeringskostnader för bygget av
SMR tas i beaktande. Ett problem som även bör beaktas är det ökade radioaktiva avfallet som
ökningen av kärnkraft för med sig. Även data för kärnkraftsbränslekedjan borde uppdateras
och möjligheten till kolneutralitet borde beaktas i framtiden om fordonen och maskinerna som
används blir mera effektiva och eldrivna. LCA kunde även utföras för olika bränsledrivna
CHP-anläggningar för att jämföra CHP-anläggningarna och kärnkraftsanläggningar på ett mer
ändamålsenligt sätt.

Nyckelord: Livscykelanalys, små modulära reaktorer, kraftvärmeverk,
koldioxidutsläpp, kärnkraftverk

ABSTRACT
One of humanities biggest problem that is in dire need of a solution is how to make sure that
the energy demand can be met without a rise in carbon dioxide emissions. Several solutions
have been proposed how to solve this problem, with renewable energy sources being one of
the more popular solutions. Renewable sources need a backup source, for conditions in which
they cannot produce energy. The local district heating network in Finland is made up of one
or more combined heat and power (CHP) plants that produce both district heating and
electricity. These power plants mainly use domestic wood fuels and peat. In some cases,
imported fossil fuels, such as coal and natural gas is used as an energy source. Due to this,
many CHP plants face a challenge in lowering their carbon dioxide emissions.
The goal of this thesis is to investigate how small modular reactors (SMR) would affect the
carbon dioxide emissions released by the CHP plants in Finland. The specific carbon dioxide
emissions between an SMR and a conventional nuclear power plant are also compared, to see
if there is a big difference between them. This is done by carrying out a LCA on the different
indirect carbon dioxide emissions that are released from the materials that are needed to build
the nuclear power plants as well as the emissions that are released from processes necessary
to operate the plants. The analysis was simplified by gathering and comparing data used in
previous LCAs done for conventional nuclear power plants and using data that was found for
the Olkiluoto-3 construction.
The CHP plant CO2 emissions were calculated with data on how different fuels were used in
the power plants. The specific emission factor was calculated by considering how much district
heating and electricity was sold the end customer.
The results of this thesis show that the specific emissions for the nuclear power plants are
significantly lower when compared to the current CHP plants in Finland, meaning that using
SMRs for cogeneration would make it possible to lower the carbon dioxide emissions. The
results for the different nuclear reactor types point to SMRs having marginally smaller carbon
dioxide emissions compared to the conventional nuclear power plant.
For further studies the writer of this thesis recommends that life cycle analyses for CHP plants
should be calculated in order to make the comparison of the different power plants fairer. The
cost of building and operating SMRs should also be studied further, as well as the problems
that might arise from the increased nuclear waste amounts. For the nuclear fuel chain, newer
data could also be calculated and estimates on how the emissions from the whole process
would change if the vehicles and machinery used would be replaced with more efficient and
possibly fully electric counterparts in the future.

Key words: Lifecycle analysis, small modular reactors, combined heat and power
plants, nuclear power plants

Contents
ABSTRAKT ................................................................................................................. 2
ABSTRACT ................................................................................................................. 3
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ......................................................................................... 6
LIST OF SYMBOLS AND ABBREVIATIONS ......................................................... 7
1 INTRODUCTION ..................................................................................................... 8
2 THEORY ................................................................................................................. 11
2.1 AN INTRODUCTION TO NUCLEAR HISTORY .................................... 12
2.1.1
DEVELOPMENT OF THE NUCLEAR REACTOR .......................... 16
2.2 NUCLEAR REACTOR BASICS ................................................................ 19
2.2.1
PRESSURIZED WATER REACTOR ................................................. 19
2.2.2

BOILING WATER REACTOR ........................................................... 20

2.2.3

PRESSURIZED HEAVY WATER REACTOR .................................. 22

2.2.4

ADVANCED GAS-COOLED REACTOR ......................................... 23

2.3 NUCLEAR POWER PLANT BASICS....................................................... 24
2.3.1
NUCLEAR FUEL ................................................................................ 25
2.3.2

NUCLEAR FISSION AND MODERATORS ..................................... 27

2.3.3

STEAM GENERATOR ....................................................................... 29

2.3.4

STEAM TURBINE .............................................................................. 32

2.4 URANIUM MINING .................................................................................. 36
2.4.1
OPEN PIT MINING ............................................................................. 37
2.4.2

UNDERGROUND MINING ............................................................... 38

2.4.3

IN SITU LEACH(ISL) MINING ......................................................... 40

2.5 URANIUM PROCESSING ......................................................................... 41
2.5.1
MILLING AND CRUSHING .............................................................. 42
2.5.2

ORE BENEFICIATION....................................................................... 43

2.5.3

URANIUM EXTRACTION AND PURIFICATION .......................... 44

2.5.4

CONVERSION .................................................................................... 47

2.5.5

ENRICHMENT .................................................................................... 50

2.5.6
CONVERSION OF ENRICHED URANIUM HEXAFLUORIDE INTO
URANIUM DIOXIDE ....................................................................................... 54
2.5.7

FUEL PELLET PRODUCTION .......................................................... 57

2.5.8

BURNABLE ABSORBERS ................................................................ 58

2.5.9

FUEL ROD FABRICATION ............................................................... 59

2.5.10

SPENT FUEL STORAGE AND DISPOSAL...................................... 60

2.6 SMALL MODULAR REACTORS ............................................................. 61
2.6.1
ADVANTAGES OF SMRs.................................................................. 62
2.6.2

SMR CHALLENGES .......................................................................... 63

2.6.3

SMR SAFETY ..................................................................................... 66

2.6.4

SMR COGENERATION ..................................................................... 70

2.7 LIFE CYCLE ANALYSIS .......................................................................... 74
2.8 COMBINED HEAT AND POWER PLANTS............................................ 76
3 MATERIAL AND METHODS .............................................................................. 78
3.1 OLKILUOTO-3 ........................................................................................... 78
3.2 WESTINGHOUSE SMR............................................................................. 84
3.3 COMBINED HEAT AND POWER PLANTS............................................ 85
4 RESULTS ................................................................................................................ 88
5 DISCUSSION ......................................................................................................... 90
6 CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS .................................................. 93
SVENSK SAMMANFATTNING ............................................................................. 94
REFERENCES ........................................................................................................... 97
APPENDICES .......................................................................................................... 101

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I would like to thank my supervisor Prof. Margareta Björklund-Sänkiaho, who made
suggestions and helped me find data and helped me when I got stuck in the writing
process.
Many thanks to my family and friends, who gave my other things to think about
during times when I was not working on this thesis.

LIST OF SYMBOLS AND ABBREVIATIONS
ABWR

advanced boiling water reactor

ADU

ammonium diurante route

AGR

Advanced gas-cooled reactor

AUC

ammonium uranyl carbonate

BWR

boiling water reactor

CHP

combined heat and power

EPZ

emergency planning zones

IAEA

International Atomic Energy Agency

IDR

integrated dry route

iPWR

integral pressurized water reactor

ISL

in situ leach

LCA

life cycle analysis

LOCA

loss-of-coolant accident

NPP

Nuclear power plant

NSSS

nuclear steam supply system

OTSG

once-through steam generator

PHWR

Pressurized Heavy Water Reactor

PRA

probabilistic risk assessment

PWR

pressurized water reactor

SG

steam generator

SMR

small modular reactor

UOC

uranium ore concentrate

1 INTRODUCTION
As the Earth’s population keeps rising, so does the energy demand and the carbon
dioxide emissions. One of the biggest problems that is in dire need of a solution is
how to make sure that the energy demand can be met without a rise in carbon dioxide
emissions. Several solutions have been proposed with the most popular being the
increase in the share of renewable energy sources in energy production. Solar-, windand bioenergy are used to replace fossil fuels in the energy production sector. The
biggest problem related to solar- and wind power is the availability of energy. If
there is no wind or it is a cloudy day, windmills and solar cells cannot produce their
max output, or in the worst case, no power at all. This can be solved by using energy
storage technologies during times when the renewable energy sources produce more
energy than is needed by the grid. This method is not without limitations, as today
the energy density of batteries is quite low and is expected to rise steadily in the
future. Storing energy is also a short-term solution and due to the limitations of the
storage capacity in the batteries, this cannot be relied upon during times when wind
and sunshine are not available in a usable scale, e.g. during long and powerful
storms.
Another solution to this problem is increasing the use of nuclear power. Nuclear
power plants produce no carbon dioxide emissions during power generation. The
carbon dioxide emissions linked to nuclear power are created during different stages
of the power plant’s lifecycle, with the fuel manufacturing and mining process being
the largest contributors. The carbon dioxide emissions created during construction
and decommissioning of the power plant are distributed to the whole lifecycle of the
powerplant, meaning the longer a nuclear power plant can be used, the smaller the
specific emissions for said power plant will be.
Small modular reactors (SMRs) are not a new technology. SMRs have been made
since the beginning of the nuclear power development and have been mainly used by
the militaries of the USA and Soviet Union, with the US military being a pioneer in
using the technology. Due to the possibility to make SMRs portable or mobile as
well as the long refueling cycle and relatively small amount of fuel needed compared
to other power generation methods, the militaries in question saw the potential of the

SMRs, and many different types of reactors were created. These SMRs were mostly
used to power remote military outposts, submarines and surface ships. These reactors
were also used to create district heating, and in some cases, they were also used for
desalinization.
Small modular reactors have many benefits compared to conventional nuclear
reactors. The most important benefit is the modularity of the reactors which gives the
possibility to add reactors to power plants easily if there is a need to increase the
power output of the plant. This modularity also makes it possible to construct the
reactors in factories and provides the possibility to standardize the reactors which, in
turn, will make it possible to keep costs lower compared to the conventional reactors.
Other benefits that come with the ability to standardize SMRs is the ability to make
the reactors more reliable and safer compared to large scale reactors. When the
reactors are built in the same way multiple times, it will become easier to detect
factors that might cause a decrease in the safety of the reactor. The size of the SMRs
also means that the reactors can be safer compared to large reactors, as the fuel
amount used in SMRs is lower compared to conventional reactors. Due to the
possibility to use less fuel in the SMRs, the damage and pollution that can occur
during a catastrophic disaster will be lower compared to large reactors. This, in turn,
provides the possibility to decrease the size of the evacuation and safety zones,
meaning reactors can be built closer to cities and settlements, with the possibility to
utilize the heat from the reactor for district heating. The low power output of SMRs
also means that cooling the reactors can be done more easily. The power output of
SMRs is usually between 10 and 300 MWe.
The goal of this thesis is to make calculations for the specific carbon dioxide
emissions for the biggest CHP plants and district heating companies in Finland and
to compare the results to LCAs done for an SMR and a conventional NPP, in order to
see where it could be feasible to replace CHP plants in the future with nuclear
counterparts in order to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. The CHP plants and
district heating companies chosen for this thesis all use at least 700 GWh of fuels for
district heating and electricity cogeneration. For the independent CHP plants, the
efficiency for the net energy sold to the district heating companies compared to fuel
utilization for the energy produced was also calculated. LCAs were done for the

nuclear reactors as the emissions from nuclear power generation are zero. The
lifecycle analyses consider the carbon dioxide emissions created during construction
of the power plants, the nuclear fuel chain as well as the commute emissions from
construction worker and plant operators. The LCAs are compared to one another to
see if there is a big difference in the specific emissions for the different nuclear
options. Due to small modular reactors being a technology that has had a new rise of
interest, data about emissions from these reactors might be somewhat inaccurate. For
the SMR part, the Westinghouse SMR was chosen due to the available data for the
reactor as well as the high-power output of the reactor. For the conventional NPP, the
new reactor at Olkiluoto was chosen, seeing as it will be the most modern reactor in
Finland once it is completed. Data for the SMR and NPP were retrieved from
different LCAs published in scientific articles as well as different reports available
from different organizations. The data used for CHP-plant calculations are from the
district heating statistics for the year 2019.

2 THEORY
This section aims to give the reader of this thesis a basic understanding of how the
nuclear reactor works. The section starts with looking back at the history of how the
field of nuclear technology started and what lead to the harnessing of nuclear energy
to generate useful forms of electricity and what the early reactors have been used for.
This chapter will also explain the biggest differences between a small modular
reactor and a conventional nuclear reactor (LR, as well as what merits and possible
drawbacks an SMR might have compared to a LR. Furthermore, this chapter will
also briefly go through different types of nuclear reactors and the safety
improvements that are associated with SMR will also be explained in this thesis.
Lastly this chapter will also explain where the CO2 emissions that are associated with
nuclear power plants (NPP) by going through the different parts of the life cycle of
an NPP. This thesis will also explain what a CHP plant is, what they are used for and
how they work briefly.

2.1
2.1

AN INTRODUCTION TO NUCLEAR HISTORY

Nuclear technology is considered to have started in 1789, with the discovery of a
new element by the German chemist Martin Klaproth, which he named uranium after
the planet Uranus. After the discovery of uranium, it took nearly one hundred years
before a use for the element was discovered. This discovery led to the creation of a
new field of technology. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
Nuclear technology can be defined as engineering solutions that are based on
radiation and nuclear reactions. Some purposes that nuclear energy can be used for
are electricity generation, thermal energy generation for the population or industry,
as well as propulsion energy for different vehicles, mostly for military vehicles and
in some cases for civilian vehicles, such as submarines and surface vessels. In
general, nuclear technology has three main directions that are being developed by
most countries. These directions are nuclear weapons, nuclear energy and, finally,
non-power applications such as the medical field. (Khan & Nakhabov, 2020)
The nuclear energy field started in 1895, when Wilhelm Roentgen discovered a new
type of radiation that he named X-rays. Roentgen discovered that passing an electric
current through an evacuated glass tube produced a continuous ionizing radiation.
(World Nuclear Association, 2021) This discovery was the spark that led to the start
of a field that today uses nuclear technology to generate energy. (Khan & Nakhabov,
2020) A year later, in 1896, Henri Becquerel discovered that an ore which contains
radium and uranium, called pitchblende, caused a photographic plate to darken.
Becquerel went on to prove that this was caused by beta radiation and alpha particles
emitted by the ore. (World Nuclear Association, 2021) Beta radiation is caused by
high-energy and high-speed electrons that are released during radioactive decay.
(Australian Radiation Protection and Nuclear Safety Agency, 2020) Alpha particles
are particles that consist of two protons and two neutrons that are tightly bound
together and, like beta radiation, are released during nuclear decay. (Australian
Radiation Protection and Nuclear Safety Agency, 2020) Later Henry Villard
discovered that pitchblende also emitted a third type of radiation that was named
gamma rays. Gamma rays are very similar to X-rays. This phenomenon was given
the name radioactivity by Pierre and Marie Curie. The Curies also managed to
extract polonium and radium from pitchblende ore in 1898. Radium would later be

used in different medical treatments and Samuel Prescott proved that radiation could
be used to kill bacteria in food. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
Scientists started to understand the reason behind radioactivity. Ernest Rutherford
discovered that radioactivity was a spontaneous event that emits an alpha or beta
particle from the nucleus and that this process creates a different element. Rutherford
would go on to achieve a better understanding of atoms in 1919, when he fired alpha
particles from a source of radium into nitrogen and noticed that a nuclear
rearrangement was occurring, forming oxygen. In 1911, Frederick Soddy discovered
that naturally radioactive elements had a different number of isotopes. In the same
year, George de Hevesy proved that radionuclides could be used as tracers, as small
amounts could be detected with simple equipment. (World Nuclear Association,
2021)
According to the World Nuclear Association (2020), the neutron was discovered in
1932 by James Chadwick. In the same year, nuclear transformation was achieved by
Cockcroft and Walton, who bombarded atoms with accelerated protons. A few years
later, in 1934, Irene Curie and Frederic Joliot discovered that it was possible to create
artificial radionuclides by using the methods that Cockcroft and Walton had used
earlier. Enrico Fermi noticed that if neutrons were used instead of protons, it was
possible to create a broader variety of artificial radionuclides. Fermi was able to
create heavier elements from his test material and succeeded in creating lighter
elements by using uranium as the bombarded material. The lighter materials that
were produced from uranium were shown in 1938 to be barium and other materials
that were around half the mass of uranium. This discovery, made by Otto Hahn and
Fritz Strassmann, showed that atomic fission had occurred during the experiments
with uranium. The scientists Lise Meitner and Otto Frisch, both of whom worked
under Niels Bohr, explained that atomic fission occurred due to the neutron being
captured by the nucleus, which causes vibration that leads to the nucleus splitting
into two parts that were not exactly equal in weight. Meitner and Frisch calculated
that the energy that was released during atomic fission was around 200 million
electron volts. In an experiment in 1939, Frisch proved that the calculations were
correct. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
The discovery of atomic fission led to an increase in activity in many laboratories

around the world. Hahn and Strassmann showed that fission releases neutrons and
theorized that it could be possible for the release of these neutrons to create a selfsustaining chain reaction that could lead to the release of an enormous amount of
energy. This theory was proved by experiments done by Joliot and his coworkers in
Paris, and by Leo Szilard who worked with Fermi in New York. Nils Bohr proposed
soon afterwards that it could be possible that the isotope uranium-235 was more
efficient than uranium-238 to be used in fission. He also proposed the theory that
slow-moving neutrons could be more effective than fast neutrons for use in fission.
The later theory was confirmed by Szilard and Fermi, who also suggested that a
‘moderator’ could be used to slow down the neutrons that were emitted during
fission. These ideas were further extended by Bohr and Wheeler in a paper that
would become known as the classical analysis of the fission process. This paper was
released two days before the beginning of the Second World War. (World Nuclear
Association, 2021)
One of the greater challenges at this point was the availability of U-235. Natural
uranium ore contains 99.3% U-238 and only 0.7% U-235. Because the isotopes have
similar chemical properties, there were some difficulties with separating the two
isotopes into their own elements. There were some differences in the physical
properties of the isotopes, and by exploiting these differences, it was possible to
separate the two. The process that increases the proportion of U-235 is called
enrichment. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
The final piece that was needed for fission and was later used for the atomic bomb
concept was provided by Francis Perrin. Perrin introduced the concept of the critical
mass of uranium that was needed to achieve a self-sustaining reaction. This concept
was further researched by Rudolf Peierls, who presented calculations that were of
great importance for the creation of the atomic bomb. Perrin and his group also
demonstrated that a mixture of uranium and water could be used to sustain the chain
reaction, if external neutrons were injected into the system. The group also
discovered that by using neutron-absorbing materials it was possible to control the
neutron multiplication, thus controlling the nuclear reaction. This discovery later
became the corner stone for the use of fission for energy generation purposes.
Peierl’s former teacher, Werner Heisenberg, who presided over the German nuclear

energy project, had also done calculations that showed that a nuclear fission chain
reaction was possible. He proved that by slowing down and controlling the fission
chain reaction, the fission chain could be used to generate energy. Heisenberg’s
calculations also showed that if this chain reaction was not controlled and left to run
loose, it would lead to a nuclear explosion that would be many times stronger than
conventional explosives. Heisenberg suggested that natural uranium could be used in
a ‘uranium machine’, also known as a nuclear reactor, with heavy water as the
moderator. The researchers were unaware of the fact that delayed neutrons could be
used to control the reactor. Heisenberg also suggested that by using pure U-235, an
explosive could be created, but he rejected this idea due to the needed amount of U235, which at the time was a rare isotope, being too high to be practical. In 1940, a
colleague and a friend of Heisenberg’s, named Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker,
studied publications by scholars from Britain, Denmark, France and the United
States, and came to the conclusion that if a ‘uranium machine’ could be used to
sustain a nuclear fission chain reaction, it could be used to transmute U-238 into
element 94. Element 94, also known as plutonium, could according to von Weizäcker
also be used as a powerful explosive. Weizsäcker submitted a patent for the use of a
‘uranium reactor’ to create plutonium. The German military declared that this project
was impractical, as it would require more resources than were available at the time.
The knowledge of this idea later became the incentive for the creation of the atomic
bomb and later for the creation of nuclear reactors by the Allied forces. (World
Nuclear Association, 2021)
The MAUD committee, established in Cambridge, consisted of some of the best
scientists, made two big breakthroughs. The committee obtained experimental proof
that the nuclear fission chain reaction could be sustained with slow neutrons by using
a mixture of uranium oxide and heavy water, proving that the output of neutrons was
greater than the input. The second breakthrough was made by Bretscher and Feather,
who proved that fission in U-235 was more common than U-238. Bretscher and
Feather also showed that U-238 was more likely to form the isotope U-239. U-239
was a new isotope that would emit an electron and form a new element with the
atomic mass of 239 and the atomic number 93. The element would also emit an
electron and form another element that would also have the atomic mass of 239, but

the atomic number would change to 94, in other words, plutonium. Bretscher and
Feather claimed that this new element was fissionable by both fast and slow
neutrons, and due to the different chemical properties compared to uranium, it could
more easily be separated. In March 1941, the fission cross-section of U-235 was
finally confirmed. This was the final piece of information that was needed for the
creation of the nuclear reactor. With this discovery, it was confirmed that slow
neutrons were much more efficient in causing fission when collided with U-235,
compared to using fast neutrons. The MAUD committee released two summary
reports in 1941. According to the World Nuclear Association (2020), the reports
released were named “Use of uranium for a bomb” and “Use of uranium as a source
of power”. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
The second report by the MAUD committee explained that by using a controlled
fission of uranium, it would be possible to generate energy in the form of heat. This
heat could be used by different machines. The report also concluded that this process
could also be used to provide radioisotopes in a large enough quantity so that the
isotopes could be used as substitutes for radium. The report stated that this fission
process could be achieved by using heavy water and graphite as moderators if the
fast neutrons were used in the reaction, and that if the isotope U-235 was used,
regular water would be enough. The committee did not recommend pursuing this
technology at the time but did state that this technology was promising and would be
of great use in times of peace. This meant that the development of the ‘nuclear
boiler’ was put on hold until the war ended. The committee suggested that it would
be more useful to focus the efforts on creating the atomic bomb, a suggestion that led
to the creation of the Manhattan Project. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
2.1.1

DEVELOPMENT OF THE NUCLEAR REACTOR

As WWII ended, the peaceful use of the nuclear fission reaction could now be
developed. Thanks to development of the atomic bomb, scientist had created a range
of new technologies and realized the vast potential of the heat generated from the
fission reaction. This meant that there was now a new focus on utilizing the energy
released from fission to generate steam and electricity. This new form of energy
generation method would allow for the creation of compact power sources and these
power source had the potential of being long-lasting. Due to potential compactness of

the power source the application range was wide. The reactors could be used to
power ships and most importantly submarines.
The reactor at the Argonne National Laboratory was the first nuclear reactor that
produced electricity. The reactor, that was named Experimental Breeder reactor
(EBR-1), was started up in December 1951. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
EBR-1 was a liquid metal-cooled fast reactor that was used to demonstrate that it was
possible for a reactor to create more fuel than it consumed. Sodium-potassium alloy
was used in the reactor, as liquid metal coolants have better heat transfer compared to
water. The reactor was first used to power four 200-watt lights and would later be
used to power the whole research facility. The reactor would later experience a
partial core meltdown during a coolant flow test, an unfortunate event that lead to the
advancement of nuclear technology as it gave scientists a better understating of the
thermal capacity of the materials that were used during the test. Today it is possible
to take a free guided tour at the facility during weekdays. The reactor was later
declared a National Historic Landmark by President Lyndon Johnson in 1966.
(Office of Nuclear Energy, 2019)
The success of the EBR-1 was one of the factors that lead to President Eisenhower to
propose the “Atoms for Peace” program. This program caused the scientific society
to focus more research efforts towards the goal of generating electricity with the use
of nuclear energy and was the spark that defined the direction of the civil nuclear
energy development in the USA. Around the same time the Soviet Union had also
made progress with nuclear reactors. The Soviets modified existing graphitemoderated channel-type plutonium production reactors to produce heat and
electricity. The world’s first nuclear powered electricity generator AM-1 was started
in Obnisk in June 1954. The AM-1 had a capacity of 30 MWt or 5 MWe. This
reactor would serve as the protype for future graphite channel-type reactors. Among
these reactors is the infamous Chernobyl-type RBMK reactor. The AM-1 was used
until 2000 as a research facility and isotope production. (World Nuclear Association,
2021)
The first fully commercial PWR nuclear reactor was made by Westinghouse in 1960.
The reactor had a capacity of 250 MWe and was built in Yankee Rowe. Around the
same time, the first BWR developed by the Argonne National Laboratory and

designed by General Electric was also taken into use. The first large scale nuclear
reactor was the RBMK reactor that started its operation in Sosnovy Bor near
Leningrad in 1973. The RBMK had a capacity of 1000 MWe. (World Nuclear
Association, 2021)
According to the World Nuclear Association (2020) the nuclear power industry
suffered from decline and stagnation from the late 1970s to about 2002. During this
time period many of the ordered NPP were cancelled and the share of nuclearpowered electricity kept a share between 16-17%. Uranium prices also dropped
during that time as a reaction to the decreased interest in building NPP. This caused
many oil companies that had entered the uranium field to bail out. The NPP field
started to recover in towards the end of the 1990s as the first third generation NPP
was commissioned in Japan. The reactor in question was the Kashiwazaki-Kariwa 6
an advanced BWR with a capacity of 1350 MWe. As the demand of electricity began
to grow worldwide and the concerns regarding climate change began to rise, the need
for a power source that was able to produce electricity with low carbon dioxide
emission made interest in NPP begin again. Another factor that lead to the new
interest in NPP was energy security awareness. The last and most important reason
was the scale of the projected increase in electricity demand worldwide. This
electricity demand was especially noticeable in fast developing countries. All these
factors as well as the new generation of nuclear power reactors lead to start of new
NPP constructions. The first of the to be late third generation NPP was ordered by
Finland in 2004 and is still under construction at the time of writing this thesis. The
NPP that is being constructed in Finland is the 1600 MWe European PWR (EPR),
and a similar NPP is also being built in France. In the USA two new Westinghouse
AP1000 units are being built. The World Nuclear Association (2020) reports that the
plans of NPP construction in Europe and the USA are overshadowed by the plans in
Asia. Especially China and India are planning to increase their NPP capacity greatly.
China has plans and the capacity to build more than 100 new large scale NPP. These
NPP are mostly done according to western design or an adaption of said design.
There are also designs done locally. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

2.2

NUCLEAR REACTOR BASICS

A nuclear reactor produces energy by splitting atoms in a reaction that is called
nuclear fission. Nuclear fission is a process in which heavier nuclei are split into
lighter nuclei by bombarding the nuclei with neutrons. The energy released from
splitting atoms in a nuclear reactor is used to generate heat, which is used to heat
water or gas and this heated medium is then used to turn water into steam. This steam
is then used to spin turbines in order to run generators and generate electricity. In this
section, a brief introduction will be given of how a nuclear reactor works and
different types of nuclear reactors will be discussed. (World Nuclear Association,
2021)
2.2.1

PRESSURIZED WATER REACTOR

The most common type of nuclear reactor that is used globally is the pressurized
water reactor. Around 300 of all active nuclear reactors that are used for power
generation are PWRs. The reactor core of a PWR usually contains 80–100 fuel
assemblies, each of which contains 200–300 fuel rods. PWRs use light water as both
coolant and moderator. More specifically it is the primary coolant water that
functions as a coolant. If any of the primary coolant starts to turn into steam in the
reactor core, the decrease in density of the steam compared to water will make the
fission reaction slow down. This is called a negative feedback system and is used in
PWRs as a safety feature. What makes the PWR design special is that the water that
is used as primary coolant is circulated through the core at a high pressure, usually at
150 times the atmospheric pressure, to allow it to be heated up to 325 °C without
turning into steam. In order to keep the primary coolant at high pressure, a
pressurizer is used. The primary reactor coolant is then used to heat up the coolant in
the secondary coolant circuit to temperatures that generate steam. A heat exchanger
is used to make the heat transfer happen. The steam that is generated in the second
coolant circuit is then used to drive the turbine that, in turn, runs the generator in
order to generate electricity. After going through the turbine or turbines, the steam is
condensed back into water and led back into the heat exchangers to repeat this
process. The basic layout of a PWR can be seen in figure 1. (World Nuclear

Association, 2021)

Figure 1 Basic PWR layout (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

2.2.2

BOILING WATER REACTOR

The boiling water reactor functions almost in the same way as the PWR. Key
differences between these reactors is that in a BWR only a single coolant circuit is
used. The pressure in the coolant circuit is kept at around 75 times atmospheric
pressure in order to allow for the water to boil at 285 °C in the core. The World
Nuclear Association (2021) observes that BWRs are designed to operate with around
12–15% of the water in the core in steam phase in the top part of the core. After
boiling the water to steam, the steam is flows through drier plates, after which it
passes through to the turbines. It should be noted that the water is contaminated with
traces of radionuclides and the turbines should be shielded and include radiological
protection in order to protect the maintenance crew from radiation. The radioactivity
in the water is short-lived as the radioactive material mostly consists of Nitrogen-16,
an isotope with a half-life of 7 seconds, making it possible to enter the turbine hall
almost immediately after reactor shutdown. A BWR can contain up 750 fuel
assemblies and each of these assemblies can contain 90–100 fuel rods. This means

that the reactor core can contain up to 140 tons of uranium. A basic BWR can be
seen is figure 2. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

Figure 2 Boiling water reactor (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

As mentioned earlier, the flow of steam is used to create electricity. In a BWR, this is
done by having the steam that is boiled in the reactor move towards the steam
turbine. In the steam turbine, steam is used to drive the turbine which converts the
energy of the steam in shaft torque by expanding the steam from around 6.9 MPa to
vacuum pressure. The torque is used to drive the generator that in turn generates
electrical energy. The expanded water can be returned to the reactor by cooling it.
This is done by using condensers to condense the steam into water. After the
condensers the water can be fed into heat exchangers, after which the water can be
returned to the reactor by the reactor feed water pumps. Using a direct cycle forced
circulation is a standard for commercial BWRs, as it allows setting recirculation
loops into the direct boiling water cycle and makes it possible to increase the coolant
flow speed and power density in the reactor core as well as makes it possible to
control the thermal power of the reactor by adjusting the flow rate of water
recirculation. Some of the feedwater, combined with the drain from the steam

separator of the reactor, is dropped down between the pressure vessel’s internal wall
and shroud of the reactor core and is moved to the recirculation loops in which the
pressure is increased by the recirculation pumps outside the vessel, and is then sent to
the reactor core form the bottom of the vessel by internal jet pumps. (Tadashi, 2017)
The development of the BWR led to creation of the Advanced boiling water reactor.
The ABWR has managed to improve the safety, reliability, economic efficiency, and
operability of the reactor. It has also reduced the amount of radiation exposure as
well as the radioactive waste amounts. (Tadashi, 2017)
2.2.3

PRESSURIZED HEAVY WATER REACTOR

The pressurized heavy water reactor was first developed in Canada in the 1950s as
the CANDU. PHWRs use natural uranium and heavy water (D2O). Heavy water is a
more efficient moderator compared to light water, making it possible for natural
uranium to be used instead of refined uranium. PHWRs produce more energy per
kilogram of mined uranium when compared to other reactor types, but they also
consume more fuel than the other reactors. The heavy water is kept in the calandria,
which is basically a large water tank. What makes the calandria different from a
water tank is the hundreds of horizontal pressure tubes that form the channels for the
fuel. Using pressure tubes allows for the reactor to be refueled during operation, as
individual pressure tubes can be isolated from the cooling circuit. The pressure tubes
are cooled with flows of heavy water that is kept at pressures around 100 times
atmospheric pressure. Due to the high pressure, the primary coolant circuit can reach
temperatures of 290 °C. The energy of the heated heavy water in the primary coolant
circuit is used to heat up the light water that is used as a coolant in the secondary
coolant circuit. The light water is turned into steam in the steam generator and is led
into the turbines to power the generators. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

Figure 3. CANDU pressurized heavy water reactor (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

The fuel assemblies in the CANDU reactors are made up of bundles of 37 half-meter
long fuel rods, with each containing fuel pellets and a zircaloy tube shell. A support
structure that contains twelve of these bundles lying end to end are in a single fuel
channel. PHWRs use control rods that penetrate the calandria vertically and as a
secondary shutdown system gadolinium can be added to the moderator. The CANDU
design can use different forms of uranium, unlike the light water reactors. It is
possible to use recycled uranium that has been reprocessed after being used in light
water reactors. CANDU reactors can also use depleted uranium from enrichment
plants, if reprocessed uranium is mixed into it. It is also possible to use thorium as
fuel for CANDU reactors. Figure 3 shows the layout for the CANDU reactor. (World
Nuclear Association, 2021)
2.2.4

ADVANCED GAS-COOLED REACTOR

Advanced gas-cooled reactors are the second generation of gas-cooled nuclear
reactors used by the British. What makes gas-cooled reactors different from the
reactors mentioned so far in this thesis is the fact that water is not used as a primary
coolant nor as a moderator. In AGRs, graphite is used as a moderator and carbon

dioxide is used as the primary coolant. The carbon dioxide circulates in the core and
can reach temperatures up to 650 °C. The high primary coolant temperature makes it
possible to reach high thermal efficiency number up to 41%. The carbon dioxide is
then used to generate steam in the steam generator and the steam is used to run the
turbines. The control rods in an AGR are used to penetrate the moderator and, as a
secondary shutdown system, nitrogen can be injected into the coolant. Figure 4 gives
a better understanding of the layout of an AGR. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

Figure 4. Advanced gas-cooled reactor (World Nuclear Association, 2021)

The World Nuclear Association (2021) states that the fuel used in AGRs consists of
uranium pellets that are usually enriched to 2.5–3.5% and are incased in stainless
steel tubes. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
2.3

NUCLEAR POWER PLANT BASICS

The nuclear power plant can crudely split into two areas, the nuclear power area and
the rest of the cycle. The nuclear power area is the part the of cycle that provides the
steam for the process and the equipment that is in this area is subject to much stricter
safety requirements than the rest of the cycle. This section will discuss what parts

these different areas contain and briefly explain their functions in the nuclear fission
process. (Belyakov, 2020)
2.3.1

NUCLEAR FUEL

As an energy source, nuclear fuel differs greatly from other forms of fuel. The
energy density of the fuel is extremely high, which means that small amounts of
uranium are needed to generate power. According to Letcher (2014), the volume of
uranium that is needed to provide energy for a single human’s lifetime is roughly
around the size of a golf ball. The energy contained in this amount is almost equal to
the energy that was released by the atomic bomb dropped in Hiroshima near the end
of WW2. This energy density makes nuclear power a viable energy source for
humanity for millennia. Another benefit that is provided by the energy density of
uranium is the possibility for countries to stockpile uranium, to provide energy for
tens or even possibly for hundreds of years. This benefit is one of the reasons that
have led countries to pursue nuclear power plant development. The reason for the
high energy density is the nature of the atomic nucleus. In elements that are heavier
than hydrogen, the number of protons crammed into the atoms give the atoms a
positive charge. The positive charge caused by the protons gives rise to extremely
high electrostatic repulsion in the nucleus. For the nucleus to remain intact, a
stronger force called nuclear force is needed. Later in this thesis, we will investigate
further the steps that are needed in order to turn natural uranium into a useable
nuclear fuel, as this section only gives basic information about some of the properties
of nuclear fuel. (Letcher, 2014)
Uranium is found in nature and is almost as common as tin or zinc. Natural uranium
contains the isotopes uranium-235 as well as uranium-238. Out of these two isotopes,
U-235 is the most common one to use. However, natural uranium ore does not
contain big concentrations of U-235, as only 0.1–1% of the ore consists of U-235.
(Letcher, 2014) The most common composition of natural uranium according to the
World Nuclear Association (2021) is 0.7% U-235, while the rest of uranium consists
of U-238. Uranium reserves are also not available in every country, as the reserves
are scattered around the world. The biggest producers of uranium are Kazakhstan,
Canada, Australia, Nigeria and Namibia, and these five countries produced 79% of
all the uranium in 2012. Compared to other fuel forms, uranium is not sold on the

open market, as buyers and sellers negotiate supply contracts privately. (Letcher,
2014)
Uranium oxide (UO2) is the most common type of fuel used in nuclear reactors. The
melting point for uranium oxide is 2800 °C. The fuel is mostly enriched and is in the
form of pellets that usually have a diameter of 1 cm and the length can reach up 1.5
meters. The pellet is usually surrounded by a zirconium alloy tube to form the fuel
rod. Zirconium has excellent properties that make it useful as an alloy. In order to use
zirconium as alloy material for the fuel pellets, it first needs to be purified.
Zirconium naturally contains hafnium, which is a neutron absorber and must be
removed before the zirconium can be used. Very pure zirconium is hard, corrosionresistant and transparent to neutrons, all of which are properties desired for an alloy.
(World Nuclear Association, 2021)
To even out the performance of new and old fuel in reactors, burnable poisons are
used in either the fuel or coolant in reactors. Burnable poisons are neuron absorbers
that decay under neutron exposure and compensate for the gradual buildup of
neutron absorbers in spent fuel and, in doing so, allow for more fuel to be burned.
For naval reactors, the use of burnable poison is almost a must, as refueling these
reactors can be difficult and thus the refueling cycle is often designed to be very long
compared to other reactors. The most efficient burnable poison that is used today is
gadolinium. Gadolinium (GdO2) is added to ceramic fuel pellets during
manufacturing and is used at up to 3 grams per kilogram of fuel. The World Nuclear
Association (2021) mentions that when using gadolinium as a burnable poison, the
nuclear fuel must be enriched to a higher degree to compensate for the added poison.
(World Nuclear Association, 2021)
The refueling intervals for nuclear reactors vary between different reactors. For large
nuclear reactors the interval is usually 12, 18 or 24 months. During refueling a third
of the fuel rods are replaced with new ones. For small modular reactors this refueling
interval can be much longer. Some reactors need to be shut down for refueling,
however, this is not the case for the CANDU or RBMK reactor types, as these
reactors use pressure tubes instead of a pressure vessel to enclose the reactor core. A
single pressure tube can be removed from the core while the reactor is active. (World
Nuclear Association, 2021)

2.3.2

NUCLEAR FISSION AND MODERATORS

Letcher (2014) claim that nuclear energy is derived from the competition between
electrostatic and the strong nuclear force. He further states that for light elements,
such as hydrogen, the more energetical favorable option is to fuse together in a
process that is called nuclear fusion. By fusing together with each other, the lighter
elements form heavier nuclei. This process does not occur in heavier elements such
as uranium. In heavier materials another process that is called nuclear fission takes
place.
Nuclear fission is a process in which elements split into lighter elements. This
process can occur naturally, however most elements can only go through nuclear
fission by absorbing neutrons. By absorbing a neutron, the balance between the
strong and electrostatic forces is disbalanced. Due to the disruption in balance, the
nucleus begins to split. When the nucleus splits, the fission fragments are repelled by
the electrostatic force. In some cases, this process can occur at different neutron
energies. In nuclides that this happens in are called fissile. Neutrons are also released
as fission fragments in nuclides that are fissile and can cause the reaction to become
self-sustaining. When a nuclear fission reaction is self-sustaining the reaction is
called a chain reaction. For a chain reaction to be useful it essential that it can be
controlled. These controlled chain reactions are used by nuclear power plants to
generate energy. (Letcher, 2014)
The fission fragments that are released during chain reactions are called fission
products and have high kinetic energies. Due the high kinetic energy, fission
products that collide with the surrounding material, causing the material to heat up.
This is due to the collision of atoms in the material. In nuclear power plants this is
used to heat up water and generate steam, which can be used to run turbine to
generate electricity. The nuclear reactor can either use steam directly generated in the
reactor to run the turbine, or the heat from the water can be transferred to another
coolant. It should be noted that the fission products that are released during a nuclear
fission reaction are highly radioactive. This radioactivity generates heat, which can
cause damage to the reactors if proper care is not taken. The accident in Fukushima
in 2011 was caused in part due to the fission products damaging the reactor.
(Letcher, 2014)

As mentioned before, nuclear power plants use controls chain reactions to generate
energy. According to Letcher (2014) the possibility for a nuclear fission to occur
depends greatly on the energy of the neutron that is used to start the reaction. Fission
is more unlikely to happen if “fast” neutrons are used compared to “slow” neutrons.
The terms fast and slow are used to describe neutrons that have high and respectively
low neutron energies. If neutrons with high energies are used to try to initiate fission,
the likelihood for the process to start is lower, as the possibility for the high energy
neutron to be absorbed is low. If fission is started successfully with “fast” neutrons
the number of neutrons released will usually be much higher compared to fissions
that are started with “slow” neutrons. Due to the quantum nature of the neutron,
fission is much more likely to occur at lower neutrons energies. In most nuclear
reactors, fission is achieved by moderating neutrons, in other words slowing down
neutrons to energies that are in thermal equilibrium with the moderating material.
When choosing the material for moderators that are going to be used it is imperative,
that the moderator material does not absorb too many neutrons. If too many neutrons
are caught by the moderator, the possibility for fission might decrease. If a neutron is
absorbed and no fission takes place this is called parasitic neutron loss. Parasitic
neutron loss can be avoided by choosing moderator materials that only require a few
collisions to take place in order to slow down the neutrons. This usually means that
the moderator material is required to have a nucleus that has a mass close to neutrons
mass, as well as a sufficient density. Moderator materials that have these properties
are quite few and the most common materials that are used as are carbon, in the form
of graphite, and hydrogen and deuterium as light water and respectively heavy water.
Heavy water is the most troublesome moderator to manufacture, as the hydrogen in
water only consist of 0.016% of deuterium. (Letcher, 2014)
Out of these three moderators, light water is the one that is used most. This is due to
different reasons, but the main reasons being the availability of light water and the
cost-effectiveness. Letcher (2014) also mentions that another factor that makes light
water an attractive choice is that light water is more effective at slowing down
neutrons when compared to heavy water. This is due to the mass of hydrogen being
closer to the mass of a neutron than deuterium. The lower mass of light water also
makes it possible to make smaller reactor cores. One big demerit that light water has

is that is quite parasitic and will absorb much more neutrons than heavy water. This
makes using natural uranium impossible with light water as the moderator. This
means that the uranium that is used with light water as a moderator must be enriched
to reach U-235 concentrations that make it possible for the fission reaction to be selfsustaining. Heavy water can use natural uranium as fissile material and can be seen
as the moderators’ biggest merit. (Letcher, 2014)
Light water can also be used as a coolant in the reactor. When light water is used as a
moderator and coolant at the same time, the reactor can be made to be selfregulating. This means that the reactor can automatically control the reactivity that is
taking place in the reactor. When fission takes place, heat is released, and the water
temperature will begin to rise. As the temperature rises, the density of the water will
also decrease and this in turn will decrease the levels of moderation in the reactor, as
neutrons can now pass more easily through the moderator that is also used a coolant.
This means that the reactivity in the reactor will decrease which in turn stops the
temperature from rising further. Modern NPP use this as a safety feature, called a
negative feedback, to control the fission and prevent it from going out of control.
(Letcher, 2014)
Letcher (2014) also states that control rods can be used to control the fission reaction.
They are mostly used to shut down the nuclear reaction as they are lowered down
into the reactor. When the control rods enter the reactor, neutrons that are released
during the fission reaction are captured by the control rods instead of reaching the
fissile material. As the neutrons that would usually make the fission reaction selfsustaining are now absent, the reaction will thus stop the chain reaction and in doing
so, shut down the reactor. (Letcher, 2014)

2.3.3

STEAM GENERATOR

Nuclear power plants use steam generators to turn water into steam. It should be
noted that not all reactor types need a steam generator. BWR use the steam generated
in the reactor core to run turbines and therefore does not need a steam generator.
Nuclear power plants that use PWRs usually contain between two to four steam
generators depending on the design and size of the plant. PWR steam generators
have an element that is different from steam generators that are used in fossil-fired

power plants. In PWR SGs the boiling occurs in the shell side of the heat exchanger
rather than in the tubes. By doing this it is possible to keep the primary reactor
coolant at a high velocity and pressure, which in turn allows for efficient heat
transfer from reactor coolant to the low-pressure steam system. The primary reactor
coolants temperature is usually in the range of 585–605 K (312–332 °C) and the
pressure is kept high at around 15 MPa according to Riznic (2017). (Riznic, 2017)
The most common type of SG is the vertical cylindrical vessel setup that have
inverted U-tubes in the lower section. The upper section contains steam-water
separators or moister separator. The primary reactor coolant flows through the Utubes and rises to the hot leg side of the SG. From the hot leg side, the coolant is then
lead into the cool leg side of the SG which it exits at a temperature around 560 K
(287 °C). These temperatures only apply for new NPP and in older plants these
temperatures are lower. Feedwater is fed into the downcomer by leading it through a
feedwater nozzle, after which is fed through a feedring. In the downcomer the feed
water and recirculated water coming from the moisture separator. The water mix is
then usually fed through a gooseneck pipe assembly. After the gooseneck pipe
assembly, the water mix is led downward into the feedring, also called the feedwater
header, to avoid risks of flow stratification. Doing this minimize the risk of high
thermomechanical stressing in the feed water piping system. J-Tube vents are usually
installed on top of the feedring to avoid steam plugs as well as prevent feedring
drainage. After this the water from the downcomer flows to the bottom of the steam
generator via the top of the tubesheet. After this the water is led to the tube bundle in
which the water is turned to steam. Not all the secondary water is turned into steam,
as only 20–25% of the water is turned to steam per passthrough. The remainder of
the secondary water is recirculated. The method described does not use an integral
preheater or economizer. It is recommended that the reader studies figure 5 for a
more clear picture of the setup of a recirculating PWR steam generator. (Riznic,
2017)

Figure 5 Layout of a recirculating PWR steam generator (Riznic, 2017)

If an integral preheater is used, then no feedrings are used in the SG. In this type of
design all the feedwater is instead forced to flow through the preheater. The
feedwater is fed through a nozzle into the cold leg side of the tube bundle, located
near the tubesheet. The feedwater is forced to flow through the preheater with
crossflow over baffle plates on the cold leg side. Auxiliary feedwater enters the
upper part of the vessel via a separate nozzle. The heat from the primary fluid
leaving the steam generator is used by the preheater to increase the temperature of
the feedwater until it almost reaches saturation temperature. After reaching this
temperature, the feedwater is mixed with the recirculating water that flows down
from the tube bundles top. In certain types of plants two feedwater nozzles are used.
One of these nozzles is used for the auxiliary feedwater then the operation is started,

while the other is used for the main feedwater during operation. The auxiliary
feedwater can be taken from a separate auxiliary tank, in which the water is at
ambient temperature, or directly from the feedwater tank. (Riznic, 2017)
Another type of steam generator is the once-through steam generator, which is the
smallest type of steam generator as it lacks moisture separators. The primary reactor
coolant in OTSGs is pumped from the top to the bottom through tubes. The
secondary coolant is made to flow in counter-flow direction on the outside of the
tubes, going from the bottom to the top. The secondary-system water flows through a
feedring above the ninth tube support plate. Here the water is mixed with steam that
is drawn from the tube bundle area. After mixing the secondary-system water and
steam, the mixture is then preheated until it reaches saturation temperature. The
saturated water is then fed through the annulus, through the lower tubesheet until it
reaches the tube bundle in which water is turned into steam. The steam that has been
superheated will flow outwards in a radially fashion down the annulus into the steam
outlet connection. In OTSG most of the secondary coolant is evaporated in the SG in
a single pass. (Riznic, 2017)
To avoid erosion, as well as residual stresses the tubing in OTSG is treated with
different high temperature treatment processes. Some of these heat treatments
include high mill-annealing temperatures that are done the remove the internal
stresses of the material used for tubing. Temperatures for this process can reach up to
1338 K. This treatment is then followed by holding the SG at a temperature of 893 K
for up to ten hours after assembly. This method makes the OTSG tubing very
resistant to primary water stress corrosion cracking. It should be noted that this heat
treatment method might deplete the chromium in the grain boundary, which makes
the primary as well as the secondary sides vulnerable to sulfur species attacks.
(Riznic, 2017)
2.3.4

STEAM TURBINE

The steam turbine has been used in nuclear power plants since the beginning of
commercial use of NPPs for power generation. The steam turbine had earlier been
used in fossil-fired power plants and it was clear from the start of the development of
NPPs that using a turbine was the best method to generate electricity. The main

function of a steam turbine is to use steam to drive the generator. This is done by
converting the steam flow into mechanical energy in the turbine. The mechanical
energy in turn is used to drive the generator which changes the mechanical energy
into electrical energy. Different types of NPPs have differences in this process, but
the main concept remains the same. (Tadashi, 2017; Belyakov, 2020)
The most important factor that controls how much electricity an NPP can generate is
the nominal thermal power output of the power plant. The nominal thermal power
output is a factor that depends on the design of the NPP itself as well as the quantity
and quality of the steam that is produced by the nuclear reactor. The pressure of the
steam in NPP is always subcritical and is linked to the coolant parameters that is used
in the cooling loop. The temperature of steam is dependent on the type of reactor that
is used in the NPP and in some cases the steam can be very saturated, and this can
cause the moisture content to become too high and warrant further treatment
throughout the NSSS. The process that generates hundreds of megawatts of
electricity requires large flows of steam into the turbine. To ensure that the steam
flow into the turbine is adequate, many NPPs choose to use one large steam turbine
per nuclear reactor. The type of turbine, configuration as well as the steam
parameters depend on the type of nuclear reactor that is being used in the NPP.
Usually the turbines that are used, are specifically designed for said NPP and the
reactor that is being used. (Belyakov, 2020)
According to Belyakov(2020) turbines can generally be divided into two major
types. The types are defined based on the speed of the rotating shaft. The first type is
the fast or full-speed steam turbine that runs at speed of 3000–3600 rpm. The fullspeed steam turbine is used to run a synchronous generator, and the size of the
turbine increases fast if the output is increased. This turbine type suffers from
dynamic loads and stresses at massive loads. The second turbine type is the slow or
half-speed steam turbine. As the turbine name implies this turbine runs at half of the
speed of the fast turbine, at around 1500–1600 rpm. This type of turbine is larger and
heavier than its fast counterpart. Unlike the fast turbine, the slow turbines size does
not increase as much, if the capacity of the turbine is increased, which means at some
point the size of the two turbines types will even out. (Belyakov, 2020)

There are also different turbine setups available for NPPs. The most typical
configurations used in NPPs are the double- and three-pressure units respectively. In
the double-pressure system the steam first goes through a high-pressure turbine
section. After this section the steam is reheated and separated from the moisture
content, after which the steam is led to the low-pressure turbine section. After going
through the low-pressure section, the steam is lead into the condenser. In the threepressure units, steam first flow through the high-pressure section in the same way as
the double-pressure system. However, after the high-pressure section the steam is
first reheated and lead into an intermediate-pressure system, in where a part of the
energy is transmitted to shaft. The steam is then lead into the low-pressure section.
The number of sections that are used depend on the capacity of the NPP. Generally,
steam flows must be organized in a way that have the least negative effects on the
shaft line and support bearings. This usually means that for the low-pressure
sections, an axial double-counterflow setup of cylinders is used. If a three-pressure
design is used the high- and intermediate-pressure section only have one steam flow
into them, and the direction of the flow is different along the shaft line to minimize
the strain on the overall structure. Steam turbines use a reheater and a moisture
separator to treat the steam after it exits the high-pressure section. (Belyakov, 2020)
It should be noted that the type of nuclear reactor that is being used will also affect
the turbine design. When comparing BWRs and PWRs there are notable difference in
the way in which steam is used to generate electricity. In BWRs, the reactor pressure
vessel is designed for lower pressure compared to PWRs as the steam pressure that is
used in the turbines is close to the reactor pressure. The steam itself however
contains radioactive materials. Due to the radioactive materials in the steam some
things should be taken into consideration when designing the turbine. The turbine
needs to have radiation shields for all components to avoid damage from the
radiation that is released from the steam. It is also important that some type of
measurement device is used in the turbine to make it possible to notice if there are
any leakage in the turbine. By including this sort of safeguard against leakage, any
possible damage and radiation contamination can be kept as low as possible.
According to Tadashi (2017) turbines designers should also take the decontamination
possibility into consideration when creating the turbine. Turbines and their

components that are used in BWRs need to go through decontamination before any
maintenance can be done on them. (Tadashi, 2017)
The turbines used in PWRs differ from turbines in BWRs in the aspect that these
turbines are not in contact with steam that contains radioactive materials. This means
that there is no need to include radiation shields or protection against radiation in
maintenance work in turbines that are used in PWR. In short PWR uses two different
coolant system. The steam that is used to generate electricity is created by the
secondary coolant system. The heat of the pressurized water is transferred from the
primary coolant system to the secondary coolant systems steam generator. The water
in the secondary coolant system is then converted into steam in the steam generator
and this steam is used to run the turbines to generate electricity. As the steam that is
used to run in the turbines is not in direct contact with the water from the reactor the
risk for nuclear contamination is nonexistent if a leak should occur in the turbine
cycle. (Tadashi, 2017)
NPP steam turbines are usually operated as base load. According to Tadashi (2017)
base load operation means that steam turbines are optimized in the design stage in
order to minimize the exhaust loss. This is done by applying the optimum last-stage
blade and number of exhaust flows. Steam used in high pressure turbines is saturated
with a wetness of 0.4%. After the high-pressure turbine, the steam is treated in
moisture separators to remove the excess water fraction. The wetness of the steam
increases when its energy is converted to power output in the high-pressure turbine.
The steam is reheated in the reheating cycle, as the thermal efficiency can be
increased with around 2% compared to cycles that don’t reheat the steam before
being led into the low-pressure section. Reheating the steam also reduces last-stage
blade erosion that can be caused by water droplets in the saturated steam that hit the
blades at high speeds. (Tadashi, 2017)
Compared to fossil-fired power plants, the turbines in NPPs require more steam to
generate the same amount of power. Tadashi (2017) states that is due to the total heat
drop of the main steam to be much lower in an NPP compared to fossil-fired power
plants. In NPP the steam consumption per power output will be 1.6–1.8 times higher
due to the main steam pressure being lower. This also causes the steam volume per
power output to become 4–5 times larger. Due to the larger volume flow of steam,

the different components in NPP turbines need to be made larger when compared to
the turbines in fossil-fired power plants. Turbines used in NPP are operated in
saturated steam and as mentioned earlier saturated steam can cause erosion in the
turbine. The water droplets in the steam can cause the efficiency of the turbine to
decrease if the impact erosion is not taken into consideration. This has led to the
designers of turbines to incorporate anti-erosion measure for NPP turbines. Moistureextracting blades have grooves longitudinal to the blade’s direction on the suction
side that capture water droplets and discharge the from the blade due to the
centrifugal force of the spinning blades. The stationary turbine components can also
experience wire erosion. This erosion is usually caused by drain intrusion through
small clearances in fastened flanges which overtime form grooves in the flanges.
This can be countered by covering the flanges with anti-erosion metal. (Tadashi,
2017)
2.4

URANIUM MINING

As mentioned earlier, uranium is almost as common as tin or zinc. According to
World Nuclear Association (2021) traces of uranium can be found almost anywhere
on Earth. Besides the uranium deposits beneath the earth, vast amounts of uranium
can also be found in the oceans around the world, albeit at extremely low
concentrations. The uranium ore deposits that are currently being mined have an
average grade of around 0.10% of uranium. In 1960s when uranium mining was first
started, this grade would have been considered adequate, however today some
uranium mines in Canada contain vast amounts of uranium ore that can have grades
up to 20%. Some mines can be successfully run with ore grades of 0.02% uranium.
In 2019, uranium mines were operated in 20 different countries. It should be noted
that around 50% of all uranium produced worldwide comes from only nine mines
spread across four different countries. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
In some cases, uranium is produced as a by-product when mining for other minerals.
One of these types of operations is the copper mine Olympic Dam in Australia.
Uranium can also be acquired as by-product when treating other ores such as gold or
phosphate. In cases where uranium is produced as by-product the grade of uranium
usually is quite low, with grades that may not even be a tenth of what the grade

would be in mines that mine uranium exclusively. In cases like these, uranium can be
mined at competitive costs when compared to cases where only uranium orebodies
with a low grade was to be mined. The World Nuclear Association (2021) defines an
orebody as a mineral deposit from which minerals can be acquired from and that it is
economically viable to do so at the current market conditions. They also state that
mining uranium does not differ from mining other minerals, unless the grade of
uranium is high. In cases where the grade is high, special care must be taken to
ensure that the health of the mine workers can be protected, and radiation exposure is
kept as low as possible. Measures that should be taken are dust suppression and in
some extreme cases remote handling techniques. Surveying for uranium deposits is
easier when compared to other minerals as the radiation signatures of uranium decay
products can be measured from the air. (World Nuclear Association, 2021)
2.4.1

OPEN PIT MINING

An open pit mine is viable in cases where access to the ore can be achieved by
removing barren or waste rock. In some rarer cases, open pit mining can be done if
the ore deposit is at ground surface. In order to access the open mine, one or more
ramps are built on the sides of the mine. The ramp design that is chosen depends on
the geotechnical strength of the soil, sediment or the rock material. The steeper the
ramp can be made, the more economically viable it is. The design must consider the
possibility of wall failure, so most open pits usually choose to build more ramps into
the mine. Another safety aspect that should be considered is flooding. In some cases,
control of groundwater inflows may be necessary if the risk of flooding exists. In
general, uranium grade and the deposit size are the factors that affects how large the
open pit will become. High grade uranium deposits or large quantities of ore, usually
means that the size of the open pit can become a kilometer wide and hundreds of
meters deep. These factors also take part in determining the optimal size of the
mining, rock and ore hauling equipment. Other factors that affect the size of
equipment is the expected mine life length and the distance that the ore must be
transported in order to be treated. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
According to Hore-Lacy (2016) the mining methods that are used in mines in general
are decided by the rock properties. In cases where the rocks in the mine have low
geotechnical strength, in other words are soft, the rock material can be easily

removed by using scraper technology. This means that the material can be removed
by excavating equipment, after which the material is transported out of the mine and
dumped. During excavation only a thin layer of material is removed at a time.
Another possible mining method for soft rocks is to use bulldozer to loosen and
move the material in thin layers and piled into heaps. Bulldozer are usually used if
the rocks are too strong for excavators. The heaps can then be transported from the
mine by loading it into trucks or by using conveyor belts. The material can also be
mixed with water to form a slurry which can be pumped out of the pit. (Hore-Lacy,
2016)
If the rocks geotechnical strength is too high and using bulldozers or excavators is
not possible, the drill-and-blast method is generally used. As the name itself implies,
in this method holes are drilled into the ground. The holes drilled into the ground are
done in predetermined patterns and spacing. Explosives are then loaded into the
holes and detonated in a specific order that is designed so that the rock material
fragments in the most efficient way. After detonation, the rock material can be
excavated and loaded into trucks or onto conveyor belts, and removed from the open
pit. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)

2.4.2

UNDERGROUND MINING

Uranium ore can also be found deep underground or at depths that open pit mining
would not be a viable option. In cases like these, underground mining is the usual
mining method with which the ore is mined. When choosing the design of the
underground mine, many different factors are considered, including the topography
of the ground surface, the depth of the orebody, rock strength condition as well as
road access needs. The most common access methods that are used for underground
mines are shafts, adits and declines. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
Shafts are vertical openings that are built into the underground mines. Shafts are
usually only a few meters wide and they are usually used as both entrances into
mines and to connect different levels in mines together. The length of a shaft can
vary from tens of meters to over a thousand meters according to Hore-Lacy (2016).
In order to strengthen the shafts and to minimize the risk of collapse, shafts are
usually lined with concrete. In cases where the rock material in which the shaft is

built is strong, the shafts may be left unlined. Often the rock strength changes at
different depths making a combination of both lined and unlined shaft sections
common. In some cases, groundwater control may be necessary, and lining or
grouting must be used in order to makes sure that the risk of flooding can be
minimized or eliminated. Personal and materials are transported in larger containers
or cages with the help of a winch beneath the headframe. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
Access to orebodies can also done by using adits. Adits are horizontal openings that
have a small inclination and can be used in cases where the orebody is at the same
elevation as the ground. Like shafts, adits are commonly only a few meters wide. If
adits are used to gain access to the mine, transportation for personal and materials
can be done by using a railway, and in some cases by using wheeled vehicles.
Conveyor belts can be used for the transportation of ore and waste rock. Lining of
adits can be done in a similar way to shafts, with the difference that steel and timber
may also be used instead of concrete. An adit can also function as drainage for
groundwater. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
The final way that may be used to gain access to orebodies in underground mining is
the use of declines, which are inclined ramps that are spiral formed. This allows
vehicles to be used for transportation of ore and waste rock. Hore-Lacy (2016) points
out that widths of the declines are usually built according the width of the widest
vehicle that is used in the underground mine. Passing spaces must be built at regular
distances to allow the mining vehicles to pass each other, in order to make two-way
traffic possible. As the cases was for the two earlier access methods, lining for
declines should also be done if a risk for collapse exists. In cases where only a single
access point exists into the mine, measures should be taken to allow the miners to
escape the mine in cases where the access point might be blocked. This is done by
building emergency access routes into ventilation shafts. Multiple access points are
preferred in most mines, as this allows for more efficient mining operations, as well
as enhanced safety for the mining personal. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
According to Hore-Lacy (2016) the most common methods for mining underground
narrow ore veins is using the drill and blast method. Depending on the location of the
orebody, this type of mining may be done by starting the blasting process from the
bottom of the orebody and moving upwards. It is also possible to start from the top of

the orebody and continue towards the bottom. A combination can also be used for
higher efficiency. The empty space created after this mining method can be handled
in different ways. In some cases, the empty void is allowed to collapse by itself and
in some cases, waste rocks can be used to fill up the space. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
In cases where the orebody is one the larger side, the preferred method for mining is
stoping. Stoping is used if the orebodies can be mined in a series of vertical masses.
The size of these masses can reach tens of meters wide and high. In this mining
technique, access tunnels are dug towards the orebodies. Once the orebody has been
reached, holes are drilled into the deposit and explosives are placed and detonated.
After detonation, the now loose ore and rocks are removed from the blast site. After
depleting the orebodies, the empty space can be filled with waste rocks mixed with
cement. Once the mixture has hardened and deemed to be strong enough, the
operation is continued by moving onto the next orebody. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
If the orebody is extensive and horizontally inclined, the room and pillar mining
method can be used. This mining technique is done by removing ore in galleries and
leaving pillars of orebodies at regular intervals to act as support structures. In this
method the mine forms a perforated shape. After an area has been mined it is
backfilled to allow the miners to remove the orebody pillars that were left as support.
Another method that can be used is to remove the pillars after the orebody has been
depleted and in doing so the empty pocket can be collapsed and filled easily. (HoreLacy, 2016)
2.4.3

IN SITU LEACH(ISL) MINING

The third mining type that is becoming more and more popular, having passed open
pit mining and underground mining according to Crossland (2012), is in situ leach
mining. This method is called in situ recovery mining in North America. The basic
principle of ISL is dissolving orebodies that are in porous unconsolidated material,
such as sand and gravel. This mining method can be used if the orebody’s water
body is lying vertically and ideally horizontally. This method cannot be used in cases
where the waterbody near the orebody is used as a water supply for households.
Compared to earlier mentioned mine types, ISL is the method that has the smallest
impact on the environment. (Crossland, 2012)

In ISL, weakly acidified or alkaline groundwater containing vast amounts of oxygen
is flown through the enclosed underground waterbody containing uranium in loose
sands. The acidified or alkaline groundwater dissolves the uranium from the sand and
the solution is pumped up to the treatment plant. In the treatment plant, the uranium
is treated and recovered as a precipitate. Uranium production in the USA and
Kazakhstan use this method. In Australia, hydrogen peroxide is used as the oxidant
and sulfuric acid is used as the complexing agent to give a uranyl sulfate. In
Kazakhstan, mines prefer to use higher acid concentrations instead of using an
oxidant. The mines mining with ISL in USA use an alkali leach in order to get uranyl
carbonate. An alkali leach is used due to the acid-consuming minerals that are
present in the local waterbodies. Waterbodies that have more than a few percent
carbonate minerals require alkali leach in order to function properly. (Crossland,
2012)
In order to pump the fortified groundwater into aquifer a series of injection wells are
used. The fortified groundwater flows slowly through the waterbody leaching the
uranium from the sand. This mixture is pumped up with the help of the pumps that
are in the extraction wells that have been placed at strategical distance according to
Crossland (2012). The acid consumption in ISL can vary quite drastically depending
on where the mining taking place. Factors that influence the acid amounts used are
geological conditions, as well as the operating philosophy in the country that the
mining is taking place in. A good example of this is the vast difference in the acid
kilograms used to leach one kilogram of uranium in Australia and Kazakhstan.
Crossland (2012) claims that the usually figure for acid use in Kazakhstan is around
80 kg of acid per kilogram of uranium, while in Australia this figure is reported to be
around 3 kg/kgU. Compared to open mining and underground mining even small
orebodies can be exploited quite economically efficiently by using ISL mining. It is
quite common that satellite plants are set up near small orebodies. These satellite
plants are used to load the ion exchange resin/polymer and transport it to the main
plant for stripping. (Crossland, 2012)
2.5

URANIUM PROCESSING

This section will look at the process that uranium ore that is mined goes through in
order to become nuclear fuel. The different steps of the process that can be seen in
figure 6.

Figure 6 Uranium processing chain (Hore-Lacy, 2016)

2.5.1

MILLING AND CRUSHING

Uranium ore goes through milling and extraction in order to extract the uranium from
the uranium ore and remove to unnecessary coarse material that may be contained in
the ore. Milling and extraction contains processes that are both physical and
chemical.
Generally, the first step for uranium extraction is crushing and grinding. After going
through crushing, the uranium ore is broken down into fragments that are a couple of
centimeters in size according to Hore-Lacy (2016). Crushing is a dry mechanical
process and in order to minimize the dust that is released during this process, a water
spray can be used. This is done to protect the health of the workers and ensure that
visibility can be maintained. The next step after crushing is grinding. By going
through grinding, the crushed uranium ore is reduced into sand or finer sized

particles. Uranium obtained through alkaline leaching projects generally need finer
grinding compared to acid leaching. Grinding is done in large rotating drums and
these drums can contain only the ore itself and steel rods, steel balls or even rock
pebbles may be added to enhance the process. This process is also mechanical and,
unlike crushing, is typically a wet process. Hore-Lacy (2016) points out that the size
of the crushing and grinding plants are decided based on the type of ore that is
processed in the plants. Factors that affect plant size are, but not limited to, hardness
of the material, size of the run-of-mine ore, clay content as well as the amount of ore
that is wished to be processed in the plant. It should be noted that crushing is not
always necessary or even effective for certain types of ore. In cases where the ore is
fine enough without crushing, the ore can instead be grinded immediately. (HoreLacy, 2016)
2.5.2

ORE BENEFICIATION

The term beneficiation refers to the process in which the crushed and grinded
uranium is checked and high-grade uranium ore is collected for further treatment,
while the uranium ore which grade is deemed to low is rejected and sent for further
treatment. The collected higher-grade ore can be treated in smaller-scale processing
plants and different technology can also be used when compared to the run-of-mine
ore. Beneficiation is only viable if most of the mass is rejected and the greater part of
uranium is secured. When uranium mining was first started, this process was done by
hand and based on the visual appearance of the uranium ore or by measuring the
gamma radiation that the ore radiated. Nowadays mechanical sorting is practiced,
and the sorting process takes physical, mineralogical or radiometric characteristics
into account when sorting the ores. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
Hore-Lacy (2016) mentions that in Canada beneficiation was carried out by feeding
the uranium ore into a gravity concentration plant. The plant uses jigs and vibrating
tables to sort the ore and was shown to retain the uranium ore that had a grade over
30%. Another separation method that can be utilized is flotation, in which air bubbles
are blown into a mixture of water, chemical additives and minerals, causing certain
types of minerals to float up with froth that is created by the air. This method is not
widely used in mines focusing on only uranium mining but is used in mines that
mine for copper-uranium-gold. In cases where uranium is considered a side product

in mines and flotation is used in order to separate minerals from each other, uranium
is recovered from the reject stream of the flotation circuit. In Eastern bloc countries
automated radiometric ore separation was widely used. It is still used in some of
these countries, but due to the separation method having some problems with
radiation, this method has fallen out of fashion. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
2.5.3

URANIUM EXTRACTION AND PURIFICATION

The next step in the uranium refining chain is the extraction of uranium. According
to Hore-Lacy (2016) uranium has four oxidation states and two of these states
namely U4+(tetravalent) and U6+(hexavalent) are of importance geochemically and
mineralogically. Tetravalent uranium can usually be found on the subsurface, while
hexavalent uranium can be found under oxidizing conditions near the surface. Out of
these two oxidation states, hexavalent uranium is the more soluble one. Hexavalent
uranium can easily be dissolved with dilute acid and carbonate solutions, while
tetravalent uranium is insoluble. The basic purpose of extraction is to convert
tetravalent uranium into hexavalent uranium with the help of oxidation. Generally,
uranium oxides and silicates can be easily dissolved in oxidizing acid or alkaline
solutions. Out of these two options, oxidizing acid is the preferred method, as the
dissolving process that uses alkaline solutions is slower, requires more grinding and
in some cases can be less complete when compared to oxidizing acid. An exception
worthy of mentioning is if the uranium ore has carbonate content of more than 1-3%,
in which case using acid is not recommended due to high acid consumption of the
carbonate and the use of alkaline leaching is the more efficient method. Alkaline
leaching may however require elevated temperature and pressure to function
properly. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
According to Hore-Lacy (2016) acidic leaching is usually carried out by using
sulfuric acid, due to its low price and availability in industrial grade. Other acid
options also exist, such as nitric and hydrochloric acids, but due to the higher prices,
as well as the risk to causes greater damage to the environment and the increased
chloride levels from hydrochloric acid that may cause problems later in the
processing chain, sulfuric acid is to be preferred. The amount of sulfuric acid that is
used in this process can vary drastically from a few kilograms per ton ore to tens of
kilograms of acid per kilogram ore. If the uranium ore contains brannerite, which is a

uranium calcium titanium iron oxide, or uranium-bearing zircon or alkaline minerals,
such as carbonate as mentioned earlier, higher sulfuric acid amounts are needed.
Brannerite is a tricky mineral as it is very resistant and can still contain uranium after
treatment especially if the plant focuses more on the economic efficiency than trying
to recover all the uranium. In order to produce a high yield of uranium maintaining a
suitable oxidizing environment during acid leaching is critical. In order to maintain
the environment in an oxidizing state, different oxidizing agents can be added such
as pyrolusite, oxygen, Caro’s acid and many more. If no free oxygen gen is available
in the process that will take place in the uranium ore is the reducing of the ferric ion
into the ferrous ion. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
When the uranium is in an aqueous solution the normal procedure is to do additional
purification and concentrate the uranium before it is packaged. As uranium is
typically not present as a metal ion in the uranium ore, but as a part of an anionic
complex, the uranium must be separated from this complex. According to Hore-Lacy
(2016) the two preferred methods to remove uranium from the loaded solution are
solvent exchange and ion exchange. Solvent exchange is a technology that is used for
separation, purification and recovery. In solvent exchange the different solubility of
the compounds is taken advantage of by using two different immiscible liquids, these
liquids typically being water and an organic solvent like kerosene with added amines.
Solvent exchange can only be used in uranium recovery in combination with acid
leach solutions. The loaded solution and barren solvent are mixed which results in
uranium being transferred into the solvent while leaving the other dissolved metals
behind. The mixture is left to settle with the loaded solvent floating above the now
barren aqueous solution. The barren aqueous solution can be cleaned and topped up
with acid and oxidant and returned to the extraction stage for reuse. The next step in
solvent exchange is to mix the loaded solvent with a new aqueous solution
containing different compounds and repeat the process mentioned earlier multiple
times in order to increase the uranium concentration and remove any unwanted
purities. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
Hore-Lacy (2016) states that ion exchange is the exchange of ions from a solution
with ions from solid organic resins. Ion exchange is a reversible process, allowing
the target ion, in this case the uranium complex, to be recovered and the resin to be

regenerated. The process can be used for both acid and alkaline leaching in order to
recover the uranium. Uranium is present in a loaded solution in anionic forms,
complexed with carbonate and sulfate ions instead of metallic cations. The resins are
usually small polymeric beads with a diameter around 0.5 mm. The loaded solution
is flown through a tank filled with resin in which the uranium is absorbed onto the
resin as an anionic complex. Different variants of ion exchange exist, and one variant
that has seen an increase of interest, is the resin-in-pulp technique, in which the
finely grounded ore and the loaded solution is mixed into a pulp to which resin is
mixed into. The resin is then separated out of the mix with the help of screening.
After separating the loaded resin, the next step is to wash the resin with a different
aqueous solution. Doing this causes the uranium to leave the resin and enter the new
solution in a process called elution. The resin is regenerated with a third aqueous
solution and reused to absorb more uranium. The uranium in the eluate will have a
much higher concentration and contain fewer impurities when compared to the
original loaded solution. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
Uranium can be precipitated from the solution by using different precipitants
depending on the solution type. The solution type as well as the precipitant that is
used will affect the pH range. Common precipitants that are used are hydrogen
peroxide, ammonia, magnesia, magnesium hydroxide and sodium hydroxide. Factors
that are considered when choosing the precipitant are the purity of the feed solution,
reagent cost, product specifications as well as the environmental impact of the
chosen reagent. The last-mentioned factor has made ammonia a less popular choice
for a precipitant as it can cause severe environmental damage and is tricky to remove
from the wastewater stream. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
The final step is to remove the moisture and drying of the uranium precipitate. This
process varies among operations, but the uranium precipitate usually first washed
with good quality water after which the precipitate is dried. Equipment that is
commonly used in this process are horizontal belt filter, batch filter or centrifuges.
The final drying equipment and the temperature used also varies from cases to case,
with the drying temperatures in larger mines usually reach up to 700 °C. The final
product that is achieved at high temperatures is usually U3O8. U3O8 has a theoretical
uranium content around 85%. In smaller mines the final product can contain

peroxide, magnesium, sodium or ammonium in addition to oxygen meaning that the
uranium metal content can be much lower when compared to the final products that
have been roasted at high temperatures. The final product is often called yellowcake,
mostly due to the possible yellow color, although the correct technical term for the
product is uranium ore concentrate or UOC. The final product is packaged into
drums, volume depending on the customers desires. The drums usually have a
volume of 400 liters and can weigh up to 300 kg. The drums are marked clearly and
can be transported by road, rail and sea. The drums that are being transported must
be accounted for and a strict record must be kept in order to comply with national
and international safeguard requirements. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
2.5.4

CONVERSION

According to Crossland (2012), uranium conversion is the process in which pure
uranium hexafluoride (UF6) is manufactured from the yellowcake from the mining
and refining process. UF6 is needed in the enrichment process as uranium in metal
and compound form have very high boiling points and as such are very difficult to
transform into gas phase. The exception to this is UF6 that is a volatile solid at room
temperature and has a vapor pressure of 10.6 kPa at 20 °C and a sublimation point of
56 °C. The critical point for UF6 occurs at 64 °C and 151.7 kPa. The different states
for UF6 can be seen in figure 7.

Figure 7 Uranium hexafluoride phase diagram (Crossland, 2012)

The high vapor pressure allows for UF6 to be handled as a gas in low pressure and
room temperature or at a slightly elevated temperature. Crossland (2012) mentions
that there are five commercial conversion services operated. These services provided
by Rosatom/JSC TVEL (Russia), Honeywell/Converdyn (USA),
AREVANC/Comurhex (France), Cameco (Canada) and Westinghouse/Springfields
Fuels Limited (SFL, UK). (Crossland, 2012)
Every step that takes place during conversion can be seen in figure 8 and the most
important steps of this process will be looked at in this section.

Figure 8 Uranium hexafluoride conversion process (Crossland, 2012)

The first step in the conversion process is dissolving the yellowcake in concentrated
nitric acid in order to form uranyl nitrate. After this the uranyl nitrate is mixed with a

solution consisting of tributylphosphate, or TBP for short, and a hydrocarbon dilute,
in most cases kerosene, in order to extract uranium into the solvent phase. Next the
uranium is separated from this aqueous phase, leaving impurities behind, and washed
out from the solvent using fresh dilute nitric acid or water in order to get a solution of
purified uranyl nitrate. The kerosene used in this process does not have a chemical
role and is used exclusively to lower the density of the solvent in order to make it
easier to separate the aqueous phase and solvent phases. The solvent can be recycled
after going through an alkaline wash as the solvent is not consumed. (Crossland,
2012)
After solvent extraction, the uranyl nitrate is boiled down in order to increase the
concentration of uranium in the solution to around 1100–1300 kg/m3. After boiling,
this concentrated solution is fed into a high temperature denitration unit in order to
get rid of the water and decompose the nitrate in the solution in order to get a
purified uranium trioxide (UO3) product. The equipment for this step of the process
can vary from the use of pot denitrators to fluidized bed reactors. The next step of the
conversion of natural uranium into UF6 is to turn the pure UO3 into the intermediary
product, uranium tetrafluoride (UF4). The initial reaction in order to produce UF4 is
to add hydrogen and reduce UO3 into uranium dioxide (UO2) at high temperature.
Depending on the facility in which the conversion is carried out at, different
equipment is used. Cameco does this step by using a fluidized bed reactor, while SFL
uses a rotary kiln and a furnace is used by AREVA. Crossland (2012) does point out
that equipment that is used in this step does not actually affect how the reaction is
done. (Crossland, 2012)
Crossland (2012) mentions that the next step in conversion is to turn UO2 into
uranium tetrafluoride. This can be done in different ways depending on the
equipment that is used. If a rotary kiln is used, the common method to produce UF4
is to make the uranium dioxide react with hydrogen fluoride gas at a high
temperature in order to produce UF4. Another option is to make UO2 react with a
hydrofluoric acid at a temperature of 100 °C, after which the solution is dried and
calcined in order to remove water of crystallization before additional fluorination.
(Crossland, 2012)

The final step in converting yellowcake into uranium hexafluoride is to convert UF4
into uranium hexafluoride. The process is quite simple according to Crossland (2012)
as UF4 is made to react with fluorine gas at a high temperature in order to produce
UF6. The only tricky part in the final step is the production of the fluorine gas that is
needed in the last step. Fluorine gas is an extremely reactive gas and is usually
produced at the conversion facility itself. This is done by using electrochemical cells
with graphite anodes. The cells themselves contain molten potassium bifluoride salt
as the electrolyte that is fed anhydrous hydrogen fluoride gas at a constant flow. The
hydrogen fluoride that is fed into the electrochemical cell are split into hydrogen and
fluorine component elements and the fluorine component is fed into the UF6
production reactor. Depending on the type of reactor that is used to carry out the last
step in this process the temperatures can vary quite drastically. The temperature in
flame reactors usually reach 800–900 °C, while much lower temperature (450 °C) are
used in fluidized bed reactors. Once the reaction has been completed and UF6 has
been produced, the UF6 gas is collected and condensed into a solid state. The solid
UF6 is then heated until it reaches liquid form in order to drive out any remaining gas
impurities, making it possible to sample the liquid and provides a form that is easy to
dispense into transport containers. The liquid UF6 is then dispensed into containers
for transport and left to cool and solidify for around five days, after which the
uranium hexafluoride is ready to be transported to the enrichment facility.
(Crossland, 2012)
Crossland (2012) mentions that other ways to produce UF6 also exist, but the writer
of this thesis has chosen not go through these techniques any more than to mention
that the process are different in the way that uranium dioxide is produced in the
beginning of the process after which the process are generally the same as described
earlier. The exception to this being the conversion process that is used in Russia, in
which the yellowcake is made to react with fluorine gas in a flame reactor from the
start in order to produce UF6. (Crossland, 2012)
2.5.5

ENRICHMENT

According to Hore-Lacy (2016) all the major commercial civil enrichment facilities
use some form of gas centrifuge to achieve isotope separation of 235U to 238U. In
order to use a gas centrifuge, the uranium that is being enriched must be in a gaseous

state. The process that is done to turn natural uranium into uranium hexafluoride was
described earlier. Isotope separation is a purely physical process and no chemical
transformation occurs. The feedstock that is used in separation in gas centrifuges is
UF6 and the product as well as the tail also contain UF6. The product can be
converted into uranium dioxide later in the nuclear fuel manufacturing process. Ever
since uranium has been enriched on an industrial scale, uranium hexafluoride has
been used, and this has led to the global industrial infrastructure that supports
uranium enrichment to be built to support the process that uses uranium hexafluoride
in order to enrich uranium. This is also due to previous enrichment method called gas
diffusion that was used earlier but it has mostly been replaced by gas centrifuges in
modern times. It is possible that some form of enrichment technology could emerge
that could challenge the current norm, however if such as technology did emerge, it
would require large investments and changes to the current infrastructure. (HoreLacy, 2016)
Gas centrifuge technology take advantage of the mass difference of 235UF6 and
238

UF6 to promote separation. This process is done by feeding UF6 gas into a

centrifuge unit that spins at a very high speed. The centrifuge must be vacuumed
before feeding the UF6 into the centrifuge. The centrifuge is kept at a constant
temperature and protected from impact and other physical interference that might
interfere with the process. The wall of the centrifuge acts as the rotor. Crossland
(2012) explains that rotation of the gas applies an acceleration to the gas molecules
in the direction of the walls of the centrifuges, and due to the higher mass of some of
the gas molecules, they are affected by greater forces and makes the heavier gas
molecules concentrate at the centrifuge walls while the lighter gas molecules are
concentrated closer to the central axis of the centrifuge. The next step in gas
centrifuge enrichment process is to use a thermal gradient to make the partial
separated gas circulate along the axis of the centrifuge, after which scoops are used
to draw off an enriched product stream and another stream for the depleted tails. A
simplified gas centrifuge can be seen in figure 9 below.

Figure 9 Simplified gas centrifuge (Crossland, 2012)

The centrifuge itself is connected to a motor that is used to drive the rotor and in the
top part of the centrifuge there are magnetic bearings. The inlet and outlet pipes go
through the magnetic bearings. A casing surrounds the centrifuge and the space
between the centrifuge and casing is evacuated in order to minimize friction. It
should be noted that modern centrifuges can be run for long periods of time without
maintenance. The failure rate for a gas centrifuge is less than 1% per year and some
centrifuges can run for years without failure. Thanks to the high reliability of
centrifuges, they can be kept running 24/7. (Crossland, 2012)
According to both Crossland (2012) and Hore-Lacy (2016) the degree of separation
that is achieved in a gas centrifuge is small and the process must be repeated
hundreds of times in order to achieve the needed the required concentrations that are
need to enrich the uranium in order for it to be useable by nuclear power plants. In
order to speed this process multiple gas centrifuges are connected in series and
parallel in order to reach the desired outputs and reduce the 235U levels in the tails
which will increase the economic viability. The configuration of machines that are

used to perform repeated isotope separations is known as a cascade. The steps that
are included in a cascade can be seen in figure 10.

Figure 10 Casacde process (Hore-Lacy, 2016)

Crossland (2012) mentions that commercial scale gas centrifuge plants can possess
tens of thousands of gas centrifuges and many cascades in order to do this.
(Crossland, 2012; Hore-Lacy, 2016)
The tails that is produced during the enrichment process is usually kept by the
enricher as the contracts made with customers usually state that the customer
provides the enricher with a certain amount of feedstock and will receive a certain
amount of enriched product. The degree of 235U that the tail may contain is usually
stated in the contract and tails that fall under that limit is kept by the enricher. As the
tail still contains 235U it is possible to further treat and enrich the tail in order to
produce more product by using the tail as feedstock. Different factors will decide if it
is economically viable to further enrich the tails. Some of the factors that affect this
are the price of natural uranium feedstock, the price of enrichment services as well as

the marginal costs of operating an enrichment facility. In cases where the enrichment
facilities possess a surplus of enrichment capacity, the tails are usually treated as the
enriched tails can be sold on the uranium market. Other options for treating the
produced tails is to operate plants in a mode of operating that is known as
“underfeeding”. In this mode, the enricher will use more separate work units than
agreed in the customer contract to provide the agreed upon enriched product and strip
the tails to a lower assay than agreed and by doing so, less feedstock is used. The
unused feedstock can then be sold back to the market. Underfeeding is usually done
in times when the demand for primary enrichment is suppressed. In cases where
uranium feedstock prices are low, enrichers can choose to overfeed enrichment
plants. This mode is the opposite of underfeeding, meaning that the enricher uses less
separate work units and more feedstock than agreed upon. This has only been done in
cases where the price of natural uranium has been much lower than enrichment
services or when enrichment services have been in short supply compared to the
demand. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
2.5.6

CONVERSION OF ENRICHED URANIUM HEXAFLUORIDE INTO
URANIUM DIOXIDE

The next step in the uranium processing chain is to convert the uranium hexafluoride
into uranium dioxide. Uranium hexafluoride is received in a solid form at the fuel
fabrication facility in 30B transport cylinders. The first step in converting UF6 into
UO2 is to heat the transport cylinder until the uranium hexafluoride is vaporized. This
is done by using steam in an autoclave, electrically heated hot air chamber or an
electrically heated blanket. Once the UF6 is liquified and enough UF6 gas pressure is
generated above the liquid, the gaseous UF6 is drained from the cylinder. It is also
possible to use vacuum at ambient temperature to drain uranium hexafluoride gas
from the cylinder; however, heating is the more common way of doing this step of
the process. Many of the processes and chemical reaction that the place when
converting the enriched uranium hexafluoride into uranium oxide are similar to those
that take place the natural uranium is processed. There are several conversion
processes that can be used in order to produce uranium hexafluoride and the most
common processes will be explained briefly in this section. (Piro, 2020)

The first process that can be used for conversion is the ammonium diuranate route,
which is a wet process in which UF6 is hydrolyzed in order to produce a solution of
uranyl fluoride (UO2F2) and hydrofluoric acid (HF(aq)). This process can be seen
from figure 11.

Figure 11 ADU conversion (Piro, 2020)

The reaction itself is exothermic and takes place instantly. Uranyl fluoride can by
itself be easily dissolved in water, but as the solution that is formed when UF6 is
mixed into water contains HF, this will decrease the solubility of uranyl fluoride. The
reactors that are used to carry out are designed with a few important features that are
needed for this process to be carried out smoothly. It is important that the reactors
include at least the following features to operate well: nozzle designs that prevent
clogging from occurring by the hydrolysis products, reactor materials that are
corrosion resistant, suitable reactor size for the intended volumes as well as the
abilities to control the concentration of uranyl fluoride and suitable mixing
capabilities. Hore-Lacy (2016) mentions that in the next step ammonia is added to
the uranyl fluoride solution in order to produce precipitate of ammonia diuranate
(ADU). After this the ADU is filtered, dried and calcined in the presence of steam
and reduction is done with the help of hydrogen in order to produce uranium dioxide
powder. (Hore-Lacy, 2016; Piro, 2020)

The second process that can be in order to get uranium dioxide from the uranium
hexafluoride is the ammonium uranyl carbonate route. This process steps can be seen
as a whole from figure 12.

Figure 12 AUC route (Piro, 2020)

The first step in this process is the feeding of UF6 gas into a stirred aqueous system at
the same time as gaseous carbon dioxide and ammonia is fed into the reactor. The
reaction between these elements form an ammonium uranyl carbonate precipitate
with ammonium fluoride (NH4F) in solution. The AUC precipitate is filtered from
the mother liquor and washed in order to reduce the fluoride content in the uranium
dioxide product. The filter cake is washed with methanol in order to get rid of some
of the moisture content. In order to convert the solid AUC into uranium dioxide,
thermal decomposition and reduction is done in one or multiple fluidized-bed
reactors at temperatures between 520 °C and 650 °C. This will produce uranium
trioxide, which is reduced by using hydrogen in the fluidizing gas stream in order to
convert it into uranium dioxide. The fluoride content is also reduced and removed
from the reactor as hydrogen fluoride. The uranium dioxide that is produce by using
this process will have surface activity and will have to be stabilized in order to keep a
relatively constant oxygen/uranium ration once it is exposed to air. (Piro, 2020)
The final process that is used in order to turn uranium hexafluoride into uranium
dioxide is a dry technique that according to Crossland (2012) is the most
environmentally friendly conversion process when compared to earlier two
processes. This is due to the process not creating any uranium contaminated waste

and the clean water that is left by this process as well as the hydrogen fluoride can
easily be disposed. Many different dry technique processes exist however only the
integrated dry route will be explained in this section. The IDR was originally
developed and used as a commercial process in the UK in 1969. The process has
later been implemented by other producers as the main benefit of the process is that
the whole reaction chain can be done in one reaction vessel as can be seen in figure
13.

Figure 13 IDR route (Piro, 2020)

In IDR, the vaporized uranium hexafluoride is injected into the reaction chamber that
is located in the front of the reaction vessel at temperature ranging between 150 °C to
250 °C. The UF6 is then contacted with a jet of superheated steam in order to form a
product plume of UO2F2 particulate as well as HF in an exothermic reaction that
takes place instantly. Pori (2020) explains that the UO2F2 disengages from the HF in
the reaction chamber and is fed into the rotary kiln with the help of a screw feeder.
Sintered metal filters are used to remove the hydrogen fluoride from the reaction
chamber after which it is sent over to a HF recovery process. Once the uranyl
fluoride enters the rotary kiln it is converted to uranium dioxide with the help of a
countercurrent flow of steam and hydrogen at a temperature interval of 500–800 °C.
The mechanism of the reaction is seen continue by separate pyrohydrolysis and
reduction steps, however in reality the mechanism can be more complex with
different competing reactions. This step in the process is endothermic. (Piro, 2020)
2.5.7

FUEL PELLET PRODUCTION

The next step in the nuclear fuel production chain is turning the uranium dioxide
powder into pellets. In order to convert the uranium dioxide powder into pellets the
following steps are done; mixing the UO2 powder with a binding and lubrication
agents, compaction or cold pressing, sintering and finally precision grinding. (HoreLacy, 2016)
The binding and lubricating agents that are added in the first step of this process are
typically organic compounds such as aluminum or zinc stearate and stearic acid. By
adding these agents, it is possible to enhance pore formation and in doing so increase
the density during the sintering process. Hore-Lacy (2016) points out that binding
agents also increases the strength of the powder once it is cold pressed and also helps
in reducing dust hazards that can be associated with the use of uranium dioxide
powder. After these additives have been added to the powder, the next step is to cold
press the powder into so called green pellets. The green pellets have a density of
around 55–60% of the theoretical density. In order to increase the density of the
green pellets as well as to get rid of the additives, sintering is done in a hightemperature furnace. Once sintering is complete, the green pellets will have been
converted into a stable ceramic that has the necessary heat transfer properties that are
required for nuclear fuel. The final pellet density will be between 96–97% of the
theoretical density. After sintering the pellets are grounded down to the final
dimension, inspected and stored for fuel rod loading. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
2.5.8

BURNABLE ABSORBERS

Burnable absorbers are according to Hore-Lacy (2016) neutron-absorbing materials
that included in light water reactor fuel as means of power shaping, local powerpeaking control as well as long-term reactivity control. Burnable absorbers are
sometimes called burnable poisons. Burnable absorbers that are used for long-term
reactivity control are depleted as the fuel assembly is used in the reactor core and
provides more reactivity control when the assembly is taken into use, decreasing over
time. Whether burnable absorbers are used or not depends on the fuel vendor as well
as the fuel design, but in general absorbers can be grouped into three different
groups; discrete absorbers, intimately mix absorbers and surface coating absorbers.
(Hore-Lacy, 2016)

Discrete absorbers are rarely used today, only found in PWR fuel designs and are
usually used in the form of absorber filled rods that are inserted into an empty rod
control cluster assembly guide tube. Materials that are used in discrete absorbers are
Boron-10 dope Pyrex glass or aluminum oxide-boron carbide pellets. Hore-Lacy
(2016) points out that reactivity control is done by varying the absorber that is loaded
per rod as well as the number of absorbers rods that are sued per fuel assembly and
the total fuel assemblies that contain absorbers. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
The next type of burnable absorbers, intimately mixed absorbers, are made by
combining uranium dioxide with gadolinium (GdO2) and erbium (ErO2) before
palletization. Intimately mixed absorbers can be used by both PWR and BWR fuel
designs and most fuel manufacturers use this type of absorber. It should be pointed
out that BWRs exclusively use gadolinium as an absorber, while PWRs use both
gadolinium and erbium. According to Hore-Lacy (2016) reactivity control is
achieved in a similar way that was mentioned earlier with the added method of
varying the distribution of the absorber in the fuel rods. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
The final group of burnable absorbers is the surface coating absorbers. Surface
coating absorbers are applied as thin coating on every fuel pellet in the fuel rod. The
coatings that are used for this are boron compounds such as zirconium diboride
(ZrB2). These coated pellets can then be distributed in different ways in the fuels rods
in order to achieve specific power-peaking control. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
2.5.9

FUEL ROD FABRICATION

The specifics of fuel rods vary between fabricators and fuel type, in general a light
water reactor fuel rod is composed of a zirconium alloy cladding tube, a column of
uranium oxide pellets, two end plugs as well as an internal plenum spring. Each
manufactured fuel rod possesses a unique identification number that makes it
possible to trace the history of every rod. According to Hore-Lacy (2016) the plenum
springs task is to prevent pellet movement inside the fuel rod and to protect the rod
from any possible damage that might occur during handling operations. (Hore-Lacy,
2016)
The manufacturing process usually consists of the following steps that will be
explained briefly in this section. In the first step the bottom end plug is inserted into

the cladding tube. Once the bottom plug is in the correct position, it is welded in
place. The fuel pellets are loaded into the cladding tube as a column. This is done
either by pushing the pellets into the cladding tube horizontally or gravity loaded at
an angle. The method with which the fuel pellets are loaded depends on the
fabricator. Once the pellets have been loaded into the tube, the length of the pellet
column is measured and verified that it is the correct length and follows the
manufacturing specification. The plenum spring is inserted and placed at the top of
the pellet column, once the tube contains the correct number of pellets and the length
of the column fulfills the specifications. Once the spring is in place, the top of the
cladding tube is placed into a sealed chamber for pressurization. Hore-Lacy (2016)
points out that helium is added into the fuel rod until the specified internal pressure is
reached. The end plug can be put into place and welded once the pressure is correct,
however some fabricators weld the end plug into place before pressurization, in
which cases the end plug includes a hole that is used to achieve pressurization that
must be welded shut at this point. At this point the fuel rod is complete and different
inspections are carried out in order to verify that the quality of the fuel rod is up to
standards and no manufacturing errors have slipped by into the final product. The
inspections that are done are non-destructive techniques such as visual, x-ray, and
ultrasonic inspections. (Hore-Lacy, 2016)
2.5.10 SPENT FUEL STORAGE AND DISPOSAL
Once the nuclear fuel has been spent in the reactor it needs to be disposed or stored
properly. According to The Radiation Act (592/1991) the waste generated in the use
of radiation and other radiation practices shall be kept to the minimum which is
reasonably practicable without compromising the general principles of radiation
protection. According to the report by the Ministry of Employment and the
Economy, Energy Department (2016) the objective of final disposal is to process
spent fuel in a way so that it will not cause damage or waste management obligations
in the future. This should be done in a way in which future generations would not be
required to know about the existence or location of the disposal facilities. In order to
minimize the risk for accidental discover or misuse of nuclear waste, the repositories
should be placed deep in bedrock and records should be kept of where and how the

canisters containing the waste are stored for future generations. (Ministry of
Employment and the Economy, Energy Department, 2016)
In Finland, spent nuclear fuel assemblies are cooled down for a few years in water
pools in the reactor hall or fuel building. Once the assemblies have cooled down,
they transferred in a transport cask to the on-site interim storage water-filled pools, in
which they will be kept under water for around 40 years. After this time the
radioactivity levels as well as heat generation have decreased to levels that are
acceptable for final storage. Finland’s disposal is to pack the fuel assemblies into
tight metal containers that have a cast-iron insert and a copper outer casing in order
to make them as corrosion resistant as possible. These containers are then transported
to the final disposal site at Olkiluoto island. (Ministry of Employment and the
Economy, Energy Department, 2016)
2.6

SMALL MODULAR REACTORS

The interest in modular low-power reactors has risen in the world in recent years.
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency, small modular reactors are
classified to have an electric capacity of up to 300 MW, and the components and
systems can be shop fabricated. The modules can be transported to the sites for
installation once a demand arises. (Khan & Nakhabov, 2020)
According to Carelli & Ingersoll (2014), no definitive power rating exists that
decides if a reactor is small or not, however, the interval of 10–300 MWe is generally
used. This range includes a minimum amount to ensure that the reactors deliver
enough power for them to be suitable for practical industrial application. The
modules include the NSSS which, when coupled with a power conversion system
like a turbine and generator or a process heat system, can be used to produce energy
in a form that is needed. As mentioned in the definition by IAEA, these modules are
designed and manufactured at a factory and transported to the installation site. The
whole unit can consist of one or several modules, which can be built at the same time
or installed later, once there is an increased need in power generation. As the
modules are built in a factory and not on the installation site, costs can be kept lower
as compared to conventional nuclear power plant construction. The reactor term in

this case refers to the nuclear reactor in which a controlled nuclear fission reaction is
carried out in order to generate energy. (Carelli & Ingersoll, 2020)
Currently, various countries have started projects in order to develop and build
SMRs. According to Budnitz, Rogner & Shihab-Eldin (2018), nearly 40 different
SMR design concepts are being developed worldwide, yet none of these are for sale
currently. Only a few of these reactors are under construction now. Most of the
reactors under construction are PWRs. (Budnitz, Rogner & Shihab-Eldin, 2018)
2.6.1

ADVANTAGES OF SMRs

Small modular reactors have many advantages when compared to conventional
nuclear reactors. Budnitz, Rogner & Shihab-Eldin (2018), claim that the initial
investment cost of building SMRs when compared to large reactors will naturally be
lower and, thus, present much lower investment risks to project sponsors. They also
mention that even though the initial investment cost will be lower, the specific
investment costs per kWe installed are expected to be much higher than large
reactors at the beginning of SMR building. This will most likely lead to higher costs
per generated kilowatt electricity when compared to current NPPs, with some
estimations reaching up to 50%, or in worst cases, even more cost per kWe. Other
experts claim that the costs of kWe will be lower when compared to new NPPs, but
most experts agree that the disadvantages that may occur at the beginning of SMR
construction will over time turn into an advantage for SMR, as the process is
developed and cost can be lowered over time. Budnitz, Rogner & Shihab-Eldin
(2018), also observe that some economics of SMRs, such as capital costs, operating,
maintenance and fuel cost, are still unknown. Other factors that might be in favor of
SMRs are the cost reductions that will come from standardization, shop fabrication
as well as the reduced levels of complexity of SMR designs that can be associated
with the modular nature of the reactor types. Modularity also allows for improved
quality control during construction, shorter construction time which will decrease the
risks of cost escalation and the cost reductions that occur during learning by doing.
Learning while doing means that while SMRs or any other technology is being built,
the workers involved in the process will learn more about the technology as they gain
experience during the work process. The increased experience can and will, in most
cases, lead to performance improvements of a new technology in both production

and deployment. Learning while doing will also lead to cost reductions, as the
manufacturing process will improve over time and the construction times will
become shorter. The fabrication of SMRs also means that the risks for delays in the
construction schedule are less likely to occur when compared to conventional nuclear
power plant construction sites, as the process is standardized. (Budnitz, Rogner &
Shihab-Eldin, 2018)
Another major benefit of SMRs when compared to large reactors is grid
compatibility. Customers who might be interested in nuclear power plants usually
have constraints regarding the size and need of the power capacity additions made,
and these constraints can make building conventional nuclear power plants
problematic, as the power capacity is too large. The power capacity of SMRs is, in
many cases, closer to the need and the mentioned lower prices of constructing SMRs
make it a more attractive option. The shorter construction times are also a major
benefit as well as the possibility to use the SMR power plants for other purposes than
electricity generation also favors SMRs. The different uses for SMRs will be
discussed later in this thesis. (Carelli & Ingersoll, 2020)
2.6.2

SMR CHALLENGES

According to Ingersoll (2016), SMRs also face many challenges in addition to all the
advantages that the reactor type has. Ingersoll (2016) mentions that the first and
biggest challenge that SMRs must overcome, is for the SMR designers to finish their
designs. Licensing does not require the designs to be complete before a license can
be given, however, as the nuclear industry has learned, a complete design will help
avoid construction delays as well as huge cost overruns. A perfect example of this is
the Olkiluoto nuclear power plant that is being built in Finland, which has seen
multiple delays and the budget has been exceeded by billions of euros. Ingersoll
(2016) notes that for SMRs to succeed, it is important that the reactor vendors do not
give in under pressure from investors and customers and introduce new technologies
that have not matured and been tested thoroughly. Some experts believe that SMRs
have high standards that it must reach and, hopefully surpass, if the technology is to
compete with and possibly replace LRs. (Ingersoll, 2016)
Ingersoll (2016) stresses that experience with LWR technology has been gained over

the years and mentions that according to an assessment conducted by Oak Ridge
National Laboratory, LWRs have been in operation for over 20,000 reactor years.
When compared to other types of nuclear reactors the operational time for LWRs is
by far the longest, as the second longest operational time for a reactor is the gascooled type and this reactor type has only run for 2,000 reactor years. This can lead
to many different challenges when designing and engineering non-LWRs, as
experience with some of these types of reactors is still low. Depending on the coolant
that is used in a reactor, the operational temperatures of the reactor can vary quite
drastically compared to LWRs, and because of this, the materials used in the reactor
must be chosen carefully in order to ensure that they are suitable for the high
temperatures. Another factor that designers and engineers must take into account is
the type of nuclear fuel that is used in the reactor. Different coolants can require
different types of nuclear fuel, and these fuel types can utilize high- or low-energy
fission reactions which, in turn, impacts the rate and type of radiation damage that it
inflicts on the surrounding materials. Fuel cycle length also brings challenges, as
some SMR designs claim that the cycle can be 10–15 times longer when compared to
current LWR fuels. Designers must make sure that the protective cladding, and the
fuel material are able to withstand the conditions in the reactor and maintain their
integrity for a much longer time. (Ingersoll, 2016)
Designers of light water SMRs choose to use as much of regular NPP components as
possible to keep costs down, as well as to hasten the development and licensing
processes. Using old and known parts in the design also helps minimize testing and
keep the qualification costs down when compared to a first-of-a-kind component. It
should be noted that it is not always possible to use old parts and sometimes it is
necessary to design new components. As most of SMR designs utilize iPWR
technology, Ingersoll (2016) points out that some new technological development is
needed for parts that are unconventional such as helical coil steam generators,
internal control rod drive mechanisms and internal coolant pumps. As these parts are
completely new, they need to go through thorough testing and be qualified for the
operational environment in order to fulfill the needs and demands of regulators as
well as customers. Ingersoll (2016) also mentions that, in addition to these parts,
sensors, instrumentation and control systems may need to be developed especially

for SMRs. Due to the lack of external primary coolant loops in integral SMRs, new
methods must be developed in order to carry out in-vessel measurements. For SMRs
to be used remotely in remote locations, implementation of additional sensors and
instrumentation is necessary to allow the reactor operators to monitor plant health,
run diagnostics and prognostics. Cogeneration may also need new control systems to
be developed in order to properly control the multiproduct load balancing. (Ingersoll,
2016)
Ingersoll (2016) also notes that computational analysis methods need to be developed
and validated in order to enhance the methods with which safety and operational
performance of reactor components and systems can be predicted. Codes for analysis
exist, especially for LWR-based designs; however, the differences in system
configuration can create new data and validation needs. As SMRs use natural
circulation flow for the primary coolant during normal operational conditions,
thorough validation of the methods that are used to simulate and predict thermalhydraulic performance during all operational conditions is needed. (Ingersoll, 2016)
Another computational method that must be modified and further developed for it to
be used reliably with SMRs is called probabilistic risk assessment. PRA is a method
for analyzing the safety and reliability of a nuclear power plant, with a focus on
assessing the possibility of a severe accident occurring. According to Ingersoll
(2016), PRA has been developed for single reactor units and has not been used for
units that include multiple reactors and, thus, does not consider how the reactors
might cross-unit interact. The accident at the Fukushima Daiichi plant involved four
out of the six reactors cross-unit reacting with each other, with hydrogen generated in
one reactor leaking into another reactor and causing an explosion. This accident has
given designers valuable information about cross-unit accidents and gave birth to the
idea that multimodule plants need multimodule analyses to be developed. It is
possible to modify single-unit PRA and adapt it for multi-unit analysis, however
experts agree that new analyses should be developed for multimodule plants.
(Ingersoll, 2016)
The last challenge that Ingersoll (2016) mentions can be counted as both a social and
technical challenge. He claims that for SMRs to remain economically successful it is
important to optimize the economies of SMRs and to keep the designs as simple as

possible. This can be done by staying on guard against creeping complexities when
designing the reactors as new challenges rise. (Ingersoll, 2016)
2.6.3

SMR SAFETY

The primary concern that most common people have about nuclear reactors is the
possibility of an accident occurring that will release radiation and the possible
damages radiation might cause. The safety of NPPs is improving fast and SMRs are
no exception to this. According to Budnitz, Rogner & Shihab-Eldin (2018), the
primary reason for why SMRs being less prone to accidents compared to LRs is that
the thermal energy production per reactor is lower compared to their larger
counterparts during both operation and during shutdown. This makes cooling a
reactor much easier during an accident or during a regular shutdown. Since cooling is
easier, the risk of a core meltdown, as well as the possibility of radioactive material
release, is drastically reduced. In some SMR designs, passive approaches are used to
remove decay heat, extending the time before overheating becomes an issue, and
increasing the stability and safety of said reactor designs. This section will focus on
the safety features of water-based SMRs. (Budnitz, Rogner & Shihab-Eldin, 2018)
Active safety systems require some sort of external power, force, action or signal in
order to work, according to Carelli & Ingersoll (2014). Systems that can be put into
this category are pumps and motor-driven or manually operated valves. As these
safety features require external power, they are vulnerable and if they are damaged in
a natural disaster or terrorist attack, they can make the NPP vulnerable to accidents.
Passive safety systems, in contrast, work based on the laws and forces of nature and
require no external power, making them less vulnerable to external impacts. It should
be noted that building a reactor that only uses passive safety systems is difficult and
somewhat risky, even though the risk of the system’s failing is significantly lower
compared to active systems. Passive systems can be destroyed in accidents. Carelli &
Ingersoll (2014) mention examples, such as pipes in the natural circulation loop
which can be crushed during an earthquake or a wall that is used as a safety
separation barrier, can collapse. For this reason, most modern nuclear power plants
use both active and passive safety systems in order to make the plants as safe as
possible. Another approach that is used is safety by design. Safety by design is
achieved by making design and engineering choices that can stop certain accidents

and types of accidents from occurring. Doing this does not only remove the risk of
said accidents from occurring but also removes the need of the safety systems that
are in place to counter those accidents. Design choices that can be made include
avoiding large primary piping and instead using multiple small ones, in order to
avoid loss-of-coolant accidents from occurring, if the piping ruptures or is otherwise
damaged. Another example is to use shaftless coolant pumps in order to avoid shaft
seizure or shaft break, thus reducing the risk of core meltdown. (Carelli & Ingersoll,
2020)
In the case of SMRs, many of the PWR designs obtain their inherent safety features
from their integral design. Due to the high pressure that is used in PWR, the reactor
type is sensitive to leaks or breaches of the primary boundary. However, iPWRs are
not as vulnerable to leaks as the integral design makes external piping redundant
which, in turn, makes the risk of leaks much lower. The integral design of SMRs also
reduces the risk of LOCA from occurring. The primary coolant is also contained in
the reactor vessel and as the steam generators and primary heat exchangers are also
internal in SMRs, the risk of steam pipe ruptures is lower as the pipes are not
external and not as vulnerable to external factors that might damage them. Since the
reactor type uses natural circulation in order to remove heat in both normal and offnormal condition, the need for auxiliary pumps and external power is eliminated as
well as the risk of either failing. Carelli & Ingersoll (2014) also stress that due to the
longer core life of SMRs, the chance of refueling accidents is reduced, as refueling is
done rarely. Since SMRs also contain less fuel compared to LRs, a debate regarding
whatever the EPZ could be reduced for SMRs has started. Reducing or removing the
EPZ would mean that SMRs could be placed near cities, or even in cities, making the
district heating with SMRs more viable. (Carelli & Ingersoll, 2020)
According to Liu & Fan (2014), SMRs have an increased relative coolant inventory
compared to LRs. This means that the water volume per power unit is much higher
and, in the case of an accident in which the flow of coolant is stopped or slowed
down, the reactor operators have more time to react and get the situation under
control. SMRs also have an increased passive cooling capability, since the vessel’s
height-to-diameter ratio is 2–3 times larger than an LRs. This factor also means that
the gravity-driven natural convection circulation capability is increased and, in some

reactor, designs the natural circulation can be enough to cool the core at full power
operation. Liu & Fan (2014) mention that as SMRs are smaller in size, the economic
viability for building the plant underground is increased. Building an SMR
underground will protect it from outside attacks and certain accidents from
occurring. Underground construction also helps to protect the reactor from seismic
activity and reduces the risk of the fission product being released during an accident.
(Liu & Fan, 2014)
According to the International Atomic Energy Agency (2016), in some iPWR SMR
designs the control rod drive mechanism is placed inside the vessel in order to
remove the possibility of rod ejection accidents and the LOCA that is tied to this type
of accident, as the penetrations in the reactor vessel closure head are eliminated. As
mentioned earlier, decay heat is removed passively in some SMR designs. The
International Atomic Energy Agency (2016) mentions that this can be done in
different ways. One method of removing decay heat is to pair the steam generators
with heat exchangers that are immersed in a water pool. In this design, the decay heat
is released into the water surrounding the parts. Another design that is used to deal
with the decay heat is to have a passively cooled condenser connected to the upper
dome of the vessel, creating a natural circulation loop that cools down the primary
system. As the valve to the condenser is opened, steam flows through the condenser
tubes and, as it is turned into water, it returns to the vessel with the help of gravity.
The decay heat can also be removed with the use of a system that utilizes pumps,
valves and heat exchangers in a similar way that is used in modern NPPs.
(International Atomic Energy Agency, 2016)
SMRs also include a safety injection system that will feed borated water into the
reactor in case of a LOCA. This can be done in different ways by using gravity,
machinery or pressurized tanks. The injection systems are divided into low- and
high-pressure injection systems. Low-pressure injection systems feed water into the
reactor once the reactor has been depressurized, whereas high-pressure injection
systems can do this while there is still pressure in the reactor. If the cooling water in
the reactor starts disappearing, the systems will feed additional borated water into the
reactor. SMRs also have containment systems that are designed to have three
functions. According to the International Atomic Energy Agency (2016), these

functions are confinement of radioactive substances in operational conditions or
accidents, protecting the plant from natural disasters or human induced events and
shielding from radiation in operational states and in accidents. The integrity of the
containment must be protected and maintained. This is done by keeping the pressure
and temperature inside the containment vessel within and below the design limits.
This can be done in different ways. One method is to use a water pool for pressure
suppression. In this solution, the high temperature steam that is released from the
reactor vessel is led into a suppression pool or tank, in which the steam will condense
and, in doing so, the pressure in the containment can be kept from rapidly increasing.
Another method to control containment pressure is to spray water into the
containment’s atmosphere. This is done in most PWR designs where the containment
structure is made of concrete. Pumps are used to inject water from the reservoirs,
which are located outside the containment, to the sprayer that is in the reactor
building dome. The sprayed water condenses the steam and reduces pressure. A more
passive method for controlling the containment pressure is to use a large volume
metal chamber as a containment unit. This metal chamber is surrounded by a
concrete building. The metal chamber is cooled by air flow or by spraying water into
it, condensing the steam that might be released during a LOCA on the inside of the
chamber. (International Atomic Energy Agency, 2016)
The International Atomic Energy Agency (2016) also mentions that SMRs have
safety features that are created to deal with severe accident conditions. One of the
methods that the agency mentions is to use an in-vessel corium retention feature.
This is done by flooding the reactor vessel cavity in a way that the lower part of the
vessel is submerged in water during severe accidents. Doing this allows for the
integrity of the vessel to be protected and the corium can be retained inside the vessel
in the case of an accident. This method is usually combined with either a passive or
active containment cooling system. SMRs also contain core catchers that are used to
prevent the molten core from escaping the containment building. The core catcher is
a specific structure or device that is placed under the reactor vessel and it is made of
a heat-resistant concrete ceramic that can withstand the temperatures of the molten
core and prevent it from melting through the containment shield. The core catcher is
designed to spread the molten core and vessel material in order to decrease the

thermal density and includes systems to keep the core stable for extended periods.
(International Atomic Energy Agency, 2016)
In accidents that cause nuclear fuel damage, the heat released from the fuel will
overheat the zirconium alloy in the fuel clad. The overheated zirconium alloy will
react with steam at high temperatures and generate hydrogen gas. This reaction is
exothermic and can cause the generated hydrogen to explode, if it reaches
stoichiometric proportions. This explosion will cause a pressure spike that can
exceed the designed pressure of the containment vessel. In order to avoid this kind of
accident, it is important that the hydrogen concentration can be reduced and
controlled. This is done using passive auto-catalytic hydrogen re-combiners that
recombine the hydrogen with oxygen when it is produced. (International Atomic
Energy Agency, 2016)
SMRs also use filtered containment venting systems in order to maintain
containment integrity by controlling the excessive pressure that can be generated
inside the containment in the case of an accident. The system vents the gases that
might be generated in the reactor, like hydrogen, and by venting these gases the
accidents associated with them can be reduced or even eliminated. Decay heat can
also be released by venting, further reducing hydrogen generation that can occur at
elevated temperatures. Using a filtered containment venting system will also
minimize the on- and off-site contamination and help save human lives as well as
reduce the impact that an accident might cause on the environment. (Bal, Jose &
Meikap, 2019)
2.6.4

SMR COGENERATION

The power of SMRs can be changed rapidly to ensure that load following can be
done easily. Load following means changing the power output of a power plant to
adjust the demand and price of electricity as it fluctuates during the day. As an
example, in the SMR that Westinghouse is developing the power levels can be
changed at a rate of 5 % per minute from the interval of 100% to 20% power during
daily load follow and in continuous load follow the power rate can be changed ±10%
power at a rate of 2% per minute. (Westinghouse, 2021) Comparing these numbers to
regular NPPs where the output variation rate must be at least 3% for the NPPs to be

considered suitable for load following, it becomes clear that SMRs can be adjusted
much faster and are more suitable for load following. Locatelli et al. (2017) point out
that modern NPPs, such as the European Pressurized Reactor, can be adjusted at
similar speeds as SMRs, and that in France many NPPs use different load following
programs that usually contain one or two large power changes per day. For PWRs
load following is done by inserting the control rods in order to reduce the reactivity
in the reactor core. Doing this might cause problems by introducing
thermomechanical stresses in the reactor fuel and components, a problem that has
been considered and mitigated in the design of newer reactors. (Locatelli, et al.,
2017)
According to Locatelli et al. (2017) the best way to carry out load following with
small modular reactors is to use the reactor for cogeneration during times when the
electricity demand is lower. They point out that reducing the power in the primary
circuit is not ideal, as the operating cost of an NPP does not decrease significantly if
the power output is lowered, however if cogeneration is carried out the economic
viability might not suffer as much as if the power plant is only used to generate
electricity at a lower capacity. Load following by cogeneration is done by running
the NPP at nominal power all the time, without changing the conditions of the
primary circuit. The amount of electricity generated is changed to fulfill the high
load peaks, during which all the power generated in the power plant is converted into
electricity, while during low load, the excess power is used to power external
systems that are used for cogeneration. For cogeneration heat supply is preferred
over electricity as most of the cogeneration processes need heat to function and heatto-electricity efficiency conversion losses can be avoided. (Locatelli, et al., 2017)
Cogeneration can be done to carry out seawater desalination, as it has proven itself to
be a reliable method to deliver large quantities of fresh water from seawater.
Locatelli et al. (2017) claim that about 2.3 billion humans live in water-stressed areas
and that in some of the countries that are in these areas, desalination has been used
for nearly three decades. Desalination can be done by using two different process:
thermal processes and membrane processes. Thermal processes require thermal
energy, usually delivered with low-temperature steam, while membrane processes
need electricity. Out of these two processes, the membrane process, more specifically

osmosis has become the more popular method, due to its lower overnight
construction cost and total produced water costs when compared to other processes.
NPPs have been used for over 200 reactor-years to carry out nuclear desalination and
has proven itself a reliable method to generate fresh water. (Locatelli, et al., 2017)
Some researchers have studied if SMRs could be used for cogeneration to produce
gasoline as the refining process needs large of amounts of thermal energy to separate
the different fractions during fractional distillation. According to Locatelli et al.
(2017) the results of these studies showed that while it is technically possible to use
SMRs to provide thermal energy for the refining process, the economic feasibility of
doing so however is unclear as the cost competitiveness is heavily linked to the cost
of gas and CO2 taxes, seeing as gas turbines are the standard today for this process.
Another possible use for cogeneration is shale oil extraction. Shale oil extraction
requires vast amounts of heat as the oil shale must be heated to around 330 °C in
order to convert the kerogen into light high-value oil, natural gas and char. Locatelli
et al. (2017) point out that in non-nuclear processes around 25% of the shale oil is
burned in order to generate the needed heat. SMRs would be used to heat steam that
is sent into subsoil to heat the soil to temperatures between 210–250 °C, after which
the steam would be further heated to around 370 °C with the help of electric heaters.
Researchers point out that for this to be viable the reactor would need to have a
lifetime of 60 years and be placed within a 2 km radius of the shale oil extraction
operation. Locatelli et al. (2017) also mention that some experts think that the NPP
should be capable of moving between sites if some of the sites have less operation
time than expected. This would give rise to different problems, especially with
licensing and is therefore an extremely controversial subject. (Locatelli, et al., 2017)
An option that is being investigated locally is the possibility to use SMRs for district
heating. District heating is used as a method to heat buildings and the system consists
of a thermal power plant, that is usually used to generate both electricity and heat,
and a network of distribution and return pipes. According to Locatelli et al. (2017)
many central, northern and former soviet countries have used district heating for
many decades and the system has proved itself a viable heating method. The most
common fuels that are used to generate heat and electricity in power are coal and gas.
Locatelli et al. (2017) point out that some of the countries that use district heating

have experimented using nuclear cogeneration for district heating, showing that it is
possible. District heating has many requirements for it to be used efficiently. Some of
requirements are that the steam or hot water that is transported in the heat
distribution network should have a temperature between 80–150 °C, a relatively
close location to the customer, typically within 10–15 km, and a suitable capacity,
typically between 600–1200 MWt in large cities. It should also be noted that district
heating is only used during the colder periods of the year and that a backup capacity
is required to ensure that the city has access to reliable source of heat, even in cases
where the power plant is not able to produce heat. (Locatelli, et al., 2017) According
to Teräsvirta, Syri & Hiltunen (2020) around 50% of all heat that is produced for
district heating in Finland comes from fossil fuels and high-emission fuel peat.
Practically all large Finnish cities use district heating and have one or more CHP
power plants. In addition to these CHP plants, heat-only boilers are also used in cases
where the demand peaks are at their highest. As the price of fossil fuels keep rising
the profitability of CHP plants keep going down and the demand for new ways of
generating electricity and district heat have risen, sparking an interest in SMRs.
According to some researches, the manufacturing costs for SMRs that only produce
heat is lower when compared to cogeneration SMRs and the safety design is also
simpler. As mentioned earlier, district heating with nuclear power is not a new
concept and in the 1970s, a Swedish-Finnish collaboration was carried out. The goal
of that project was to develop a light water reactor, called SECURE, that would have
a core outlet temperature of 115 °C and a power output of 200 MW. The project was
discontinued, but the concept has been revisited multiple times over the years.
Teräsvirta, Syri & Hiltunen (2020) mention that there are currently many 200–400
MWt reactors that will become available in the current decade. The first heat-only
reactor that is expected to become commercially available is the Chinese DHR400, a
reactor with a 400 MWt capacity. The reactor is expected to produce hot water at
atmospheric pressure and a temperature of around 90 °C, making the reactor
unusable in Finnish conditions as the capacity of the reactor is oversized and the
output temperature too low for colder conditions. Teräsvirta, Syri & Hiltunen (2020)
point out that the economics of the reactor does show promise. (Teräsvirta, Syri &
Hiltunen, 2020)

SMRs as well as LR could also be used to produce hydrogen by water electrolysis.
Hydrogen is an option to be used as a fuel in vehicles in the future, as it is one of the
cleanest fuels currently available. Hydrogen is also a product that is used in many
chemical processes, mainly in ammonia synthesis and in the petroleum industry.
According to Locatelli et al. (2017) 17 NPPs with a capacity of 1 GW in load
following mode would be needed if only 1% of the total hydrogen production was
done in this way. They point out that electrolysis is not cost competitive with the
production of hydrogen from natural gas, unless the cost of electricity during the
night becomes much lower than it is currently. The more attractive method for
generating hydrogen is the Sulphur-Iodine Thermochemical cycle, in which sulfuric
acid is heated until 900 °C, at which a series of reaction take place, producing
hydrogen. This method is still under development, capable of producing hydrogen
with an overall efficiency of around 45%, using only heat. Sulfuric acid and halogen
are both extremely corrosive and the materials used for both the reactor and other
equipment must be chosen carefully. (Locatelli, et al., 2017)
Out of the possible cogeneration options that have been mentioned in this thesis, the
most promising ones are according to Locatelli et al. (2017) district heating,
desalination and hydrogen production. In the article written by Locatelli et al. (2017)
more options for cogeneration were mentioned. These processes were not considered
suitable for cogeneration by Locatelli et al. (2017) and due to this, the writer of this
thesis has chosen not include them. (Locatelli, et al., 2017)
2.7

LIFE CYCLE ANALYSIS

A life cycle analysis is a method that is used to analyze the effect that a product has
on the environment during its whole life cycle. In general, an LCA is done from the
cradle to the grave, meaning that the analysis is done from resource extraction until
the disposal of the final product. This product can anything from a sock to a nuclear
power plant, and depending on the product, the life cycle analysis can be very
different. Another name for a life cycle analysis is a life cycle assessment. An LCA
is carried out in four parts, in which the first part is to decide how big a part of the
products life cycle will be included in the LCA. The next step is to make an
inventory analysis in which a description of all materials and energy flows within the

product system is given, with a focus on its interaction with the environment, raw
materials that are need and emissions that are released into the environment. The
third step is to make an impact assessment, in which the indicator results are detailed,
and the importance of every impact category is assessed by normalization and in
some cases by weighing. The final step is to do a critical review of the results,
determine data sensitivity and present the results. (Muralikrishna & Manickam,
2017)
According to Muralikrishna & Manickam (2017) the concept of a LCA is generally
easily understood and appreciated, however carrying out an LCA can sometimes be
impractical as access to needed data, time, expense as well as the uncertainty
regarding the dependability of the results can lead to problems. This has led to the
creation and development of the streamlined LCA, in which the basic concepts of
LCA are simplified to make the process more efficient and straightforward. When
doing an LCA it is important that the boundaries of the analysis are chosen carefully.
(Muralikrishna & Manickam, 2017)
In an LCA for NPPs, the whole cycle starts with the nuclear fuel cycle, in which all
the stages from mining until the finished nuclear fuel rod are included. Nuclear
reactors need to be refueled on different timescales depending on the design of the
reactor, meaning that fuel cycle is one of the factors that impacts the results of the
LCA the most. Construction of the power plant itself is also one of the bigger parts of
an LCA, as a normal NPP require many different materials, some of which release
large amounts of carbon dioxide when they are manufactured, while other release
less. Materials that are used in large amounts in NPP construction are concrete and
steel. The work equipment like excavators, trucks etc. also release carbon dioxide
when they are used during the power plant construction. In some cases, the distances
that the construction workers have to travel to the power plant construction site are
also taken into account when carrying out an LCA as the emissions from these trips
can become considerable due to high amount of workers and possible distances that
they need to travel. Operation and maintenance are also included in the LCA, with
most of the emissions coming from the power plant workers commuting and plant
repairs, replacements as well as refurbishments. Diesel generators are also used
during outages and in some cases during maintenance, resulting in some CO2

emissions. The final part of an NPP LCA is decommissioning, in which the
emissions from the deconstruction of the facility and building, radioactivity
measurements, cutting and decontamination, and finally interim storage are taken
into consideration. (Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck, 2016)
2.8

COMBINED HEAT AND POWER PLANTS

CHP is a process in which both electricity and heat are generated. Traditionally CHP
production is done by using the heat that is left after the steam has gone through the
turbines in a power plant for district heating or cooling networks. By doing this it is
possible to decrease the fuel consumption of the power plants with around 25–35%
when compared to plants that generate electricity and heat separately. Fuel sources
that can be used in CHP plants is quite wide with the possible fuels that the plants
can use include natural gas, coal, light fuel oils, biomass and waste fuels can all be
used for energy generation. (Sipilä, et al., 2005)
In Finland, CHP is used for heating communities as well for the heat and power
needs of the industrial section. The use of CHP for heating the largest cities in
Finland was started in 1950s and 60s, while the first CHP plants for industrial use
were built in the 1920s. Using CHP as an energy generation method allows Finland
to produce 11% more energy when compared to a case if the heat and power were
generated separately. The efficiency of CHP plants can reach the range of 80–90%
according to Alakangas & Flyktman (2001), while conventional condensing power
plants only reach an efficiency around 40% when producing electricity only.
(Alakangas & Flyktman, 2001) Other reports claim that the efficiency of CHP plants
can be higher when using certain fuel types. According to Flyktman & Helynen
(2004) the efficiency for CHP plants are used to produce both heat and power can
reach over 93%. The highest efficiencies are reach when using different oils and
natural gas. The efficiency for bigger CHP plants will suffer a little when compared
to smaller plants, however the decrease is insignificant. The increased efficiency of
the power plants lowers the emissions per produced unit of power in the plants as
well. (Flyktman & Helynen, 2004)

Different technologies can be used for combustion in the CHP plants. All CHP plants
use some sort of heat engine to generate electrical power, such as steam turbines or
gas turbines as examples. The only CHP technology that does not use a combustion
chamber are fuel cells as electricity is generated electrochemically. CHP technology
can be roughly divided into two different types of systems, namely the topping cycle
and bottoming cycle. The topping cycles primary function is to generate electricity
and the heat that is left after generating electricity is used for different applications.
The heat can be used for district heating and hot water production or in cases where
the much heat is retained, it can be used for industrial processes. In the bottoming
cycle the generation of heat is the primary function. The generated heat is used for
industrial processes such as iron smelting or other processes that require high
temperatures. The leftover heat energy is often used to generate electricity. This
cycle is also called waste energy recovery or waste heat recovery. (Breeze, 2018)
The α-value of a CHP plant is a performance indicator that tells how much electricity
is produced compared to the heat produced. A CHP plant usually operates according
to the heat demand in the network, meaning that a plant with a high α-value produces
more electricity to the grid with the same heat demand when compared to a plant that
has a lower α-value. The α-value can be increased by improving the turbine process,
by swapping to a newer and efficient turbine. (Sipilä, et al., 2005) According to
Aalto et al. (2012), the α-value of larger steam CHP plants is usually over 0.5, while
for smaller plants the value can be much lower, usually around 0.3. For CHP plants
that use natural gas, the α-value can be close to 1, meaning that an equal amount of
heat and electricity can be generated. Aalto et al. (2012) mention that it is necessary
for CHP plants to be able to operate at different power outputs in order to be able to
follow the distrcit heat demand. In some cases the heat demand is so low that the
CHP plants only produce electricity, or in some cases shutdown for the summer as
the power output of the power plant is too high. (Aalto, et al., 2012)

3 MATERIAL AND METHODS
The data and numbers that have been used in these calculations have been gotten
from different sources. Data needed for the Olkiluoto-3 NPP has been retrieved from
the power plants company websites. For the chosen Westinghouse SMR data for this
reactor has been taken from the article written by Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck
(2016). The data that was needed for the construction materials, such as density and
specific carbon emissions per kilogram of produced material, have been taken from
companies in the field. Data that is used for the nuclear fuel chain has been retrieved
from Taylor (1996) as well as Beerten et al. (2009). In the NPP section data for
distance from Rauma and Pori to the Olkiluoto NPP site has been taken from Google
Maps. This section of the thesis is split into different section for the different power
plant types in order to make the calculations more easily understandable.
3.1

OLKILUOTO-3

Olkiluoto-3 was chosen to be reference for modern NPPs and to see how the carbon
dioxide emissions of the chosen SMR relate to the larger plants. Most of the data for
the NPP was retrieved from company that owns the Olkiluoto NPP as was mentioned
earlier. The used data can be seen in appendix 1. The LCA that was calculated
includes the emissions from the most common construction materials, emissions
from the construction workers and plant workers commute trips as well as the
emissions from the nuclear fuel production chain, from mining until fuel fabrication.
In order to carry out an LCA, it is necessary to know how much of the different
construction materials are needed in the NPP. The data available on TVO (2021)
gave the concrete amount for the NPP as cubic meters and had to be converted into
kilograms in order to calculate the carbon dioxide emissions. This was done for both
regular concrete as well as for rebar concrete with the help of the equations 1 and 2
below.
𝑚𝐶 = 𝑉𝐶 ∗ 𝜌𝐶

(1)

𝑚𝐶 = Mass of concrete [kg]
𝑉𝐶 = Concrete volume [m3]
𝜌𝐶 = Density of concrete [kg/m3]

𝑚𝑅𝐶 = 𝑉𝑅𝐶 ∗ 𝜌𝑅𝐶

(2)

𝑚𝑅𝐶 = Rebar concrete mass [kg]
𝑉𝑅𝐶 = Rebar concrete volume [m3]
𝜌𝑅𝐶 = Density of rebar concrete [kg/m3]
The specific emissions factor for concrete was calculated from the values from the
Ali, Saidur & Hossain, (2011) according to equation 3.
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐

𝑢𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = 𝑚

𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐𝐶𝑂2

(3)

𝑢𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = Concrete specific emission factor [kg CO2/kg concrete]
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = Cement production, EU [kg]
𝑚𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐𝐶𝑂2 = Cement production CO2 emissions [kg]
Once the masses for the different concretes were known, the were added to together
according to the equation 4 and the carbon dioxide emission for concrete was
calculated with the help of equation 5, both of which can be seen below.
𝑚 𝑇𝑜𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑛 = 𝑚𝐶 + 𝑚𝑅𝐶

(4)

𝑚 𝑇𝑜𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑛 = Total concrete mass [kg]
𝑚𝐶 = Mass of concrete [kg]
𝑚𝑅𝐶 = Rebar concrete mass [kg]
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = 𝑚 𝑇𝑜𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑛 ∗ 𝑢𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐

(5)

𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = Total concrete CO2 emissions [kg CO2]
𝑚 𝑇𝑜𝑡𝐶𝑜𝑛 = Total concrete mass [kg]
𝑢𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = Concrete specific emission factor [kg CO2/kg concrete]
Similar calculations were done for the steel that is needed in the NPP. Here an
educated guess had to done in order to figure out how much steel was used in the
Olkiluoto-3 NPP as no data for this was given on the power plant owners website.
An assumption that 1,6 times more steel is needed for OL-3 than for an AP1000 NPP
is needed, as the power output for OL-3 is 1,6 times bigger. The data for how much
steel is needed for an AP1000 was taken from Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016).
The scale up calculations were done with the equation 6 that can be seen below.
𝑚𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = 𝑚𝐴𝑃1000 ∗ 𝑓

(6)

𝑚𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = mass of steel in OL3 [kg]
𝑚𝐴𝑃1000 = mass of steel in AP1000 [kg]
f = Upscale factor, based on 1,6 higher output

The carbon dioxide emissions for the steel was done in a similar way as was done for
concrete and the equation 7 was used for this. The specific emission factor for steel
was taken from the report by World Steel Association (2021).
𝑀𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = 𝑚𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 ∗ 𝑢𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙

(7)

𝑀𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = Total CO2 emissions [kg CO2]
𝑚𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = mass of steel [kg]
𝑢𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = Steel specific emission factor [kg CO2/kg steel]
The next step in the LCA for OL3 is to calculate the emissions that are born from the
NPP construction site workers commute trips. TVO (2021) mentioned the amount of
construction workers on their homepage, and as mentioned earlier the distances from
Rauma and Pori to the NPP site was measured with the help of Google Maps. An
assumption that the construction workers were from Rauma and Pori, with an even
split, was done in order to make calculations more manageable and it should be noted
that in reality, the distance that the workers actually travelled might be very different
as it is unlikely that all the workers where from these two cities. An average distance
was calculated with this assumption with the help of the distances from Rauma and
Pori to the Olkiluoto NPP site. According to data from TVO (2021), the NPP would
be complete in 2022 and as the construction started in 2004, the construction time for
the NPP in the calculations was set to 18 years. The amount of construction workers
was also mentioned on TVOs webpage, and an assumption was made that 50% of the
workers work every day for those 18 years, a quite optimistic assumption, as it is
unlikely that this happened in reality. In order to be able to calculate the emissions
from the commute trips and in order to simplify the calculations, the specific
emissions from the most common car used in Finland around the middle of the
construction timeline was used by the construction workers. This data was retrieved
from Auto-Data.net (2021). In order to calculate the emissions from the commute
trips, equation 8 was used.

𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑊𝑜𝑟 =

WOL3 ∗𝑑
0,5

∗ 𝑙𝑎𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 ∗ 𝑈𝑐𝑎𝑟

(8)

𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑊𝑜𝑟 = CO2 emissions, construction workers [kg]
WOL3 = Construction workers, OL3
d = Workdays
lAverage = average distance to OL [km]
UCar = specific emissions car [kg CO2/km]
Similar calculations were done for the plant operators with the same assumptions as
above, with the same assumptions as above. Only difference in these calculations is
that the carbon emissions for the construction workers is for the whole construction
time, while the calculations for the plant operators were done for only one year.
Equation 9 was used for this, with the only difference being the different worker
numbers as well as the number of workdays. It should be noted that emissions for the
plant workers can in reality be quite different as the specific emissions from cars will
most likely decrease in the future.

𝑀𝑂𝑝𝑒𝑊𝑜𝑟 =

POL3 ∗𝑑
0,5

∗ 𝑙𝑎𝑣𝑒𝑟𝑎𝑔𝑒 ∗ 𝑢𝑐𝑎𝑟

(9)

𝑀𝑂𝑝𝑒𝑊𝑜𝑟 = CO2 emissions, construction workers [kg]
POL3 = Plant operators, OL3
d = Workdays
lAverage = average distance to OL [km]
uCar = specific emissions car [kg CO2/km]
In this thesis the emissions for the nuclear fuel cycle were calculated with three
different values. The first set of data for the nuclear fuel cycle that was used in the
calculations is the values from the report by Taylor (1996) for the IAEA. As the unit
for the emissions in this source was in the form of kg CO2/kg natural uranium, it is
necessary to convert the amount of enriched uranium that is used in the reactor
annually into the corresponding amount of natural uranium. This was done by using
the data available in the article written by Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016). In
this article data of how much natural uranium is needed in order to produce the
needed enriched uranium for different types of nuclear reactors. With the help of this
data an enrichment factor could be calculated for the Olkiluoto-3 reactor, which

made it possible to calculate how much natural uranium said reactor consumes per
year. The equation 10 was used in order to calculate the enrichment ratio.
𝑅=

𝑚𝑈𝑁𝑎𝑡𝑅

(10)

𝑚𝑈𝐸𝑛

R = Enrichment factor
𝑚𝑈𝑁𝑎𝑡 𝑅 = Required natural uranium for AP1000 reactor [kg]
𝑚𝑈𝐸𝑛 = Required enriched uranium for AP1000 reactor [kg]
The enrichment factor could now be used to convert the annual enriched uranium
consumption of the OL-3 reactor into a corresponding natural uranium mass. This
was done by using equation 11 which can be seen below.
𝑚𝑈𝑁𝑎𝑡 = 𝐴𝐶 ∗ 𝑅

(11)

𝑚𝑈𝑁𝑎𝑡 = Natural uranium mass needed, per year [kg]
AC = Annual enriched uranium consumption [kg]
R = Enrichment factor
The next step in the LCA is to add up the different phases of the uranium fuel chain
in order to get a value for the whole chain. Equation 12 below is used for this.
𝑈𝑢 = 𝑢𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑀𝑖𝑙 + 𝑢𝐶𝑜𝑛 + 𝑢𝐸𝑛𝑟 + 𝑢𝐹𝐹𝑎𝑏

(12)

𝑈𝑢 = Total emission factor, nuclear fuel chain [kg CO2/kg Unat]
𝑢𝑀𝑖𝑛𝑀𝑖𝑙 = Emission factor, Mining and milling [kg CO2/kg Unat]
𝑢𝐶𝑜𝑛 = Emission factor, Conversion [kg CO2/kg Unat]
𝑢𝐸𝑛𝑟 = Emission factor, Enrichment [kg CO2/kg Unat]
𝑢𝐹𝐹𝑎𝑏 = Emission factor, Fuel fabrication [kg CO2/kg Unat]
With the help of equation 11 and 12, the total CO2 emissions resulting from fuel
manufacturing can be calculated by multiplying the answer with each other
according to equation 13.
𝑀𝑈 = 𝑚𝑈𝑁𝑎𝑡 ∗ 𝑈𝑢

(13)

𝑀𝑈 = Emissions Uranium fuel chain, per year [kg CO2]

𝑚𝑈𝑁𝑎𝑡 = Natural uranium mass needed, per year [kg]
𝑈𝑢 = Total emission factor, nuclear fuel chain [kg CO2/kg Unat]
After this step all the CO2 emissions where add together.
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = 𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 + 𝑀𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 + 𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑊𝑜𝑟 + (𝑀𝑂𝑝𝑒 ∗ 60) + (𝑀𝑈 ∗ 60)

(14)

𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = Total CO2 emission [kg CO2]
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = Concrete CO2 emissions [kg CO2]
𝑀𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = Steel CO2 emissions [kg CO2]
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑊𝑜𝑟 = Emissions construction workers [kg CO2]
𝑀𝑂𝑝𝑒 = Emissions operators, per year [kg CO2]
𝑀𝑈 = Emissions Uranium fuel chain, per year [kg CO2]
After this the electricity produced during the NPP lifetime was calculated with the
help of equation 15.
𝐸𝐿 = 𝐸𝐴 ∗ 60

(15)
𝐸𝐿 = Lifetime produced electricity [kWh]
𝐸𝐴 = Annually produced electricity [kWh]

From the specific emission factor for the electricity production was calculated with
equation 16.
𝑈𝐼𝐴𝐸𝐴 =

𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡

(16)

𝐸𝐿

𝑈𝐼𝐴𝐸𝐴 = Specific emission factor, IAEA [g CO2/kWh]
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = Total CO2 emission [g CO2]
𝐸𝐿 = Lifetime produced electricity [kWh]
Similar calculations were done for the specific emission factor with regards to the
produced heat in the NPP during its life. In order to calculate the produced heat, the
thermal efficiency of the reactor had to considered. This was done in equation 17
below.
𝐸𝐻 =

𝐸𝐿

(17)

η

𝐸𝐻 = Lifetime produced heat [kWh]
𝐸𝐿 = Lifetime produced electricity [kWh]

η = Thermal efficiency
Once the lifetime produced heat was known, the specific emission factor could be
calculated in a similar fashion as earlier.
𝑈𝐻𝐼𝐴𝐸𝐴 =

(𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 ∗1000)
𝐸𝐻

(18)

𝑈𝐻𝐼𝐴𝐸𝐴 = Specific emission factor, IAEA, heat [g CO2/kWh]
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = Total CO2 emission [g CO2]
𝐸𝐻 = Lifetime produced heat [kWh]
For the two other sets of data from the article written by Beerten et al. (2009) the
calculations were done with mostly the same equations as with the data from Taylor
(1996), with the differing equations mentioned here. The first difference in the
calculations is the way in which the emissions from the nuclear fuel chain. In this
case the unit for the data is in g CO2/kWhe, meaning the equation 12 can be used but
it should be noted that the unit is different. The total carbon dioxide emission
equation is different than earlier and the new equation 19 below is used in this case.
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = 𝑀𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑐 + 𝑀𝑠𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 + 𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑊𝑜𝑟 + (𝑀𝑂𝑝𝑒 ∗ 60) + (𝑈𝑈 ∗ 𝐸𝐿 )

(19)

𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = Total CO2 emission [kg CO2]
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑐 = Concrete CO2 emissions [kg CO2]
𝑀𝑆𝑡𝑒𝑒𝑙 = Steel CO2 emissions [kg CO2]
𝑀𝐶𝑜𝑛𝑊𝑜𝑟 = Emissions construction workers [kg CO2]
𝑀𝑂𝑝𝑒 = Emissions operators, per year [kg CO2]
𝑈𝑈 = Total emission factor, nuclear fuel chain [kg CO2/kWh]
𝐸𝐿 = Lifetime produced electricity [kWh]
Equation 16 to 18 are used to calculate the rest of the results.

3.2

WESTINGHOUSE SMR

The LCA calculations for the Westinghouse SMR were done mostly with the same
equations that are used for OL-3, with a few differences, relating to the decrease in
few areas due to the smaller size of the reactor. The data used for the calculations can
be seen in appendix 2. The first notable difference is the annual consumption of fuel
in the reactor. As the consumption is not directly stated, it was calculated by dividing

the amount of nuclear fuel in the reactor with the planned refueling time according to
equation 20.
𝐴𝐶𝑊𝑆𝑀𝑅 =

𝑈𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟
𝑡𝑟𝑒𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙

(20)

𝐴𝐶𝑊𝑆𝑀𝑅 = Westinghouse SMR annual fuel consumption [kg]
𝑈𝑟𝑒𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑜𝑟 = Total fuel in reactor [kg]
𝑡𝑟𝑒𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 = Refueling cycle [years]
After this the emissions from the construction materials were calculated with
equations 4,5, and 7. The number of workers and operators that are needed for WSMR are also reduced when compared to a conventional NPP. According to Carless,
Griffin & Fischbeck (2016) the reduction of workers and operators in SMRs can be
between the interval of 0–73%. For the calculations done in this thesis the max value
was chosen due to comparison being done to the OL-3 workers as no data was given
in the source material for how many workers were assumed to be needed. For these
calculations equations 21 and 22 were used.
𝑊𝑊𝑆𝑀𝑅 = 𝑊𝑂𝐿3 ∗ 𝛥𝑊

(21)

𝑊𝑊𝑆𝑀𝑅 = Workers W-SMR
𝑊𝑂𝐿3 = Workers OL-3
𝛥𝑊 = Reduction factor for workers
𝑂𝑊𝑆𝑀𝑅 = 𝑂𝑂𝐿3 ∗ 𝛥𝑂

(22)

𝑂𝑊𝑆𝑀𝑅 = Operators W-SMR
𝑂𝑂𝐿3 = Operators OL-3
𝛥𝑂= Reduction factor for operators
After these corrections for the workers and operators the rest of LCA calculations
were done according to the equations mentioned in the OL-3 section.
3.3

COMBINED HEAT AND POWER PLANTS

The data used for the calculations in this section have been retrieved from
Energiateollisuus (2020) and from Tilastokeskus (2021). The districit heat companies
and independent power plants for this thesis consumed atleast 700 GWh of fuel for
cogeneration production. Equation 23 is used to calculate the delivery of district
heating of the different plants.

𝐸𝐷𝐻𝑑𝑒𝑙𝑖𝑣 = 𝐸𝑁𝐸𝑇𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 ∗ 𝐸𝑅𝐸𝐶ℎ𝑒𝑎𝑡

(23)

𝐸𝐷𝐻𝑑𝑒𝑙𝑖𝑣 = Delivery of district heating [GWh]
𝐸𝑁𝐸𝑇𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 = Net production with fuels [GWh]
𝐸𝑅𝐸𝐶ℎ𝑒𝑎𝑡 = Recovery of heat [GWh]
Once the amount of delivered district heating is known, the electricity that is
produced at the same time as the delivered district heating is added together
according to equation 24.
𝐸𝑡𝑜𝑡 = 𝐸𝐷𝐻𝑑𝑒𝑙𝑖𝑣 + 𝐸𝑒𝑙

(24)

𝐸𝑡𝑜𝑡 = District heating + produced electricity [GWh]
𝐸𝐷𝐻𝑑𝑒𝑙𝑖𝑣 = Delivery of district heating [GWh]
𝐸𝑒𝑙 = Electricity production associated with district heating [GWh]
After this the emission factors provided by Tilastokeskus (2021) have to converted
from ton CO2/TJ to ton CO2/GWh. This is done with the help of equation 25.
𝑡 𝐶𝑂2 /𝐺𝑊ℎ = 𝑡 𝐶𝑂2 /𝑇𝐽 ∗ 3,6

(25)

The conversion must be done in order to be able to calculate the emissions from the
different fuel source that the different power plants use. The different fuels were
compiled into tables that can be seen in appendix 3. It should be noted here that for
fuels that are specified as complete biofuels, the emissions are regarded as zero and
are not considered in the calculations. The composition of wastes used for energy
generation are assumed to have a bio-content of 50%. The emissions from each fuel
source were calculated with the help of equation 26.
𝑀𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 = 𝑢𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 ∗ 𝐸𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙

(26)

𝑀𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 = Total Emissions per fuel [t CO2]
𝑢𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 = Specific emission for different fuels [t CO2/GWh]
𝐸𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙 = Amount of energy from fuel [GWh]
Once these calculations were done for every type of fuel that were used in the
different CHP plants, the emissions from the different fuels were added up per plant.
Equation 27 was used for this.
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = ∑ 𝑀𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙1 +. . . +𝑀𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙𝑛
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = Total Emissions [t CO2]

(27)

𝑀𝑓𝑢𝑒𝑙1 = Total Emissions per fuel [t CO2]
Once the total emissions per power plant were known, the final step was to calculate
the specific emissions per power plant in regard to the district heating and electricity
generated. This was done only for the independent CHP plants. Equation 28 was
used to carry out the calculations for this. It should be noted that if a fuel is
considered a biofuel, the emission factor for that fuel is zero in the calculations. The
emissions factors for different fuels can be seen in appendix 3.
𝑘=

𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡

(28)

𝐸𝑡𝑜𝑡

𝑘 = Specific emission factor [g CO2/kWh]
𝑀𝑡𝑜𝑡 = Total Emissions [t CO2]
𝐸𝑡𝑜𝑡 = District heating + produced electricity [GWh]

4 RESULTS
In this section of the thesis the results for the different power plant types are
presented. The results for Olkiluoto-3 and the Westinghouse SMR are presented in
table 1 that contain the results for the specific carbon dioxide emissions for both
electricity and heat generation. Three sets of data were used for the nuclear fuel chain
as mentioned earlier in this thesis. The calculations for the nuclear options can be
seen in appendix 1 for Olkiluoto-3 and appendix 2 for the Westinghouse SMR.
Table 1. Results of the LCA for OL-3 and W-SMR

Energy production

Unit

Plant

Electricity only
Heat production only
Electricity only
Heat production only

g CO2/kWhe
g CO2/kWhheat
g CO2/kWhe
g CO2/kWhheat

OL3
OL3
W-SMR
W-SMR

Dataset 1 Dataset 2 Dataset 3
5.07
1.88
13.12
3.67

26.68
9.87
26.41
7.39

4.77
1.76
4.50
1.26

Dataset 1: Taylor (1996); dataset 2: Beerten et al. (2009), Lenzen; dataset 3: Beerten et al. (2009), Torfs;

The results for the specific CO2 emissions for the district heating companies can be
seen in table 2. The results take into consideration the cogeneration of district heat
and electricity produced in the companies.
Table 2. Specific carbon dioxide emissions for district heating companies

Company
Fortum Power and Heat Oy
Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Espoo
Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Joensuu
Helen Oy
Kuopion Energia Oy
Lahti Energia Oy
Lahti Energia Oy, Lahti
Loimua Oy
Nevel Oy
Oulun Energia Oy
Pori Energia Oy
Pori Energia Oy, Pori
Savon Voima Oyj
Tampereen Sähkölaitos
Tampereen Sähkölaitos, Tampere
Vantaan Energia Oy

g CO2/kWh
224.7
279.6
137.5
290.9
157.1
140.4
142.2
110.2
250.8
251.7
175.4
177.4
189.3
204.4
204.3
254.1

Table 3 presents the results for the independent CHP plants with both district heat
and electricity production included when calculating the results for the emissions and
efficiency.
Table 3. Specific carbon dioxide emissions for independent CHP plants

CHP plant
Jyväskylän Energiantuotanto Oy
Jyväskylän Voima Oy
Kaukaan Voima Oy, Lappeenranta
Turun Seudun Energiantuotanto Oy
Vaskiluodon Voima Oy, Vaasa

g CO2/kWh Efficiency
258.2
87.2
225.4
81.2
89.9
75.8
188.5
96.7
153.2
95.0

5 DISCUSSION
The results that were obtained in this thesis show that the specific emissions from
nuclear power plants are much lower when compared to CHP plants and district
heating companies, making the nuclear option a viable solution for reduced carbon
dioxide emissions in the power generation field. The specific emissions from the
Westinghouse SMR and OL-3 reactor are quite close to each other, with W-SMR
having lower specific emissions in 2/3 of the datasets used in the LCAs. The results
that were calculated with the data from Taylor (1996) report are much lower, almost
half, for the Olkiluoto NPP when compared with the results for the Westinghouse
SMR. The reader should keep in mind that most of the emissions that are linked the
nuclear life cycle are not made in Finland. The only direct emissions that are released
in Finland, are the emission from construction as well as the plant workers commute
trips.
The nuclear power plant emissions differ quite considerably from the results
achieved by Sovacool (2008). The author of that report calculated an average value
of different LCAs done over the years. The biggest reason for the difference is that
Sovacool (2008) calculated the emissions for the whole lifecycle, from the start to
the end, while this thesis only took into account the emissions created during
construction, fuel manufacturing as well as from the commute trips done by workers
and plant operators. Graph 1 shows the average results that Sovacool (2008)
achieved. From this it becomes apparent that the exclusion of the different stages
after making the NPP operational has led to the results becoming somewhat smaller
than they would have been, if decommissioning and fuel storage had been
considered. It should be noted that the results for the Westinghouse SMR cannot be
directly compared to Sovacool’s (2008) result as the difference in technology is
certain to affect the result to some degree, seeing as the construction materials
needed, required construction time etc. are lower for the SMRs.

Figure 14. Specific carbon emissions for an NPP (Sovacool, 2008)

Looking at the source materials that Sovacool (2008) used for his calculations, the
results achieved in this thesis came close to the lower end of the material used by
Sovacool (2008). The range of the values calculated by Sovacool (2008) varies from
1.36 g CO2/kWh up to 288.25 CO2/kWh. It should be noted that the specific emission
factor calculated by Sovacool (2008) is calculated by only considering the electricity
produced in the NPP, meaning if the emission value was calculated with the heat
produced, the value would be lower. The data used in this thesis for the nuclear fuel
chain is quite old, and the values today might be drastically different, seeing as
different machinery used in the nuclear fuel chain is getting more energy efficient.
The data used for the Westinghouse SMR are also scaled down from conventional
NPPs, meaning that once more SMRs are built and operated, the values can become
lower or higher than what they are currently estimated to be.
The specific emissions calculated for the independent CHP plants and district heating
companies are quite close to the values reported by Fingrid (2021). The emissions
reported are 330 g CO2/kWh for plants that cogenerate electricity and district heating
for cities and 170 g CO2/kWh for district heating and electricity that is generated as
waste energy from different industries. Most of the values in this thesis are between
these two values and some of them are below. In bigger cities, coal and natural gas
are used more compared to renewable sources, especially in Helsinki, while smaller
cities use a bigger share of biofuels. Some form of peat is used by almost every CHPplant, with the exceptions of Helsinki and Espoo. Unlike the emissions for the

nuclear options, practically all the emissions for the CHP-plants are released in
Finland.
As the emissions from CHP plants only take into consideration the emissions that are
released from burning fuels for energy generation, while the emissions from the
nuclear counterparts take into consideration different stages of their lifecycle, the
results cannot be directly compared to one another. This approach was chosen due to
the way emissions from energy generated with NPPs is reported. The direct
emissions are considered to be zero, as no carbon dioxide is generated during fission,
meaning that nuclear power can be seen as carbon free. This is however not true,
seeing as the nuclear fuel chain is one of the biggest carbon dioxide emissions
sources in the nuclear life cycle, and should be considered more closely when the
nuclear power option is discussed.

6 CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS
The goal of this was to find out if SMRs could reduce the carbon emissions of
district heating and electricity generation and to compare the emissions of an NPP
with the emissions from a SMR. The results of this thesis came close to calculations
done by other sources, which is an indicator that the results are realistic. Reviewing
the results for OL-3, W-SMR and the different CHP plants, it becomes clear that
nuclear power is a viable option for carbon dioxide reduction, even when considering
the emissions from the construction stage and nuclear fuel manufacturing. One of the
biggest demerits that is associated with nuclear power are the high cost of building
the power plants. As mentioned earlier, the cost of SMRs is projected to be lower
than regular nuclear power plants but will still most likely be much more expensive
than CHP plants.
Another problem that is associated with nuclear power plants is the storage of spent
nuclear fuel. The fuel is radioactive and dangerous to the surrounding area as well as
to any life form, meaning that it must be stored safely in conditions that can stand the
test of time until the radioactivity is at a level that is deemed safe. An increase in
nuclear power would lead to more waste and could lead to storage problems in the
future.
For further studies, the writer of this thesis recommends that life cycle analyses for
CHP plants should be calculated in order to make the comparison of the different
power plants fairer. Different types of renewable or fossil alternatives could also be
calculated and taken into consideration. In addition, the investment costs for the
different power plant types could also be considered to give a broader perspective of
what types would be the most cost efficient to reduce carbon emissions. Different
types of NPPs and SMRs could also be included in the calculations to offer a broader
perspective on how the carbon emissions vary between reactor types. For the nuclear
fuel chain, newer data could also be calculated and estimates of how the emissions
from the whole process would change, if the vehicles and machinery used were
replaced with more efficient and possibly fully electric counterparts in the future.
This would lead to much lower emissions, possibly even carbon neutrality, and make
nuclear power more attractive from the carbon emissions point of view.

SVENSK SAMMANFATTNING
Minskning av koldioxidutsläppen från fjärrvärmeproduktion i Finland genom
användning av små modulära reaktorer – En LCA-studie av SMR
Ett av de största problemen som mänskligheten har för tillfället är hur
koldioxidutsläppen ska minskas utan att minska energiproduktionen. Ett av de mest
populära lösningsförslagen är att öka andelen förnybara källor. Dessa förnybara
källor måste dock ha något slags reservkälla för tider när förnybara
energiproduktionsätt inte fungerar optimalt. Om det t.ex. är mulet fungerar
solpanelerna inte optimalt, och om vinden är för stark eller svag kan vindkraftverk
inte användas. Reservkraftverken är ofta kraftverk som använder sig av något fossilt
bränsle för att producera energi. Även energilagring kan användas som alternativ. De
lokala fjärrvärmenäten i Finland består av en eller flera kraftvärmeverk (CHP) som
producera både fjärrvärme och elektricitet. Dessa anläggningar drivs med inhemska
trädbränslen och torv eller i vissa fal med importerade fossila bränslen som kol eller
naturgas. Många fjärrvärmeanläggningar står således framför en utmaning att sänka
sina koldioxidutsläpp.
Syftet med detta examensarbete är att undersöka hur små modulära kärnreaktorer
(SMR) skulle påverka koldioxidutsläppen från kraftvärmeproduktionen i Finland. De
specifika utsläppen från SMR och vanliga kärnkraftverk jämförs även med varandra
för att se om det finns stora skillnader.
Små modulära reaktorer är en typ av kärnkraftsreaktorer som är designade att ha en
mindre nettoeffekt än vanliga kärnkraftverk. En överenskommen toppeffekt för vad
som kallas SMR är 300 MW, men den är ingen bindande gräns och det finns även
reaktorer som har en högre effekt än denna. En annan faktor som gör SMR speciella
är deras modulära uppbyggnad. Tack vare sin modularitet kan reaktorerna byggas i
fabriker och delarna för reaktorerna kan standardiseras lättare jämfört med stora
kärnkraftverk. Kostnader jämfört med konventionella kärnkraftverk kan även hållas
på en lägre nivå, eftersom även byggnadstiden för SMR är kortare än för vanliga
kärnkraftsreaktorer. De lägre kostnaderna för reaktortypen gör den mera lockande för
investerare. Modulen innehåller alla delar som behövs för att producera d.v.s. att
turbinen och generatorn är med i modulen. Den färdiga modulen kan transporteras

till kärnkraftverkets slutliga läge. En annan fördel med denna reaktortyp är att antalet
reaktorer kan ökas relativt lätt om en större energiproduktion krävs. Tack vare att
modulen innehåller allt som behövs är det endast själva byggnaden som den
installeras i som måste byggas.
De flesta SMR som håller på att designas för tillfället är tryckvattenreaktorer. Denna
reaktortyp använder sig av vanligt vatten som både moderator och kylvatten. Anrikat
U-235 används i reaktorn som bränsle. SMR är även designade med den största
vikten på säkerhet. Reaktorerna är designade att ha passiva säkerhetsegenskaper för
att säkerställa att reaktorerna kan kylas lätt i olycksfall. Även mängden uranium i
reaktorn är mindre än i vanliga kärnkraftverk, vilket gör att möjliga radioaktiva
utsläpp i olycksfall är mindre. Tack vare sin modularitet är även risken för
kylvattenläckage minimal eftersom alla rör och övriga delar är placerade inne i
modulen.
En av de största skillnaderna mellan SMR och vanliga kärnkraftsreaktorer är att
SMR är gjorda för att producera både värme och elektricitet till olika processer.
Kraftverk som producera värme och elektricitet för olika ändamål kallas
kraftvärmeverk. De konventionella kraftvärmeverken använder fossila bränslen eller
biobränslen eller en blandning av dessa. Vanliga kärnkraftverk producerar vanligtvis
endast elektricitet, vilket gör att endast ungefär en tredjedel av värmeenergin som
produceras används. Värmen som produceras i SMR kan användas för fjärrvärme,
avsaltning av vatten eller för framställning av olika bränslen som diesel eller väte.
En livscykelanalys (LCA) görs genom att ta i beaktande alla olika skeden i ett
kraftverks livstid. I detta arbete räknades koldioxidutsläppen som bildas under
livscykeln för den tredje kärnkraftsreaktorn som byggs i Olkiluoto och för en SMR
som designas av Westinghouse. I detta arbete togs de vanligaste byggnadsmaterialen
i beaktande, byggnadsarbetarnas och kraftverkets operatörers arbetsresor samt
koldioxidutsläpp som bildas under tillverkning av uranium till anrikat bränsle. I
studien valdes värmekraftverk och fjärrvärmeföretag som använde minst 700 GWh
bränsle per år för kraftvärmeproduktion för fjärrvärmenät.
Data som använts i beräkningarna i detta arbete refereras till största del från Beerten
et al. (2009), Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck. (2016), Taylor (1996) och TVO (2021)
för kärnkraftverksberäkningarna, medan i beräkningar för de finska

kraftvärmekraftverken används data från statistik som Statistikcentralen (2021) och
Energiateollisuus (2020) har publicerat. I beräkningarna för kraftvärme har
koldioxidutsläppen för de olika bränslen som används av kraftverken räknats och
utsläppskoefficienten för producerad fjärrvärme och elektricitet har räknats med data
från utsläppen från bränslen.
Det slutliga resultatet visar att de specifika koldioxidutsläppen från kärnkraftverken
är mycket lägre än koldioxidutsläppen från kraftvärmeanläggningarna och
fjärrvärmeföretagen. Resultaten för kärnkraftreaktorerna pekar på att SMR har
marginellt mindre specifika koldioxidutsläpp än den konventionella
kärnkraftreaktorn. Jämfört med resultatet från Sovacool (2008), verkar de specifika
utsläppen för kärnkraftsreaktorerna i detta examensarbete låga. Detta beror på att den
LCA som jämfördes med beaktade hela livscykeln för en konventionell
kärnkraftsanläggning, medan så inte var fallet med den LCA som gjordes i detta
arbete. De specifika utsläppen för CHP-anläggningar ligger mellan de värden som
Fingrid (2021) har beräknat, vilket tyder på att resultaten är realistiska.
För att utveckla studien som gjordes i detta arbete kunde investeringskostnader för
bygget av SMR tas i beaktande. Eftersom få SMR ha byggts i nuläget är priset på
reaktorerna oklara. Ett problem som även bör beaktas är det ökade radioaktiva
avfallet som ökningen av kärnkraft för med sig. Även data för
kärnkraftsbränslekedjan borde uppdateras och möjligheten till kolneutralitet borde
beaktas i framtiden om fordonen och maskinerna som används blir mera effektiva
och möjligtvis eldrivna. LCA kunde även utföras för olika bränsledrivna CHPanläggningar för att jämföra CHP-anläggningarna och kärnkraftsanläggningar på ett
mer ändamålsenligt sätt.

REFERENCES
Aalto, A., Honkasalo, N., Järvinen, P., Jääskeläinen, J., Raiko, M., & Sarvaranta, A.,
2012. Mistä lisäjoustoa sähköjärjestelmään?, Espoo: Fubgrud.
Alakangas, E. & Flyktman, M., 2001. Biomass CHP technologies, Jyväskylä: VTT
Energy.
Ali, M. B., Saidur, R. & Hossain, M. S., 2011. A review on emission analysis in cement
industries. Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews, 15(5), pp. 2252-2261.
Australian Radiation Protection and Nuclear Safety Agency, 2020. Australian
Radiation
Protection
and
Nuclear
Safety
Agency.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://www.arpansa.gov.au/understanding-radiation/what-isradiation/ionising-radiation/alpha-particles
[Accessed 20 1 2020].
Australian Radiation Protection and Nuclear Safety Agency, 2020. Australian
Radiation
Protection
and
Nuclear
Safety
Agency.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://www.arpansa.gov.au/understanding-radiation/what-isradiation/ionising-radiation/beta-particles
[Accessed 20 1 2020].
Auto-Data.net,
2021.
Auto-Data.net.
[Online]
Available at: https://www.auto-data.net/fi/toyota-corolla-xi-e170-1.6-valvematic132hp-18480
[Accessed 18 1 2021].
Bal, M. B., Jose, R. C. & Meikap, B., 2019. Control of accidental discharge of
radioactive materials by filtered containment venting system: A review. Nuclear
Engineering and Technology, Volume 51, pp. 931-942.
Beerten, J., Laes, E., Meskens, G. & D'haeseleer, W., 2009. Greenhouse gas emissions
in the nuclear life cycle: A balanced appraisal. Energy Policy, 37(12), pp. 5056-5068.
Belyakov, N., 2020. Sustainable Power Generation: Current Status, Future
Challenges, and Perspectives. 1 ed. s.l.:Academic Press.
Breeze, P., 2018. Combined Heat and Power. 1 ed. London: Academic Press.
Budnitz, R. J., Rogner, H.-H. & Shihab-Eldin, A., 2018. Expansion of nuclear power
technology to new countries – SMRs, safety culture issues, and the need for an
improved international safety regime. Energy Policy, 119(1), pp. 535-544.
Carelli, M. D. & Ingersoll, D. T., 2020. Handbook of Small Modular Nuclear Reactors.
2 ed. s.l.:Woodhead Publishing.
Carless, T. S., Griffin, W. M. & Fischbeck, P. S., 2016. The environmental

competitiveness of small modular reactors: A life cycle study. Energy, 114(1), pp. 8499.
Crossland, I., 2012. Nuclear Fuel Cycle Science and Engineering. 1 ed. s.l.:Woodhead
Publishing.
Energiateollisuus, 2020. Kaukolämpötilasto 2019, s.l.: Energiateollisuus ry .
Fingrid,
2021.
Fingrid.
[Online]
Available at: https://www.fingrid.fi/sahkomarkkinat/sahkomarkkinainformaatio/co2/
[Accessed 28 5 2021].
Flyktman, M. & Helynen, S., 2004. Hyötysuhteiden määrittäminen päästökaupan
alkujakoa varten, Jyväskylä: VTT.
Hore-Lacy, I., 2016. Uranium for Nuclear Power. 1 ed. s.l.:Woodhead Publishing.
Ingersoll, D. T., 2016. Small Modular Reactors. 1 ed. s.l.:Woodhead Publishing.
International Atomic Energy Agency, 2016. Design Safety Considerations for Water
Cooled Small Modular Reactors Incorporating Lessons Learned from the Fukushima
Daiichi Accident, Vienna: IAEA.
Khan, S. U.-D. & Nakhabov, A., 2020. Nuclear Reactor Technology Development and
Utilization. 1 ed. s.l.:Woodhead Publishing.
Letcher, T. M., 2014. Future Energy. 1 ed. s.l.:Elsevier Science.
Liu, Z. & Fan, J., 2014. Technology readiness assessment of Small Modular Reactor
(SMR) designs. Progress in Nuclear Energy, 70(1), pp. 20-28.
LKAB Minerals Oy, 2015. Raskasta asiaa betonista– Raskasbetoni, s.l.: LKAB
Minerals Oy.
Locatelli, G., Fiordaliso, A., Boarin, S. & Ricotti, M. E., 2017. Cogeneration: An
option to facilitate load following in Small Modular Reactors. Progress in Nuclear
Energy, 97(1), pp. 153-161.
Ministry of Employment and the Economy, Energy Department, 2016. Management
of spent fuel and radioactive waste in Finland –national programme in accordance
with Article 12 of the Council Directive 2011/70/Euratom, Finland: s.n.
Muralikrishna, I. V. & Manickam, V., 2017. Environmental Management: Science and
Engineering for Industry. 1 ed. Cambridge: Butterworth-Heinemann.
Office of Nuclear Energy, 2019. Office of Nuclear Energy. [Online]
Available at: https://www.energy.gov/ne/articles/9-notable-facts-about-world-s-firstnuclear-power-plant-ebr-i
[Accessed 22 1 2020].

Parker, J. D., McNaughton, S. C. & Sparks, A. G., 2016. Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas
Emissions from Uranium Mining and Milling in Canada. Environmental Science &
Technology, 50(17), pp. 9746-9753.
Piro, M. H., 2020. Advances in Nuclear Fuel Chemistry. 1 ed. s.l.:Woodhead
Publishing.
Riznic, J., 2017. Steam Generators for Nuclear Power Plants. s.l.:Woodhead
Publishing.
Sipilä, K., Pursiheimo, E., Savola, T., Fogelholm, CJ., Keppo, I & Ahtila, P., 2005.
Small-Scale Biomass CHP Plantand District Heating, Helsinki: VTT.
Sovacool, B. K., 2008. Valuing the greenhouse gas emissions from nuclear power: A
critical survey. Energy Policy, 36(8), pp. 2950-2963.
Synatom,
2021.
synatom.be.
[Online]
Available at: https://synatom.be/en/our-technical-activities/the-front-end-of-thenuclear-fuel-cycle/
[Accessed 2 3 2021].
Tadashi, T., 2017. Steam turbine cycles and cycled design optimization: advanced
ultra-supercritical thermal powerplants and nuclear power plants. s.l.:Woodhead
Publishing.
Taylor, M., 1996. Greenhouse gas emissions from the nuclear fuel cycle, London: The
Uranium Institute.
Teräsvirta, A., Syri, S. & Hiltunen, P., 2020. Small Nuclear Reactor - Nordic District
Heating Case Study. Energies, 13(15).
Tilastokeskus,
2021.
Polttoaineluokitus
2021.
[Online]
Available
at:
https://www.stat.fi/tup/khkinv/khkaasut_polttoaineluokitus.html
[Accessed 12 3 2021].
TVO, 2006. Perustietoa Olkiluoto 3:sta, Olkiluoto: TVO.
TVO,
2021.
TVO.
Available
https://www.tvo.fi/tuotanto/laitosyksikot/ol3/rakennejateknisettiedot.html
[Accessed 14 1 2021].

[Online]
at:

Westinghouse,
2021.
Westinghouse.
[Online]
Available at: https://www.westinghousenuclear.com/new-plants/small-modularreactor
[Accessed 13 4 2021].
World

Nuclear

Association,

2021.

Nuclear

Power

Reactors.

[Online]

Available
at:
https://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/nuclear-fuelcycle/nuclear-power-reactors/nuclear-power-reactors.aspx
[Accessed 3 2 2021].
World Nuclear Association, 2021. Outline History of Nuclear Energy. [Online]
Available at: https://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/current-and-futuregeneration/outline-history-of-nuclear-energy.aspx
[Accessed 20 1 2021].
World Nuclear Association, 2021. Uranium mining Overview. [Online]
Available
at:
https://www.world-nuclear.org/information-library/nuclear-fuelcycle/mining-of-uranium/uranium-mining-overview.aspx
[Accessed 5 2 2021].
World Steel Association, 2021. Steel's contribution to a low carbon future, s.l.: s.n.

APPENDICES
Appendix 1: Olkiluoto data
Olkiluoto 3
Electrical output (MWe) netto
Thermal output (MWt)
Thermal efficieny (%)
Fuel in reactor core (ton U)
Annual consumnption (tU)
Yearly produced electrical power (TWh)
Lifetime (years)
Concrete amount (m^3)
Heavy concrete density (kg/m^3)
Concrete density (kg/m^3)
Concrete weight (kg)
Rebar Concrecte (m^3)
Heavy rebar concrete density
Rebar Concrecte density (kg/m^3)
Rebar Concrete weight (kg)
Specific CO2 emissions(kg CO2/kg concrete)
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)

Steel used AP1000 (kg)
Upscale factor, assumption
Steel used (kg)
Specific CO2 emissions(kg CO2/kg concrete)
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)

Sources
1600 TVO (2021)
4300 TVO (2021)
37 TVO (2021)
128 TVO (2021)
32 TVO (2021)
13 TVO (2021)
60 TVO (2021)
250000 TVO (2021)
3500 LKAB Minerals Oy (2015)
2400 LKAB Minerals Oy (2015)
737500000
52000 TVO (2021)
3600 LKAB Minerals Oy (2015)
2500 LKAB Minerals Oy (2015)
158600000
0,71 Ali, Saidur & Hossain (2011)
635147802,2

36466500 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
1,6
58346400
1,9 World Steel Association (2012)
110858160

Construction workers
1600 TVO (2021)
Construction time (years)
18 TVO (2021)
Distance Pori - Olkiluoto (km)
56,7
Distance Rauma - Olkiluoto (km)
24,7
Average distance (50/50 split in workers)
40,7
Workdays
6570
Roundtrips (all workers)
10512000
Distance (km)
427838400
Emissions (g/km CO2)
139 Auto-Data.net (2021)
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time (kg CO2)
59469537,6

Natural uranium/enriched ratio
Enriched uranium (kg/year)
Natural uranium needed (kg)
Conversion Unat => U3O3, yellowcake
Total U3O3 (kg)
kg CO2e/kg U3O8
Total CO2 Unatural => U3O8 (kg)
Lenzen at al(2006)
Mining and milling (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Conversion (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Enrichment (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Fuel fabrication (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Total fuel cycle (g CO2-eq./kWhe)

10,3 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
32000,0
329638,6
0,75 Synatom (2021)
247228,9157
42 Parker, McNaughton & Sparks (2016)
10383614,46
Source
3,77 Beerten et al., (2009)
3,92 Beerten et al., (2009)
16,1 Beerten et al., (2009)
1,82 Beerten et al., (2009)
25,61

Torfs et al(1998)
Mining and milling (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Conversion (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Enrichment (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Fuel fabrication (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Total fuel cycle (g CO2-eq./kWhe)

0,83
1,05
1,77
0,05
3,7

Taylor (1996)
Natural uranium/enriched ratio
Enriched uranium (kg/year)
Natural uranium needed (kg)
Mining and milling (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Converision (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Enrichment (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Fuel Fabrication (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Whole fuel chain (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Total CO2 fuel chain(kg CO2/year)
Yearly produced electrical power (kWhe/year)
Specific CO2 emission (kg CO2/kWhe)
Specific CO2 emission (g CO2/kWhe)

8,3
32000,0
264096,4
47
7
140
3
197
52026987,95
13000000000
0,004002076
4,002075996

Plant Workers Commute emissions
Workers (assumed)
Distance Pori - Olkiluoto (km)
Distance Rauma - Olkiluoto (km)
Average distance (50/50 split in workers)
Workdays
Total distance driven year(km)
Emissions (g/km CO2)
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)

471
56,7
24,7
40,7
365
3498470,25
139
486287,3648

Total emissions, Taylor (1996)
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)
635147802,20
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)
110858160
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time 18 years
59469537,60
(kg CO2)
Total Emissions Fuel chain per year (kg CO2)
52026987,95
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)
486287,36
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
3956272018,79
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
780000000000
Specific emissions, total lifecycle(g CO2/kWh e )
5,07

Beerten et al., (2009)
Lenzen
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)
635147802,2
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)
110858160
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time 18 years
59469537,6
(kg CO2)
Total Emissions Fuel chain per year (kg CO2)
332930000
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)
486287,3648
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
20810452742
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWh)
7,8E+11
Specific emissions, total lifecycle(g CO2/kWh e )
26,68

Beerten et al., (2009)
Torfs
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)
635147802,2
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)
110858160
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time 18 years
59469537,6
(kg CO2)
Total Emissions Fuel chain per year (kg CO2)
48100000
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)
486287,3648
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
3720652742
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
7,8E+11
Specific emissions, total lifecycle(g CO2/kWh e )
4,77

Taylor (1996)
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Total produced heat, 60 years (kWh)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle(g CO2/kWh)
Specific emission for fuel (g CO2/kWh)

3956272019
7,8E+11
2,1E+12
1,88
1,48

Beerten et al., (2009)
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Total produced heat, 60 years (kWh)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle(g CO2/kWh)
Specific emission for fuel (g CO2/kWh)

Lenzen
20810452742
7,8E+11
2,1E+12
9,87
9,48

Beerten et al., (2009)
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Total produced heat, 60 years (kWh)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle(g CO2/kWh)
Specific emission for fuel (g CO2/kWh)

Torfs
3720652742
7,8E+11
2,1E+12
1,76
1,37

Appendix 2: Westinghouse SMR
W-SMR
Electrical output (MWe) netto
Thermal output (MWt)
Thermal efficieny (%)
Fuel in reactor core (ton U)
Annual consumnption (tU)
Lifetime produced electrical power (TWh)
Lifetime (years)
Yearly produced electrical power (TWh)
Concrete amount (tonnes)
Rebar Concrecte (tonnes)
Specific CO2 emissions(kg CO2/kg concrete)
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg)

Source
225 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
800 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
28 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
26,3 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
13,15 Westinghouse (2021)
114 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
60 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
1,9 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
80000 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
4000 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
0,71 Ali, Saidur & Hossain (2011)
59538461,54

Steel used (kg)
Specific CO2 emissions(kg CO2/kg concrete)
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg)

11450000 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
1,9 World Steel Association (2012)
21755000

Reduction in workers(%)
Construction workers
Construction time (years)
Distance Pori - Olkiluoto (km)
Distance Rauma - Olkiluoto (km)
Average distance (50/50 split in workers)
Workdays
Roundtrips (all workers)
Distance (km)
Emissions (g/km CO2)
Total Construction workers emissions (kg CO2)

73 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
432 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
2 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
56,7
24,7
40,7
730
315360
12835152
139 Auto-Data.net (2021)
1784086,128

Taylor (1996)
Natural uranium/enriched ratio
Enriched uranium (kg/year)
Natural uranium needed (kg)
Mining and milling (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Converision (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Enrichment (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Fuel Fabrication (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Whole fuel chain (kg CO2/kg Unat)
Total CO2 fuel chain(kg)
Specific CO2 emission (g CO2/kWhe)

9,0 Carless, Griffin & Fischbeck (2016)
13150,0
118825,3
47 Taylor (1996)
7 Taylor (1996)
140 Taylor (1996)
3 Taylor (1996)
197 Taylor (1996)
23408584,34
12,32030755

Lenzen at al(2006)
Mining and milling (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Conversion (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Enrichment (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Fuel fabrication (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Total fuel cycle (g CO2-eq./kWhe)

3,77 Beerten et al., (2009)
3,92 Beerten et al., (2009)
16,1 Beerten et al., (2009)
1,82 Beerten et al., (2009)
25,61

Torfs et al(1998)
Mining and milling (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Conversion (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Enrichment (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Fuel fabrication (g CO2-eq./kWhe)
Total fuel cycle (g CO2-eq./kWhe)

0,83 Beerten et al., (2009)
1,05 Beerten et al., (2009)
1,77 Beerten et al., (2009)
0,05 Beerten et al., (2009)
3,7

Plant Workers Commute emissions
Workers Olkiluoto
Workers (SMR)
Distance Pori - Olkiluoto (km)
Distance Rauma - Olkiluoto (km)
Average distance (50/50 split in workers)
Workdays
Total distance driven year(km)
Emissions (g/km CO2)
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)

471
127
56,7
24,7
40,7
365
943324,25
139
131122,0708

RESULTS
Electricity only
Total emissions, Taylor
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time(kg CO2)
Total Emissions Fuel chain per year (kg CO2)
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( kg CO2/kWhe)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( g CO2/kWhe)

59538461,54
21755000
1784086,128
23408584,34
131122,0708
1495459932
1,14E+11
0,01311807
13,11806958

Total emissions, Lenzen
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time(kg CO2)
Total Emissions Fuel chain per year (kg CO2)
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( kg CO2/kWhe)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( g CO2/kWhe)

59538461,54
21755000
1784086,128
48659000
131122,0708
3010484872
1,14E+11
0,026407762
26,40776203

Total emissions, Torfs
Total CO2 emissions, concrete (kg CO2)
Total CO2 emissions, steel (kg CO2)
Total Construction workers emissions, whole construction time(kg CO2)
Total Emissions Fuel chain per year (kg CO2)
Total emissions per year, plant workers (kg CO2)
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( kg CO2/kWhe)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( g CO2/kWhe)

59538461,54
21755000
1784086,128
7030000
131122,0708
512744871,9
1,14E+11
0,004497762
4,497762034

Taylor
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Total produced heat, 60 years (kWh)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( g CO2/kWh h)
Fuel only (g CO2/kWh)

1495459932
1,14E+11
4,07143E+11
3,673059482
3,449686113

Lenzen
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Total produced heat, 60 years (kWh)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( g CO2/kWh h)
Fuel only (g CO2/kWh)

3010484872
1,14E+11
4,07143E+11
7,39417337
7,1708

Torfs
Emissions total, 60 years of operating (kg CO2)
Total produced elecricity, 60 years (kWhe)
Total produced heat, 60 years (kWh)
Specific emissions, total lifecycle( g CO2/kWh h)
Fuel only (g CO2/kWh)

512744871,9
1,14E+11
4,07143E+11
1,25937337
1,036

GWh

4 436,9

550,1

2 738,0

599,4

Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Espoo

3 111,8

390,0

1 988,1

354,5

829,6

109,7

472,9

145,1

11 849,1

510,7

6 451,2

543,6

Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Joensuu
Helen Oy
Kuopion Energia Oy

1 415,6

28,9

838,2

194,0

Lahti Energia Oy

1 994,1

619,1

1 229,6

47,1

Lahti Energia Oy, Lahti

1 966,9

591,9

1 206,1

44,1

Loimua Oy

761,5

232,4

572,5

51,5

Nevel Oy

985,4

251,4

722,3

68,8

Oulun Energia Oy

2 043,6

154,5

1 210,2

269,3

Pori Energia Oy

1 079,6

45,5

628,7

33,4

Pori Energia Oy, Pori

1 061,3

27,2

614,8

33,4

744,6

385,1

534,8

70,3

Tampereen Sähkölaitos

2 847,0

609,4

1 989,6

261,5

Tampereen Sähkölaitos, Tampere

2 827,2

589,6

1 971,0

261,5

Vantaan Energia Oy

2 545,9

420,1

1 615,7

239,9

809,5

28,7

546,1

0,0

1 120,0

0,0

617,4

0,0

Kaukaan Voima Oy, Lappeenranta

898,3

0,0

505,0

0,0

Turun Seudun Energiantuotanto Oy

2 829,3

141,1

1 653,8

255,9

737,7

0,0

421,6

0,0

Savon Voima Oyj

Jyväskylän Energiantuotanto Oy
Jyväskylän Voima Oy

Vaskiluodon Voima Oy, Vaasa

3 337,4
2342,6
618
6994,8
1032,2
1276,7
1250,2
624
791,1
1479,5
662,1
648,2
605,1
2251,1
2232,5
1855,6
546,1
617,4
505
1909,7
421,6

GWh

GWh

2 315,7

891,8

1 703,4

630,6

378,7

169,0

5 993,8

4 106,1

811,3

336,0

742,7

338,2

742,7

338,2

365,5

47,5

512,0

88,2

1 074,6

503,4

599,4

228,2

599,4

228,2

210,3

79,0

1 415,4

544,6

1 415,4

544,6

1 248,2

482,3

520,0

160,0

617,4

291,8

505,0

176,3

1 541,6

825,7

421,6

279,5

GWh
4 229,2
2973,2
787
11100,9
1368,2
1614,9
1588,4
671,5
879,3
1982,9
890,3
876,4
684,1
2795,7
2777,1
2337,9
706,1
909,2
681,3
2735,4
701,1

Efficiency

District heating + electricity

Net electricity production related to district heating
production

GWh

Fortum Power and Heat Oy

Net production of district heat in cogeneration

GWh

Delivery of district heat

Heat recovery or heat pump production

GWh

GWh

Net production with fuels

Total fuels used for separate district heat production

Tilastokeskus 2021
Plant

Total fuel used for district heating and cogenenration
electricity

Appendix 3: CHP plants

0,953
0,955
0,949
0,937
0,967
0,810
0,808
0,882
0,892
0,970
0,825
0,826
0,919
0,982
0,982
0,918
0,872
0,812
0,758
0,967
0,950

Energiateollisuus (2020)
Laitos
Fortum Power and Heat Oy
Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Espoo
Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Joensuu
Helen Oy
Kuopion Energia Oy
Lahti Energia Oy
Lahti Energia Oy, Lahti
Loimua Oy
Nevel Oy
Oulun Energia Oy
Pori Energia Oy
Pori Energia Oy, Pori
Savon Voima Oyj
Tampereen Sähkölaitos
Tampereen Sähkölaitos, Tampere
Vantaan Energia Oy
Jyväskylän Energiantuotanto Oy
Jyväskylän Voima Oy
Kaukaan Voima Oy, Lappeenranta
Turun Seudun Energiantuotanto Oy
Vaskiluodon Voima Oy, Vaasa

GWh

0,0

0,4

0,0

0,0

0,0

1,5

31,2

31,2

8,6

26,6

28,4

3,3

6,7

11,1

3,1

3,1

21,2

28,7

22,9

4,6

29,7

Medium
distillates
(Gasoil)

GWh
13,6
2 042,3

0,0

729,6

780,0

4 860,0

0,0
6 656,3

151,6

78,0

510,2

147,5

0,0
510,2

0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0

0,0

0,0

244,9

801,9

821,7

0,0

565,6

0,0

0,0

2,0

0,0

0,0
12,5

0,0

0,0

17,6

17,6

0,0

33,8

58,6

0,0

0,0
0,0
0,0
20,6
27,2
2,2
1,4
3,3
0,0
0,0
0,0
3,1

35,1

99,8

1 357,9

0,0
0,0

79,8

0,0

0,0

0,0

2 042,3

GWh

Natural gas

0,0

GWh

Hard coal and
anthracite

13,6

Heavy distillates

GWh

GWh

1 267,0

190,9

52,6

141,1

516,1

445,5

84,5

681,2

681,2

307,5

334,3

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

41,2

334,3

462,0

151,7

13,4

13,4

540,8

0,0

254,5

0,0

254,5

Milled peat
41,2

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

Liquefied natural
gas (LNG)

GWh

0,0

4,6

16,6

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

17,9

0,0

0,0

0,0

61,4

1,8

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

Sod peat

GWh

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,2

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

Peat pellets and
briquettes

GWh

231,1

517,5

46,6

154,5

44,5

131,8

182,8

182,8

143,9

0,0

0,0

402,4

94,8

283,3

158,3

169,9

236,3

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

Chips from
roundwood

GWh

171,9

465,1

19,8

217,0

107,5

135,0

493,1

493,1

60,3

216,5

232,2

109,2

86,3

157,6

204,0

204,0

242,3

0,0

307,2

0,0

620,1

Forest residue
chips

GWh

GWh

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,9

257,3

0,0

22,9

0,9

13,1

312,6

312,6

0,8

0,0

196,9

64,7

0,0

13,5

110,7

68,3

11,8

0,0

102,2

529,1

11,3

65,2

68,9

75,5

60,7

37,6

13,5

0,0

0,0

45,2

18,6

18,6

8,1

76,1

59,9

93,0

21,3

0,0

13,8

4,6

0,0

31,4

20,5

6,4

6,4

0,0

0,0

GWh

Saw dust

0,0

Bark

4,6

30,5

1,7

20,3

7,1

7,1

13,5

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

Hog fuel from
stumps

0,0

7,5

62,4

0,0

0,0

39,6

0,0

0,0

25,3

0,0

0,0

4,7

47,6

17,5

0,2

1,0

0,4

0,0

195,6

3,5

293,6

GWh

Wood residue
chips

0,0
0,0
0,0
1,8
0,0
0,0
0,0
6,5
0,4
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,2
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

48,3

26,3

14,3

0,8

0,8

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

14,0

0,3

11,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

GWh

Unspecified
industrial wood
residue

0,0

GWh

Cutter shavings,
grinding powder,
etc.

0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
11,4

GWh

Other industrial
wood residue

0,0

50,4

0,0

0,0

0,0

94,4

0,0

0,0

6,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

46,2

4,6

18,9

18,9

48,6

0,0

25,5

0,0

33,4

GWh

Recovered wood

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

128,6

128,6

13,3

9,3

9,3

1,2

21,7

6,4

0,0

0,0

0,0

226,1

0,0

202,5

202,5

GWh

Wood pellets
and briquettes

GWh

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,8

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

Vegetablebased fuels

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

20,4

GWh

Animal-based
fuels

7,3
5,5
0,0
30,5
0,5
0,5
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0

4,8

31,4
0,0

0,0
0,0
0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

515,4

0,0
380,7

0,0

515,4

0,0
0,0

0,0

380,7

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

1 120,1

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

470,9

470,9

GWh

Municipal waste
/mixed waste

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0
101,8

0,0
0,0

0,0

101,8

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

GWh

Demolition wood
7,2

GWh

Recovered fuels
36,2

GWh

Liquid biofuels
12,8

GWh

Biogas

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

2,6

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

0,0

66,2

GWh

Other
unspecified
energy sources

Emission factor (Tilastokeskus 2021)
t CO2/TJ
Biofuel share
t CO2/GWh

70,9

0

255,24

Medium
distillates
(Gasoil)

77,0

0

277,2

Heavy distillates

93,1

0

335,16

Hard coal and
anthracite

55,4

0

199,44

Natural gas

55,8

0

200,88

Liquefied natural
gas (LNG)

107,6

0

387,36

Milled peat

103,2

0

371,52

Sod peat

97,0

0

349,2

Peat pellets and
briquettes

1

0

112,0

Chips from
roundwood

1

0

112,0

Forest residue
chips

1

0

112,0

Hog fuel from
stumps

1

112,0

0

112,0

1

0

Bark

Saw dust

1

0

112,0

Wood residue
chips

112,0

1

0

112,0

1

0

Cutter shavings,
grinding powder,
etc.
Unspecified
industrial wood
residue

1

0

112,0

Other industrial
wood residue

1

0

112,0

Recovered wood

1

0

112,0

Wood pellets
and briquettes

1

0

100,0

Vegetablebased fuels

1

0

75,0

Animal-based
fuels

1

0

54,6

Biogas

1

0

79,6

Liquid biofuels

31,8

0,6

45,792

Recovered fuels

11,4

0,9

4,104

Demolition wood

80,0

0

288

Municipal waste
/mixed waste

75,0

0,1

243

Other
unspecified
energy sources

Fuel
Plant
Fortum Power and Heat Oy
Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Espoo
Fortum Power and Heat Oy, Joensuu
Helen Oy
Kuopion Energia Oy
Lahti Energia Oy
Lahti Energia Oy, Lahti
Loimua Oy
Nevel Oy
Oulun Energia Oy
Pori Energia Oy
Pori Energia Oy, Pori
Savon Voima Oyj
Tampereen Sähkölaitos
Tampereen Sähkölaitos, Tampere
Vantaan Energia Oy
Jyväskylän Energiantuotanto Oy
Jyväskylän Voima Oy
Kaukaan Voima Oy, Lappeenranta
Turun Seudun Energiantuotanto Oy
Vaskiluodon Voima Oy, Vaasa

Heavy distillates

Hard coal and anthracite

Natural gas

Liquefied natural gas (LNG)

Milled peat

Sod peat

Peat pellets and briquettes

Chips from roundwood

t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
7580,628 3769,92 684497,3 155563,2
0
98583,12
0
0
1174,104
0 684497,3 145511,4
0
0
0
0
5844,996 3769,92
0
0
0
98583,12
0
0
7325,388 21621,6 2230926 969278,4
0
0
0
0
5411,088
0
0
0
0 209484,288
0
0
791,244
0 170998,6 30235,1
0
5190,624
0
0
791,244
0 170998,6 29417,4
0
5190,624
0
0
2833,164
0
0 11687,18
0 58762,512 668,736
69,84
1710,108 5710,32 11328,41
0
0 178960,32 22811,33
0
842,292 7539,84
0
0
0 490785,12
0
0
7248,816
609,84 5898,816
0 8276,256 129494,448
0
0
6789,384
388,08 5898,816
0 8276,256 129494,448
0
0
2195,064
914,76
0
0
0
119113,2 6650,208
0
7963,488
0
0 163879,8
0 263869,632
0
0
7963,488
0
0 159930,9
0 263869,632
0
0
382,86
0 189566,5 48842,86
0
32731,92
0
0
0 9729,72
0
0
0 172568,88
0
0
0
859,32
4189,5
0
0 199916,496
0
0
0
0
0
398,88
0 54656,496 6167,232
0
102,096 22120,56 455113,8
0
0 20375,136 1708,992
0
0
0 33448,97
0
0 73947,024
0
0

Medium distillates (Gasoil)

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

t CO2

Forest residue chips

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

t CO2

t CO2

t CO2

Saw dust

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Bark

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Hog fuel from stumps

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2

t CO2

Biogas

t CO2

Liquid biofuels

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Animal-based fuels

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Vegetable-based fuels

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Wood pellets and briquettes

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Recovered wood

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Other industrial wood residue

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Unspecified industrial wood residue

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Cutter shavings, grinding powder, etc.

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

t CO2
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Wood residue chips

0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

Demolition wood

Municipal waste /mixed waste

Other unspecified energy sources

t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
t CO2
329,7024
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
17433,01 2115,202
0
0
17433,01 2115,202
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
4661,626
0
0
0
4661,626
0
0
0
0
0
0
631,8
0
0 135619,2
0
0
0 135619,2
0
0
0 322588,8
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0 16086,6
0
0
0
0

Recovered fuels

950323,8
831182,8
108198
3229151
214895,4
226763,8
225946,1
74021,44
220520,5
499167,3
156189,8
155508,6
129505
571332,2
567383,3
594112,9
182298,6
204965,3
61222,61
515507,1
107396

Total
CO2
(t)
All fuel sources

