The budget’s viability in managing performance
- a case study of Eckes-Granini Oy Ab

Heidi Jaatinen
Master’s thesis in accounting
Supervisor: Matti Skoog
Faculty of Social Sciences,
Business and Economics
Åbo Akademi University
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI UNIVERSITY – Faculty of Social Sciences, Business and
Economics
Abstract for Master’s thesis
Subject: Accounting
Writer: Heidi Jaatinen
Title: The budget’s viability in managing performance – a case study of Eckes-Granini Finland
Oy Ab
Supervisor: Matti Skoog
Abstract:
The budget is a cornerstone of management control in most organisations, providing a tool for
planning, controlling and evaluating performance. Due to the increasingly volatile and complex
business environments, the budget is perceived as unsupportive of modern management and
incapable of reacting to changes fast enough. This has generated the Beyond Budgeting debate
where one part considers the budget as fundamentally flawed and thus should be abolished, while
the counterpart advocates for improving it. This thesis investigates the viability of the budget in
managing performance, by considering its role in the performance management system. This
thesis further considers three alternative approaches and their plausibility for improving or
abandoning the budget.
How budgets are used is strongly linked to organisational context. The research was conducted
as a single case study in a middle-sized manufacturing company based in Finland. Data were
collected through semi-structured interviews with seven respondents from various organisational
levels and functions.
The study revealed that the budget was perceived as a necessary tool for ensuring internal
efficiency and cost-consciousness through planning, controlling and evaluating. Budgetary issues
discovered were the time it consumes, the number of details required and its unsupportiveness of
cross-functional cooperation. The performance management system has been complemented with
supporting practices for strategic implementation and forecasting, indicating a reduced role for
the budget as a tool for planning and evaluating. An analysis of alternative approaches was made
to gain an understanding of whether to improve or abandon the budget.
The results indicate that the budget is still the most efficient tool to fulfil the control function in
the case company. It has a crucial role in integrating the performance management system. The
proposed solution is a simplification of the required budgetary information and a formalisation
of the new responsibility routines.
Keywords:
Budget, beyond budgeting, performance management, management control, performance
management systems
Date: 17.5.2021

Number of pages: 77

ÅBO AKADEMI – FAKULTETEN FÖR SAMHÄLLSVETENSKAPER OCH
EKONOMI
Abstrakt för avhandling pro gradu
Ämne: Redovisning
Författare: Heidi Jaatinen
Arbetets titel: The budget’s viability in managing performance – a case study of Eckes-Granini
Finland Oy Ab
Handledare: Matti Skoog
Abstrakt:
I de flesta organisationerna är budgeten en institutionaliserad del av ekonomistyrningen och utgör
ett verktyg för planering, kontroll och utvärdering av verksamheten. På grund av den alltmer
volatila och komplexa affärsmiljön uppfattas budgeten inte längre vara värdeskapande för
modern ledning och oförmögen att reagera snabbt på förändringar. Detta har genererat Beyond
budgeting-debatten där den ena parten anser att budgeten i grunden är bristfällig och bör
avskaffas, medan den andra parten förespråkar en förbättring av budgeteringsprocessen.
Avhandlingens syfte är att undersöka budgetens livskraft ur ett ekonomistyrningsperspektiv och
överväga rimligheten av tre alternativa tillvägagångssätt för att förbättra eller ersätta budgeten.
Hur budgetar utnyttjas är starkt sammankopplat med företagssammanhanget. Forskningen
utfördes som en fallstudie i ett medelstort producerande företag i Finland. Data samlades in
genom intervjuer med sju respondenter från olika organisationsnivåer och funktioner.
Studien avslöjar att budgeten upplevs som ett nödvändigt verktyg för att säkerställa intern
effektivitet och kostnadsmedvetenhet. Samtidigt upplevs budgeteringsprocessen som
tidskrävande, för detaljerad och inkapabel att stöda tvärfunktionellt samarbete.
Ekonomistyrningssystemet har kompletterats med stödjande processer.
Resultaten indikerar att budgeten fortfarande är det lämpligaste verktyget för kontroll i
fallföretaget. Det ökade tvärfunktionella samarbetet har ökat på mängden delad information och
suddat ut ansvarsområden i budgeteringsprocessen. Den föreslagna lösningen är en förenkling av
informationskravet i budgeteringsprocessen och en formalisering av nya ansvarsrutiner.
Nyckelord:
Budget, beyond budgeting, ekonomistyrning, kontroll
Datum: 17.5.2021

Sidoantal: 77

Abbreviations
BSC – Balanced scorecard
E-G Finland – Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab
PMS – Performance management system
S&OP – Sales & operational planning

Table of Contents
1.

2.

3

Introduction .......................................................................................................... 1

1.1

Research problem .......................................................................................... 2

1.2

Purpose of the study ...................................................................................... 3

1.3

Research method and contributions............................................................... 4

1.4

Structure and delimitations ............................................................................ 5

Performance management systems ...................................................................... 6
2.1

Management control ...................................................................................... 6

2.2

Framework by Ferreira & Otley .................................................................... 8

2.3

Framework by Johanson, Almqvist & Skoog ............................................. 14

Traditional Budgeting ........................................................................................ 17
3.1

Purposes of budgeting ................................................................................. 17

3.1.1

Planning ............................................................................................... 17

3.1.2

Control ................................................................................................. 18

3.1.3

Evaluation ............................................................................................ 18

3.2

Criticism of traditional budgeting ............................................................... 19

3.3

Better budgeting .......................................................................................... 20

3.3.1

The balanced scorecard ........................................................................ 21

3.3.2

Rolling budgets and forecasts .............................................................. 23

3.4

Beyond Budgeting ....................................................................................... 24

4

Prior research ..................................................................................................... 27

5

Methodology ...................................................................................................... 32
5.1

Case study.................................................................................................... 32

5.1.1

6

7

The case company ................................................................................ 33

5.2

Interviews .................................................................................................... 34

5.2

Analysis of data ........................................................................................... 35

5.3

Research reliability and validity .................................................................. 36

Empirical findings .............................................................................................. 37
6.2

The interviewees .......................................................................................... 37

6.3

Strategy, key success factors and organisational structure .......................... 38

6.4

Performance measurement, evaluation and rewards ................................... 41

6.5

Information flows and the business environment ........................................ 44

6.6

The budgetary process ................................................................................. 47

Analysis .............................................................................................................. 52
7.2

The integrated performance management system ....................................... 52

7.2.1

Ideal and coherence .............................................................................. 52

7.2.2

Functional process ................................................................................ 53

8

7.2.3

Contextual support ............................................................................... 54

7.2.4

Contextual communication and learning ............................................. 55

7.3

The budget’s role in the PMS ...................................................................... 55

7.4

Alternative approaches ................................................................................ 59

7.4.1

The Balanced scorecard ....................................................................... 59

7.4.2

Rolling budget ...................................................................................... 60

7.4.3

Beyond Budgeting................................................................................ 61

Conclusions and discussion ............................................................................... 63
8.2

Directions for future research ...................................................................... 65

Swedish summary – Svensk sammanfattning ............................................................ 66
References .................................................................................................................. 69
Appendix 1. Information to the respondents .............................................................. 73
Appendix 2. Interview guide 1 ................................................................................... 74
Appendix 3. Interview guide 2 .................................................................................. 76
Appendix 4. Conducted interviews ............................................................................ 77

1. Introduction
Budgeting is a cornerstone of management control in most organisations, making its
functionality an extensively researched topic within management accounting.
(Covaleski et al. 2007) Budgeting has many advantages when done right, its key
functions being planning, control and evaluation of performance. (Henttu-Aho &
Järvinen 2013) However, in recent years criticism of the annual budget has been well
documented. The criticism is grounded on the budget’s inability to support modern
management in a fast-changing business environment. (Hansen et al. 2003; Neely et
al. 2003) The criticism has generated the Beyond Budgeting debate where Beyond
Budgeting perceives the budget as fundamentally flawed and thus should be abolished,
while the counterpart advocates for improving the budget to answer to its
shortcomings. (Henttu-Aho 2016)
Traditional budgeting was created in a time when economic circumstances were more
stable with the aim of helping companies perform. The purpose of budgeting is to be
a tool combining planning, coordination, and communication among sub-units in an
organisation, providing a framework for motivation, control, and evaluation of
employees. (Hansen et al. 2003) Globalisation, the development of technology and
digitalisation have added to the volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity of
business environments. Bunce, Fraser & Woodcock (1995) argue that since the
traditional budgeting process was developed for a more stable business environment,
it is unsupportive of modern management.
The discontent with the budgeting process and its ability to support the larger
perspective has resulted in an increased interest in alternatives for traditional
budgeting. There is a wide framework of critique on budgeting and a set of alternative
concepts, but there is still a lack of understanding the practical implications of
substituting the annual budget. This research considers the viability of budgeting
through a broader perspective of performance management and whether companies
should improve or abandon the process.

1

1.1 Research problem
Budgeting is implicated in basically every aspect of management accounting and an
institutionalised part of performance management. Overall, performance management
and measurement has seen a revolution during the last 30 years. The focus on formal
financial control has evolved to a broader perspective of financial and non-financial
information of both internal and external variables, in order to adapt to the changing
business environments and strengthen the overall company performance through
strategic positioning. (Chenhall 2007) The perceptions of traditional management
accounting methods, such as the budget, have changed from supporting management
to being too theoretical, short-sighted, financially focused and simplified for modern
complex business environments. Traditional methods neglect value-creating aspects,
such as knowledge and customer relations, that need to be considered in contemporary
society. (Johanson et al. 2006)
Budgeting remains a vital tool for management control, even if it has gained an
increasing amount of criticism through the years. It is perceived as a time-consuming
process, with weak links to the strategy. It is argued that the budget stimulates
manipulative behaviour and assumptions are outdated too quickly. It centralises
decision-making, enforcing a vertical command-and-control structure which is
incompatible with the modern organisational designs of flat networks. (Hansen et al.
2003; Bogsnes 2016) A study of Finnish firms shows that 61% of respondents are
actively trying to develop their existing budgeting system, but only 14% are planning
to abandon their budgets, or at least considering it. (Ekholm & Wallin 2000) In a study
of North American budgeting practices, Libbey & Lindsey (2010) discovered that only
5% indicated a possibility of eliminating budgets for control, suggesting that budgets
are still alive and well in organisations. Budgeting has many advantages when done
right: it implements strategy, supports company operations through planning,
coordination, and motivation, and communicates it to employees. (Drury 2015)
Bogsnes (2016) argues that the original purposes of budgeting, planning, target setting
and motivating, are conflicting each other. The traditional budget is an effort to solve
different problems with one tool. The easy solution would be to develop new tools for
each purpose, but the challenge is to change the institutional budgeting mindset.
Competitive advantage through innovation seems to be tied to product technology.
2

When it comes to management innovation, companies tend to be careful and seek
answers in common best practice.
Why do organisations continue budgeting when there is a strong discontent with the
process? Bogsnes (2016) claims that either they are unaware of options, or the
budgeting problems are too small to justify the major changes that alternatives may
entail. However, studies indicate that budgets are still widely used and crucial for
internal efficiency (Ekholm & Wallin 2000; Libbey & Lindsey 2010; Shivabalan et al.
2009)
Østergren & Stensaker (2009) claim that accounting innovations have commonly been
researched one innovation at a time, which further has built on the inconsistency of
research results. This is supported by Malmi & Brown (2008) who claim that focusing
research on separate practices might give misleading results, since a broader
perspective is required for understanding how one practice affects others.
Organisations seem to be standing at a crossroad. Should they maintain the budgeting
system despite possible discontent, or should they improve or even abandon their
existing system? Investigating the alternatives for traditional budgeting and how these
alternatives fit into the modern perspective of performance management is an
interesting and contemporary phenomenon to cover, answering to a practical problem
companies are facing.

1.2 Purpose of the study
This thesis considers the current budgeting process and its functionality through a
broader perspective of performance management in a case company. The purpose is
to gain un understanding of the budget’s viability as an element of the performance
management system and how alternative approaches might support or replace it. To
achieve the purpose, the research problem is approached through three research
questions:
1. What constitutes the current performance management system?
2. What is the budget’s role in the performance management system?
3. Should the case company maintain, improve or abandon the budget?

3

1.3 Research method and contributions
The research questions are examined through a case study. The case company EckesGranini Finland Oy Ab is a manufacturing middle-sized company based in Finland,
with its headquarters in Germany. The company participated in a study by Fredrika
Salo in 2018 about the relevance of the annual budget, where it was perceived as
relevant. Due to the everchanging business environment, the company still wants to
explore alternative approaches. This study is grounded on an action research approach,
since the company expressed a will to examine possible solutions to existing budgetary
issues.
The thesis provides empirical insight into recent innovations within management
control, by analysing the current state of affairs in order to gain an understanding of
possible best practice. The conclusions made will assist the case company’s directors
in deciding whether to improve or abandon the annual budget.
Data are collected through interviews with three top-level managers to achieve a
holistic understanding of the current performance management system. The research
is then completed with additional interviews with respondents from different
organisational levels and functions, in order to gain insight on possible differing
assumptions. Gathered data are analysed in relation to the theoretical framework.
The budget’s functionality has been an extensively researched topic in past decades,
leading companies to speculate over whether to improve or abandon it. (Hansen et al.
2003; Hope & Fraser 2003; Ekholm & Wallin 2000) This thesis will contribute to the
beyond budgeting debate from a practitioner’s perspective, by investigating the
budget’s viability through a broader perspective of performance management. Prior
research has focused on specific practices with inconsistent results, since taking a too
narrow research perspective has failed to capture how other practices affects possible
shortcomings of the budget (Malmi & Brown 2008; Østergren & Stensaker 2009). This
research enables a deeper understanding of the budget’s role in increasingly complex
business networks, by investigating the perceptions of performance management from
various organisational levels and functions. The insights gained provides a basis for
future research of whether to improve or abandon the budget at the case company by
considering the applicability of alternative approaches.

4

1.4 Structure and delimitations
The research is divided into seven chapters, starting with the theoretical framework
consisting of performance management systems, budgets in their most traditional form
and different alternative approaches. In chapter four the research methodology and
methods are presented, followed by the empirical data obtained in the study. Chapter
six reveals the analysis and the final chapter presents conclusions made during the
research.
This thesis delimits itself from governmental budgeting, since the extensive political
science research differ from issues in management accounting literature of the private
sector.

5

2. Performance management systems
This chapter considers the concept of performance management systems and why it is
crucial to take this broader perspective when evaluating the budget’s viability. Two
frameworks are presented in order to gain an understanding of how various systems
are constructed.

2.1 Management control
Management control refers to what managers do to assure that a company performs
well, adapts to its environment and reaches the goals set for different stakeholders. The
process can be described as strategy implementation which consists of target setting,
how to achieve the targets and how to align behaviour accordingly. (Merchant & Otley
2007) According to Bourne et al. (2014), performance measurement and management
has seen a revolution during the last 30 years. Management control has progressed
from formal, measurable financial information to a much broader scope that includes
external information of markets, customers, competitors and non-financial information
about internal processes, predictive information, and different mechanisms for
personal and social control (Chenhall 2003). There is a stream of research emphasising
the importance of studying accounting innovations in practice as an integrated part of
a broader package of management control systems. Taking a broader perspective
enables a deeper understanding of the impact of innovations and how to design
management control packages. (Malmi & Brown 2008)
Management control is a broad topic, where terms are often used interchangeably.
Chenhall (2003) separates in his research the term management accounting,
management accounting systems, and management control systems. Management
accounting indicates a set of practices, where budgeting can be included. A
management accounting system inclines a systematic use of management accounting
for reaching set targets. Management control systems include both management
accounting systems and additional controls, such as personal and clan controls.
Malmi & Brown (2008) have further developed this idea by distinguishing decisionmaking and control. Control implies a set of mechanisms or processes used to
6

influence the behaviour of groups or individuals towards a pre-set target. The authors
suggest that actions and procedures with the aim of directing employee behaviour
should go under the term management controls. If a complete system of these exists,
it can be referred to as a management control system. Accounting systems that support
decision-making should belong under management accounting systems. The
conclusion drawn is that the research must be clear about what kind of control it
addresses.
Lately, the term performance management system (PMS) has been introduced,
described as a set of different control mechanisms to assure that employee behaviour
is consistent with organisational strategy. The term is quite synonymous to
management control systems, as it has emerged from its research. (Franco-Santos &
Otley 2018) Ferreira & Otley (2009: 264) view PMS as
…the evolving formal and informal mechanisms, processes, systems, and network used
by organizations for conveying the key objectives and goals elicited by management,
for assisting the strategic process and ongoing management through analysis,
planning, measurement, control, rewarding, and broadly managing performance, and
for supporting and facilitating organizational learning and change.

In their definition, they assume that targets are set by top level managers and include
consideration of the expectations of key stakeholders.
A quite contemporary debate is whether to study management control as a system or a
package. Malmi & Brown (2008) emphasise the importance of studying the
management control system as a package, for various reasons. Firstly, prior research
has focused on certain practices quite separate from other practices and the operational
context they are used in, even though they clearly are connected. The links between
various practices and contingency factors need to be recognised, in order to understand
the broader package of management control. Secondly, research has focused on
innovations in practice: their development, adoption, usage and impact. With a broader
package perspective, the effects of an innovation on the existing management control
system can be considered. Thirdly, according to the authors research has been focused
on formal systems of control, leaving a limited understanding of how other types of
control, such as administrative or cultural control, affect the package and whether they
complement or substitute each other.

7

In more recent research, David Bedford (2020), clarifies the difference between
studying management control combinations as a package or as a system. Both
perspectives assume that interdependencies exist between different elements of
control. If the management control practices work coactively and this is considered by
management level, it is perceived as a system. The package perspective studies how
different practices deal with control problems, regardless of interdependencies.
Defining the possible causal relationships between various control practices is a good
starting point for understanding how and why combinations of practices can solve
different control problems.
This thesis defines budgeting as a tool for management accounting, which is a crucial
part of performance management systems. The thesis follows the view of performance
management systems according to Ferreira & Otley (2009). The concept includes both
formal and informal controls that are used, such as mechanisms, processes, systems,
networks and communication. The concept captures all the purposes management
might want to steer towards. To tackle the research problem, a package perspective is
taken on the existing performance management system.

2.2 Framework by Ferreira & Otley
The development in recent decades has led to reconsideration of accounting and
management control. Traditional frameworks are commonly limited to the financial
perspective of performance and therefore unable to provide a comprehensive picture
of activities that construct the performance management system. In an effort to
understand organisational performance and its multiple dimensions for designing
performance management systems, Ferreira & Otley (2009) have developed a
framework to assist in describing the structure and operation of performance
management systems as an entity.
The framework is an extension of prior works of Otley (1999) and Simons (1995) and
aims at providing an understanding of key aspects of performance management, to
enable a basis for further development research. Their extended framework for
performance management systems consists of twelve questions, cited below (Ferreira
& Otley 2009, p: 266-267). Next, each question and its implication for gaining
understanding is presented.

8

1. What is the vision and mission of the organization and how is this brought to
the attention of managers and employees? What mechanisms, processes, and
networks are used to convey the organization’s overarching purposes and
objectives to its members?
The organisational objectives are crucial for performance management. Targets are
commonly set by executives, who trie to answer to multiple stakeholder’s assumptions.
According to the authors, organisational objectives might be expressed in the mission
and vision statements. The mission is the overall business purpose interacting with
various stakeholders and the vision is more of an expressed desire of future state. The
purpose of the question is to gain information of how objectives are set and
communicated.
2. What are the key factors that are believed to be central to the organization’s
overall future success and how are they brought to the attention of managers
and employees?
Key success factors refer to the critical activities or processes needed to achieve the
mission and vision. The factors can be further extended to include competence and
capabilities. Defining the key success factors is a way to translate the vision and
mission to more specific actions within different timeframes and enables measurement
of control accordingly.
3. What is the organization structure and what impact does it have on the design
and use of performance management systems (PMSs)? How does it influence
and how is it influenced by the strategic management process?
The organisational structure is an essential part of control, that strongly relates to the
identification of key success factors. In general, the structure establishes and defines
the roles and responsibilities of individuals within an organisation. Ferreira & Otley
include structures, processes and relationships into the concept. These various
structures are key for efficient performance, since they determine the motivation of
employees, how information is communicated and how the current arrangements
combine with identified key success factors. As organisations are part of broader
networks and it might affect their control arrangements, these need to be considered.

9

4. What strategies and plans has the organization adopted and what are the
processes and activities that it has decided will be required for it to ensure its
success? How are strategies and plans adapted, generated and communicated
to managers and employees?
Strategy differs from mission by being more of a concrete direction that organisations
decide to take, to achieve the overall mission. Plans are more short-term translations
of strategy into operational objectives. The framework considers various typologies of
strategy identified in prior research: defender, analyser, prospector, reactor, cost focus,
differentiation, conservative and differentiation strategies. Identifying what kind of
strategy the organisation applies, gives insight into how the company perceives itself
and how strategy could or should be translated into the performance management
system. How strategy and plans are generated and communicated is crucial for the
outcome of the PMS, since it results in how individuals perceive their contribution to
the overall outcome. The traditional approach is top-down, where managers both
decide and communicate strategy and plans, whereas a bottom-up approach enables
participation of all levels in the process.
5. What are the organization’s key performance measures deriving from its
objectives, key success factors, and strategies and plans? How are these
specified and communicated and what role do they play in performance
evaluation? Are there significant omissions?
Key performance measures are actual metrics to access the achievement of various
pre-set targets. Measures can be financial or non-financial and implemented at various
organisational levels. The question emphasises whether the measures are generated
from the objectives, key success factors or strategies and plans, since it enables
evaluation of their suitability for implementing strategy. According to Chenhall
(2003), the optimal performance measures should be a function of strategy,
competitive environment and organisational structure. With this question, attention
should be given to the amount of measures, what measures are taken and where
measures might be limited or absent. Implementation of too many measures reduces
the attention span.
6. What level of performance does the organization need to achieve for each of
its key performance measures (identified in the above question), how does it go
10

about setting appropriate performance targets for them, and how challenging
are those performance targets?
Question number six is strongly related to the previous question and has its focus on
how to decide the appropriate level of setting targets for performance. Target setting
in relation to motivation and rewarding is a continuous debate, but prior research is
consistent with target-levels affecting the overall performance.
7. What processes, if any, does the organization follow for evaluating individual,
group, and organizational performance? Are performance evaluations
primarily objective, subjective or mixed and how important are formal and
informal information and controls in these processes?
Evaluation of performance has a crucial relation to control practices, since individuals
tend to emphasise tasks that are signalled to be important by managers, both formally
and informally. Performance evaluation is an area, where subordinates’ perceptions of
the situation is more important than the formal situation. Individual evaluation is likely
to be the easiest to observe, but a more collective evaluation is equally important. Prior
research has identified, that how performance is evaluated affects the performance.
Evaluations can be subjective, objective or relative.
8. What rewards — financial and/or non-financial — will managers and other
employees gain by achieving performance targets or other assessed aspects of
performance (or, conversely, what penalties will they suffer by failing to
achieve them)?
Quite commonly, rewards are the outcome of performance evaluation. Rewards may
range from expressions and recognitions to financial rewards and promotions. Prior
research is consistent that rewards are being used for motivating individuals to align
their behaviour into organisational goals.
9. What specific information flows — feedback and feedforward —, systems and
networks has the organization in place to support the operation of its PMSs?
Question nine focuses on the essential mechanisms that enable any performance
management system and binds it together. Regarding information, the framework
separates between feedback and feedforward information. In short, feedback
information enables taking corrective action when needed and feedforward
11

information is used to learn from experience. Systems refer to how the company
organises their accounting- and other information. The infrastructure of information
systems and information technology administer as a platform for information to flow,
but may simultaneously limit the implementation of control. These infrastructures
traditionally accommodate financial information, how they apply to non-financial
information needs to be considered. Further, the scope, timeliness, aggregation and
integration of information need to be assessed. Issues, such as relevance, detail,
selectivity and orientation, need to be considered. Networks reflect how the
organisation might arrange their system into networks, that are available to various
sections of the organisation, and how there might exist informal networks between
various individuals or groups.
10. What type of use is made of information and of the various control mechanisms
in place? Can these uses be characterised in terms of various typologies in the
literature? How do controls and their uses differ at different hierarchical
levels?
How information and control are used, is a cornerstone of the performance
management system. Prior empirical evidence has suggested it to be more important
than the formal design of the system itself. The concept of use could be better defined.
The framework considers diagnostic and interactive use, drawn from the prior Simons’
levers of control framework, and a transactional and relational use, defined by
Broadbent and Laughlin. Interactive control refers to the encouragement of learning
and innovation, whereas diagnostic control monitors, evaluates and rewards key areas
of performance. Both interactive and diagnostic use are important for the learning
process, but the authors emphasise the need of strategic validity control, since it
recognises strategic failures and needs of renewal. The transactional use of
performance management systems is a broader perspective of what to achieve and
how, with a more detailed specification of targets and measures. The relational use
emphasises the perceptions of stakeholders in target setting and measuring.
11. How have the PMSs altered in the light of the change dynamics of the
organization and its environment? Have the changes in PMSs design or use
been made in a proactive or reactive manner?

12

The framework includes consideration of change and dynamics of the performance
management system, since the environment is fast-changing and the system also
should be, to sustain its relevance and usefulness. Change and dynamics refer to both
the infrastructure of the system and the control of information. The question
emphasises the causes and outcomes of change, rather than the change process itself.
This is illustrated with why a measure is introduced and what the effects of it are.
12. How strong and coherent are the links between the components of PMSs and
the ways in which they are used (as denoted by the above 11 questions)?
Understanding how the various components of a system combine and coordinate is
crucial for understanding its overall operation. If various components are ill combined,
control failures might occur.
The framework by Ferreira & Otley (2009) can be used to investigate the current state
of affairs, of the use and design of a performance management system. The authors
describe the output as a snapshot of current control practices. The questions need to be
asked at various hierarchical levels, since differences between assumptions are likely
to occur. For this particular study, the framework is used for obtaining and
systematising data for analysis.

13

2.3 Framework by Johanson, Almqvist & Skoog
Performance management systems are continuously changing and becoming more
multi-dimensional, when forced to adapt to the modern business environment.
Johanson, Almqvist & Skoog (2019) have extended prior research, including the
framework by Ferreira & Otley, to enable a categorisation and consideration of how
multiple elements, components and processes integrate within an organisation.
The framework emphasises understanding integrational challenges and tackles four of
them: integration of financial and non-financial measures; integration of measures,
targets and processes; integration of management and reporting content and processes;
and integration of different internal stakeholder perspectives. The framework gives a
rich understanding of how to translate performance into coherent measures, how to
avoid trade-offs between conflicts of interest between various dimensions, and how to
manage and assure a mutual understanding of the measures. The framework is
illustrated in figure one.

Figure 1. Framework for analysing integrated performance management systems. Johantson et al. (2019) p. 315

14

In their conceptual framework, the ideal and coherence of the performance
management system is placed at the top. Ideal refers to a set of basic, collective
assumptions that set the background for the use of other performance management
structures: the contextual support, the functional process, and the contextual
communication and learning. If the other constructions are unsupportive of the ideal,
the system remains ineffective. The relevance of the ideal, is to understand how basic
values exist at different levels, and how unconscious values might differ from
expressed views. This is a development of the Ferreira & Otley framework, since the
unconscious values may differ from the expressed vision, mission and strategies.
Johanson et al. (2019) further distinguishes between functional and contextual support,
as opposed to the prior framework by Ferreira & Otley. The functional processes
include the organisation’s vision, strategy, plans and concrete targets. Vision is more
of a written statement of guiding principles, while the ideal is a set of basic expressed
views and assumptions. The functional processes contain what the company should
achieve and if the targets are met, characterised by both financial and non-financial
elements.
The contextual support processes should support the functional processes. These
consist of information systems, organisation and responsibilities, including contracts.
The framework emphasises formal expression for contracting responsibilities. These
contracts should be based on an interactive communication process, since a one way
top-to-bottom allocation of responsibility might alter the common ideal and coherence.
The contextual communication and learning comprehends interactive communication,
benchmarking, learning from experience and self-renewal processes and rewards. The
interactive communication is unmentioned by Ferreira & Otley, but Johanson et al.
(2019) state that it reflects the continuous adjustment of the PMS and the development
occurring by learning from experience. Benchmarking is a crucial process related to
both learning and rewards, that reflects not only bonuses, but also the demands of
management.
The framework enables a categorisation of the elements in a performance management
system, gives a rich understanding of performance management systems and tackles
the challenge of integrating various dimensions within the organisational context. The
framework excludes the external environment, even though it might affect the
15

performance management system in profound ways. However, this thesis focuses on
the national organisation and its internal processes, so the framework can still be
considered as sufficient enough.

16

3 Traditional Budgeting
Budgeting has been described as a cornerstone of management control, since it is a
versatile tool widely used by organisations. Practically every aspect of management
accounting is implicated in budgeting, making it a widely researched topic. (Covaleski
et al. 2007) Lately, the traditional budget has been viewed in a critical light, leading to
a debate of whether to improve or abandon the traditional process. This chapter
considers budgeting, its multiple purposes and the lately debated budgetary criticism.

3.1 Purposes of budgeting
The budget can be described as a tool for expressing detailed strategic plans in
financial terms, for a specific time period, usually the next year. The operational
budget has multiple functions, including planning, coordinating, communicating,
motivating and evaluating. (Hansen et al. 2003) Sivabalan et al. (2009) roughly divided
the budget’s key functions into planning, control and evaluation. Next, these main
functions are further elaborated on.

3.1.1

Planning

The planning function is a future-oriented process, that includes communication,
coordination, plan formulation, capacity management and price determination
(Sivabalan et al. 2009). The starting point of budgetary planning should be in the
strategy of the organisation and what they want to achieve on a long-term basis. The
budget is a refinement of that strategy, converted into operational targets for the
following year. (Drury 2015) Planning requires management to consider alternative
scenarios when making decisions and the budgetary process is key for risk reduction
(Stringer et al. 2011).
The planning process provides information for coordinating activities and
communicates future performance expectations. Different sections might have
different objectives and the budget coordinates these differences for the good of the
organisation as an entity, rather than gaining an individual section. (Drury 2015)
17

Stringer et al. (2011) illustrate the elements of budgeting for a manufacturer: the
organisational objectives set the frames for sales planning, that is further linked to
production and capacity planning, inventory policies, purchasing planning, labour
costs and so on. The budget communicates and coordinates resource allocation
horizontally. The vertical communication and coordination is equally important, where
budget-participation is an extensively researched topic. Participating managers in the
target setting process, is likely to increase their commitment to targets, while targets
set by top executives may feel unrealistic or unachievable. (Merchant & Van der Stede
2007)

3.1.2

Control

The budget is a widely used tool for control in organisations. The control function
refers to defining accountabilities and monitoring performance. (Stringer et al. 2011)
The budget defines accountability, by communicating the targets that must be met and
the managers held responsible for achieving them. (Ax et al. 2001; Drury 2015) In
order to be accountable, the person must have the ability to affect aspects in the
process. Quite commonly, the organisational structure communicates responsibility
centres that define the activities a unit is responsible for. (Stringer et al. 2011)
The budget is a tool for monitoring performance, enabling control of behaviour. By
comparing actual outcome with budgeted targets, managers can concentrate on the
reasons behind possible deviations, find inefficiencies within the business processes
and take appropriate action to repair the situation. (Drury 2015)

3.1.3

Evaluation

The evaluation function is tightly related to the control function, since performance is
evaluated in relation to set targets in an objective or subjective manner. Objective
evaluation focuses on measurable targets, such as return on investment, or more nonfinancial targets, such as accidents per year. The subjective approach allows
consideration of changed circumstances and context. (Stringer et al. 2011) Merchant

18

& Van der Stede (2007) divide the budget’s evaluation function into staff evaluation
and business unit evaluation.
Incentives are commonly included in budgeted targets for motivating improved
performance (Drury 2015). Merchant & Van der Stede (2007) emphasise the
importance of incentive systems in tying rewards to the evaluation process. Rewards,
monetary or non-monetary, remind and motivate employees to achieve the set targets
and aligns individual interests to organisational objectives.

3.2 Criticism of traditional budgeting
The business environment is in a period of change, where competitive pressure is
added through globalisation, digitalisation, big data, and management innovations.
The marketplace has become more volatile, complex, and unpredictable, and the focus
has shifted from supplier-driven to customer-driven orientation (Bunce et al. 2003).
Hope & Fraser (1997) claim, that the functionally-based budget was supportive of
organisational hierarchies during the industrial age, but fails to meet the challenges of
the information age.
A report by Neely, Bourne and Adams (2003), collects twelve most cited weaknesses
of budgeting in literature and divides them into three categories of how they affect the
organisation through competitive strategy, business process and organisational
capability (p. 23):
-

Competitive strategy:
1. Budgets are rarely strategically focused and are often contradictory.
2. Budgets concentrate on cost reduction and not on value creation.
3. Budgets constrain responsiveness and flexibility and are often a barrier to
change.
4. Budgets add little value – they tend to be bureaucratic and discourage
creative thinking.

-

Business process:
5. Budgets are time consuming and costly to put together.
6. Budgets are developed and updated too infrequently – usually annually.
7. Budgets are based on unsupported assumptions and guesswork.
19

8. Budgets encourage gaming and perverse (dysfunctional) behaviour.
-

Organisational capability:
9. Budgets strengthen vertical command and control.
10. Budgets do not reflect the emerging network structures that organisations
are adopting.
11. Budgets reinforce departmental barriers rather than encourage knowledge
sharing.
12. Budgets make people feel undervalued.

Hansen et al. (2003) claim that these points all relate to three different issues: the
reduced value of the budget, the budget’s unsupportiveness of modern management,
and organisational and people-related budgeting issues.
Drury (2015) and Bogsnes (2016) claim that the several purposes of the budget may
conflict one another. For instance, planning and motivating: an easier to reach target
is a realistic plan but fails to motivate into achieving more. The planning and
evaluation purposes also conflict: a plan is set in advance based on assumptions related
to circumstances, while the performance evaluation should be based on actual outcome
related to an adjusted budget, to reflect possible changes in the operational
circumstances.
According to Hansen et al. (2003), the budgetary criticism has led companies to decide
whether to maintain, improve or abandon the traditional budget. There are those, who
consider the annual budget to be fundamentally flawed and thus should be deserted to
the past, and then there are those that believe the budget can be improved to solve its
shortcomings. This is referred to as the Beyond-Budgeting debate. (Henttu-Aho 2016)
Next, approaches for improving or abandoning budgets are considered.

3.3 Better budgeting
Better budgeting refers to a continued use of budgets, but different approaches for
improving the process have been taken. This thesis considers the concepts of the
Balanced scorecard and rolling forecasts, since they are the most occurring approaches
in practice to replace or support the traditional budget. (Ekholm & Wallin 2000; Neely
et al. 2003)
20

3.3.1

The balanced scorecard

The balanced scorecard (BSC) is a strategic framework for performance management
systems, developed to answer to the need of integrating financial and non-financial
measures for performance evaluation. (Drury 2015) It was developed by Kaplan &
Norton in 1992, described as a tool for identifying, communicating and implementing
strategy. (Kaplan 2009) The approach has been proposed as an alternative to either
replace or support the annual budget (Henttu-Aho & Järvinen 2013; Malmi 2001)
The basic idea of the concept is to identify key performance indicators for achieving
strategy through four different perspectives: financial, customer, internal business and
learning and growth. (Drury 2015) An underlying assumption is, that to be able to
improve something, it needs to be measurable. With the BSC the financial measures
remain the core indicators of success, but they are completed with measures from other
perspectives. (Kaplan 2009)
A basic assumption of the BSC is, that all the perspectives have causal relationships,
with linkage to strategy formulation and financial outcome. (Drury 2015) Strategy
formation and definition is crucial for finding the appropriate measures. Kaplan
illustrates this with a causal chain of how training employees in quality management
tools, reduces process cycle times and defects, which further leads to improve on-time
delivery and customer satisfaction, which results in higher revenues. The starting point
of a BSC should be a strategy map, with company objectives and a visualisation of the
causal linkages, before the performance metrics are chosen. (Kaplan 2009)
The advantage of the balanced scorecard is, that it brings together four different
perspectives of performance into one report. It allows converging company strategy
into measurable targets and processing them altogether, to see if improvements in one
section occurs on the expense of another. However, the balanced scorecard has been
criticised for its lack of time dimension. The absence of a time dimension makes it
impossible to establish the successfulness of strategic implementation with financial
measures. Other criticisms are that the links between measures and strategy are
difficult to establish and the causal relationships between perspectives are hard to
explain. (Drury 2015) A common question the developers receive, is how to define the
metrics used for the balanced scorecard, as the theorised metrics are perceived as too
generic. According to Kaplan (2009) the key is to define strategy first and gain
21

knowledge of the chosen perspective. The metrics for a cost-conscious strategy differs
from a strategy focused on customer relationships.
Teemu Malmi (2001) has researched the use of the balanced scorecard in Finnish
companies, with the purpose of mapping why they were adopted and how they are
used. Interview respondents include organisations such as Alko, Fazer Confectionary
Oy, Kesko Oy and Valmet Oy. The study revealed mainly two ways of use: for a
management-by-objectives approach and as an information system. Management-byobjectives is realised through setting targets for the balanced scorecard measures and
defining individuals held accountable for reaching them. The BCS is perceived to help
in identifying what needs to be improved, by a larger perspective of information. In
practice, the respondent companies used the BSC to divide strategy into convenient
pieces, according to responsibilities on a business unit level. Most respondents used
the four recommended perspectives, but two added a fifth perspective of employees to
the scorecard. Only two out of 17 companies relied on previously used performance
measures, whereas all the others developed and adopted new ones.
Ax & Bjørnenak (2005) cover in their research the usage of the balanced scorecard in
Swedish companies. The BSC was adopted by 27% of the major Swedish companies
in 2000. Their study reveals, that the original framework by Norton & Kaplan has been
completed with other administrative innovations, such as non-budgeting and the
intellectual capital model. In the first package observed, the balanced scorecard serves
as a substitute for the traditional budget. The intellectual capital model emphasises
valuation of intellectual capital such as human, structural, customer, innovation and
process capital. In the third package, a fifth employee perspective is added. The
original framework by Norton & Kaplan is a shareholder model, where the owner’s
values are placed on top. Adding an employee perspective enables a stakeholder
model, that is perceived as more suitable for the Scandinavian stakeholder economy.
The success of the management processes in companies, such as Handelsbanken and
Scania, have gained international reputation and added to the attractiveness and
promotion of the BSC. Ax & Bjørnenak (2005) illustrate the attraction of the BSC with
the fact that budgetary criticism is a widely accepted phenomenon, that lacks accepted
solutions, and the promises of the balanced scorecard may opportunistically increase
the amount of potential users. The concept of the balanced scorecard, as well as other

22

administration innovations, are open to various translations and therefore lack a step
by step instruction for implementation.
Johanson et al. (2006) state that the traditional tools for accounting and management
control fail to address value-creating aspects, such as intangible assets, which increases
the interest for alternative approaches in companies facing management control
change. In their paper, they debate over critical issues in implementing the BSC to
clarify whether the approach helps to overcome the shortcomings of traditional
accounting practices, such as the budget. An implementation dilemma discussed, is the
concept of implementation itself. According to the paper, implementation refers to
incorporating a specific idea, with clear intentions of what to do. A challenge with the
implementation of the BSC, is to derive the appropriate measures that capture the
complexity of drivers, such as relationships and values. Too many measures reduce
the flexibility of the concept, as it reinforces the traditional command and control
culture, instead of encouraging innovation and empowerment.
The conclusions made, is that a balance in management control practices is difficult to
keep. The pros with the BSC are the possibilities to promote connectivity, regularity
and stability in management control processes. Connectivity is described as the
clarification of cause-and-effect relationship and regularity refers to the consistency of
measuring and reporting of results. Promoting stability refers to balancing the change
in management control, with past experience and learning processes. Value creation,
productivity or profitability are not promised with the BSC, but it redirects resource
allocation towards the internal and external activities that are important for the control
agenda. The BSC increases the understanding of all related processes within various
time-frames, in both financial- and non-financial terms. (Johanson et al. 2006)

3.3.2

Rolling budgets and forecasts

The traditional budget is usually an annual procedure, where the budget is prepared
for one year and revised during the period. Continuous budgeting, or rolling budgeting,
is an approach where the budget is broken down by months or quarters and the next
time interval is developed on as the year proceeds. For example, during the first quarter
the budget for the second and third quarters are prepared. (Drury 2015) The terms
23

rolling budgets, rolling forecasts and continuous budgets are often used
interchangeably.
As planning is a key managerial task, rolling budgets are effective in providing more
accurate targets and forecasts. Information might quickly become outdated, especially
in uncertain environments, and the approach enables a more dynamic way of
incorporating information from different sections in a timely manner. (Jordan &
Messner 2020)
An advantage with rolling budgeting is that a twelve month budget is always available,
by adding quarters as ended quarters are dropped from the system. It makes planning
a continuous process, instead of an annual procedure. Performance evaluation is based
on more realistic targets as new information is regularly considered in the updating
process. However, the approach might be perceived as uncertain for managers, as it is
constantly changing and requiring resources to constantly administer. (Drury 2015)

3.4 Beyond Budgeting
The concept of beyond budgeting (BB) implies management control without budgets.
(Neely et al. 2003). The Beyond Budgeting institute is a non-profit organisation,
hosting an international network of beyond budgeting promoters. They have
systematically researched the shortcomings of traditional budgeting, concluding that
it is fundamentally flawed and thus should be abandoned for a new management
model.
The Beyond Budgeting institute describes the budget’s fixed targets as an annual
performance trap, that reinforces a command-and-control-culture. The main element
of BB is leaving the institutionalised budgeting mindset behind, which refers to
abandoning fixed targets for planning and evaluating reasons. A radical
decentralisation of decision-making is key, otherwise the budgeting mindset keeps
undermining the efficiency of any other tools. The beyond budgeting promoters have
developed twelve principles to guide in adopting the concept, seen in figure two. (Hope
& Fraser 2003; Bogsnes 2016; BBRT.org 2021)

24

Figure 2. Twelve Beyond Budgeting principles. www.bbrt.org (2021)

The principles guide in how to adopt the right mindset but lacks descriptions of
applicable techniques, as all companies have different needs and qualifications for
management.
Østergren & Stensaker (2009) have researched how these principles are implemented
and how companies move towards Beyond Budgeting. In their research, they
investigated how the three key activities of planning, target setting, and resource
allocation are altered with the absence of budgets. According to their study, the beyond
budgeting approach has similar activities as budgeting, but the processes are
differentiated in time. They suggest the concept to be a whole system of control, as
described by Malmi & Brown (2008).
Beyond Budgeting requires change in perceptions of control and performance
measurement. Theirs study revealed, that companies formed new rules of action in the
absence of budgets and addresses how it affected the interaction patterns. Firstly, goals
should be linked to strategy. Separating target setting from planning and resource
allocation, enables setting ambitious targets irrespective of available resources. The
idea is to emphasise value creation and strategic objectives rather than controlling
costs. Secondly, a greater focus should be on the big picture. Key issues with budgeting
are the time it consumes, and the level of detail involved. A focus on the big picture
indicates importance of big numbers instead of detail, and a holistic perspective on the
organisation rather than focus on the own business unit. This enables investment25

decisions to be made across sub-units in a flexible manner throughout the year.
Thirdly, focus on possibilities and flexibility should be increased. This refers to the
traditional annual resource allocation process (the budget) being replaced by a more
dynamic process, where projects receive needed resources regardless of budgetary
constraints. (Østergren & Stensaker 2009)
Østergren & Stensaker (2009) identified four new patterns of interaction emerging,
when budgets are removed. Removing the budget most likely leads to a more
horizontal integration, since the dynamic resource allocation requires more interaction
between sub-level managers. This reduces the vertical interaction between division
managers and sub-managers, since the horizontal interaction is key and the submanagers interact more with the controller regarding formerly budgeted issues.
Controllers get a more strategic role, where the focus shifts from accounts towards
controlling implementation of strategy. This requires more capabilities and forecasting
skills to enable ad hoc analysis for division- and sub-managers. Introducing Beyond
Budgeting is further likely to affect the power balance. Top management gets
increased power in target setting, since these should be based on internal and external
assumptions. Lower levels of management get increased power in deciding how to
achieve the set targets.
Finally, the researchers point out three challenges with removing budgets. Firstly,
targets should be set to be ambitious, but this might lead to unrealistic targets and
pushing division managers too much. Secondly, the new interaction and resource
allocation process might lead to new kinds of gaming behaviour. This is illustrated
with a situation where the criteria for resource allocation is open for interpretation.
Thirdly, the organisational context needs to be considered, when assessing
performance management systems. Different ideologies may conflict when
interpreting control mechanisms and how they should be implemented in the
organisation.

26

4 Prior research
This chapter presents prior research of budgetary use, the relevance of its criticism and
how budgetary change has occurred in practice.
The relevance of the budgetary criticism has been researched by Ekholm & Wallin
(2000), by investigating budgetary use in large Finnish companies. The study revealed
that the budget is still alive and well, used by 85,7% of respondent companies.
However, the respondents agree with the criticism and as many as 60,7% indicated
that they are already trying to improve the budget, or at least intending to. The budget
is still needed, in especially manufacturing companies, to assure internal efficiency,
but it fails to achieve external efficiency for its inability to signal changes in the
environment. This implies that the budget’s role as a tool for management control is
changing, since external efficiency must be achieved by other means. The study
observed, that a hybrid system that uses both budgets and other instruments, such as
rolling forecasts or the balanced scorecard, was the most common practice. The
intention of abandoning budgets was as low as 14,3% of all responding companies.
The budget was perceived as allowing a systematic reaction to environmental
turbulence, since it enables a fixed base for alternative action to be developed on. The
budget communicates information and is used for comparisons, but other more shortterm plans are more important as steering mechanisms.
Libbey & Lindsey (2010) have in a similar way investigated budgetary practice in
North-America and Canada. The results indicated that the budgetary criticism is in a
way over-generalised. Companies spend less time on budgeting than stated and the
majority of organisations perceive the budget as relevant. As many as 80% of Canadian
and 77% of the American respondents, continue to use budgets for control reasons. Of
all the budgeting companies, 46% planned on improving their process within two
years. The main criticism driving change, was the time budgeting consumes, its
inflexibility, the possibility of related dysfunctional behaviour, the lack of meaning
with budgetary reporting for front-line employees, and the budget’s unsupportiveness
of strategy. The research further revealed that problems with budgeting, are related to
how they are used and which roles they are asked to play. The budgetary process is
more likely to be highly criticised, when it is used to assign responsibility, to reward
and motivate, or to define commitment between employees and management. In
27

organisations with higher budgetary involvement, the budgetary process is less likely
criticised.
Robert Rickards (2008) summarises multiple studies of how budgeting is perceived in
practice by managers: budgets are time-consuming, while also irreplaceable. He
elaborates on budgetary issues observed in practice and how companies have delt with
these. The top issues observed, were the amount of detail required in planning and the
missing linkage between operational and strategic planning.
Figure 3 illustrates the most important development proposals identified in the survey
research to answer to budgetary issues. The percentage illustrates the portion of
respondents supporting the proposals.

Figure 3. Development proposals in planning and budgeting. Rickards (2008) p. 572

Regarding too detailed planning, Rickards (2008) discovered that over 50% of the
respondents budget at least 50 cost centres and 25% budgets more than 100 cost
centres. It is suggested that a large amount of detail is more connected to executive’s
efforts for increased control and security, rather than managerial value. The proposed
solution is calculating the planning costs relative to the managerial benefits gained.
This is illustrated with 20% of cost accounts commonly reflecting 80% of company
expenses, which should be an adequate amount for control reasons in companies that
use supporting practices.
The second issue driving budgetary change, is the integration of strategic and
operational planning. Most of the respondents perceive these as separate processes,
which has two major consequences: the strategy is analysed too infrequently and the
organisations fail to derive operational actions from strategic goals. The balanced
28

scorecard is proposed by respondents as a means to integrate operational and strategic
planning.
A majority of respondents (57%) assess the budget as fairly realistic, but only 6% of
the examined budgets proved to be moderately accurate. Rolling budgets are
mentioned as a solution, as they enable addressing the fast changing business
environment. According to the study, introducing rolling forecast and budgets results
in more accurate planning outcomes and a lowering of related costs compared to an
annual process. Focusing on shorter time intervals enables more concrete plans and
measures for strategic implementation. Over 90% of respondent companies mention
efficient IT-support as a key success factor for implementing rolling budgets.
Sivabalan et al. (2009) present in their study ten operational reasons to budget, that are
roughly divided into planning, controlling and evaluating. Their survey research, of
over 330 accountants in medium to large companies, suggested that planning and
control reasons for budgeting are regarded as more important than the evaluation
reason. The authors state this as an important finding, since the budgetary criticism is
largely related to the budget’s evaluation function. According to Sivabalan et al.
(2009), companies are increasingly using rolling forecasts for management control.
Prior research has suggested the practice as a substitute for the annual budget, but their
study revealed that a parallel use of the traditional budget and rolling forecasts is
common. This is supported by a study of Ekholm & Wallin (2011). Their research
revealed, that rolling forecasts are perceived as more useful in uncertain environments.
However, all findings indicate towards a parallel use of fixed and rolling budgets,
indicating that fixed and flexible budgets support each other. Strategically focused
organisations are committed to fixed budgeted targets, while also flexible for grasping
forthcoming opportunities.
Prior research is consistent with the budget still having a strong position within
management control. Henttu-Aho & Järvinen (2013) have researched five Finnish
industrial companies, that either abandoned their annual budget or radically simplified
it. Their study revealed that the key functions of planning, controlling and evaluating
remains, even if budget change occurs. All five companies abandoned the budget in
its most traditional form, and the budgetary process was fragmented into a collection

29

of various tools, such as rolling forecasts, fixed-cost budgeting, annual plans,
benchmarking, balanced scorecards and value-based management.
Drawing on the management control system as a package framework by Malmi &
Brown (2008), they managed to picture a suggestion of how parts of a system
substitute or complement the key functions of budgeting in practice. The observed
practical implications of either abandoning or improving the budget are seen in figure
four.

Figure 4. Functions of alternative approaches. Henttu-Aho & Järvinen (2013) p. 776

Companies A, B and D found it important to separate target setting and evaluation
from planning. Planning is related to more realistic assumptions, whereas targets set
for evaluation should be challenging. The companies introduced rolling forecasts for
acquiring more realistic plans, while the process of target setting became more linked
to the strategy. Henttu-Aho & Järvinen (2013) implie this to be a Beyond budgeting
approach. The companies were able to strengthen the target’s link to the strategy, by
separating evaluation from planning. Target setting was mainly used for control
purposes, by analysing variances and linking incentives to set targets. Company D
used a value-based-management philosophy in cascading the targets throughout the
organisation. All the companies continued to budget fixed costs, since it had relevance
as a form of cost control within the companies.
30

In companies C and E, the key functions planning and target setting remained
relatively coupled. The traditional budget was replaced with an annual plan and rolling
forecasts. The authors suggest this to be an approach of simplified budgeting.
Company C aspired to shift from a build-up budgeting process, towards a more
strategically linked target setting process. The budget was replaced with an annual
plan, closely linked to the balanced scorecard. Annual targets were derived from the
strategy and cascaded down the organisation. The focus was on implementing strategy
and monitor commitment to strategic goals. Rolling forecasts were introduced for more
realistic planning processes.
In conclusion, the study revealed that what distinguishes the approaches of Beyond
budgeting and simplified budgeting, is the decoupling of key functions. A stronger
pursuit for realism in planning, led companies to distinguish between planning and
target setting (beyond budgeting), while target setting and planning remained
relatively coupled in simplified budgeting. The study supports prior research by
Østergren and Stensaker (2011), Ekholm & Wallin (2011) and Sivabalan et al. (2009),
by demonstrating how companies move gradually towards Beyond Budgeting and that
budgetary change is related to the functions it serves in specific companies. Further,
the study illustrates how various practices may constitute a performance management
system.
In her recent dissertation, Henttu-Aho (2016) claims that from a perspective of
performance management systems, there seems to be a mix of different control
mechanisms comparable to the budgeting process, but they are clearly split into
separate processes. She describes this as a new concept, the fragmentation of
budgeting, which is an arrangement of different controls replacing the multiple
purposes of budgeting. The concept refers to situations, where the budget is either
replaced or complemented with other control mechanisms, answering to the growing
demand of managerial information. The fragmentation smudges the boundaries of the
budgetary process but provides an understanding of how to integrate flexibility into
the system.

31

5 Methodology
In this chapter, the research perspective and chosen method for the study are presented.
The chapter starts with the reasoning behind chosen perspective and continues with
describing the actual research process.
The purpose of the thesis, is to examine the budget’s viability in managing
performance and its opportunities for development. A qualitative research strategy
enables an interpretive perspective of a social environment, where context and
processes can be emphasised. The research is grounded on an action research
approach, which is suitable for identifying a problem and its alternatives for solution
or change. Action research is an iterative approach, that allows gaining an
understanding of underlying patterns and deriving theory from obtained data or testing
theory during the course of research. The aim of action research is to improve practice.
The results of an effective research should be applicable and useful in practice.
(Bryman & Bell 2019)
The case study became an appropriate method for developing an understanding of the
investigated phenomenon holistically. A general research question, of whether to
improve or abandon the budget, was developed, when the case company expressed a
will to explore alternatives for the annual budget. The thesis provides empirical
findings of budgetary issues and the possibilities for improvement in an organisation.
The research will not result in a new applicable solution to the problem, as expected
of action research but will rather provide a basis for future direction for the case
company.

5.1 Case study
The case study enables answering to questions of “how” and “why” in an explanatory,
descriptive, or exploratory manner. A general description of the method is, that it tries
to illustrate a decision: why it was taken, how it was implemented and its
consequences. Robert Yin (2014) has developed a twofold definition of the case study
method, that efficiently describes the research settings for this study. Firstly, it
investigates a contemporary phenomenon in dept within its context, especially where
32

the boundaries between context and phenomenon might be blurred. Secondly, it
technically enables research, where multiple variables from various sources of
evidence are of interest and needs to be converged.
Case studies can be conducted as single-, multiple-, or comparative case studies with
data from various sources. Yin (2014) mentions five general rationales for justifying
the single case study as an appropriate method. The case is a critical, unusual, common,
revelatory, or longitudinal case. A critical case is convenient, when the circumstances
are clearly defined and the case can be used for validating theoretical propositions. The
unusual case, reflects an unusual setting that deviates from theoretical norm. On the
contrary, a common case might provide insight into everyday situations and processes.
The revelatory case enables research of phenomenon previously inaccessible to
research. The longitudinal case captures the case at two or more different points in
time.
For this research, the single case study is a justified method for providing in-depth
descriptions and analysis of the phenomenon under scrutiny. The case study approach
enables addressing “why” the organisations budgets and “how” they could manage
their performance measurement system in a “common” case. The method allows
emphasising the importance of context, in a situation where the boundaries between
studied phenomenon and context are blurred.
A common concern regarding case studies as a research method is, if it is rigorous
enough? Other research methods have numerous methodological texts, with specific
procedures to be followed, whereas case studies are covered by a few texts. The
researcher needs to be systematic in the procedure to be uncompromising. A second
concern is, can the findings be generalised? Case studies are generalisable to
theoretical propositions, with the aim of expanding and generalise theories, as opposed
to hypothesise statistical probabilities of a sample. (Yin 2014)

5.1.1

The case company

Eckes-Granini is one of the leading European producers of branded fruit beverages,
with national organisations covering twelve European countries. Eckes-Granini
Finland Oy Ab has been a part of the international group since 2001, with production
33

in Turku for over 150 years. The company is a middle-sized manufacturing company,
with known brands, such as Marli, Mehukatti and Granini.
The case company participated in a study by Fredrika Salo in 2018, about the relevance
of annual budgeting, where the annual budget was perceived relevant. However, due
to the ever changing business environment E-G Finland would want to exploit the
possibilities of using an alternative to the annual budget. This thesis answers to their
call for further research, by considering different controls in management accounting.

5.2 Interviews
Interviews are quite common and important sources of information within case studies.
Well-informed interviewees provide valuable insight into actions and processes within
the organisation. Yin (2014) stresses the importance of open and unbiased questions.
Bryman & Bell (2019) present two main forms of interviews: structured or semistructured. Semi-structured interviews are guided by certain themes to address, but the
interviewer may deviate from the guide with additional questions or by changing the
order of questions.
The advantage with interviews is the possibility of targeted questions focused on study
topics. It provides insight through both explanation and personal views. However, it is
open to bias, due to both poorly articulated questions and responses. There is a risk of
reflexivity, where the interviewee gives the interviewer what she wants to hear. (Yin
2014)
The data collection for this research was done through interviews in two rounds. The
first round was conducted with three top-level managers in the case company. All three
respondents have multiple years of experience within the organisation. They were
chosen for their capability of depicting the organisational life in a holistic manner,
from various perspectives. The data obtained was analysed in order to identify
underlying patterns, to further specify the research perspective.
The interview questions were derived from the framework by Ferreira & Otley (2009)
and the questions regarding the budgeting process, were extracted from the case study
by Fredrika Salo (2018). The questions were structured as follows:
34

-

Background questions

-

Questions based on the framework by Ferreira & Otley (2009)
o Strategy, key success factors and organisational structure
o Performance measurement, evaluation and rewards
o Information flows and the business environment

-

The budgetary process

-

Concluding questions

The interview guide can be found in appendix 1. The respondents received the
questions in advance, to have time to get acquainted with the subject and the questions.
Due to the ongoing pandemic, the interviews were conducted remotely through
Microsoft Teams. One interview was conducted in Swedish and the other two in
Finnish. All interviews were voice-recorded.
The interviewees from the first round, recommended respondents from other
organisational levels and functions to participate in a second round of interviews. The
aim of the second round was to gain an understanding of possible differing
assumptions on the current state of affairs within different organisational levels.
The second round of interviews followed the structure of the first interviews, but the
questions were less numerous. The questions are found in appendix 2. Four
respondents were included in the second part of obtaining data. All interviews were
conducted in Finnish. A compilation of all conducted interviews is found in appendix
4.

5.2 Analysis of data
The data obtained from the first round of interviews, was used to further specify the
research questions and redirect the theoretical framework towards a more practically
useful perspective. For the presentation of empirical findings, all the data collected
was systematised and presented according to the framework by Ferreira & Otley
(2009).
The data was analysed in three parts, structured as the research question. First, the
framework by Johanson et al. (2019) was used to analyse the current performance
management system. Second, the budget’s role in the performance management
35

system was analysed in relation to the theoretical framework of the budget’s key
functions and criticism. The budget’s key functions were identified with the prior work
of Sivabalan et al. (2009) and Henttu-Aho & Järvinen (2013). Possible budgetary
discontent was analysed in relation to the twelve most commonly discussed budgetary
issues by Neely et al. (2003). For the third part of the analysis, the main issues and
topics observed in the first parts were put in relation to the advantages and
disadvantages of each alternative approach.

5.3 Research reliability and validity
To assess the quality of a research, the reliability and validity of it must be determined.
Reliability refers to the accuracy and consistency of information gathered, while
validity considers the relevance of the information for the study and the conclusions
made. (Bryman & Bell 2013)
Reliability and validity will be achieved by interviewing top-level managers, with the
capability of providing holistic descriptions of the business environment, the
budgeting process and the performance management system. The data will then be
extended, by interviewing additional respondents from various organisational levels
and functions, to capture possible differing assumptions and perspectives. If the
answers are consistent between interviewees, reliability can be confirmed. The
interview questions are based on prior research, making them feasible for use. Validity
can be assessed by comparing how empirical findings correspond to prior research.

36

6 Empirical findings
This chapter starts with a presentation of the interviewees and continues with their
responses. The obtained data is structured according to the interview guide. Due to a
confidentiality agreement, a certain level of abstraction will remain, where e.g. specific
strategic targets or measures are unmentioned. The recordings and transcriptions of the
interviews remain with the researcher. All quotations are translations by the researcher,
from Finnish or Swedish to English. The respondents were given the opportunity to
revise used quotations.

6.2 The interviewees
The chief financial officer (CFO) has been employed at Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab
since 2010, with a few years of experience abroad. The current position is held from
2020. The financial organisation consists of accounting, controlling, demand planning,
ledgers and IT. The CFO initiated the research, by uttering the company’s interest in
exploring alternatives and was therefore a natural choice to participate. The financial
organisation plays an important part in integrating information from various functions
and levels.
The manager of human resources (HRM) has been working at Eckes-Granini since
2014 and a few years in the current post. The manager is a member of the board of
directors and has a good understanding of organisational structures and the related
rewards and recognitions processes. The HRM was chosen to participate to gain an
understanding of the social perspective of the organisational structure and performance
evaluation.
The supply chain director (SCD) was chosen to participate for the ability to describe
the complexity of integrated networks involved in the process of manufacturing, from
raw materials to product delivery. The SCD has multiple years of experience both at
local company level and at group level. The SCD has been engaged with the current
position since the end of 2019. The supply chain organisation consists of five areas,
with three designated managers: the quality organisation, production and production
planning, purchases and logistics. Normally, the technical department is included in
37

the organisation, but due to an ongoing project the technical department is excluded
from the responsibility area and there is a separate technical director in the
organisation.
The production manager (PM) is responsible for production planning, production and
its related operational processes, that range from receiving raw-materials to packaging
and storage. The production is included in the supply chain organisation, consisting of
a team of supervisors and shift managers that direct the production and its employees.
The PM has 20 years of experience at the company and almost ten years in the current
role.
The service engineer (SE) has over ten years of experience working in the technical
department, which is included in the supply chain organisation. The main
responsibilities are maintenance and calibration of equipment and systems, organising
the related training, formalising procedures and instructions, and currently also
supervision of the employees installing automation.
The senior key account manager & head of sales team (here on after sales team), has
been employed in the current position since 2018. The sales team consists of three
persons, that are responsible of their own key accounts and channels.
The controller has been employed at the organisation for almost 30 years and has seen
its ownership change, first in a bookkeeping role and the last almost 20 years within
the controlling function.

6.3 Strategy, key success factors and organisational structure
The vision for Eckes-Granini was expressed in various ways by the respondents. The
HRM defined it as “for a healthy and enjoyable life, with respect and responsibility for people and
planet”,

while the CFO and SCD expressed it through descriptions and common

principles of the company, such as leading fruit beverage company, sustainability,
performance-oriented organisation, strong brand oriented supplier, responsibility and
closeness to consumers and customers. The websites of Eckes-Granini declare the
vision as

38

We are the leading European fruit beverage company, creating sustainable company
and category value with strong and unique brands. We inspire consumers and
customers with the best of fruit for all relevant needs and occasions. Our highly
motivated, performance-oriented organization is characterized by a dynamic
entrepreneurial culture

- Eckes-Granini.com, 2021
However the vision was expressed, all respondents described the same mission and
strategic agenda. The main focus is on producing quality products in an
environmentally friendly and cost effective way. The overall strategic plan is generated
by group level management and currently consists of seven main areas to emphasise.
The CFO describes how the process has developed towards a more iterative approach,
by participating local management to influence strategy generation, with more on site
knowledge. The controller supports this, by describing how they the past three years
have organised yearly events, where propositions for the strategic agenda are
discussed, creating a feeling of participation.
Normally, a strategic plan is prepared in five-year-cycles. Due to changes at the group
executive level, the current strategy is a prolongment of the prior and a new strategy
will be available at autumn of 2021. Every year a strategic dialogue is conducted,
where the mid-term strategy (3-5 years) is discussed. The strategy is concretised
through a management-by-objectives process, where targets are set for each area and
function. The targets are cascaded throughout the entire organisation, through directors
and managers who are held accountable for their area. The objectives are
communicated actively to the whole organisation, through presentations whenever
strategy is renewed at global or local level. Every two to three months, an activity
review is held for all employee groups, where the set targets, focus and current status
are discussed. Each sub-organisation has their own monthly or weekly meetings. More
recently, static guides have been published on the intranet and as rolling presentations
on screens in the production department. Empowerment has been a driving guideline
in developing the process of communicating strategic and budgetary targets. More
actors are involved in the process and efforts are made to increase the level of
understanding of key figures throughout the entire organisation. The SE and PM
consider employees having the opportunity to affect target setting and they recognise
much improvement happening over the years.
39

The HRM indicates that the strategic typology is relatively unsettled:
We have always adapted our local strategy in relation to the market situation and
financial targets. In relation to the circumstances, our strategy has been adaptive, but
sometimes practicality has overcome vision. Focus has been on defending the market
with reliance on the existing business and financial targets, while the strategy itself is
expressed as being more predictive of business changes and including targets not easily
measured financially.

- Human Resources Manager
The CFO describes that the strategic process has been quite conservative, as it was
relatively formally directed and consisted of quite a lot of templates, that needed to be
filled. This has changed during the process in 2021. The direction is now going towards
more freedom to the express the local strategies, without using too much predefined
templates. The SE on the other hand, perceives the strategy as driving innovation,
where efforts towards being forerunners are emphasised. The sales team and PM
supports this perception, by mentioning efforts to find market growth, develop
interesting new products and being overall innovative. The sales team described how
the consumer behaviour is changing:
The customers’ interest is shifting from the ambient product side towards the chilled
products. This has required innovativeness in product design, production efficiency and
efforts to defend the ambient product market share.

– The sales team
The organisational structure is described as a traditional production company, where
operations are divided by function and the responsibilities accordingly, through a
formal hierarchy of directors, managers, officers and employees. The HRM states that
the organisational structure has a great impact on how business is conducted.
Targets are set top to bottom by the head-quarter. The (local) general manager,
directors and managers assist the process, by suggesting and communicating what the
realistic targets could be. The local organisation is relatively small, allowing flexibility
in decision-making.

– The human resources manager
The CFO illustrates this with an increased cross-functional communication and the
previously mentioned empowerment. The CFO, HRM and SCD all describe the effort
40

to involve more actors from various levels in setting the right targets and increasing
the understanding of the driving forces. This is supported by the respondents from
other organisational levels: new procedures have been implemented in the last years
in order to increase information sharing and the understanding of key business drivers.
The production manager acknowledges an issue related to this:
There are many time-consuming meetings that decreases the time available for other
ongoing business duties during the budgeting period. For the most part, the same actors
are involved in these meetings... There is some structure and regularity to these
arrangements, but they could be scaled down.

- The production manager
The controller states that a large portion of actors within the organisation are some
kinds of senior officers, that are included in the target setting and information sharing
process. The informal relationships are crucial for information sharing. Activity
reviews are held on a regular basis and each manager is responsible for sharing relevant
information. Overall, formal information is shared for employees on the intranet.

6.4 Performance measurement, evaluation and rewards
The performance measures are set trough the management-by-objectives process and
it is the managers’ responsibilities to implement the right actions. The respondents
highlighted different key measures, since the organisational structure clearly defines
the areas of responsibility.
The management-by-objectives process communicates key performance indicators and
the targets are set at a realistic, but challenging level... Basically the budget is what
matters.

– The Chief Finance Officer
Evaluation and incentives are strongly linked to the process. The bonus system consists
of three components: an individual subjective part, a more objective part of group level
results, and a third part of strategic contribution by E-G Finland. The production
employees have the possibility of a monthly production premium. Overall, the process
of setting targets and linking incentives is quite formal and concrete, which seems to

41

be appreciated by many. All respondents agree, that incentives are financial, and not
reaching targets leads to decreased bonuses.
The SCD emphasised measures for assuring a certain level of smoothness in daily
operations across the supply chain. This includes dealing with feedback and improving
accordingly, ensuring implementation of projects and high performance, improving
efficiency and responsibility. Achievements are mapped on a monthly basis. The
target-setting process seems quite straightforward. For example, the efforts to improve
efficiency are based on employee surveys and the target was set to decrease one
constant disturbance each month. Other measures, especially the responsibility related,
are derived from norms and regulations and benchmarked through databases with
information about, for instance, energy consumption in other European manufacturing
companies.
All the relevant aspects are measured, but there are some “older remains” that have
lost some of their relevance on the local level and fails to illustrate the whole matter.
The modern technology and reporting systems has made it difficult to filter away the
smaller aspects from the group’s point of view, so the measures keep reappearing
yearly.

– The Supply Chain Director
Overall, The SCD describes the same formal process as the CFO. The SE emphasises
measures for technology and production.
…the department has clear formal lists of everything that needs to be monitored, such
as the efficiency of the production line, the maintenance costs and maintenance
efficiency… Targets are set to a slightly higher level than what is realistic in order to
assure efficiency… the measures are appropriate and sufficient enough.

– The Service Engineer
The SE describes the same three folded rewards-system of individual objectives,
company objectives and the group level strategic contribution and further clarifies the
production premium for employees:
…it is connected to the productivity measure set at a certain amount of produced
packages per working hour… Basically each employee has the ability to affect it by
being more effective, flexible and brisk… Currently it is a collective system, but
explorations are made about development towards a system that recognises the
individual input on a monthly level.

42

– The Service Engineer
The PM characterises the performance measures and targets in a similar way.
The measures are strictly numeric and derived from the management-by-objectives
process… Group level sets the overall targets and the local directors and managers
‘chew’ them into concrete, measurable targets suitable for the Finnish organisation…
Each director and manager is responsible for cascading targets to all organisational
levels… the closer the measure is to the actual production process, the easier it is to
comprehend by involved actors… Clear, concrete and detailed targets that are
monitored and openly communicated… are key for ensuring efficiency

– The Production Manager
The HRM is more engaged in how the employees are feeling and connecting the right
persons, with the right knowledge for the right tasks. The important measures are those
that evaluate the employee experience in various ways. Everything is measured in
financial terms, but sometimes the actual advantages are results of more long-term
efforts. The HRM emphasises the formality of the target setting process, since it
translates the talk into action. However, setting the right targets is challenging, since
the group level targets and the local priorities might differ and describes this with
The objective of being innovative might be accelerated with new external employees,
but simultaneously internal promotions should be emphasised. The group level
objectives are translated to fit the local context.

– The Human Resources Manager
The HRM states that there is always room for improvement, but there is also the risk
of overmeasurement in a small organisation.
The sales team describes numeric, straightforward and concrete measures for the sales
operations and acknowledges that measures for marketing, such as quality and
consumer satisfaction, are trickier to set. The sales team perceives that the right things
are measured, but would like to see more customer satisfaction measures in the overall
group strategic agenda. Currently, the local department measures the customer
satisfaction once a year and the team recognises some room for improvement in this
aspect. In the larger organisational picture, the respondent states that for ensuring
performance the whole staff should be committed to the targets, collaborating over
functional boarders and be more consumer-oriented.
43

The controller states that the individual yearly targets are set in a development
discussion with a superior. For the controlling function, the process is quite
straightforward and guided by the group: they direct the activities and targets are set
accordingly. It is a relatively formal process, with clear descriptions for next year’s
actions.

6.5 Information flows and the business environment
The process of generating relevant information can be roughly divided into four
categories, with the time-frame and amount of detail being the main nominators. There
is the strategic dialogue, the management-by-objectives process, the budgetary process
and the sales and operations planning (S&OP) process.
It is a bit like a patchwork quilt of different systems… The intranet is used on a more
general level… A certain format that all countries within Eckes-Granini follows (within
the ERP-system).

– The Chief Financial Officer
As previously stated, the strategy is set in five-year cycles and yearly revised, through
the strategic dialogue. The management-by-objectives process translates the strategy
to more concrete targets for the local context and is monitored with yearly private
development discussions. The objectives are communicated through various channels,
but mainly through the intranet, where traffic lights illustrate the ongoing progress.
The budget is a more detailed, financial plan for the upcoming year, that is revised
three times during the period. The S&OP process is a monthly meeting-cycle for
making both tactical and operative plans. It is described as a rolling process, that
considers information related to the set targets, both actual outcome and assumptions
of future aspects. Some of the measures discussed are common to all national
companies and results are benchmarked. All respondents clearly state the importance
of the management-by-objectives process for strategy implementation, while the
S&OP process gives the best overview of the current and the next year’s business
cycle. The S&OP process was initiated in 2018 and has been continuously developed.
…The S&OP meets once a month…all departments throughout the company go through
the challenges and opportunities. Information can be shared and it flows between

44

departments… It has been a good development for learning and understanding. My
knowledge regarding sales and marketing have significantly improved.

– The Service Engineer

The SCD and SE highlights how it has improved cross-functional information sharing
and understanding. The process is completed with meetings within the functional
organisations:
…Every other month we have meetings, where we go through ongoing projects and
sharing information about where we are and where to go… We have tried to increase
transparency by providing a forum where you can make a difference… For example, it
used to be that there might have been a technical matter and the technical department
took care of it, but without the involvement of someone from production who could
estimate if it was needed for operational efficiency… It gives an opportunity to highlight
what has been and what needs to be considered… It involves the whole team and
network.

– The Supply Chain Director

The availability of information clearly differs between organisational levels. The
intranet is open for all members of the organisation and gatherings were regularly
organised before the pandemic, to communicate targets and how to achieve them. The
SCD states, that some are more active in absorbing the information, while others might
need some assistance in grasping the important aspects. Employees with more
responsibility have access to more detailed information, while managers and directors
have a separate information sharing system. An enterprise resource planning system
supports the gathering and processing of information, which is supported by emailing
and the use of the teams-platform. According to the HRM, persons responsible are
assumed to understand the meaning of the gathered information. The sales team
emphasise the importance of face to face communication, in giving and receiving
feedback. Sure there is the SAP that gathers all the data, but the more detailed, financial
information needed is still usually communicated trough the controlling function. The
intranet is described as sharing information on a more general level. The PM also
emphasises face to face meetings and describes a norm of regular meetings between
45

managers, functions, supervisors and daily morning meetings with the production
employees. The controller describes
We (the controlling function) receive a lot of information from both top and bottom and
sometimes before others have access to the same information… We interpret and
analyse the information and share it to relevant actors… The information sharing is
reflected in the organisational hierarchy… but the face to face communication is really
important in a small company like this.

– The controller
The information, and especially the budget, is used in a diagnostic manner:
performance is monitored and measured and variances are analysed for. The amount
of information has increased in recent years and the company is sharing it to more
actors.
Last year they started gathering the performance information into presentations that
are continuously rotating on screens, with the aim of increasing the understanding of
key figures, share information and increase transparency by jointly monitoring the
achievement of objectives. The SCD ponders if it should be further reduced or
simplified to the most crucial points.
Overall, the juice beverage industry is described as relatively stable, even if the times
are challenging and volumes are decreasing. Sales consists of two main segments, outof-home and retail, that have been rather predictable. The company has their market
shares of chilled and ambient beverages, with known competitors in certain sections.
The ongoing pandemic has been an obvious external challenge and has required some
adaptation, especially for the sales department. A more regular challenge is the
increasing excise tax (the so called sugar tax), that directly affects both sales prices
and profitability. The controller describes internal challenges, that relate to product
complexity in a manufacturing company and the external challenge of using harvest
products as raw-materials:
Raw materials are fresh and prices vary from harvest season to season a lot… Some
raw materials go down and some goes up. A few years ago, the price of pineapple
skyrocketed …and a decision to stop the production of some pineapple products had to
be made.

– The controller
46

Overall, the respondents all describe ongoing efforts to move towards a more agile
business, with increased information transparency and empowerment. Different areas
of responsibility describe different internal and external challenges. The supply chain
organisation is affected by delivery smoothness, while the technical department has
more mechanical challenges. All challenges are logged, in order to solve issues as soon
as possible, both in a proactive and reactive manner.

6.6 The budgetary process
The budget process starts in August, with the definition of the budget assumptions
and goals
The budget represents the operational implementation of the plans and strategies aligned
in the strategic dialogue for the next financial year. The goal of the budget process is to
define ambitious but realistic objectives in line with the strategic goals. The budgeted
figures represent the goals for the next financial year and are used as the benchmark for
the variable reward system

- The Chief Finance Officer
Gradually more actors (directors, managers, and senior staff) have been included in
the budget kick-off, where basically half a day is spent focusing on commercial aspects
and the other half on technical and investment issues. The organisation uses budget
templates, with budgeting principles that are given by the headquarters. The budget is
based on the sales forecasts and resources are allocated accordingly throughout the
organisation. The first drafts are changed multiple times during the process. The final
budget is returned to the headquarters in October. The budget is revised three to four
times during the year (March, June, September and a light revision in December)
The sales team is responsible for budgeting the fixed costs of sales and the sales
volumes for retail and out-of-home, that the rest of the budget is grounded on. The
respondent jokes that forecasts are made with a crystal ball, but continues with stating
that actually the Sales & Operational Planning process is the basis for all operational
planning:

47

It allows a regular follow-up and a continuous updating of forecasts... The budget is
necessary for giving the frames for conduct but works on a too big level to be functional
for actual operational planning such as the purchasing function. The S&OP process
gives the required details in a timely manner.

– The sales team
The SCD mentions time-scheduling issues that complicate the budgeting process.
Currently, the strategic dialogue and the budgeting process are the two main and
relatively separate events that sets the operational frames, creating a lot of work twice
a year... The budgeting process is separated into smaller sections were time-schedules
cross… pricing contracts are negotiated while the budget is made.

– The Supply Chain Director
This has led to an increased cooperation between controlling and purchasing
department, in an effort to improve the estimates and variance analyses, but still the
estimates are made with caution. Budget templates are used to update responsibility
areas, where the master recipes are a crucial responsibility area for the SCD. The
concept is based on activity costing, where costs are controlled per litre produced and
allows consideration of profitability by product type. There has been a lot of discussion
over the cost allocation and whether produced litres are the most suitable driver. The
company also calculates and follows production per packaging and format, since the
costs of a smaller handmade batch are a lot higher than the more automated larger
formats. The master recipes need to be calculated and checked prior to the budgeting
process, since they recognise the resources required. The SCD describes the
performance measures and the budget as a process to “chew the same information from
various perspectives”. The group has announced an effort to reduce this, but the challenge

is in deciding the relevant information for the group, that also benefits the local
organisation and takes national differences into consideration. Empowerment and
inclusion have been a positive development for information sharing, but have added
to the complexity of responsibility sections. The SCD calls out for some crossorganisational refinements, structuring and perhaps marking responsibilities at a
project level:

48

A clear & detailed local level timetable and the designation of responsible persons for
each step would help the process to proceed smoothly, leaving out last-minute
adjustments… That is, systematisation and descriptions of what the expectations are
for each stage, what is used as input for each stage, and what should be obtained as a
result of each stage, would streamline the process.

– The Supply Chain Director
A clear formal time-schedule, that illustrates the cooperation and responsibilities
would further improve the transparency. The SCD perceives the budget as necessary
for internal efficiency and an overall sharpening. However, the SCD ponders if
budgeting could be made on a more general level with less detail, for example on cost
centre level instead of an account-specific level. The SCD would appreciate a stronger
linkage between strategy and relevant information and definitely a more systematic
cross-functional process. Currently, the budget clearly is a realistic forecast, while the
strategy is implemented in the separate management-by-objectives process.
The SE uses about a week in total for the annual budgeting process. The
responsibilities are the maintenance costs and participating in the preparation of the
investment budget. The process is relatively systematised and they have a yearly
investment budget, that is allocated according to needs. The SE clarifies the need of a
detailed budget:
A lot of the production costs are set by the marketing department, since new packages
or formats directly affect the costs of the production lines. … A huge amount of the
budget and the fixed costs are directly affected by what the production lines are
producing. Each production line has its own budget and a certain level of details is
required for guaranteeing efficiency.

– The Service Engineer
In a similar manner, the PM describes a straightforward budgeting process, that
requires about a week of work yearly. The production department’s budgeting process
is strictly numerical, since they are not concerned with any estimates in the process.
The production budget is based on sales assumptions, with a margin for error. The PM
budgets variable and fixed labour costs and assists in budgeting energy, these are all
in direct relation to production volumes. The PM acknowledges that the directors
49

require much more time for budgeting, since it is their responsibility to prepare the
estimates and their presentations. Overall, the budget is described as realistic but
ambitious.
Budgeting the operational human resources is more concerned with the fixed costs,
rather than the variable costs.
The actual operative budgeting process is made fairly easy for HR function, due to
clear templates and competent controlling personnel. However, the whole business
process is perceived as quite stiff… In many cases operational actions should be
suggested as a budget figure before the actual targets are set.

– The Manager of Human Resources
There is a strategic dimension of monitoring and planning, which evaluates the need
for e.g. recruitments and training. Including the strategic dialogue, the HRM evaluates
about a months’ time spent on budgeting. Creating the story line is more timeconsuming than the actual number crunching itself. The HRM ponders if a more agile,
continuous process, such as rolling budgeting, could be better and more dynamic. A
challenge with the budgeting process is, that the group level targets are undefined,
while the budget is prepared. This is further explained by the CFO:
The overall direction and objectives are set during the strategic dialogue in April-May.
The budget is a step towards clarifying the targets and how to measure them, which
then becomes new objectives during the next dialogue.

– The Chief Finance Officer
The budget is perceived as relevant by the CFO: it gives common frameworks and
guidelines for next year’s operations, but a lighter process would be appreciated. When
asked about the differences between information in the sales & operational planning
and the budgeting process, the CFO answers that
…the fixed costs and master recipes are handled in the budgeting process, but not so
much and as detailed in the S&OP process. The budget has a crucial role in linking all
the separate processes together.

50

Simultaneously, the budget is perceived as time-consuming by the CFO. There is
some routine work that needs to be done, but time is also needed to develop and not
just defend the current state of affairs.
The budget reinforces the department by department thinking, while everything flows
together in reality… Everybody needs to be familiar with the objectives, share the
information and why it is needed for projects that have different functions.

The CFO points out the importance of interaction and integration.
The controller states, that basically August to December is spent budgeting: preparing
templates, creating the system for sales planning and organising the basic stuff for each
function, then assisting in data collection and translation and participating in a back
and forth process with the group. The budget is relevant for upkeeping a cost discipline
and setting frames for action. The controller is open-minded towards other approaches,
but states that the main functions of the budget, control and cost-consciousness, would
have to be replaced somehow. When asked if the process could be less detailed due to
the new sales & operational planning process, the controller states that
The Group gives the raw material prices in the autumn. The S&OP gives a snapshot of
the current state of affairs for the budget, but then they continue on as separate
processes…because of the product diversity it would be difficult to leave the details
out...

This is illustrated with the story of the pineapple prices mentioned earlier. If the
budget worked on a more generic level, those kinds of fluctuations would be really
difficult to consider. The CFO explains that the budget considers the result with total
costs, while the S&OP process enables reacting to variations in the variable
contribution: actual product profitability is excluded from the S&OP process.
All respondents shares that there is some indication from headquarters for easing the
budget templates for the next year. It remains to be seen what the actual outcome is
and how it will affect the process.

51

7 Analysis
In this chapter, the performance management system and the budget’s viability are
analysed with the support of the theoretical framework and prior research. The
framework by Johanson et al. (2019) presented in the second chapter, is used to analyse
the constructs of the PMS and its integration challenges. The budget’s role in the
system is considered in relation to the prior research. Finally, the advantages and
disadvantages of alternative approaches are discussed, in order to analyse, whether to
maintain, improve or abandon the budget.

7.2 The integrated performance management system
This section analyses the various constructs of the current performance management
system and how they support each other. In order for a performance management
system to be coherent and effective, its individual components and basic values and
beliefs must support each other. Before presenting the analysis, it is important to
understand the organisational structures that direct the company: how performance is
managed is largely affected by the group’s headquarters. They give guidelines for the
overall direction and sets the level for required performance.

7.2.1

Ideal and coherence

As stated above, the international group sets the guidelines for the overall shared
values. The dominant shared assumptions identified, were responsibility,
empowerment and quality. These are interpreted as the company’s ideals, that are
integrated into all organisational action and concretised through strategic focus areas
for the national companies. The group has recently gained a new chief executive
officer, which has accelerated a change in the common ideal towards becoming more
agile and contemporary.
The contextual processes supports the functional process and the interactive
communication has continuously been developed, with positive results identified by
all respondents. However, the performance management system was described as a
52

patchwork quilt of systems and processes, where all the relevant pieces are available
but could be more consistent. Empowerment efforts have included more actors into
various processes and increased the cross-functional communication, while the PMS
still heavily relies on the traditional organisational structure. This was observed
through an increased amount of reporting and meetings. A further definition and
structuring of responsibilities would improve the coherence of the performance
management system. Johanson et al. (2019) emphasise formalising commitment
routines.

7.2.2

Functional process

The ideal sets the background for the functional process, that consists of what the
company should achieve, monitoring and evaluation of the performance. The five-year
strategic agenda and an annual strategic dialogue enables the company to translate the
group strategy into local context. The company sets strategic objectives with
measurable KPIs and uses a formal management-by-objectives approach to further
concretise these aspects into specific plans and targets, with assigned responsible
actors. The budget is the main tool communicating the financial plans and targets for
the upcoming year.
The plans and goals vary between organisational functions, since the company
structure highly affects areas of responsibility. Overall, most of the targets are set by
interactive communication processes on various managerial levels, by comparing past
events with future assumptions. The company prefers straightforward financial,
technical and mechanical measures for performance. The non-financial measures are
not equally emphasised, but are considered by both human resources and the quality
organisation. There is definitely room for some improvement. The evaluation process
is strongly linked to the management-by-objectives process and the budget.
Critical risk factors identified, were the clear change in consumer behaviour and the
business environment, which has forced the organisation to become more reactive and
innovative. The company is in a phase to reposition strategically and possible routes
of action are pondered on. A critical success factor mentioned by all respondents, is
the continuous communication and cross-functional information sharing in order to
53

improve efficiency and various learning processes. Overall, the juice business was
described as relatively stable, while simultaneously the changed consumer behaviour
is affecting the industry. External uncertainties are the ever increasing excise tax and
the unpredictable price development of harvest products. Internal risks identified, were
related to a certain daily smoothness of operations, quite typical to manufacturing
companies.
On a generic level, the achievement of organisational goals are communicated through
the intranet, while the individual performance of managers is directly related to the
management-by-objectives process and its yearly development discussions. The
budget is a clear indicator of expected performance.

7.2.3

Contextual support

The company has an ERP system, that gathers, controls and communicates all
information related to the business. The group sets the standards for reporting and the
availability of information clearly differs between organisational levels. Upper
management have access to more detailed information in a timely manner and they are
assumed to understand its relevance. The controlling function has an important role in
both translating and distributing information to various actors. The intranet is used to
communicate more generic information throughout the organisation. Additionally, the
local organisation uses various programs and channels to monitor performance, which
enables giving and receiving feedback on all organisational levels. Continuous
development has been done to share information to more actors and increase the
overall understanding of key operational figures throughout the organisation.
The organisational structure is a traditional functionally divided manufacturing
hierarchy. Responsibilities are divided according to function and various managerial
levels are held accountable for achieving certain targets, through the formal
management-by-objectives process. The budget is an annual update of responsibilities.
The formality of the responsibility structure and the rewards systems were clearly
appreciated by a majority of respondents.

54

7.2.4

Contextual communication and learning

The company has taken several approaches to increase interactive communication and
engage more actors in various processes. The annual strategic dialogue, the
management-by-objectives process, the yearly development discussions, the sales and
operational planning process are all formal processes that work well. These processes
enable a regular communication between functions and different organisational levels,
about strategic, tactic and operative planning. The company is relatively small and
informal interaction is equally important as the formal, allowing flexibility in decisionmaking. A speak-up culture is encouraged beyond the regular meetings with followsups and more anonymous possibilities for giving formal feedback.
One main driver of information sharing has been the implementation of the sales and
operational planning process, which has increased the cross-functional communication
and learning. It has undoubtedly increased the understanding of key drivers between
functional organisations. Simultaneously, there are indications of an overflow of
meetings, crossing time schedules for required information and last minute haste for
fulfilling reports. Overall, the regular interactive communication has been key for
learning and self-renewal at E-G Finland Oy.
Rewards are highly related to the evaluating and monitoring processes. Incentives
consist of a three-folded system, that considers performance on group, local and
individual level for all managerial levels. Reaching budgeted targets affects the amount
of bonuses paid.

7.3 The budget’s role in the PMS
At Eckes-Granini Finland, the budgeting process follows the illustration by Stringer et
al. (2011): the sales and marketing budget sets the basis for other functions, so that
they may budget accordingly. The budgetary sales assumptions were jokingly
expressed as made with a crystal ball, but in reality, forecasts are strongly supported
by the sales & operational planning process. The separate process provides the most
recent information of actual outcome and more accurate up-to-date information of
sales assumptions. The budget plays a key role in combining information from the
process, with information from the so-called master recipes, in order to evaluate and
55

monitor profitability and translate strategy into operational financial measures. The
financial targets are set at a realistic but ambitious level and they communicate the
expected behaviour for the next financial period, for each function. Achieving
budgeted targets affects the outcome of earned rewards from the bonus system. This
indicates that the budget’s key functions at the case company covers all three main
functions of planning, controlling and evaluating, as described by Sivabalan et al.
(2009)
The budget is the tool that combines information from various processes to enable
efficient alignment of behaviour, suggesting that the budget is still necessary to ensure
internal efficiency at the case company. All respondents pointed out the importance of
budgetary control and none could consider controlling performance without it. The
company has introduced a parallel process for improving forecast accuracy, indicating
towards the budget’s weakened capability of reacting to external changes. The sales &
operational planning process signals if the budgeted expectations are at risk to be
unmet and plans are revised accordingly. The budget is used as a fixed performance
contract, to enable evaluation of performance on a collective level for the company.
Budgetary targets are a part of a larger three-folded bonus system and evaluation is
completed with the management-by-objectives process. These observations, of a
parallel use of supporting processes, supports prior results of the changing role of the
budget, in the research by Ekholm & Wallin in 2000 and 2011.
In order to evaluate the budget’s viability, the documented criticism by Neely et al.
(2003) is analysed in relation to observed budgetary issues at Eckes-Granini Finland
Oy Ab. The analysis is structured according to how the criticism affects the categories
of competitive strategy, business processes and organisational capability.
The budget has been accused of reducing competitive strategy, by rarely being
strategically oriented, concentrating too much on cost reduction instead of value
creation, hindering flexibility and adding little value. (Neely et al. 2003) In the case
company, the overall direction and objectives are set in an annual strategic dialogue.
The budgeting process is a step towards clarifying measurable targets, enabling a basis
for the next year’s strategic dialogue. The budget reflects a realistic financial target for
the next year and is critical for upkeeping cost-consciousness. The relevant strategic
implementation and value creation occurs through the management-by-objectives
56

process, as it permits more concrete targets to be made for each function, with both
short-term and long-term effects. There is a clear relationship between budgeting and
strategic planning, even if they are treated as separate processes. This may explain why
cost reduction was not perceived as a major issue of the budget at the case company.
The company has relied on a defender strategy, with the aim of defending existing
products and their profitability. In that sense, the budget is more important for control
reasons, than planning reasons. The criticism is interpreted as valid to a certain level,
since the case company derives its budget from strategy, but the relevant strategic
implementation and value creation occurs through a separate process.
According to Neely et al. (2003) the budget affects business processes, by being too
time consuming, too infrequently updated, built on guesswork and encouraging
dysfunctional behaviour. These were the main budgetary issues identified at the case
company. The budgeting process is quite structured and systematised: a generic
timetable is handed out and templates are used for reporting and defining
responsibilities. However, the budgeting process requires more time from directors
than from lower management. Lower management stated the usefulness of budget
templates, which makes the process straightforward and easy. Upper management,
however, is concerned with more detail and building a storyline for the assumptions,
increasing the time used for budgeting. The upper management expressed that the time
consumed by budgeting reduces the time available for development. Currently, the
budgeting process requires a large amount of work twice a year. The budget is revised
three times annually and described as too stiff for use. The sales and operational
planning process is more flexible, consumed with less detail and used for accurate
forecast and updated planning. Still, the budget was perceived as irreplaceable,
supporting prior findings by Rickards (2008). The budget is the only tool that combines
all the relevant information for efficient performance. The lighter S&OP process does
not consider fixed costs or the profitability of specific products that are crucial for
upkeeping a required level of cost-consciousness. This supports the criticism that the
budget is time-consuming and too infrequently updated. The respondents
acknowledged some dysfunctional behaviour related to budgeting, mainly postponing
or advancing costs depending on forecasted results. This was interpreted as a minor
issue, with irrelevant effect on target setting and evaluation.

57

According to Neely et al. (2003), the budget affects organisational capability by
strengthening the vertical command and control culture, failing to reflect emerging
network structures, reinforcing departmental barriers, hindering information sharing
and making people feel undervalued. The company has relied on traditional structures
and defined responsibilities accordingly. The budget was described as an annual
update of responsibilities according to function, enabling cost consciousness. A
strategic focus at Eckes-Granini Finland Oy has been empowerment, by participating
more actors and increasing the cross functional communication. The increased crossfunctional cooperation and empowerment have increased the amount of information
shared, while simultaneously blurring the boundaries of responsibility. Empowerment
indicates an increased freedom to control the own surrounding environment, but still
a formality of processes was appreciated by all respondents. The CFO stated that the
budget reinforces the departmental barriers, while in reality everything flows together.
This was observed through an increased amount of reporting and meetings, and the
increased importance of informal interaction. This reinforces the criticism of budgets
relying on organisational structures and failing to support emerging networks.
In summary, the main budgetary issues observed in the case company were the time it
consumes, the amount of detail required and the reinforcement of departmental
barriers. According to Sivabalan et al. (2009), a majority of the budgetary criticism is
related to evaluation reasons, while the budget is mainly used for control and planning
reasons. This seems to be the case as Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab. The identified
budgetary issues are related to how the budget is used. The expressed criticism varied
between actors, depending on their function and organisational level within the
organisation. Despite some expressed criticism, the budget was perceived as
irreplaceable by all respondents, supporting prior results by Libbey & Lindsey (2010)
and Rickards (2008).
The purpose of the budget at Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab was identified as planning,
controlling and evaluating. A relevant conflict between its key purposes was not
identified, as described by Drury (2015) and Bogsnes (2016), but the budget’s
capability as a tool for planning and evaluation has deteriorated. These functions are
supported, or even completed, with the separate management-by-objectives and the
sales & operational planning processes. The role of the budget has clearly gone through
a change the last years, which largely explains the organisation’s ongoing speculations
58

of its viability. However, the budget still has an important role in integrating
information from various processes to ensure internal efficiency. The case company
provides empirical evidence that a hybrid system, with a parallel use of complementing
tools and processes is common, to support prior results of Sivabalan et al. (2009) and
Ekholm & Wallin (2000).

7.4 Alternative approaches
Hansen et al. (2003) stated that the budgetary criticism has led companies to decide
whether to maintain, improve or abandon the traditional budget. There have been
relatively few accounting innovations in recent years and none of them offers a perfect
solution for managing performance. This section discusses the plausibility of three
commonly used alternative approaches for the case company, in order to analyse if it
should improve or abandon the annual budget.

7.4.1

The Balanced scorecard

The general idea of the BSC is basically implemented in the management-byobjectives process at Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab. The process is applied on business
unit level, meaning managers and directors, and targets for various functions are set
with individuals held accountable for achieving them. The process enables cascading
the strategy throughout the organisation. This follows the findings by Teemu Malmi
(2011), about the use of the BSC in Finnish companies. Implementing the BSC
philosophy would be an undramatic change for the case company.
The balanced scorecard is proposed as a tool to define, communicate and implement
strategy and a solution to integrating measures and evaluation: it enables a systematic
strategic learning process. Strategic formation and implementation were not
considered as an issue at the case company. However, they could benefit from the BSC
for integrating non-financial measures and mapping the causal relationships between
perspectives, strategy and financial outcome. Further, the BSC framework could aid
in a successful strategic change from a defender company towards an innovator
strategy. Currently, the management-by-objectives process occurs between individuals
59

from various levels within the same function. According to Kaplan (2009) and Drury
(2015), an integration of perspectives would allow processing them together and
illustrating how changes in one function affects another. An integrated strategic
mapping might clarify the time-scheduling issues observed and support the increased
cross-functional interactive communication.
The balanced scorecard has been criticised for the difficulties related to identifying the
causal relationships. The concept is open to various translations and lacks a step-bystep instruction for implementation: it would require the company to develop and
define the relevant measures, that embrace the causalities. (Johanson et al. 2006; Drury
2015) Ax & Bjørnenak (2005) stated that the attraction with the balanced scorecard is
its promised solutions to the shortcomings of the annual budget and strategic change.
The case company could benefit from the “BSC philosophy”, especially with
integrating perspectives in the management-by-objectives process. However, the
balanced scorecard does not solve the main budgetary issues observed. According to
Johanson et al. (2006), the budgetary criticism basically applies to the BSC as well.
Replacing the budget with a BSC is an implausible option, but the case company could
benefit from incorporating its philosophy to the management-by-objectives process.

7.4.2

Rolling budget

All respondents indicated an interest in rolling budgets. Currently, the traditional
budget is revised three to four times annually and the sales and operational planning
process has largely replaced the budget as a tool for accurate forecasts and timely
information (Jordan & Messner 2020; Ekholm & Wallin 2011). Moving to a rolling
system would be a plausible and undramatic change: new quarters could be added to
the budget during its revisions and the budget could remain as the tool that combines
the information from separate processes. However, the value gained from a rolling
budget remains open for interpretation. Rolling budgets could distribute the budgeting
workload more evenly over the year, but only if the budgeting templates are eased and
the number of required details are reduced. The research by Rickards (2008) indicated
that rolling budgets might reduce planning costs, as they become a more regular
process, but only if supported by an efficient information system. He further
questioned whether the need of detail is related to executives’ efforts for increased
60

control or actual managerial value. The findings indicate towards managerial value in
details at E-G Finland Oy.
Currently, the budget has an important part in evaluating collective performance,
where reaching budgeted targets affects the received bonuses. The evaluation is
supported by the more individual management-by-objectives process. Moving to
rolling budgets would require the company to reconsider the budget’s role in
performance evaluation. Rolling budgets have been criticised for their uncertainty in
evaluation by managers, as targets are continuously changing. The targets could
become more realistic, but the evaluation should be based on relative rather than
absolute performance due to their constant change. (Drury 2015)

7.4.3

Beyond Budgeting

Beyond budgeting promoters state that the budget is fundamentally flawed and, thus,
should be abolished for more agile management model. According to Sivabalan et al.
(2009), the main budgetary criticism pointed out by beyond budgeters is based on the
dysfunctional behaviour that stems from using the budget for evaluation purposes. The
case company uses the budget for evaluation, but none of the respondents indicated
any relevant problems relating to it. More attention was given to the time budgeting
consumes, the number of details required and its unsupportiveness of cross-functional
networks.
Hansen et al. (2003) simplified the beyond budgeting philosophy down to a radical
decentralisation in decision-making and performance evaluation based on relative
targets with hindsight. The case company relies on traditional formal organisational
structures, which highly affects responsibilities supported by the budget. However,
they are aspiring towards becoming a more agile organisation and the budget was
perceived as reinforcing departmental barriers, requiring too much time and detail. In
that sense, abandoning the budget would be an appealing approach. According to
Østergren & Stensaker (2009), relative targets could enable a holistic organisational
perspective of performance, rather than focusing on one’s own business unit. Using
relative targets, measured with key performance indicators, enables a top-down
planning of operations on a more generic level, where all actor may direct their
61

contribution accordingly, rather than controlling behaviour by budgeting down to
detailed accounts or cost centres.
Prior research demonstrates that companies move gradually towards beyond budgeting
and the former budgeting process is fragmented into a collection of various tools and
processes. According to Henttu-Aho & Järvinen (2013), what distinguishes beyond
budgeting from other approaches is the decoupling of the key functions target setting
and evaluation from planning. The case company has incorporated supporting
processes and could go forward with distinguishing the key functions, but there was
no observation of conflict to justify a need of separation. According to Bogsnes (2016),
a radical decentralisation is key for effective control without budget. The thesis has
emphasised budgeting issues and paid less attention to the possibility of
decentralisation. The case company should evaluate, if the budgeting issues are large
enough to justify the major changes required. The observations indicate that a
simplification approach would be more plausible for solving the shortcomings of the
budget, as the company appreciates formality and relies heavily on the organisational
structure.

62

8 Conclusions and discussion
This thesis has given insight into the budget’s viability as a part of performance
management systems. Prior research of Malmi & Brown (2008) and Bedford (2020)
stated that assessing the budget’s functionality as a separate practice might give
misleading results. Investigating the budget’s role through a larger perspective,
enables addressing how other practices and processes affects its functionality. The
research was conducted as a case study, where data were obtained through semistructured interviews, with questions derived from the framework by Ferreira & Otley
(2009). The results were analysed with the framework by Johanson et al. (2019) and
prior research considering the budget’s functionality and approaches to either support
or replace it. The research questions were: What constitutes the current performance
management system? What is the budget’s role in the performance management
system? Should the case company maintain, improve or abandon the budget? In this
chapter, these questions are answered with the support of prior research and the case
study.
The performance of the case company is largely affected by its headquarters, that sets
both the overall direction and the expected level of performance. The performance
management system at local level was analysed trough how the constructs of
contextual support, functional processes and contextual communication and learning
supports the common ideal. The prevalent ideals observed were responsibility,
empowerment and quality. The research did not consider the driver for these shared
assumptions, which could have affected the results.
Overall, the various elements of the performance management system work well, but
some issues in its coherence were observed. The system was described as a patchwork
quilt of processes, and separate processes have constantly been developed to answer
to the changing demands of information. The company relies heavily on organisational
structure and formality in defining responsibilities, while simultaneously striving for
increased cross-functional interaction and agile performance. This has blurred the
boundaries of responsibilities. The challenge of integrating various internal
perspectives, management, targets and measures has resulted in an increased amount
of reporting and meetings. The increased interaction has been positive for self-renewal
and learning, but has complicated the appreciated formalisation of responsibilities.
63

The budget’s viability in managing performance is still strong at Eckes-Granini
Finland Oy Ab. The budget is used to translate strategy into a financial operational
plan for the upcoming year, covering all three main functions of planning, controlling
and evaluating. The budget is thought of as relevant and necessary for upkeeping cost
consciousness and control: it is the tool that combines several processes. However, the
budget is also perceived as time-consuming, too detailed and reinforcing departmental
thinking. The budget strongly supports the organisational structure and is an annual
update on responsibilities. The company has continuously taken steps to develop
supporting processes, which has altered the role of the budget, supporting prior
research by Ekholm & Wallin (2000), Rickards (2008) and Libbey & Lindsey (2010).
It is clear, that the budget’s importance as a tool for planning and evaluation has
deteriorated due to complementing processes. However, the budget has an important
role in the performance management system, as the tool that integrates the managerial
information from separate processes, controlling the expected behaviour for the next
financial period.
Hansen et al. (2003) state, that the budgetary criticism has led companies to decide,
whether to maintain, improve or abandon the budget. Should the budget be replaced
or improved at Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab? A fragmentation of budgeting is clearly
observed at the company, as its key functions are completed with other mechanisms to
answer to the changing need of managerial information. Prior research suggests that
companies move gradually towards the beyond budgeting approach, when new tools
and processes replace the key functions of the budget. What distinguishes the approach
from improved budgeting, is the decoupling of target setting from planning. (HenttuAho & Järvinen 2013) If the decision is simplified down to this, both approaches are
plausible. However, beyond budgeters perceive the budget as fundamentally flawed
and emphasise the need of radical decentralisation, as the budgeting mindset otherwise
undermines the efficiency of any alternative tools. The budgetary process in the case
company is not fundamentally flawed, on the contrary, it is still perceived as a
necessary tool for integrating the performance management system. Sivabalan et al.
(2009) and Ekholm & Wallin (2011) stated, that accounting innovations rarely replace
the budget, but rather a parallel use of various practices support each other. The case
company has systematically tried to develop their supporting processes and gradually
the role of the budget has changed, explaining the interest for alternative approaches.
64

Improving, or rather simplifying, the budget would be the most plausible approach for
the case company. The budget’s viability in managing performance is still strong, as it
has a crucial role in integrating the various constructs of the performance management
system.
This research has several limitations. A restricted number of employees were
interviewed and the results are not generalisable, as the research was conducted as a
single case study. The nature of the research problem required rich and deep inquiries
of performance, making interviews an appropriate method. In order to increase the
research validity, the budget’s functionality was investigated from various perspective
by including respondents from various functions and organisational levels. The
broader research perspective of performance management enabled consideration of
how various practices complete the budget’s key functions.

8.2 Directions for future research
This study supports prior research, that the budget is still perceived as relevant for
ensuring internal efficiency in manufacturing companies, but the role of the budget is
changing as parallel processes are used to answer to the budget’s shortcomings. There
is no one-size fits all solution for substituting or supporting the budget. Instead of
investigating the pros and cons of alternative approaches, it could be useful to study
the patterns of interaction: what is the relevant information for various actors; how is
the information used and interpreted by various actors; how does the information vary
between time, situations and persons. Investigating the performance management
system through an accountability perspective could be beneficial for integrating the
informational needs at both local and international level.
The formality of responsibilities and processes was clearly appreciated in the case
company. Another research direction could be to investigate how to formalise and
routinise the accountabilities.

65

Swedish summary – Svensk sammanfattning
Budgetens livskraft i systemet för kontrollstyrning – en fallstudie av EckesGranini Finland Oy Ab.
Budgeten har en etablerad roll inom ekonomistyrning i de flesta organisationerna, där
den fungerar som ett verktyg för planering, kontroll och utvärdering av verksamheten.
(Drury 2015) De senaste åren har budgeten fått utstå en växande mängd kritik. I och
med globalisering, digitalisering och utveckling av teknik har affärsmiljön blivit
alltmer komplex och volatil. Budgeten anses inte längre vara värdeskapande och
kapabel att reagera på förändringar tillräckligt snabbt. Som en följd har Beyond
budgeting-debatten uppstått, där den ena parten hävdar att budgeten i grunden är
bristfällig och bör avskaffas, medan den andra parten anser att budgeteringsprocessen
går att förbättra. (Hope & Fraser 2003; Bogsnes 2016; Henttu-Aho & Järvinen 2016)
Debatten har ökat intresset för alternativa budgeteringsmetoder. Hansen, Otley & Van
der Stede (2003) påstår att företagen nu står inför ett val mellan att slopa och förbättra
årsbudgeten.
Avhandlingens syfte är att undersöka budgetens livskraft och dess roll i
styrningskontrollsystemet. I studien övervägs även rimligheten av tre alternativa
tillvägagångssätt, för att antingen förbättra eller slopa budgeten. Problemområdet
närmas med hjälp av tre forskningsfrågor: Hur är styrningskontrollsystemet uppbyggt?
Vad är budgetens roll i systemet? Borde fallföretaget behålla, förbättra eller slopa sin
budget?
Problemområdet är aktuellt för flera företag idag. Tidigare forskning visar att budgeten
fortfarande upplevs som ett nyttigt och nödvändigt redskap för att garantera intern
effektivitet, samtidigt som budgeten kritiserats för att vara tidskrävande, för detaljerad
och inkapabel att stöda nätverksstrukturer. (Ekholm & Wallin 2000, 2011; Libbey &
Lindsey 2010; Rickards 2008; Sivabalan, Booth, Malmi & Brown 2009) Tidigare
forskning har även fokuserat mer på finansiell kontroll än styrningskontroller som en
helhet, vilket lett till motstridiga resultat i frågor om budgetens nytta (Malmi & Brown
2008). Denna studie bidrar till Beyond budgeting-debatten genom att undersöka
budgeten ur ett bredare perspektiv. Budgeten undersöks som en del av
styrningskontrollsystem för att kunna beakta hur andra mekanismer möjligen påverkar
66

budgeten.

Styrningskontrollsystem

omfattar

både

formella

och

informella

kontrollmekanismer, såsom mål och mätning, rutiner och social omgivning.
Hur budgetar används är starkt kopplat till företagssammanhanget. Avhandlingen
utgörs därför av en fallstudie i ett medelstort producerande företag i Finland. En
fallstudie möjliggör djupgående beskrivningar av hur budgeteringsprocessen upplevs
och varför den möjligen inte längre anses nödvändig för företaget. Ett ramverk för
styrningskontrollsystem av Ferreira & Otley (2009) används för att samla in empiri.
Sju semistrukturerade intervjuer med respondenter från olika organisationsnivåer och
funktioner genomförs, för att få en helhetsbild av problemområdet och en insikt i
möjliga interna konflikter mellan styrningskontroller.
Analysen

av

insamlade

data

struktureras

enligt

forskningsfrågorna.

Hur

styrningskontrollsystemet är uppbyggt i fallföretaget analyseras med ett ramverk för
integrerade styrningskontrollsystem av Johanson, Almqvist och Skoog (2019).
Tidigare forskning om budgetens funktionalitet, kritik och förändring används för att
analysera budgetens roll i styrningskontrollsystemet. Slutligen diskuteras hur
alternativa metoderna balanserat styrkort, rullande budgetar och Beyond budgeting
kunde lösa budgetens möjliga brister i fallföretaget.
Studien

avslöjar

att

fallföretaget

kontinuerligt

har

utvecklat

sitt

styrningskontrollsystem för att kunna reagera på förändringar på marknaden. De
senaste åren har systemet utökats med kompletterande processer för strategiarbete och
tvärfunktionell planering. Processerna anses vara fungerande, men systemet i sig
saknar en viss sammanhållning. Budgeten används för planering, kontroll och
utvärdering. Årsbudgeten upplevs fortfarande som ett nödvändigt verktyg för att
säkerställa intern effektivitet och kostnadsmedvetenhet mellan funktioner, i enlighet
med Ekholm & Wallin (2000) och Libbey & Lindsey (2010). Samtidigt upplevs
budgeteringsprocessen som tidskrävande, för detaljerad och inkapabel att stöda
tvärfunktionellt samarbete. Budgetens roll har genomgått en förändring, där de nya
kompletterande processerna har minskat på budgetens nytta som ett verktyg för
planering och utvärdering. I dagsläge fungerar budgeten som ett viktigt integrerande
verktyg som för samman relevant information för ledningen från de separata
processerna.

67

Resultaten indikerar att budgeten fortfarande är det lämpligaste verktyget för kontroll
inom fallföretaget och spelar en viktig roll som ett integrerande verktyg i
styrningskontrollsystemet. De observerade budgeteringsproblemen skulle inte lösas av
att införa balanserat styrkort, rullande budgetar eller Beyond budgeting. Enligt
studiens observationer, skulle den lämpligaste lösningen vara en förenkling av kraven
på detaljer i budgeteringsprocessen och en formalisering av ansvarsrutiner, som
understöder det nya tvärfunktionella samarbetet.

68

References
Ax C., Johansson C & Kullvén H. (2001) Den nya ekonomistryningen. Malmö: Liber
ekonomi
Ax C. & Bjørnenak T. (2005) Bundling and diffusion of management accounting
innovations – the case of the balanced scorecard in Sweden. Management
Accounting Research. 16: 1-20.
The Beyond Budgeting Round Table. The Beyond Budgeting Principles. Read
28.9.2020. https://bbrt.org/the-beyond-budgeting-principles/
Bedford D. (2020) Conceptual and empirical issues in understanding management
control combinations. Accounting, Organizations and Society 88: 1-8
Bogsnes B. (2016) Implementing beyond budgeting: unlocking the performance
potential. New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons
Bourne M., Melnyk S., Bititci U., Platts K. & Andersen B. (2014) Emerging issues in
performance measurement. Management Accounting Research 25(2): 117-118
Broadbent J. & Laughlin R. (2013). Accounting control and controlling accounting:
Interdisciplinary and critical perspectives. ProQuest Ebook Central
Bromwich M. & Scapens R. (2016) Management accounting Research: 25 years on.
Management Accounting Research 31(2): 1–9
Bryman A. & Bell E. (2013) Företagsekonomiska forskningsmetoder. Stockholm:
Liber Ab
Bunce P., Fraser R., & Woodcock L. (1995) Advanced budgeting: A journey to
advanced management systems. Management Accounting Research 6(3): 253–265.
Chenhall R. (2003) Management control systems design within its organizational
contest: findings from contingency-based research and directions for the future.
Accounting, Organization and Society 28: 127-168
Chenhall R. (2007) Theorizing contingencies in management control systems
research. Handbook of Management Accounting Research. Vol. 1

69

Covaleski M., Evans H., Luft J. & Shields M. (2007) Budgeting research: Three
theoretical perspectives and criteria for selective integration. Handbook of
Management Accounting Research. Vol. 2
Drury C. (2015) Management and cost accounting. China: RR Donnelley
Ekholm B. & Wallin J. (2000) Is the annual budget dead? The European Accounting
Review 9: 519–539
Ekholm B. & Wallin J. (2011) The Impact of Uncertainty and Strategy on the
Perceived Usefulness of Fixed and Flexible Budgets. Journal of Business Finance
and Accounting 38 (1–2): 145–164
Fahlén K. (2016) Beyond budgeting i praktiken. Stockholm: Liber Ab.
Ferreira A. & Otley D. (2009) The design and use of performance management
systems: an extended framework for analysis. Management Accounting Research.
20: 263-282
Franco-Santos M. & Otley D. (2018) Reviewing and theorizing the unintended
consequences of performance management systems. International Journal of
Management Reviews 20: 696-730
Hansen SC. (2010) A Theoretical Analysis of the Impact of Adopting Rolling
Budgets, Activity-Based Budgeting and Beyond Budgeting. The European
Accounting Review. 20(2): 289-319
Hansen SC., Otley DT. & Van der Stede WA. (2003) Practice developments in
budgeting: An overview and research perspective. Journal of Management
Accounting Research 15(1): 95–116
Henttu-Aho T. (2016) The emerging practices of modern budgeting and the role of
controller. University of Oulu Graduate school, University of Oulu, Department of
Accounting
Henttu-Aho T. & Järvinen J. (2013) A field study of the emerging practice of beyond
budgeting in industrial companies: an institutional perspective. European Accounting
Review. 22(4): 765-785

70

Hope J., & Fraser R. (1997). Beyong budgeting… Breaking through the barrier to
‘the third wave’, Management Accounting: Magazine for Chartered Management
Accountants 75 (11): 20–24
Hope J., & Fraser R. (2003). Beyond Budgeting: How managers can break free from
the annual performance trap. Boston, MA: Harvard Business School Press.
Johanson U., Almqvist R. & Skoog M. (2019) A conceptual framework for
integrated performance management systems. Journal of Public Budgeting,
Accounting & Financial Management. 31(3): 309 – 324
Johanson U., Skoog M., Backlund A. & Almqvist R. (2006) Balancing dilemmas of
the balanced scorecard. Accounting, Auditing & Accountability Journal. 19(6): 842857
Kaplan R. (2009) Conceptual Foundations of the Balances Scorecard. Handbook of
Management Accounting Research. Vol. 3: 1253-1269
Libbey T. & Lindsay R. (2010) Beyond budgeting or budgeting reconsidered? A
survey of North-American budgeting practice
Malmi T. (2001) Balanced scorecards in Finnish companies: a research note.
Management Accounting Research 12: 207-220
Malmi T. & Brown D. (2008) Management control systems as a package –
opportunities, challenges and research directions. Management Accounting Research
19: 287-300
Merchant K. & Otley D. (2007) A review of the literature on control and
accountability. Handbook of Management Accounting Research. Vol. 2
Merchant K. & Van der Stede W. (2007) Management Control Systems,
Performance measurement, evaluation and incentives. Edinburgh: Pearson Education
Limited
Neely A., Bourne M. & Adams C. (2003) Better budgeting or beyond budgeting?
Measuring Business Excellence 7(3): 22–28.
Rickards R. (2008) An endless debate: the sense and nonsense of budgeting.
International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management. 57(7): 569–592
71

Salo F. (2018) Är årsbudgeten ännu relevant? – en fallstudie om den upplevda nyttan
av årsbudgeten på Eckes-Granini Finland Oy Ab. Fakulteten för samhällsvetenskaper
och ekonomi. Åbo Akademi.
Sivabalan P., Booth P., Malmi T. & Brown D. (2009) An exploratory study of
operational reasons to budget. Accounting and Finance 49: 849–871
Stringer C., Shantapriyan, P., & Pillai, P. (2011). Setting performance targets.
Proquest Ebook Central.
Wallander J. (1995) Budgeten – ett onödigt ont. Kristianstad: SNS Förlag
Yin R. (2014) Case study research: design and methods. SAGE 5th edition.
Østergren K. & Stensaker I. (2011) Management control without budgets: A field
study of ‘Beyond Budgeting’ in practice. European Accounting Review. 20(1): 149181

72

Appendix 1. Information to the respondents
This thesis considers the viability of budgeting in managing performance in a case
company.
The research is conducted through interviews in two separate rounds. The first round
is a mapping of the current state of affairs of the performance management, with the
chief finance officer, the supply chain director and the manager of human resources as
respondents. The second round of respondents will be determined during the first
interviews, with the aim of getting a deeper insight into how various organisational
levels perceive the same aspects.
The interviews
The interview questions are divided into four parts:
1.
2.
3.
4.

Strategy, key success factors and organisational structure
Performance measurement, evaluation and rewards
Informational flows and the business environment
The budgetary process

These four parts contain a number of questions and sub-questions to provide a
comprehensive understanding of the company’s control and performance
management system. The interview questions are attached as a separate file.
Other information
-

The interview questions are given in advance, so that you have the time to get
acquainted with the subject and the questions
The interviews are conducted remotely through Microsoft Teams
The interviews will be recorded
The information will be used only for my master’s thesis
In my thesis, the company name and your title will be mentioned, otherwise
you will remain anonymous
The study is done as a part of my master’s dissertation in the spring of 2021

Thank you for agreeing to participate!

73

Appendix 2. Interview guide 1
Respondent background
-

Title and working tasks/responsibilities
How long have you been employed at the company?

Strategy, key success factor and organisational structure
1. What is the vision and mission of the organisation?
a. How is this brought to the attention of managers and employees?
2. What are the key success factors that are believed to be central to the
organisation’s overall future success?
a. How are they brought to the attention of managers and employees?
3. Describe the organisational structure
a. What impact does the structure have on how performance is managed?
b. Does it influence the strategic management process?
4. What strategies and plans has the organisation adopted?
a. Which processes and activities are required to ensure strategy
implementation?
b. Who are involved in generating the strategy and creating plans?
c. How are strategies and plans communicated to managers and
employees?
Performance measurement, evaluation and rewards
5. Based on the company's objectives, which are the company's/your area’s of
responsibility most important performance measures?
6. Based on the previous question, what level of performance does the
organisation/your area need to achieve for each of its key performance
measures?
a. How are appropriate performance targets set for them?
b. How challenging are those performance targets to reach?
7. What processes does the company follow for evaluating individual, group, and
organisational performance?
a. Are performance evaluations primarily objective, subjective or mixed?
b. How important is formal and informal information in this process?
74

8. What rewards — financial and/or non-financial — will managers and other
employees gain by achieving performance targets?
a.

Will there be consequences if the goals are not achieved?

Information flows and the business environment
9. What type of information system is available to support the performance
management? (mainly to communicate questions discussed so far)
a. Does the information flow both ways or mainly top to bottom?
10. How is the information from various control mechanisms used?
a. How do controls and their use differ at different hierarchical levels?
11. What are the main operational challenges, both external and internal?
a. Do these challenges affect the performance management system?
b. Have you seen any challenges, where the performance management has
been changed to adapt in a proactive or reactive manner?
12. How strong and coherent do you perceive the links between the questions
discussed above?
a. Do you perceive them as an integrated system within the company, or
are they treated as separate parts?
The budgetary process
-

Describe the process, time spent and key purposes of the budget
o How is strategy considered in the process?
o How well can business development be predicted for more than a year
ahead?
o Is the objective to create a realistic or motivating budget?

-

How does the budget support decision-making?

-

How flexible are targets once they have been set?

-

To what extent are variances analysed and accounted for?

-

Is the budget completed with other practices?

-

How is the budget communicated to relevant actors?

-

Is the budget used for evaluation and compensation?

-

How do you perceive the budgeting process and its relevance for generating
business value?

-

How could it be improved?
75

Concluding questions
-

For a broader organisational perspective of the performance management
system, who would you recommend participating in further interviews?

Appendix 3. Interview guide 2
-

Mikä on roolisi yrityksen toiminnassa?

Strategia, organisaatio ja menestystekijät
1. Mitkä ovat yrityksen keskeisimmät tavoitteet menestyksen kannalta?
a. Miten nämä viestitään työntekijöille?
b. Miten tavoitteet asetetaan?
c. Koetko pystyväsi vaikuttamaan tavoitteisiin?
2. Mitkä ovat menestyksen avaintekijät?
3. Mitkä ovat päivittäisen toiminnan suurimmat haasteet?
a. Millä aikataululla uudet havainnot haasteista tai mahdollisuuksista
huomioidaan?
Palkitseminen ja toiminnan mittarit
4. Miten tavoitteiden saavutusta mitataan?
a. Ovatko tavoitteet saavutettavissa?
b. Mitataanko oikeita asioita?
5. Mitä palkkioita johto ja työntekijät saavat saavuttamalla tavoitteita?
Palaute ja kommunikointi
6. Mitkä tietovirrat ovat tehtävääsi välttämättömiä menestyksen kannalta?
a. Kulkeeko tieto ylhäältä alas voi molempiin suuntiin?
7. Mitkä järjestelmät tai menetelmät ovat käytössä palautteen antamiseen ja
saamiseen?
8. Kuinka johdonmukaiset ovat komponentit ja menetelmät, millä taataan
yrityksen menestys?
Budjetointiprosessi
1. Mikä on roolisi budjetointiprosessissa?
2. Kuinka paljon aikaa käytät vuosittain budjetointiin?
3. Mitkä ovat oleellisimmat syyt budjetointiin?
a. Tukeeko budjetti yrityksen tavoitteita?
4. Käytetäänkö budjettia suoritusarviointiperusteena kohdallasi?
a. Toimiiko budjettivertailu hyvin arviointiperusteena?
5. Luoko suuressa kuvassa budjetti enemmän hyötyä vai haittaa?

76

Appendix 4. Conducted interviews

77

