MASTER S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Daniela García Villamil

INDIGENOUS SELF-DETERMINATION AND THE HUMAN-RIGHTS BASED
APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT: POTENTIALS AND LIMITATIONS

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
Master’s Programme in International Law and Human Rights
Supervisor: Elina Pirjatanniemi
Åbo Akademi
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND
ECONOMICS
Subject: Public International Law
Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights Law
Author: Daniela García Villamil
Title of the Thesis: Indigenous Self-Determination and The Human-Rights Based Approach
to Sustainable Development: Potentials and Limitations
Supevisor: Elina Pirjatanniemi
Abstract:
In a global scenario of growing environmental pressure and escalating resource conflicts,
Indigenous peoples have gained increased visibility. First, the recognition of their potential
contributions to environmental protection, climate adaptation and resource management has
positioned Indigenous peoples as fundamental agents in the pursuit of sustainability. Second,
most Indigenous populations face extreme forms structural inequality, accounting for almost
19% of the extreme poor. In this regard, sustainable development appears as a shared
approach to development, promising to respect their self-determined development, while
ensuring the amelioration of their living conditions and well-being. Third, Indigenous
peoples often inhabit territories rich in resources considered ‘strategic’ both for natural
resource exploitation and conservation. Therefore, conflicts over investment and
development projects in their territories are constant threats. Recent years have seen an
alarming increase in the abuse of their rights, to the extent that Indigenous peoples often
describe the affectations as genocide or ethnocide.
In this context, Indigenous peoples have continued to assert their right to self-determination,
as foundational right for the guarantee of all their fundamental freedoms and human rights,
including, in the pursuit of sustainable futures. Therefore, the following thesis seeks to
explore the potentials and limitations of a human-rights based approach to sustainable
development in the realization of Indigenous self-determination. To achieve the latter, it
examines the scope, extent, and limitations of the right of Indigenous peoples to selfdetermination, and some of the international legal implications emerging from the notion of
sustainable development vis-a-vis Indigenous peoples. This is done through the combination
of a historical approach to international law and some elements of the doctrinal method. It
concludes that there are significant challenges for the realization of Indigenous selfdetermination within the emerging regulations on sustainable development, both arising
from international and human rights law’s own theoretical limitations, as well as from the
lack of engagement with other branches of law.
Key words:
Indigenous peoples, Self-determination, Sustainable Development, Self-determined
Development

Date: 28.06.2021

Number of pages: 90
Number of words: 32958

Table of Contents
1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

1

INTRODUCTION.......................................................................................................... 2
1.1.

INDIGENOUS PEOPLES IN THE SPOTLIGHT: INCREASED VISIBILITY, RISING THREATS ....................... 2

1.2.

SOURCES AND METHODS................................................................................................. 4

1.3.

LIMITATIONS ................................................................................................................. 6

SELF-DETERMINING PEOPLES ..................................................................................... 8
2.1.

INDIGENOUS SELF-DETERMINATION ................................................................................... 8

2.2.

THE HISTORICAL LEGALITY OF INDIGENOUS DISPOSSESSION, EXPLOITATION AND ASSIMILATION ... 15

2.3.

THIRD WORLD SELF-DETERMINATION AND THE LIMITS OF DECOLONIZATION ........................... 22

2.4.

BUILDING COLLECTIVE RIGHTS ........................................................................................ 32

DEVELOPMENT, SUSTAINABILITY AND WELL-BEING ................................................. 46
3.1.

OVER-EXPLOITED WORLDS, AND THE CREATION OF GLOBAL POVERTY .................................... 46

3.2.

THE SHIFT TO SUSTAINABILITY ........................................................................................ 53

3.3.

INTEGRATING INDIGENOUS KNOWLEDGE .......................................................................... 60

CONVERGENCES AND DISENCOUNTERS.................................................................... 67
4.1.

CONSIDERATIONS ON SELF-DETERMINATION ...................................................................... 67

4.2.

EMERGING REGULATIONS FOR SUSTAINABILITY .................................................................. 74

CONCLUSIONS .......................................................................................................... 82

1. INTRODUCTION

1.1.

Indigenous Peoples in the Spotlight: Increased Visibility, Rising Threats

In recent decades, Indigenous peoples have gained increased visibility at the international level,
standing at the intersections between international human rights, environmental and
trade/economic law.1 The progressive development of Indigenous peoples’ rights has occurred
parallel to the emerging notion of sustainable development. Growing interest for sustainability
has put Indigenous peoples in the spotlight in several ways. First, since the 1992 UN
Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED), the potential contributions of
Indigenous knowledge to environmental protection and conservation have being strongly
incorporated throughout the UN discourse. In this scenario, Indigenous peoples continue to be
portrayed as fundamental agents of sustainable development. They are progressively presented
as ‘strategical partners’ in the pursuit of sustainability, in recognition of their ancestral
knowledge regarding climate adaptation, resource management, and their strong connections
to land.
Second, Indigenous peoples appear as crucial ‘beneficiaries’ of sustainable development. Most
Indigenous populations face extreme forms structural inequality, and their livelihoods continue
to be “seen as inferior, primitive, irrelevant, something to be eradicated or transformed.”2
While representing 6.2% of the world’s population, Indigenous peoples are nearly three times
more likely to live in extreme poverty than non-indigenous peoples, accounting for almost 19%
of the extreme poor.3 Whereas Indigenous peoples’ poverty is often explained as result of their
‘backwardness’, ‘lack of development’, or persistence of their traditional practices, sustainable
development promises to respect their self-determined development, while ensuring the
amelioration of their living conditions –‘leaving no one behind.’ In this sense, sustainable
development is consistently portrayed as a shared approach to development “that will reinforce

1

Following current legal practice, the following thesis refers to ‘Indigenous peoples’ as including the wide variety
of local, national and regional terms that express Indigenous self-identification, such as tribes, ethnic minorities,
natives, indigenous nationalities, First Nations, aboriginals, indigenous communities, hill peoples and highland
peoples, among others.
2
UNDESA 2019, para.2
3
CEB 2020, p.3
2

the role of indigenous populations, contribute to the improvement of their lives and allow them
to become key actors in their own development in the long term.”4
Third, Indigenous peoples often inhabit territories rich in resources considered ‘strategic’ both
for conservation and exploitation. Therefore, conflicts over investment and development
projects in their territories are constant threats. Recent years have seen an alarming increase in
the abuse of their rights, to the extent that Indigenous peoples often describe the affectations
as genocide or ethnocide. According to Frontline defenders, 40% of the human rights defenders
killed in 2019 were Indigenous and land rights defenders.5 In 2020, the percentage of human
rights defenders killed that were working on land, indigenous peoples and environmental rights
went up to 69%, of which 26% were specifically working on Indigenous peoples’ rights.6 The
intense wave of criminalization of Indigenous peoples is primarily related to a continued
expansion of the extractive frontier. In the words of the Special Rapporteur on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples, “intensified competition over natural resources has placed indigenous
communities, seeking to protect their traditional lands, at the forefront of conflict, as targets of
persecution.”7 In a global scenario of environmental pressure and escalating resource conflicts,
Indigenous peoples continue to be major victims of systematic abuse in the name of
‘development.’
In this context, Indigenous peoples have continued to assert their right to self-determination,
as foundational right for the guarantee of all their fundamental freedoms and human rights.
They have historically resisted shifting forms of domination, exploitation, and violence. Today,
around 476,6 million Indigenous peoples –amounting to more than the combined populations
of the United States and Canada8, endure legacies of colonization and continued practices of
exclusion that acquire distinct manifestations at the local, national and international settings.
Amid vast diversity, Indigenous peoples face consistent patterns of abuse. It is widely
documented that the gravest violations of Indigenous peoples’ rights often occur in tandem
with the appropriation of their traditional lands.9 While much has been said about the negative

4

Report of the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the rights of indigenous peoples, A/73/176,
para. 51
5
Frontline Defenders Global Analysis 2019, p.4
6
Frontline Defenders Global Analysis 2020, p.4
7
Report of the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the rights of indigenous peoples, A/73/176,
para.4
8
CEP, 2020, p.2
9
UNPFII, International expert group meeting on the theme “Sustainable Development in the Territories of
Indigenous Peoples, E/C.19/2018/7, paras. 31-35
3

impacts of agrobusiness and resource extraction activities in Indigenous territories,
conservation, tourism, and corporatized green solutions remain relatively obscured as
important drivers of land dispossession.10 Even less has being said about how sustainable
development initiatives may affect Indigenous peoples rights.
Sustainability and Indigenous peoples’ rights are often assumed to go hand-in-hand. In this
context, the following thesis seeks to explore the potentials and limitations of a human-rights
based approach to sustainable development in the realization of Indigenous self-determination.
To address the latter, the present text examines,
1. What is the scope, extent, and (historical) limitations of the right of Indigenous peoples
to self-determination?
2. What are some of the international legal implications emerging from the notion of
sustainable development vis-a-vis Indigenous peoples?
And, finally,
3. What are the potentials and limitations of a human-rights based approach to
sustainable development in the realization of Indigenous self-determination?

1.2.

Sources and Methods

The following thesis attempts to combine a historical approach to international law with a
doctrinal analysis of its current standards, drawing upon Third World Approaches to
International Law (TWAIL). The text attempts to revisit the underlining tensions between the
right to Indigenous self-determination, as construed within international law, and its
intersections with the regulations emerging from the notion of sustainable development.
A historical analysis of legal standards allows to put claims into broader perspective, better
understand their progressive development, and comprehend its current meanings and
possibilities as towards Indigenous peoples. Devoid of historical weight, it is difficult to
perceive the operations of power present within current standards. This effort is also animated
by a desire to put into perspective the transformations that core concepts of international law
take over the course of history, constituting the changing framework within which Indigenous
people continue to raise their claims. The latter also allows to perceive the weight of ‘soft-law’

10

4

Ibid., para. 34

instruments both in the elaboration of Indigenous rights and sustainable development
standards, the ways ‘soft law’ and ‘hard law’ instruments are constantly interrelating, as well
as evidencing law-making consequences of non-state actors. This is of considerable
importance, as most of the Indigenous peoples’ rights instruments are either considered soft
law sources or have a relatively low endorsement.
Some of the insufficiencies of Eurocentric/Western accounts of the discipline have been
increasingly emphasized in international law theory. Critical scholarship has denounced that
traditional views are not only incomplete, but also conceal “the violence, ruthlessness, and
arrogance which accompanied the dissemination of Western rules.”11 In this scenario, some
highlight that international law doctrines facilitated European imperialism based on binary
conceptions of the Self and Other that legitimized the colonizing project.12 This approach has
been criticized for being grounded in the same dichotomy it aims to expose, as it reinforces the
notion of international law as a specifically European construct. Other approaches have
explored non-European influences in the discipline’s standards, and the phenomenon of
appropriation of doctrines rooted in non-European legal traditions.13 Examples of the latter
include the rules of warfare followed by Indian kings prior to 1500; conceptions of sovereignty
and non-interference in domestic affairs from Latin America; and the protection of religious
minorities and the humane treatment of the war prisoners as contributions of Islam to
international law.14
Whereas it is out of the scope of the present thesis to provide a ‘non-European’ history of
international law, or to discuss the origins of its standards, it is relevant to question the
narratives in which non-European polities, including Indigenous peoples, appear as passive
objects of domination.15 The asymmetries of power involved in the colonization process, the
forms of agency that Indigenous peoples have taken face to the colonizing project and its
linkages with international law have been vastly diverse. Not only the term ‘Indigenous
peoples’ encompasses widely heterogenous and dynamic groups of people, but it has a broader
meaning when considered in historical perspective. Certainly, the task of revealing these
agencies in ‘the dialectic of the global and the local,’16 requires a deep understanding of the

11

Fassbender, 2012, p.3
Anghie, 2004; French, 2013, pp.326-346
13
Becker, 2012, p.5.
14
Fassbender, 2012, p.4
15
Ibid.
16
Ibid., p.8
12

5

colonial encounters in a case-to-case basis, as well as accessing histories that have, precisely,
being largely ignored or undocumented. Therefore, there is an effort to highlight Indigenous
voices and consider the extent to which international law ‘fits’ or ‘matches’ Indigenous
peoples’ aspirations.
The present thesis discusses both legal and complementary sources, as well as diverse academic
works. It concentrates mostly on the developments within the UN system, including, primarily,
the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP, 2007), the
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR, 1966), and ILO Convention No.
169 Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention.

1.3.

Limitations

Indigenous peoples, territories and struggles are widely heterogeneous. The use of the term in
the present thesis shall be regarded as ‘strategic,’ relative to groups of peoples united by
political claims that “stem largely from a shared desire to address historical and ongoing
injustices committed in the name of imperialism, colonialism, and other forms of domination
perpetuated around the world.”17 Furthermore, the legal status of Indigenous peoples is strongly
case-dependent. Most of the jurisprudence and legal developments regarding Indigenous
peoples’ rights have advanced in regional and national contexts. The present work has highly
focused on the development within the UN and UN treaty body jurisprudence, considering its
relevance for the early development of Indigenous rights, as well as for the notion of
sustainable development. This choice necessarily omits a vast arrange of elaborations on the
matter, particularly the rich jurisprudence on the rights of Indigenous Peoples produced within
the Inter-American System of Human Rights.
On its part, the notion of sustainable development encompasses a broad arrange of knowledge
and legal documents that are impossible to attain for a single researcher. Thus, current debates
or important documents may have been omitted. Due to the very nature of the topic,
encompassing three different areas of international law, the present thesis captures an overview
of the most important debates on the matter, rather than a detailed and extensive doctrinal
analysis of current standards. Instead, there is an effort to provide a broad picture of how
Indigenous peoples claims are progressively being incorporated at the intersections of

17

6

Woons, 2014, p.10

international human rights law, environmental law and, to some extent economic law, and how
the process of incorporation or integration may impact their historical assertion of selfdetermination.

7

2. SELF-DETERMINING PEOPLES

2.1.

Indigenous Self-determination

Indigenous peoples are gaining increased visibility in the assertion of self-determination. It is
now commonly acknowledged within international settings that Indigenous peoples have the
right to self-determination, irrespective of their position with regards to the state(s). In this
regard, the common discourse explains that ‘Indigenous peoples’ issues’ gained particular
resonance in international law around the 1990s, with the joint work of a strengthened
international Indigenous movement and the advocacy of the United Nations (UN). Since then,
there have been growing efforts to frame their aspirations in the language of human rights,
often epitomized with the adoption of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP, 2007). UNDRIP is not only the most comprehensive
international instrument on Indigenous peoples’ rights but is in itself considered ‘a response
and tool against discrimination.’18 According to its article 43, the standards contained therein
“constitute the minimum standards for the survival, dignity and well-being of the indigenous
peoples of the world.”19
UNDRIP condemned the doctrines, policies and practices that advocated superiority on
discriminatory bases, and recognized that Indigenous peoples suffered historical injustices,
particularly resulting from colonization and land dispossession.20 It declared that Indigenous
peoples “are equal to all other peoples, while recognizing the right of all peoples to be different,
to consider themselves different, and to be respected as such.”21 It reaffirmed that Indigenous
peoples are entitled to all human rights, while possessing collective rights “indispensable for
their existence, well-being and integral development as peoples.”22 It specified that Indigenous
peoples’ rights “derive from their political, economic and social structures and from their
cultures, spiritual traditions, histories and philosophies.”23 The extensive participation of
Indigenous representatives in drafting UNDRIP further evidenced a rupture in the historical
patterns of exclusion of non-state actors from international lawmaking.

18

Charters & Stavenhangen, 2009, p.10
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, 2007, Art. 43
20
Ibid., Preamble, paras. 5-7
21
Ibid., Preamble, para. 2
22
Ibid., Preamble, para. 23
23
Ibid., Preamble, para. 8
19

8

Though there is no agreement regarding the extent of UNDRIP’s normative weight, there is
strong support for the view that it articulates universal human rights as applicable to Indigenous
peoples. Its consistency with the existing body of international human rights law, coupled with
the notions of effective equality and non-discrimination, has further led some to argue that
UNDRIP reflects customary international law.24 Irrespective of whether one assumes this
position, UNDRIP enjoys a great degree of legitimacy, as it resulted from a 23-year
negotiation, was adopted with overwhelming support, and was “drafted with the rights-holders
themselves.”25 Despite its non-binding character, UNDRIP has been increasingly invoked by
national courts and regional bodies.26 The Member States of the General Assembly (UNGA)
also reaffirmed recently their support for UNDRIP in the high-level plenary meeting known as
First World Conference on Indigenous Peoples (WCIP, 2014).27
With the same words of common article 1 of the two International Human Rights Covenants,
UNDRIP declared that Indigenous peoples have the right to self-determination, which entitles
them to “freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and
cultural development.”28 The latter constituted a historical landmark, as the right of ‘peoples’
to self-determination is typically understood to be realized through statehood, equating its
subject –the peoples– to states. While the right under UNDRIP does not entitles Indigenous
peoples to statehood, no other socio-political formation (aside from the states) has been
recognized as ‘peoples’ for international legal purposes. However, Article 46 clarifies that the
understanding of Indigenous peoples as ‘peoples’ entitled to self-determination may not be
interpreted “as authorizing or encouraging any action which would dismember or impair,
totally or in part, the territorial integrity or political unity of sovereign and independent
States.”29
On its part, the only legally binding instrument that specifically addresses Indigenous peoples’
rights, namely, Convention No. 169 of the International Labor Organization (ILO) on

24

Åhren, 2016, p.77;
Tauli-Corpuz 2007, para.2
26
Belize, Botswana, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Guatemala, Kenya, Mexico, the Russian Federation; IACHRSaramaka People v Suriname, 32, 2
27
Outcome document World Conference on Indigenous Peoples, A/RES/69/2, paras. 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 20, 21, 27, 29,
30, 32, 40
28
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), 1966, Art. 1; International Covenant on
Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR), 1996, Art. 1; UNDRIP, 2007, Art. 3
29
UNDRIP 2007, Article 46
25

9

Indigenous and Tribal Peoples (1989),30 makes no references to self-determination. Even
more, it clarified that the use of the term peoples for the purposes of the Convention was “not
to be construed as having any implications as regards the rights which may attach to the term
under international law.”31 Therefore, it excluded interpretations that would entitle Indigenous
peoples to the right to self-determination as contained in ICCPR and ICESCR. In this sense,
under a strict view, the right to Indigenous self-determination is first dependent on whether
UNDRIP is considered customary international law.
As regards to its content, Indigenous self-determination is primarily articulated through forms
of autonomy and self-government, while safeguarding the territorial integrity or political unity
of the states. According to UNDRIP, in the exercise of self-determination, Indigenous peoples
have “the right to autonomy or self-government in matters relating to their internal and local
affairs, as well as ways and means for financing their autonomous functions.”32 The
maintenance of their distinct institutions is considered not conflict with their “right to
participate fully, if they so choose, in the political, economic, social and cultural life of the
State.”33 In fact, the emphasis is put on the creation, maintenance and strengthening of
Indigenous distinct institutions within the State’s borders and structures.34 Therefore, the right
is often operationalized through institutional and administrative arrangements that ‘authorize’
different degrees of Indigenous local autonomy and participation in decision-making
processes, “through representatives chosen by themselves in accordance with their own
procedures.”35 The latter involves the right to “determine their own identity or membership in
accordance with their customs and traditions.”36
In addition, aside from the general right to effective participation in decision-making processes,
Indigenous self-determination implies the rights to Consultation and to Free, Prior and
Informed Consent (FPIC). Before adopting or implementing legislative or administrative
measures that may affect Indigenous peoples, states have the duty to “consult and cooperate in

30

ILO Convention No 169 attempted to recognize Indigenous peoples’ aspirations ‘to exercise control over their
own institutions, ways of life, and economic development.’ Convention No. 169 remains the only legally binding
instrument specifically addressing Indigenous peoples. Three decades after opening for ratification, it has only
been ratified by 23 States. According to ILO’s statistics, about 75% of Indigenous peoples continue to fall outside
the protection of the Convention.
31
ILO C169, 1989, Arts. 1 (2) and 1 (3)
32
UNDRIP, 2007, Art. 4
33
Ibid., Art. 5
34
Ibid., Arts. 5, 20, 34
35
Ibid., Art. 18
36
Ibid., Art. 33 (1)
10

good faith with the indigenous peoples concerned through their own representative institutions
in order to obtain their free, prior and informed consent.”37 Convention No. 169 also recognizes
the right “to consultation, in good faith, with the objective of achieving agreement or consent
in legislative or administrative measures that may affect them, as well as in the formulation of
national and regional development plans.”38 According to ILO, the purpose of consultation is
obtaining agreement or consent, but the latter must not be seen as an independent requirement,
therefore does not provide Indigenous peoples with ‘a veto right’39. However, ILO has also
explained that “a simple information meeting, where indigenous peoples could be heard
without having any possibility of influencing decision-making, cannot be considered as
complying with the provisions of the Convention.”40 In this context, the presumption of good
faith is emphasized.
Consultation and FPIC are particularly stressed when conducting projects related to Indigenous
lands, territories and resources traditionally owned, occupied or otherwise used or acquired,41
and when the decisions may affect Indigenous peoples’ means of subsistence, or their rights to
engage freely in traditional and other cultural, political and economic activities.42 According
to UNDRIP, “Indigenous peoples deprived of their means of subsistence and development are
entitled to just and fair redress.”43 In addition, the right to consultation “is not limited to the
right to react to externally initiated or imposed measures.”44 That is, consultation is to be
understood in relation to the notion of active participation, which also involves the possibility
for Indigenous peoples to propose measures, programs and activities in exercise of control over
their economic, social and cultural development. In this sense, participation is extended to “the
formulation, implementation and evaluation of plans and programmes for national and regional
development which may affect them directly.”45
The right to “own, use, develop and control the lands, territories and resources that they
possess”46 is also of significant importance for the realization of the right to self-determination.
Indigenous territories hold the material, symbolic and spiritual elements necessary for

37

Ibid., Arts. 19, 32 (2); CERD General Recommendation No. 23, 4
ILO C 169, 1989, Art 6 (2)
39
ILO Handbook, 2013, p.16
40
Ibid.
41
UNDRIP, 2007, Arts. 32 (2), 26 (1)
42
Ibid.Art. 20 (1)
43
Ibid.Art 20 (2)
44
ILO Handbook, 2013, p.19
45
ILO C 169, 1989, Art 7 (1)
46
UNDRIP, 2007, Art. 26 (2)
38

11

guaranteeing the reproduction of their lives, cultures, and governance systems. Convention No.
169 is the only treaty that refers specifically to the right to land, territories and natural
resources. Part II of the Convention, from Articles 13 to 19, are dedicated to the matter,
recognizing the spiritual value, collective character, and ‘special importance’ of land,
territories, and natural resources for Indigenous peoples. Article 13 provides that,
1. Governments shall respect the special importance for the cultures and spiritual values
of the peoples concerned of their relationship with the lands or territories, or both as
applicable, which they occupy or otherwise use, and in particular the collective aspects
of this relationship.
2. The use of the term lands in Articles 15 and 16 shall include the concept of territories,
which covers the total environment of the areas which the peoples concerned occupy
or otherwise use.

The spiritual relationship to land and territories denotes that, further than means of economic
subsistence, Indigenous territories are the source of their spiritual, cultural and social identity.
Convention No. 169 emphasizes that the terms ‘lands’, as related to Indigenous peoples, should
be understood to include the concept of territories, “which covers the total environment of the
areas which the peoples concerned occupy or otherwise use.”47 Recognition of the
interconnectedness between culture, land, and territories, in a collective sense, as well as the
notions of ‘traditional’ ownership, occupation, use or acquisition, distances the terms from the
common understanding of an individual right to property. As explained in Article 14,
1. The rights of ownership and possession of the peoples concerned over the lands
which they traditionally occupy shall be recognised. In addition, measures shall be
taken in appropriate cases to safeguard the right of the peoples concerned to use lands
not exclusively occupied by them, but to which they have traditionally had access for
their subsistence and traditional activities. Particular attention shall be paid to the
situation of nomadic peoples and shifting cultivators in this respect.
2. Governments shall take steps as necessary to identify the lands which the peoples
concerned traditionally occupy, and to guarantee effective protection of their rights of
ownership and possession.
3. Adequate procedures shall be established within the national legal system to resolve
land claims by the peoples concerned.

Moreover, Convention No.169 declared the right to use, manage and conserve the resources of
these lands; the establishment of penalties for unauthorized intrusion; measures for the
protection and environmental preservation of these territories; and the right not to be removed
from their territories unless considered an exceptional measure, in which case it requires

47

ILO C 169, Article 13 (2), 14

12

Indigenous peoples’ free and informed consent.48 In cases in which the State retains ownership
of mineral or subsurface resources, the Convention provides that consultation is required, and
Indigenous peoples shall participate in the benefits of such activities and/or receive
compensations for damages.49
Furthermore, the right to self-determination involves safeguarding Indigenous peoples’ life and
cultural integrity. As expressed in UNDRIP, the right to life not only includes individual
‘physical and mental integrity, liberty and security of person’, but also, the collective right to
‘live in freedom, peace and security as distinct peoples.’50 In this regard, Indigenous peoples
have first, the right “not to be subjected to forced assimilation, integration, racial or ethnic
discrimination, or destruction of their culture.”51 Second, there must be positive measures that
allow Indigenous peoples to practice and revitalize their cultures; maintain, control, protect and
develop their cultural heritage, traditional knowledge, sciences and technologies; and practice,
develop and teach their spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies.52 Since the
latter includes the protection of Indigenous peoples’ spiritual relationship to lands, territories
and resources, guaranteeing access to, effective possession and control of their lands, including
prevention from dispossession or forced population transfers, are also necessary measures in
the protection of Indigenous peoples physical and cultural integrity, and therefore, their selfdetermination.53 As expressed in HCR General Comment No. 23, the right to enjoy a particular
culture “may consist in a way of life which is closely associated with territory and use of its
resources, particularly in the case of Indigenous peoples.”54
It is noteworthy that the right to culture in the case of Indigenous peoples is differentiated from
the general requirements of non-discrimination55 and to equality before the law and equal
protection of the law,56 which apply to “all individuals within the territory or under the
jurisdiction of the State whether or not those persons belong to a minority.”57 According to
General Comment No. 23 the protection of rights considered under article 27 “is directed
towards ensuring the survival and continued development of the cultural, religious and social

48

Ibid., Arts 15 (1), 18 and 16 (1), (2) and Art 7 (4), respectively
Ibid., Article 15 (2)
50
UNDRIP, Art. 7
51
Ibid., Art. 8
52
Ibid., Arts. 11, 12
53
Ibid., Art. 25, 31
54
HRC, General Comment No. 23, 3.2., 7
55
ICCPR, 1966, Art 2.1.
56
ICCPR, 1966, Art 26
57
HRC General Comment No. 23, 4.1., 2
49

13

identity of the minorities concerned.”58 Therefore, it implies positive measures that may be
legitimate as long as they are “aimed at correcting conditions which prevent or impair the
enjoyment of the rights guaranteed under article 27[,] provided that they are based on
reasonable and objective criteria.”59 As expressed in CERD General Recommendation No. 14
on the definition of racial discrimination, “differentiation of treatment will not constitute
discrimination if the criteria for such differentiation, judged against the objectives and purposes
of the Convention, are legitimate.”60
In addition, the right to Indigenous self-determination may be expressed through an external
dimension without secession. According to UNDRIP, Indigenous peoples have the right “to
maintain and develop contacts, relations and cooperation […] with their own members as well
as other peoples across borders.”61 Despite particularly intended for Indigenous peoples
divided by international borders, the provision does not exclude contacts, relations and
cooperation with ‘other peoples.’ In fact, their increasing participation in international bodies
and institutions such as the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (EMRIP),
the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFII) or the Human Rights Council (HRC),
may be understood as expressions of this right.62 Additionally, Indigenous peoples have the
right “to the recognition, observance and enforcement of treaties, agreements and other
constructive arrangements concluded with States or their successors.”63 According to
UNDRIP’s preambular considerations, this is considered “the basis for a strengthened
partnership between indigenous peoples and States.”64
The latter provisions, as well as the overall negotiation process and adoption of UNDRIP,
marked an important shift in dominant international legal doctrine. The Declaration is often
described as a ‘groundbreaking achievement’ or ‘milestone’ in international human rights law.
In fact, Indigenous peoples’ rights are frequently highlighted for their transformative effects
within the discipline. The recognition of the term ‘peoples’ as entailing actors other than the

58

Ibid., 9
Ibid., 6.2.
60
ICERD General Recommendation No. 14, 114; Despite the CERD Convention does not refer to Indigeneity,
the Committee highlighted in General Recommendation 24 (1999) concerning Article 1 that ICERD “relates to
all persons who belong to different races, national or ethnic groups or to indigenous peoples.” Moreover, the
CERD has emphasized the need of special measures directed at tackling structural and systemic discrimination to
ensure their equal enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms, which should not be confused with
Indigenous peoples’ rights as such.
61
UNDRIP, 2007, Art. 36 (1)
62
Charters, C. & Stavenhagen, R., 2009, p.125
63
UNDRIP, 2007, Art. 37
64
Ibid., Preamble para. 15
59

14

states for international legal purposes, and the advancement of collective rights are the most
prominent examples. Following UNDRIP, the American Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples, a non-binding instrument adopted by the OAS General Assembly in 2016,
also enshrined the right to Indigenous self-determination in the same terms of the Declaration.65
In some countries, diverse institutional arrangements and domestic legislative measures have
been made to ensure certain levels of Indigenous autonomy and self-government, the
maintenance of distinct institutions, and the creation of participation mechanisms with the
overall objective of advancing Indigenous rights.66
However, the realization of Indigenous self-determination largely depends on whether and how
States recognize the right.67 They continue denouncing “the tendency of indigenous
governance structures to take on a corporate form within a Western regulatory framework.”68
Whereas the recognition of Indigenous self-determination in UNDRIP may not be
underestimated, international law still fundamentally protects the State’s discretion to decide
how to understand and allow Indigenous self-determination. However, acknowledging the
difficulties involved in the realization of Indigenous self-determination is not an attempt to
‘return to an unattainable past.’69 Rather, it is an effort to resist falling into the ‘unreflective
pragmatism’ described by Koskenniemi: “the implicit assumption that the problems of theory
are non-problems and that the sociological and normative issues of world order can be best
treated by closely sticking to one’s doctrinal task of analysing valid law.”70 Challenging the
‘linear and triumphal’ narrative of human rights allows us to engage with its complexities.
Therefore, it is imperative to continue to historicize legal concepts, highlight absences in its
discourses and try to engage with what gets lost in translation.

2.2.

The Historical Legality of Indigenous Dispossession, Exploitation and
Assimilation

65

American Declaration On The Rights Of Indigenous Peoples, 2016, AG/RES. 2888 (XLVI-O/16)
See: IWGIA (2018) Indigenous Peoples’ rights to autonomy and self-government as a manifestation of the right
to self-determination on the operationalization of the rights to autonomy and self-government in Bolivia, Chile,
Peru, Colombia, Panama, Mexico, Canada, Greenland, Sápmi, Russia (Yakutia), Nepal, India, Philippines and
Kenya.
67
Efforts to implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples: indigenous peoples
and the right to self-determination. Draft report of the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples,
2021, A/HRC/EMRIP/2021/2, 43
68
Ibid.
69
Woons, 2014, p.10
70
Koskenniemi, 2009, p.
66

15

Early international law echoed the practices and views of European powers throughout colonial
encounters and the rise of nation-states. Whereas international law is conceived as concerning
inter-state relations, first theorists attempted in fact to outline principles governing relations
with non-states. In the effort to ‘organize the world’ through law, many engaged in the task of
elucidating their legal ties with Indigenous peoples and non-European worlds. Initial concerns
with the legality and morality of colonization are often illustrated with the works on the
legitimacy of Spanish colonialism by Bartolomé De las Casas and Francisco De Vitoria.
According to Anaya, De las Casas was “an ardent defender of the peoples indigenous to the
Western Hemisphere who became known to the world as (the other) Indians.”71 The missionary
opposed the enslavement and massacre of Indigenous people and was acutely critical of the
encomienda system, which granted Indigenous lands and labor to Spanish settlers.72
De Vitoria, on its part, was primarily concerned with inferring the legal and normative
parameters that governed relations with Indigenous peoples under natural law. Based on the
notion of cultural difference, he argued that ‘Indians’ possessed reason and were, therefore,
bound to the universal law of jus gentium.73 In this sense, he situated Indigenous peoples as
international legal subjects with rights, including forms of land property.74 However, in De
Vitoria’s view, Indigenous peoples who ‘opposed Christianity or impeded colonial trade and
land exploitation,’ failed to comply with the ‘universal standards’ they were bound to –thus
being in violation of international law.75 In consequence, the ‘disciplinary measures of war’
were justified, “directed towards effacing Indian identity and replacing it with the universal
identity of the Spanish.”76
De Vitoria’s rationalization was also supported by the argument that Indigenous peoples were
incapable of sovereignty and self-government. Despite considering them ‘rational enough’ to
be bound by the law of jus gentium, De Vitoria claimed Indigenous peoples were “unfit to
found or administer a lawful State up to the standard required by human and civil claims.”77
The shared humanity between Indigenous and European peoples under De Vitoria’s theory was
only stretched enough as to unilaterally bound them to his own ‘universal’ law, merely to

71

Anaya, 1996, p.10
Ibid.
73
Anghie, 2004; Ahren 2016
74
Merino, 2021, p.130; Marks, 1991.
75
Merino, 2021, p.130
76
Åhrén, 2016, p.9
77
Francisco de Victoria, De indis et de ivre belli relectiones (Classics of International Law Series, 1917), quoted
in Anaya, 1996, p.11
72

16

subsequently announce Indigenous peoples’ alleged lack of civilization, thus justifying the
need for corrective measures. The latter allowed De Vitoria to defend the ‘legitimate
administration’ of Indigenous territories by Spaniards, “so long as this was clearly for their
benefit.”78 The characterization of Indigenous peoples as subjects of law in need of attunement
to their ‘universal obligations’ was replicated by other important theorists of the time.79
Following the Peace of Westphalia (1648), it was the notion of sovereignty which served both
to halt religious wars in Europe, and to direct and justify violence towards societies
‘insufficiently similar’ to themselves.80 As constitutive discourse and practice, the sovereignty
doctrine rationalized the primacy of the (European) nation-state and its law-making
prerogative. The universal code of natural law was transformed “into a bifurcated regime
comprised of the natural rights of individuals and the natural rights of states.”81 In line with the
individual/state dichotomy, the Treaty of Westphalia “triggered the decoupling of property
from territory, meaning that territory was conceived as the spatial and political extent of a
sovereign state whereas individuals could only hold limited property rights over cultivated and
improved land.”82 Since non-European societies were, by definition, non-States, they were
excluded from international law, both as its objects or subjects.
First, those outside the borders of the newly constituted nation-states were invisibilized by legal
doctrine, and their territories appeared as lands without a sovereign. According to the terra
nullius doctrine, a territory was to be considered uninhabited for international legal purposes
if not under the authority of a (European) sovereign, for which the doctrines of discovery,
occupation, conquest and/or cession came into place.83 Second, while claimed incapable of
being sovereign or self-governing, non-European peoples came into being as legal subjects,
only when subjected to a sovereign’s power: they could only appear as (legal) subjects of
domination. In this scenario, the legitimacy of land ownership was conceived under limited
property rights, and therefore granted in accordance to productivity. The British and Spanish
crowns, for instance, recognized some forms of collective or communal Indigenous property
only insofar as they implemented maximum cultivation and land improvement practices.84

78

Francisco de Victoria, De indis et de ivre belli relectiones (Classics of International Law Series, 1917), quoted
in Anaya, 1996, p.11
79
Anaya 1996, pp.11-23
80
Ibid., p.10
81
Anaya 1996, p.13
82
Merino 2021, p.129
83
Åhrén 2016, p.16; Anghie 2004, p.82; Merino 2021, p.129
84
Merino 2021, p.129
17

Otherwise, the lack of an exploitative relationship to land would justify settler’s dispossession
under the notion of private property, thus causing either dispossession of Indigenous territories
or the destruction of their livelihood systems.
Classical liberal theory rationalized the latter by arguing that the sovereign’s power emanated
from the free consent of the governed. Anaya notes that Vattel, for instance, conceptualized
the state as ‘free, independent and equal’ in line with the rights of its individual constituents:
the state’s sovereignty appears as a “means of maximizing the interests of the corresponding
nation.”85 However, neither European nor Indigenous peoples freely consented to adhere to the
emergent nation-states. Rather than expressing the will of individuals who ‘freely and
deliberately’ agreed to be governed by a sovereign, the consolidation of the Westphalian
system of states was largely a product of territorial control and military power, that suppressed
multiple nations.86 Coercion was not only an acceptable practice within international law, but
the power to acquire control over alien territories and peoples was precisely one of the distinct
features and exclusive rights of sovereignty holders. As sovereignty was presumed to embody
indistinctively territorial unity/control, nationhood and statehood, the doctrine served to order
territory and its inhabitants, while erasing the multiplicity of nations, ethnicities or groupings
entangled in these creations.
With the rise of positivism, the idea that international law was exclusively concerned with the
rights and duties of states displaced the question of Indigenous peoples’ status under
international law.87 However, the differentiation between the ‘civilized’ and ‘uncivilized’
continued to legitimize Indigenous subjugation. The latter may be best exemplified in Chapters
on the Principles of International Law (1894), in which Westlake maintained that,
When people of the European race come into contact with American or African tribes,
the prime necessity is a government under the protection of which the former may carry
on the complex life to which they have been accustomed in their homes, which may
prevent that life from being disturbed by contests between different European powers
for supremacy on the same soil, and which may protect the natives in the enjoyment of
a security and well-being at least not less than they enjoyed before the arrival of the
strangers. 88

In justification of colonialism, or ‘supremacy on the soil’, Westlake recognizes that ‘American
or African tribes’ have ‘complex lives in their homes,’ and that they enjoyed certain security

85

Anaya 1996, p.15
Åhrén 2016, p.11; Anghie 2004, p.72
87
Anaya 1996, p.19
88
Westlake, Chapters on the Principles of International Law (1894), quoted by Anaya, 1996, p.20
86

18

and well-being before the arrival of ‘strangers’. However, he states, after contact with European
peoples, Indigenous peoples’ prime necessity is a government capable of protecting them from
the ‘disturbances’ caused by ‘contests’ between European powers. In other words, since
European powers are battling for supremacy over the land, Indigenous peoples need a
government capable of protecting them from such battles. Then he asks,
Can the natives furnish such a government, or can it be looked for from the Europeans
alone? In the answer to that question lies, for international law, the difference between
civilisation and want of it… The inflow of the white race cannot be stopped where there
is land to cultivate, ore to be mined, commerce to be developed, sport to enjoy, curiosity
to be satisfied.89

Westlake answers that only a European government can protect Indigenous peoples from
‘unstoppable civilization’, by assuming sovereignty over their peoples and territories, therefore
bringing them into ‘civilization’ (which Indigenous peoples are in want of). Whereas Westlake
relates ‘civilization’ to the ‘inflow of white race’ wherever there is land, ore, commerce, sports
or curiosity, he also places civilization as the capacity of a government to protect its peoples
from foreign intervention –a (military) power which only Europeans possess. The argument to
justify European sovereignty over Indigenous peoples and territories is that only Europeans
can build a government capable to protect them from (the unstoppable) Europeans themselves:
because only we can, and we will not stop.
As Westlake finally adds,
If any fanatical admirer of savage life argued that the whites ought to be kept out, he
would only be driven to the same conclusion by another route, for a government on the
spot would be necessary to keep them out. Accordingly international law has to treat
such natives as uncivilised.90

Westlake argues that a government is necessary to keep ‘the whites’ out from Indigenous
territories, but such government cannot be Indigenous peoples themselves. Again, the argument
is that, since Indigenous peoples cannot be sovereigns or self-governing, European
colonization and ‘treating Indigenous peoples as uncivilized’, is necessary for their own sake.
The latter view prevailed throughout the 19th century, most of the 20th century and, arguably in
many cases, until today.
In 1923, Deskaheh of the Haudenosaunean, Cayuga Chief, traveled to Geneva and appealed to
the League of Nations but was denied entrance. Deskaheh represented the Mohawk, the

89
90

Ibid.
Ibid.

19

Oneida, the Onondaga, the Cayuga, the Seneca and the Tuscarora, united under the Six Nations
of the Iroquois Confederacy. The Iroquois prepared a Letter to the League’s Secretary General,
known as ‘The Redman’s Appeal for Justice,’91 claiming recognition of their sovereignty and
seeking membership in the League of Nations to resolve a dispute with Great Britain and
Canada:
Under the authority vested in the undersigned, the Speaker of the Council and the Sole
Deputy by choice of the Council composed of forty-two chiefs, of the Six Nations of
the Iroquois, being a state within the purview and meaning of Article 17 of the Covenant
of the League of Nations, but not being at present a member of the League, I, the
undersigned, pursuant to the said authority, do hereby bring to the notice of the League
of Nations that a dispute and disturbance of peace has arisen between the State of the
Six Nations of the Iroquois on the one hand and the British Empire and Canada, being
Members of the League, on the other.92

They Six Nations explained that,
The constituent members of the State of the Six Nations of the Iroquois […] now are,
and have been for many centuries, organized and self-governing peoples, respectively,
within domains of their own, and united in the oldest League of Nations, the League of
the Iroquois, for the maintenance of mutual peace […] they being justly entitled to the
same recognition by all other peoples.93

The Letter referred to an ‘open alliance’ sustained with Great Britain over 120 years;
agreements of protection and recompenses; treaties signed between the Six Nations and the
Dutch, French, and British; and the continued recognition of independence of the Six Nations
by Great Britain,94 which strongly opposed the petition of Deskaheh to speak at the League.
The colonial power argued that support for Deskaheh constituted an interference in domestic
affairs, and that there was a need to stop the assertion of nationhood by Indigenous peoples.95
Whereas the League refused to hear Deskaheh, the Cayuga later submitted a case to
international arbitration. In Cayuga Indians (Great Britain) v. United States (1926), the tribunal
held that the Cayuga were ‘not a legal unit of international law’, that they ‘have never been so
regarded’, and that “from the time of the discovery of America the Indian tribes have been
treated as under the exclusive protection of the power which by discovery or conquest or
cession held the land which they occupied.”96 The tribunal further argued that the ‘sole judge’

91

The Redman’s Appeal for Justice, 1923, 1
Ibid.
93
Ibid., 3
94
Ibid., 4, 6, 7, 8, 16
95
Venne, 2011, pp.558-559
96
Cayuga Indians (Great Britain) v. United States, 1926, p.177
92

20

of relations with ‘the tribes’ has always been the power which has sovereignty over the land,
the rights acquired by discovery being exclusive.97
Around this time, at the beginning of the 1920s, the International Labor Organization (ILO)
started to be growingly concerned with the continued exploitation, marginalization and
discriminatory working conditions that particularly affected Indigenous peoples.98 In fact,
according to the organization, the “discrimination and exploitation of indigenous and tribal
workers directly inspired the adoption of labour standards, such as the ILO Forced Labour
Convention, 1930 (No. 29)”.99 In 1957, ILO became the first modern international institution
to adopt, on behalf of the UN system, an international treaty specifically concerning Indigenous
peoples. For the first time, Convention No. 107 on the Protection and Integration of Indigenous
and Other Tribal and Semi-Tribal Populations deplored that Indigenous peoples “did not
benefit from the rights and advantages enjoyed by other elements of the population”100, and
reiterated the right of all human beings “to pursue both their material well-being and their
spiritual development in conditions of freedom and dignity, of economic security and equal
opportunity.”101
Noteworthily, ILO Convention No. 107 mentioned the right of Indigenous peoples to collective
or individual ownership of the lands they traditionally occupy, and the right not to be removed
from their territories without their free consent.102 However, it also provided that forced
removal could occur in cases relating national security, health concerns, or in the interest of
the national economic development103 –the latter being a typical justification for dispossession.
In general, ILO Convention No. 107 promoted the integration of Indigenous Peoples within
majoritarian societies through measures related to education, the improvement of working
conditions, social security, and economic assistance.104 Instead of recognizing Indigenous
peoples as distinct societies, its general objective was to achieve their successful assimilation
into dominant societies. Convention No. 107 is now closed for ratification but remains in force
in seventeen countries.105

97

Ibid.
ILO, 2013, p.xi
99
Ibid., p.4, emphasis added
100
ILO C107 Indigenous and Tribal Populations Convention, 1957, Preamble, para. 5
101
Ibid., Preamble, para. 6
102
Ibid., Arts. 11, 12, emphasis added
103
Ibid., Art 12
104
Ibid., Arts. 2 (c), 4, 6, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20
105
Angola, Bangladesh, Belgium, Cuba, Dominican Republic, Egypt, El Salvador, Ghana, Guinea - Bissau, Haiti,
India, Iraq, Malawi, Pakistan, Panama, Syria and Tunisia.
98

21

Further than concerning the legal relations between states, international law long endorsed the
dispossession, exploitation and assimilation of Indigenous peoples. In the task of regulating
non-European worlds, the first commonly known international law theorists argued in favor of
dominance over Indigenous peoples and territories in different ways. Be it by recognizing
Indigenous peoples as subjects of rights failing to comply with their universal obligations; by
denying they were capable of sovereignty or self-government; by condemning their lack of an
exploitative relationship to land; or by excluding them from statehood because their alleged
lacked of civilization, these all concluded that Indigenous peoples ought to be colonized for
their own sake. While the rationality of power has been historically related to the consent of
the governed, the consolidation of the nation-state was in the practice a result of military power
and territorial control, which then suppressed alternative nationhood.
By the beginning of the 20th century, the Six Nations of the Iroquois Confederacy attempted to
employ international law to claim recognition of their sovereignty, their historical governance
systems, and the treaties signed with different colonial powers. However, they were denied the
right to speak at the League of Nations, and a posterior arbitration case defended that
Indigenous peoples have never being a concern of international law, and that Indigenous
peoples have always being under the exclusive protection of the power that discovered,
conquered or acquired them by cession. The emergence of the nation-state, the sovereignty
doctrine and the (legal) dispossession, exploitation and assimilation of Indigenous peoples
were mutually constitutive. The argument that domination is necessary for Indigenous peoples’
own benefit has long prevailed. In fact, despite progressive at its time, ILO Convention No.
107 has been now condemned for its assimilationist character, yet it remains in force in
seventeen countries.

2.3.

Third World Self-Determination and the Limits of Decolonization

Self-determination within international law is commonly linked to the territorial reorganization
of Eastern Europe after the First World War, when it functioned as an ad hoc principle for the
fragmentation of the German, Austro-Hungarian, and Ottoman empires. The American (1775)
and French (1799) revolutions have also been analyzed as early expressions of the idea of selfdetermination of nations or peoples. The concept broadly relates to the free assertion of a
‘peoples will’ in determining their overall collective organization, including their political,
economic, social, cultural and further related systems. Therefore, the notion of self-

22

determination has also been employed to challenge foreign domination or the legitimacy of
governments, commonly related to democratic ideals of governance. The free consent of the
governed as basis for sovereignty and the notion of ‘just power’ are inextricably linked to the
idea of self-determination.
After the First World war, the colonial character of international law became increasingly
questioned. Jurists of the League of Nations recognized that previous approaches “had
endorsed, if not authored, a system of international law that sanctioned conquest and
exploitation.”106 Despite not incorporated in the League of Nations Covenant nor having a
strong legal status, self-determination appeared as a fundamental concept in the efforts to
reform the discipline’s colonial character. However, albeit acknowledging the harmful effects
of colonialism, none of the developments at the time challenged the legitimacy of colonial
administrations. On the contrary, “treaties and traditional doctrines continued to be considered
binding despite recognition of their colonial character, and that they were unequal and achieved
by force.”107
The Åland Islands Case (1920) early illustrated some of the ambiguities within the notion.
Following Finland’s independence (1917), Ålanders claimed self-determination to demand
integration with Sweden. Finland argued this was an exclusive domestic matter, while Sweden
demanded respect for the wishes of Ålanders. The case was taken to the League of Nations and
constituted a precedent-setting case for the peaceful resolution of international disputes. The
appointed International Committee of Jurists considered that, if self-determination was “not
possessed by a large or small section of a nation, neither can it be held by the State.”108
Correspondingly, they argued, secession was not justified if the State guarantee[d] respect for
the cultural identity of minorities, for whom self-determination ought to be seen as a
“compromise, based on an extensive grant of liberty.”109 The Committee did not question
whether Ålanders were, in fact, part of the Finnish ‘nation’, but accorded them status as
minorities. Subsequently, it resolved to preserve Finland’s ‘incontestable’ sovereignty over the
islands (1921) by aligning the idea of a state’s right to self-determination with minority
protection.

106

Anghie, 2004, p.144
Anghie, 2004, p.168
108
Report of the International Committee of Jurists entrusted by the Council of the League of Nations with the
task of giving an advisory opinion upon the legal aspects of the Aaland Islands question, League of Nations,
October 1920, para.17, emphasis added
109
Ibid., para.24
107

23

With the adoption of the UN Charter (1945), the “principle of equal rights and selfdetermination of peoples” was established as principle and purpose of the UN, and as a basis
for peaceful and friendly relations among nations.110 In this context, the establishment of the
International Trusteeship System led to an increasing distinction between self-determination
as expressed in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, namely, a general principle applicable to all
‘nations and peoples’; and self-determination as relating the progressive attainment of ‘a full
measure of self-government’ of colonized peoples, contained in Article 73. Though selfdetermination was not explicitly mentioned in the latter, the responsibility “to develop and
assist the progressive achievement of self-government with due account of the political
aspirations of the peoples” was understood as an application of self-determination.111
In fact, subsequent UNGA resolutions, operating on the basis of Article 73 (e) on the duty to
transmit regular information on the decolonization process, explicitly examined the
communications “with particular emphasis on the right to self-determination.”112 Gradually,
the dominant interpretation of self-determination shifted from a political principle relating the
(re)construction of European states, to being primarily seen as a fundamental right entitled to
non-self-governing territories, in their achievement of independence. In 1950, the Draft
International Covenant on Human Rights already characterized self-determination as a
fundamental human right, despite not yet bindingly recognized.113 The Draft Covenant adopted
at UNGA’s fifth session, called upon the Economic and Social Council to request the
Commission on Human Rights “to study ways and means which would ensure the right of
peoples and nations to self-determination, and to prepare recommendations for consideration
by the General Assembly.”114
The concrete application of self-determination in the case of non-self-governing territories was
coupled with the principle of uti possidetis juris and the doctrine of recognition. Therefore, the

110

UN Charter, 1945, Arts. 1(2), 55
See: Repertory of Practice, Article 73 (1945-1954), paras. 1-8
112
Res. 742 (VIII) on the Factors which should be taken into account in deciding whether Territory is or is not a
Territory whose people have not yet attained a full measure of self-government, 1953, asserted that “each concrete
case should be considered and decided upon in the light of the particular circumstances of that case and taking
into account the right to self-determination of peoples” (para 4). Res. 848 (IX) (1954) recalled Res. 637 (B) on
the right to self-determination. Res. 850 (IX) (1954), expressed the opinion that “communications received from
Members concerned relating to the cessation of the transmission of information under Article 73 e of the Charter
in respect of any Non-Self-Governing Territory should be examined with particular emphasis on the manner in
which the right to self-determination has been attained and freely exercised” (para 1.)
113
UNGA Res. 421 (V)
114
Draft International Covenant on Human Rights and measures of implementation: future work of the
Commission on Human Rights, A/RES/421 (V), 6.
111

24

self-determination process of former colonies did not provide a territorial, political, or social
reorganization in recognition of the ‘peoples will’. According to uti possidetis, colonial borders
were to be maintained in the achievement of independence ‘for the sake of territorial
stability.’115 According to the doctrine of recognition, the emerging states had to fit a specific
geopolitical construct, determined by foreign powers, to be considered independent. In this
context, former colonial states engaged in nation-building processes that emulated the
Westphalian state model, often reproducing the civilizing mission within their borders.116
Diverse forms of assimilation, dispossession and control of minorities and Indigenous peoples
were replicated. Nation-building corresponded to “breaking down competing ethnic or cultural
bonds, a policy engaged in even by, or perhaps especially by, newly independent states.”117 In
many cases, the colonization of the ‘uninhabited lands’ of Indigenous peoples continued
through domestic intervention.
Paradoxically, coupling self-determination with uti possidetis juris and the doctrine of
recognition continued to reinforce the view that colonial rule was necessary to ensure the wellbeing of colonized peoples. In the Assembly’s 7th session, the Belgium delegate contended that
labor exploitation of Indigenous peoples was obsolete; and that colonialism should not be
confused with “the systematic exertions made by a highly developed people with the object of
helping backward indigenous peoples under its administration in their efforts towards political,
economic, social, and educational advancement.”118 According to the Delegate, this was “a
different and indeed contrary activity, based on the highest motives and entirely consistent with
the provisions of the Charter.”119 The resulting resolution on Racial Discrimination in NonSelf-Governing Territories sustained this view, asserting there was a “fundamental distinction
between discriminatory laws and practices, on the one hand, and protective measures designed
to safeguard the rights of the indigenous inhabitants.”120
By the Assembly’s 12th session (1957-1958), representatives of the emerging postcolonial
states continued to raise objections to the reiterative distinction between the status of
administering powers and other countries, as well as to the growingly restrictive interpretation

115

Åhrén, 2016, p.34
Anghie, 2004, p.10
117
Anaya, 1996, p.44
118
A/PV.392, 24-25
119
A/PV.392, 24-25
120
UNGA Res. 644 (VII) Racial discrimination in Non-Self-Governing Territories, Preamble, para. 3
116

25

of self-determination.121 Based on the notion of sovereign equality, they argued that “all States,
without exception, were expected to promote the realization of this right.”122 The critique
aimed to challenge the inequalities in bargaining power against formal sovereign equality.
Post-colonial peoples stressed that colonial powers were not entitled to decide how the
decolonization process should unfold. Advocates of this view also maintained that, despite
formal recognition, some members states were “still subject to international political and
economic domination [and were, therefore,] not entirely free to decide their own affairs.”123
The emerging ‘Third World’ states continued to use UNGA as a platform to argue that selfdetermination should apply ‘to all peoples deprived of the right,’ including countries other than
non-self-governing territories, minority groups ‘living under domestic dictatorship’ and,
generally, ‘dependent peoples everywhere.’124 In 1960, the Declaration on the Granting of
Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples (UNGA Res. 1514 (XV)) established the
normative basis for the independence of colonized territories and “solemnly proclaimed the
necessity of bringing to a speedy and unconditional end colonialism in all its forms and
manifestations.”125 Res. 1514 (XV) expressed self-determination as a right entitled to all
peoples,126 and declared that “the subjection of peoples to alien subjugation, domination and
exploitation constitute[d] a denial of fundamental human rights.”127 Significantly, the
resolution stressed that “inadequacy of political, economic, social or educational preparedness
should never serve as a pretext for delaying independence.”128 In line with the Westphalian
assumption of nation/territorial unity, Res. 1514 also provided that the ‘partial or total
disruption of the national unity and the territorial integrity of a country’ was incompatible with
the UN Charter.129
Later that year, Res 1541 (XV) declared that ‘a full measure of self-government’, i.e., selfdetermination, was to be achieved by (a) the emergence as a sovereign independent state; (b)
the free association with an independent State; or (c) integration with an independent State130

121

Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs, Supp. 2, vol. 1, Article 1(2) (Separate study), para. 72
Ibid., para. 72
123
Ibid., para.71
124
Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs, Supp. 2, vol. 1, Article 1(2) (Separate study), paras.71-72
125
Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, UNGA Res. 1514 (XV),
Preamble, 1960, para. 13
126
Ibid., Art. 2
127
Ibid., Art. 1
128
Ibid., Art. 3
129
Ibid., Art. 6
130
Ibid., Principle VI
122

26

–thus revealing an exclusively state-centered approach. As to the subjects of selfdetermination, ‘geographical separateness’ and ‘ethnic distinctness’ were listed as primary
factors in the determination of which territories were to be considered non-self-governing and
thus, entitled self-determination/independence.131 However, ‘ethnic distinctness’ or
geographical separateness were determined under uti possidetis and the recognition doctrine,
thus subordinated or implicated within territorial control, assumed to be a question of
minority’s representation, if any. In this sense, self-determination was entitled to peoples
already encompassed within the established (colonial) territorial borders. Post-colonial
countries were bound to maintain the colonial structures in achieving their independence.
In 1966, self-determination acquired legal force by treaty when inscribed the two International
Human Rights Covenants as a right. According to common Article 1 of the ICCPR and
ICESCR,
1. All peoples have the right of self-determination. By virtue of that right they freely
determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural
development.
2. All peoples may, for their own ends, freely dispose of their natural wealth and
resources without prejudice to any obligations arising out of international economic cooperation, based upon the principle of mutual benefit, and international law. In no case
may a people be deprived of its own means of subsistence.
3. The States Parties to the present Covenant, including those having responsibility for
the administration of Non-Self-Governing and Trust Territories, shall promote the
realization of the right of self-determination, and shall respect that right, in conformity
with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.132

In 1984, the Human Rights Committee (HRC) affirmed in General Comment No. 12 (1984)
clarified its view concerning self-determination. First, it affirmed the right as an “essential
condition for the effective guarantee and observance of individual human rights,”133 and
acknowledged its character as an inalienable right.134 With regards to paragraph 1, the HRC
mentioned that the exercise of the right is in the practice allowed through constitutional and
political processes.135 As to paragraph 2, it affirmed that self-determination contains an
economic aspect, entailing corresponding duties for all States and the international

131

UNGA Res. 742 (VIII), Annex: List of Factors, First Part, (B) (2) and Second Part, (A) (4); Res 1541 Principles
V and VI
132
ICCPR, 1966, Art 1; ICESCR, 1966, Art 1
133
HRC General Comment No. 12, para. 1
134
Ibid., para. 2
135
Ibid., para. 4
27

community.136 In both cases, it urged states to provide information on the matter rather than
deepening on its content.
Concerning paragraph 3, the Committee mentioned that the right to self-determination imposes
obligations both in a domestic sense and “vis-à-vis all the peoples which have not been able to,
or have been deprived of the possibility to, exercise their right to self-determination.”137 It
noted these obligations include positive actions and “exist irrespective of whether a people
entitled to self-determination depends on a State party to the Covenant or not.”138 However, it
clarified that these actions are presumed to refrain from “interfering in the internal affairs of
other States and thereby adversely affecting the exercise of the right to self-determination.”139
Thus, it remained unclear which positive obligations could exist vis-à-vis ‘all peoples’ unable
to exercise the right to self-determination, without interfering with the internal affairs of other
states, and thus violating the right (of the state) to self-determination.
Shortly after the adoption of ICCPR and ICESCR, the Declaration on Principles of
International Law Concerning Friendly Relations and Co-operation among States in
Accordance with the Charter of the United Nations (UNGA Res. 2625 (XXV) 1970) similarly
construed the right, but it acknowledged a fourth expression of self-determination. Besides
independence, association or integration with a State, Res. 2625 (XXV) proclaimed that selfdetermination could be achieved through “the emergence into any other political status freely
determined by a people,”140 while safeguarding the territorial integrity and political (instead of
national) unity of the State.141 Despite including the territorial integrity limitation, the
Declaration signaled a shift in the discourse, as it provided that,
“Nothing in the foregoing paragraphs shall be construed as authorizing or encouraging
any action which would dismember or impair, totally or in part, the territorial integrity
or political unity of sovereign and independent States conducting themselves in
compliance with the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples as
described above and thus possessed of a government representing the whole people
belonging to the territory without distinction as to race, creed or colour.142

In this sense, Res 2625 (XXV) evidenced a growing concern with the meaning of selfdetermination from a people-centered, related to the guarantee of equal rights, no-

136

Ibid., para. 5
Ibid., para. 6
138
Ibid., para. 6
139
Ibid., para. 6
140
Res. 2625 (XXV), 1, para 37
141
Ibid., 1, para 40
142
Ibid., para 40, emphasis added
137

28

discrimination, and representation, rather than expressing unlimited state sovereignty. Res
2625 (XXV) is currently regarded as the most authoritative instrument on self-determination
and was recently reaffirmed by the ICJ as the applicable law on the matter.143
The adoption of the Helsinki Final Act in 1975, at the Conference for Security and Cooperation
in Europe (CSCE), was also of significant importance for the development of the right. Despite
declarative in nature, the fragmentation of self-determination into an ‘external’ and ‘internal’
dimension, enshrined in Principle VIII, became common practice. The principle provided that,
all peoples always have the right, in full freedom, to determine, when and as they wish,
their internal and external political status, without external interference, and to pursue
as they wish their political, economic, social and cultural development.144

This allowed to put forward an interpretation under which the preservation of the state and its
territorial boundaries could be favored (external self-determination), while claims within the
state could be addressed through democratic mechanisms of participation and representation,
including minority protection (internal self-determination). With the adoption of the UN
Minorities Declaration (1992), the question of whether minorities had a right to selfdetermination was mostly understood as expressed in the standards of protection of the rights
of individual members of minority groups.145 The Committee of the International Convention
on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ICERD, 1965), which condemned
‘racial discrimination in all its forms and manifestations,’146 also noted in 1996 that selfdetermination of ethnic or religious groups is not basis for a right of secession,147 and stressed
its internal dimension, coupled with the territorial integrity limitation.148
The prevalence of the territorial status quo was evident in the early jurisprudence of the
International Court of Justice (ICJ). In the Western Sahara Opinion (1974), the ICJ stated that
neither the recognized social and political organization of the Western Sahara peoples,149 the
existence of ‘chiefs competent to represent them,’150 nor their land rights151 amounted as to
establish territorial sovereignty. In the Frontier dispute (1986), the Court expressly accorded

143

Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Advisory Opinion, I.
C.J. Reports 2004, p.137
144
Helsinki Final Act, Principle VIII, emphasis added
145
Ibid., Art 3(1), emphasis added
146
ICERD, Preamble 6, 10, 12, Arts.2, 4, 5, 6, 7
147
ICERD General Recommendation 21 (1)
148
ICERD General Recommendation 21, 4, 6
149
Ibid, .81
150
Ibid, .81
151
Ibid., 150
29

prevalence to territorial integrity and uti possidetis juris over self-determination, arguing that
African states had judiciously consent to respect the colonial frontiers in the interpretation of
self-determination as a guarantee of stability; “in order to survive, to develop, and gradually to
consolidate their independence.”152 In two separate opinions, Judge Abi-saab and Judge
Luchaire questioned the absolute conception of uti possidetis juris over an interpretation in
light of its function.153 The former also questioned the excessive reliance in French domestic
law for the case and the ‘frantic search for a written legal title’ in the examination of the right.154
On its part, Judge Luchaire stressed that “the frontiers of an independent State emerging from
colonization may differ from the frontiers of the colony which it replaces, and this may actually
result from the exercise of the right of self-determination.”155
Recently, the ICJ pronounced on the right to self-determination in two advisory opinions. In
the first, concerning the Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied
Palestinian Territory (2004), the Court confirmed the status of self-determination as an
essential, and unquestionable principle of international law,156 but failed to address its content
and scope. The ruling primarily referenced previous instruments and jurisprudence on the
matter to conclude that the wall “severely impeded the exercise by the Palestinian people of its
right to self-determination.”157 In the second case, concerning the Accordance with
International Law of the Unilateral Declaration of Independence in Respect of Kosovo (2010),
the Court mentioned that self-determination developed as to create “a right to independence
for the peoples of non-self-governing territories and peoples subject to alien subjugation,
domination and exploitation,”158 yet it remains unclear whether it also implies a right to
secession.159 Thus, the Court concluded that the question was beyond the scope of the case,160
and affirmed that the declaration of independence did not violate any general nor lex specialis
applicable rule of international law.161 Both rulings denote the ambivalences between
guaranteeing a ‘peoples’ right to self-determination and the presumption that the State already

152

Frontier Dispute (Burkina Faso/Republic of Mali), 1986, 25
Ibid., separate opinion of Judge Abi-Saab, para.13
154
Ibid., separate opinion of Judge Abi-Saab, para.15
155
Ibid., separate opinion of Judge Luchaire, p.653
156
Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, Advisory Opinion,
I. C.J. Reports 2004, p. 136
157
Ibid., 122
158
Accordance with International Law of the Unilateral Declaration of Independence in Respect of Kosovo,
Advisory Opinion, I.C.J. Reports 2010, 79
159
Ibid., 82.
160
Ibid., 83.
161
Ibid., 122.
153

30

embodies the right. In both cases, the approximations of the Court, namely, that the wall
‘severely impeded’ the right, and that the declaration of independence ‘did not violate’
international law, seem to favor the peoples concerned, yet reveal the difficulties to challenge
the territorial and political status quo through the right to self-determination.
Commonly linked to the American (1775) and French (1799) revolutions, as well as to the
territorial reorganization of Eastern Europe after the First World War, self-determination has
been related to a sense of collective freedom, grounded upon consent as the basis of sovereign
power. In the practice, the notion has also been employed to challenge foreign domination and
the legitimacy of governments. In the early 20th century, the concept was increasingly
employed to challenge the colonial character of classical international law, expressing the ‘free
will’ of colonized peoples to achieve political independence. With the adoption of the UN
Charter (1945) and the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries
and Peoples, the latter became the predominant interpretation of self-determination.
Whereas self-determination mobilized decolonization, its application was limited by the
principle of uti possidetis juris and the doctrine of recognition, which crystallized the colonial
territorial boundaries, government structures and nation-building practices. Therefore, while
legitimizing the independence of colonized territories and peoples, the decolonization process
did not provide a territorial, political, or social reorganization in recognition of the ‘peoples
will’. On the contrary, post-colonial states were bound to maintain the colonial borders and
claimed to still be subjected to international political and economic domination regardless
recognition of their formal sovereignty. After achieving independence, many of these engaged
in governing practices that reproduced the civilizing mission domestically. The view of
Indigenous peoples and territories as uninhabited and in need of domination continued to be
endorsed. Therefore, self-determination continued to evolve as to express concern for the
fundamental character of governments and the legitimacy of power, related to principles of
democratic governance. The latter was particularly evidence in the Declaration on Principles
of International Law Concerning Friendly Relations and Co-operation.
Under current standards, self-determination is to be achieved by (a) the emergence as a
sovereign independent state; (b) the free association with an independent State; (c) integration
with an independent State; or (d) the emergence into any other political status freely determined
by a people. However, there is still much debate on whether the right to self-determination is
basis for secession. When inscribed in article 1 of the two International Human Rights
Covenants, namely, ICCPR and ICESCR, self-determination acquired character as an
31

inalienable right and legal force by treaty. It is considered essential for the guarantee of other
human rights and fundamental freedoms. The fragmentation of the right into an internal and an
external dimension is not contained in any binding instrument but has become common
practice. The latter has provided a growing focus on self-determination as a peoples’ right
concerning democratic mechanisms of participation and representation, including minority
protection, without challenging the state’s territorial boundaries.
It remains unclear which positive obligations states may possess vis-à-vis peoples unable to
exercise the right, without challenging the territorial and political integrity of other states.
Recent pronunciations on the matter are limited to repeating previous jurisprudence, denoting
its contentious character. In the practice, the application of self-determination has been
characterized by a prevalence of the territorial status quo inherited from colonization. Contrary
to its purpose, the application of self-determination during decolonization appeared to “centre
on the control of established political units, which then inform[ed] the identity of peoples and
the self-determination process.”162 While ‘peoples’ are the subjects of the right, selfdetermination has been operationalized when mobilized by the existing powers and
accompanied by an overall concern for the character of government institutions.163 Despite
enshrining an absolute political authority –a sense of collective freedom–, self-determination
has been in the practice sanctioned by existing powers, and the rules and procedures for its
exercise are dictated and controlled as to provide specific outcomes, rather than manifesting a
collective peoples’ will.

2.4.

Building Collective Rights

Around the 1960s, Indigenous peoples began positioning themselves strongly at the
international level, demanding increased awareness of their existence as peoples “with
historically based cultures, political institutions, and entitlements to land.”164 In 1971, the
Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) mandated the UN Sub-Commission on Prevention
of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities to conduct a comprehensive study on their
situation. Few years later, and before the study was published, the first UN Conference with
participation of Indigenous delegates took place. The International Non-Governmental

162

French, 2013, p.229
Anaya, 1996, p.76
164
Anaya, 1996, p.46
163

32

Organization Conference on Discrimination against Indigenous Populations in the Americas
(1977) brought together more than 250 delegates at Geneva, with representatives of more than
60 nations and peoples.165 The Indigenous delegates denounced the ‘brutal colonization’,
‘massacres of millions of native peoples for centuries’, ‘the continuous grabbing of their land’,
and the ‘denial of self-determination’.166
Many of the elements recognized today as part of the Indigenous rights regime were already
proposed by Indigenous representatives in the Program of Action resulting from the 1977
Conference. The delegates recommended a revision of ILO Convention 107 to ‘remove its
emphasis on integration’; and called for respect of their traditional law and customs; cultural
and social integrity; communal ownership and control of land and natural resources;
recognition of their special relationship to land; and prevention of the extinguishment of their
land rights without their full and informed consent.167 The outcome document also proposed
the establishment of a Working Group on Indigenous Populations under the UN SubCommission and a ‘Draft Declaration of Principles for the Defense of the Indigenous Nations
and Peoples of the Western Hemisphere’.168 The Draft Declaration rejected the status of
Indigenous peoples as minorities and called for their recognition ‘as nations, and proper
subjects of international law’ with equality of rights, independence, and capacity to enter into
treaties and agreements.169
The Draft Declaration also contained provisions rejecting state jurisdiction over ‘Indigenous
nations or groups’ and their territories, unless pursuant to a freely made treaty or agreement
with the state –the exercise of self-determination.170 It specified that Indigenous nations or
groups had the ‘sovereign power to determine their own membership,’ and that “no state shall
claim or retain, by right of discovery or otherwise, the territories of an indigenous nation or
group, except such lands as may have been lawfully acquired by valid treaty or other cession
freely made”171. Furthermore, the Draft Declaration proposed the creation of a procedure for
the settlement of disputes between Indigenous peoples and the states, “mutually acceptable to

165

International Non-Governmental Organization Conference on Discrimination against Indigenous Populations
in the Americas (1977), Statements and Final Documents, paras.1-2
166
Ibid., para 6
167
Ibid., paras. 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 30
168
Ibid., paras. 12, 27
169
Draft Declaration of Principles for the Defense of the Indigenous Nations and Peoples of the Western
Hemisphere, 1977, 1, 3, 4, 5
170
Ibid., 7
171
Ibid., 12, 8
33

the parties, fundamentally fair, and consistent with international law”172. Finally, it included a
clause relating environmental protection, proposing unlawfulness of ‘any action or course’ that
would result in the destruction or deterioration of Indigenous peoples due to the depletion,
displacement of destruction of natural resources vital to their livelihoods.173
The same year of the conference (1977), Sandra Lovelace, an Indigenous Maliseet, submitted
a petition to the HRC alleging violations of various rights by the Canadian government.174 The
case, resolved in 1981, was reviewed by the Committee under Article 27 of the ICCPR, which
provides that
in those States in which ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities exist, persons
belonging to such minorities shall not be denied the right, in community with the other
members of their group, to enjoy their own culture, to profess and practise their own
religion, or to use their own language.175

Lovelace argued that the Canadian Indian Act was discriminatory, as she had lost her status as
Maliseet Indian for marrying a non-Indigenous man and, consequently, her right to live in the
Tobique reserve where she was born.176 The case challenged the state’s authority to define
Indigenous belonging or membership and provided an instance of application of the ICCPR in
relation to events prior to its entry into force. Based on the consideration that culture was to be
enjoyed ‘in community with the other members of the group’, the HRC found a violation of
the right. The Committee determined that Lovelace’s access to her ‘native culture and
language’ continued to be denied because there was “no place outside the Tobique Reserve
where such a community exist[ed].”177 Furthermore, it considered there was no ‘reasonable
justification’ for such interreference with her right to culture.178 Despite the alleged violations
occurred before the ICCPR came into force in Canada, the decision was submitted in favorable
terms for the claimant, on the grounds that the violation had continued effects until the date of
resolution of the case.

172

Ibid., 9
Ibid., 11
174
Non-discrimination; equal rights of men and women; protection of family and equal rights of spouses; equal
protection of the law; and the right of minorities to enjoy their culture, language and religion, ICCPR 2 (1), 3, 23
(1) (4), 26 and 27, respectively
175
ICCPR, Art 27
176
Sandra Lovelace v. Canada, Communication No. R.6/24, U.N. Doc. Supp. No. 40 (A/36/40) at 166 (1981)., 1,
7.4.
177
Sandra Lovelace v. Canada, 1981, 7.4.
178
Ibid., 18
173

34

Few years later, the Martínez Cobo studies supported some of the views proposed by
Indigenous peoples in the Draft Declaration and Lovelace’s claim. From 1981 to 1983, the
Special Rapporteur submitted a series of extensive reports on ‘the Problem of Discrimination
Against Indigenous Populations’ that emphatically highlighted ‘Indigenous self-identification’
as a relational notion of group consciousness and acceptance by the group as for recognition of
Indigenous membership.179 It affirmed that,
the question of definition [of Indigeneity] is one that must be left to indigenous
communities themselves [and] there must be no attempt to define them according to
the perceptions of others through the values of foreign societies or of the dominant
sectors in such societies.180

The Martínez Cobo report deplored that Indigenous cultural, social and legal systems had been
‘constantly under attack at all levels,’ including the ‘distortion or denial of their history and
ways of life,’ which continuously threatened “their social and cultural integrity, and their very
physical existence.”181 Therefore, it stressed that the notion of Indigenous populations under
international law should derive from their “historical rights to land [and] to be different and to
be considered as different.”182 The report provided extensive recommendations for the
recognition of Indigenous collective rights to lands, resources and institutions.
Meanwhile, the international Indigenous movement continued to strengthen. The 1977
conference had provided a space for shaping transnational solidarity around Indigenous
peoples’ common concerns. Since then, they continued to appeal to United Nations bodies by
articulating their demands through human rights. In 1982, the UN Working Group on
Indigenous Populations (WGIP) was established as subsidiary organ to the Sub-Commission
on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights. The WGIP consisted of five independent
experts and provided an opportunity for indigenous peoples to raise their concerns at the UN.
In this regard, the Martínez Cobo report suggested the need for ensuring ‘genuine indigenous
representation’ at the WGIP sessions and joint action from ILO, UNESCO, WHO and FAO on
the matter.183 Gradually, the UN’s approach shifted from an assimilationist view towards the
promotion of Indigenous self-governance. Aside from a continued international advocacy,

179

Study of the Problem of Discrimination Against Indigneous Peoples, Final Report, 30 September 1983, E/CN.4
Sub.2 /1983/21/Add.8, 372-381
180
Ibid., 368
181
Ibid., 374
182
Ibid., 373-375
183
Ibid., 310, 355, 352
35

developments in the Human Rights Committee (HRC), arising from Indigenous peoples’
claims, played an important role in this task.
In 1980, the Mi’kmaq tribal society claimed possession of their territory and lands before the
HRC, on the basis of a protection treaty signed with Great Britain (1952).184 The Mi’kmaq
alleged denial of their right to self-determination and the suppression of their means of
subsistence by Canada, therefore requesting to be recognized as a State.185 Canada rejected
admissibility ratione materiae, appealing to the principle of territorial integrity of the State,
and affirming that recognition of statehood was beyond the competence of the Committee.186
Though the HRC did not refer to the latter, it found the communication inadmissible on the
grounds that the author had failed to prove he was ‘personally a victim’ of a violation of his
rights.187 In a separate opinion, Mr. Roger Errera questioned the Committee’s lack of
consideration of the content and scope of the right to self-determination, whether selfdetermination was justiciable under the Optional Protocol, and whether the Mi’kmaq could, in
fact, constitute a people.188
In 1985, Ivan Kitok similarly claimed a violation of his rights to self-determination and to
culture by the Swedish Government before the HRC.189 According to Swedish legislation,
Kitok would lose membership from the Sami peoples because of engaging in a profession other
than reindeer breeding for more than three years.190 Sweden argued the claim inadmissible, as
it did not consider the Sami to constitute a people entitled to self-determination.191 The
Committee agreed with the Swedish position.192 However, on respect to the right to culture,
and despite finding no violation of the right, the Committee considered that Kitok made ‘a
reasonable allegation’ of being arbitrarily denied his right to enjoy the same ‘immemorial
rights’ of the Sami community.193 Thus, it observed that the right to enjoy culture in community
with the others “cannot be determined in abstract, but has to be placed in context.”194

184

Mikmaq tribal society v. Canada, Communication No. 78/1980 (30 September 1980), U.N. Doc. Supp. No. 40
(A/39/40) at 200 (1984), 1
185
Ibid., 2.1., 2.2.
186
Ibid., 5.1., 5.3.
187
Ibid., 8.2
188
Ibid., Appendix, Individual Opinion, paras. 3-5
189
ICCPR, Arts.1, 27, respectively
190
Ivan Kitok v. Sweden, Human Rights Committee, Communication No. 197/1985; U.N. Doc.
CCPR/C/33/D/197/1985, 2.2.
191
Ibid., 4.1.
192
Ibid., 6.3.
193
Ibid., 9.1.
194
Ibid., 9.3.
36

The same year, Chief Bernard Ominayak submitted a communication to the HRC that provided
the grounds for interpreting the right to culture as entailing positive obligations in the regulation
of resource extraction activities of private actors when concerning Indigenous peoples.
Ominayak alleged a violation of the right to self-determination due to the expropriation of the
Lubicon Lake Band’s territory for corporate exploitation. He argued this had caused irreparable
injury to the livelihood, subsistence economy, and culture of the Lubicon Lake Band peoples,
as well as to ‘their way of life as a social and political entity.’195 As with previous jurisprudence,
Canada argued inadmissibility, denied the Lubicon Lake Band were a people and contended
the author lacked standing to bring a communication relative to a collective right.196 However,
Ominayak argued that “the concept of self-determination should be held applicable to
[Indigenous peoples] as it concerns the right of a people to their means of subsistence.”197 In a
further submission, he stated he was ‘not requesting a territorial rights decision,’ but a
recognition that their existence was seriously threatened by the activities of the company in
cooperation with Canada.198
In the admissibility examination, the Committee noted that, whereas the author could not claim
to be an individual victim of the violation of a collective right, the facts raised claims under
article 27 of the Covenant and declared the communication admissible.199 This was the first
time the HRC demonstrated a position inclined towards a certain recognition of Indigenous
rights, as well as the incipient inextricability between the rights to self-determination, culture,
land and livelihoods of Indigenous peoples. Though the Committee abstained from considering
whether the Lubicon Lake Band constituted a people, it argued there was “no objection to a
group of individuals, who claim to be similarly affected, collectively to submit a
communication.”200 In the examination of the merits, the HRC considered that the ‘way of life
and culture’ of the Lubicon Lake Band territory was threatened by the exploitation of natural
resources amounting to a violation of ICCPR article 27.201 Though the Committee asserted it
considered the communication in its individual character, the decision was clearly directed
towards the community.

195

Lubicon Lake Band v. Canada, Communication No. 167/1984 (26 March 1990), U.N. Doc. Supp. No. 40
(A/45/40) at 1 (1990), 3.2., 3.8.
196
Ibid., 6.1.
197
Ibid., 7.
198
Ibid., 12
199
Ibid., 13.4
200
Ibid., 32.1.
201
Ibid., 33.
37

In 1992, Ilmari Länsman and forty-seven members of the Muotkatunturi Herdsmen's
Committee of the Sami people claimed that stone quarrying by a private company in their
territory interfered with their traditional livelihoods, thus constituting a breach of their right to
culture.202 Both parties agreed that the question of land ownership was not per se the subject
matter of the case.203 The state argued there ought to be a margin of discretion in the regulations
aimed at protecting livelihood activities under article 27.204 The Committee considered that the
‘scope of freedom’ “was not to be assessed by a margin of appreciation, but by reference to the
obligations arising from article 27”205 –the question being whether the impact of the extractive
activities denied the right. Therefore, it adopted the position that, since there had been a process
of prior consultation and Indigenous peoples could continue to ensure their livelihoods, there
was no breach of the right.206 Significantly, and despite finding no violations, the Committee
clarified that the right to culture, as placed in context, not only protects traditional means of
livelihood, but also ‘adapted’ livelihood methods and acknowledged the territory’s continued
‘spiritual significance’ as relevant to the interpretation of the right.207
In 2000, Apirana Mahuika and 18 other members of the Maori people, belonging to seven
different iwi (tribes), claimed that the enactment of the Treaty of Waitangi (Fisheries Claims)
Settlement Act (1992) by the government of New Zealand constituted a violation of various
rights, including their right to self-determination.208 The authors alleged that self-determination
could only be effective when peoples have access to and control over their resources, rights
which had been recognized by the British Crown, predecessor of the New Zealand, yet the
treaty now ‘confiscated’.209 The claimants explained the new Quota Management System
implemented by New Zealand gave ‘exclusive possession of property rights to non-Maori,’
threatened their way of life and culture and interfered with traditional fishing, which did not
distinguish between commercial and non-commercial purposes.210 In the admissibility
examination, the Committee argued that ‘only the consideration of merits’ would enable to

202

Länsman et al. v. Finland, Communication No. 511/1992, U.N. Doc. CCPR/C/52/D/511/1992 (1994), 3.1.
Ibid., 8.6.
204
Ibid., 7.9., 7.10.; 7.13.
205
Ibid., 9.4., 9.5.
206
Ibid., 9.6, 10
207
Ibid., 2.6., 9.3.
208
Apirana Mahuika et al. v. New Zealand, 5.1., 6.1.; ICCPR Arts.1, 2, 16, 18, 26 and 27.
209
Apirana Mahuika et al. v. New Zealand, 5.1., 6.1.
210
Ibid., 6.2., 6.3.
203

38

determine the relevance of self-determination in respect to the claims under the right to
culture.211
New Zealand, on its part, affirmed that the Fisheries Settlement Act was, to the contrary, a step
taken in consideration of the right to culture, as it aimed to secure the right to revenue through
quota, constituting ‘the modern-day embodiment of Maori claims to commercial fishery’, and
allowing them to ‘expand their presence in the market’ and ‘diversificate.’ The difficulties for
the states to meaningfully engage with Indigenous livelihoods and worldviews resulted evident
in New Zealand’s argumentation. The Government further referred to the need for ‘reasonable
regulation’ and ‘other controls or limitations’ in respect of the right to culture and recalled
carrying out ‘an extensive process of consultation’ to reach common understanding with the
Maori, arguing therefore that the Fisheries Act reflected a ‘necessary balance’ to ensure the
sustainability of the resource.212
In response, the Maori stressed that these type of agreements ‘were not always adequately
disclosed or explained to tribes and sub-tribes,’ thwarting their possibility to exercise informed
decision-making.213 Furthermore, they emphasized that the negotiators with which the
government had engaged in consultation, “had no authority and did not purport to represent
individual tribes and sub-tribes.”214 They questioned the lack of evidence regarding the
‘necessity and proportionality’ in the interferences with their rights, and emphasized that the
significance of fishing had to be understood within the context of Maori culture, as it “required
particular practices and a sense of inherited guardianship of resources [in a] sense that goes
beyond quantitative and material questions of catch volumes and cash incomes.”215 In this
regard, they explained that fishing,
encompasses a deep sense of conservation and responsibility to the future, which
colours their thinking, attitude and behaviour towards their fisheries [and] includes
connections between the individual and tribe, and fish and fishing grounds in the sense
not just of tenure, or "belonging", but also of personal or tribal identity, blood and
genealogy, and of spirit [meaning that] a “hurt” to the environment or to the fisheries
may be felt personally by a Maori person or tribe, and may hurt not only the physical
being, but also the prestige, the emotions and the mana […] a manifestation of a
complex Maori physico-spiritual conception of life and life's forces.216

211

Ibid., 3
Ibid., 7.1., 7.4
213
Ibid., 6.2.
214
Ibid., 5.8.
215
Ibid., 8.2.
216
Ibid., 8.2.
212

39

The case raised important questions regarding the right to self-determination, its connection to
the right to culture, and considerations of fairness and representation in relation to the rights of
consultation and FPIC. While the HRC acknowledged that the treaty limited the Maori right to
culture, it determined that New Zealand had fulfilled its obligations under article 27 because it
engaged in a consultation process and considered the sustainability of fishing activities.217
Therefore, it concluded that no article of the Covenant had been breached, denoting the limited
capacity of the right to culture to uphold Indigenous worldviews when in tension with the state.
Nonetheless, despite not engaging with the meaning of the right to self-determination in its
collective sense, the Committee attributed to it an interpretive nature in relation to other rights
protected by the Covenant, particularly the right to culture.218
The same year, Jouni Länsman, Eino Länsman, and the Muotkatunturi Herdsmen's Committee
submitted a communication alleging to be victims of a violation of the right to culture, due to
the continued logging activities carried out by Finland in their territory since the 1980s.219
According to the authors, these interfered with reindeer herding and resulted both in a
significant reduction in the reindeers permitted in herding areas, as well as a complete loss of
lichen in the areas affected, allegedly lasting for hundreds of years.220 In response, Finland
recalled that “measures which have a certain limited impact […] do not necessarily violate
article 27”221 and that the areas concerned are owned by the State “which is entitled, inter alia,
to log forests and construct roads at its discretion.”222 As with the first Länsman case, the
Committee found the impacts not “serious enough as to amount to a denial of the authors’ right
to enjoy their own culture.”223 However, it noted that “an infringement may result from the
combined effects of a series of actions or measures taken by a State party over a period of time
and in more than one area of the State occupied by that minority [including] the effects of past,
present and planned future logging.”224
In 2006, Ángela Poma Poma, an Aymara descendant, alleged that the diverting of the course
of the river Uchusuma by Peru “caused the gradual drying out of the wetlands where llamaraising is practised in accordance with the traditional customs of the affected families […] and

217

Ibid., 9.6., 9.8 10
Ibid., 9.2.
219
Lansman, J. et. Al. V Finland, 3.1.
220
Ibid., 3.2., 3.3.
221
Ibid., 6.2.
222
Ibid., 7.4.
223
Ibid., 10.3.
224
Ibid., 10.2.
218

40

which has been part of their way of life for thousands of years.”225 Poma Poma affirmed Peru’s
activities ‘destroyed the ecosystem’ in a way that resulted in the collapse of their livelihood
means and lead the community to poverty.226 Whereas the Committee denied justiciability of
article 1, it considered the facts under article 27, and declared it admissible in conjunction with
article 2, paragraph 3 (a), concerning the right to effective remedy. In view of the Committee,
the question to be considered was whether the water diversion authorized by Peru had “a
substantive negative impact on the author’s enjoyment of her right to enjoy the cultural life of
the community.”227
Contrary to its previous jurisprudence, the HRC did not assess whether the activities in question
denied the right. The Committee argued that measures that ‘substantially compromise or
interfere’ with economic activities that are culturally significant for a minority or Indigenous
community, may be admissible only in consideration of whether the community has effectively
participated in the decision-making process and whether they will continue to benefit from
their traditional economy.228 In this respect, it mentioned that effective participation requires
“not mere consultation but the free, prior and informed consent.”229 Moreover, the Committee
condemned the lack of studies or measures taken to minimize the consequences of the
activities. Therefore, it considered that the state actions had “substantively compromised the
way of life and culture of the author, as a member of her community,” concluding there was a
violation of the right.230
Whereas UNDRIP is the only declaration to explicitly recognize Indigenous selfdetermination, the HRC has interpreted the right to self-determination in ways specific to
indigenous peoples, with special attention to control over traditional lands and natural
resources, and the inextricability between Indigenous livelihoods, economic activities, and
culture. The view that the right cannot be determined in abstract, but must be placed in context
legitimized the collective dimension of Indigenous peoples’ rights, despite not expressly
mentioned as such. In fact, the scope of the right to culture, as contained in ICCPR Article 27,
has been interpreted to include both traditional and modern economic and social and economic
activities in the case of Indigenous peoples, as well as their territorial rights and the spiritual

225

Ángela Poma Poma v. Peru, Communication No. 1457/2006, U.N. Doc. CCPR/C/95/D/1457/2006, 2.2. 2.2.
Ibid., 3.1.
227
Ibid., 7.5.
228
Ibid., 7.6.
229
Ibid., 7.6.
230
Ibid., 7.8.
226

41

significance of land. In consequence, the right to culture is understood to entail positive and
negative obligations in the regulation of resource extraction activities in indigenous territories.
In assessing whether a violation has occurred, the HRC emphasized whether the individual
continued to benefit from the activities related to culture, whether there were studies or
measures taken by the state to assess and minimize the consequences of an interference in
Indigenous territories, and whether there was consultation and the extent of participation of the
communities affected. Participation must be effective and there must be a view towards
achievement of agreement or consent in good faith. Under HRC’s jurisprudence, the extent of
interference with the right is determined on the basis of whether there has been substantive
negative impact on the enjoyment of the right to enjoy the cultural life of the community. A
violation of the right may also result from the combined effects of a series of actions or
measures taken by a State party over a period of time and in more than one territorial area.
Finally, the Committee ascribed an interpretive nature to the right to self-determination, that
can be used to assess the violations of other rights contained in the Convention. In a recent
decision on admissibility concerning a case raised by Tiina Sanila-Aikio against Finland, the
Committee reaffirmed that, despite not justiciable, “it may interpret article 1, when this is
relevant, in determining whether rights protected in parts II and III of the Covenant have been
violated.”231
The international Indigenous movement and Indigenous rights claims further strengthened with
the creation of the UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFII) in 2000 as subsidiary
body to the Economic and Social Council.232 It constitutes an international platform for
providing thematic reviews wish issues concerning Indigenous peoples. Specifically, UNPFII
was mandated to,
(a) Provide expert advice and recommendations on indigenous issues to the Council, as
well as to programmes, funds and agencies of the United Nations, through the Council;
(b) Raise awarenessand promote the integration and coordination of activities relating
to indigenous issueswithin the United Nations system;
(c) Prepare and disseminate information on indigenous issues.233

231

Tiina Sanila-Aikio v. Finland, Decision adopted by the Committee under article 5 (4) of the Optional Protocol,
concerning communication, 8.6.
232
ECOSOC Establishment of a UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, E/2000/22
233
Ibid., 2
42

UNPFII is composed of independent experts, eight nominated by Governments and elected by
the Council, and eight appointed by the President of the Council.234 It holds an annual session
and submits a report on its activities, including recommendations that are distributed to United
Nations organs.235
With the adoption of UNDRIP in 2007, a paradigm shift was evidenced. UNDRIP declared for
the first time that Indigenous peoples have the right to self-determination, and thus, the right
to determine their political status and freely pursuit their own development. It affirmed the
equality of Indigenous peoples and all other peoples and reiterated that Indigenous individuals
are entitled to all human rights recognized in international law. Article 1 recognized that
“Indigenous peoples have the right to the full enjoyment, as a collective or as individuals, of
all human rights and fundamental freedoms as recognized in the Charter of the United Nations,
the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and international human rights law.”236 In addition,
it expressed that Indigenous peoples possess collective rights which are indispensable for their
existence, well-being and integral development as peoples.237 Therefore, despite its nonbinding character, the Declaration set the basis for understanding Indigenous rights as deriving
from the recognition of Indigenous peoples as ‘peoples’ for international legal purposes, and
the articulation of their rights in application of the rights to equality and non-discrimination.
The same year, the WGIP was reformed under the Human Rights Council resolution 6/36, to
establish the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (EMRIP). EMRIP was
created as subsidiary organ to provide thematic expertise.238 It is currently composed of seven
independent experts, one from each of the Indigenous sociocultural regions. In 2016, EMRIP’s
mandate was amended to,
provide the Human Rights Council with expertise and advice on the rights of
indigenous peoples as set out in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples, and assist Member States, upon request, in achieving the ends of
the Declaration through the promotion, protection and fulfilment of the rights of
indigenous peoples.239

The most recent thematic reports conducted by EMRIP concern free, prior and inform consent
(2018), recognition, reparations, and reconciliation (2019) and the right to land (2020). At the

234

Ibid., 1
Ibid., 4, ,5
236
UNDRIP, Article 1; Article 2
237
UNDRIP, Preamble, para. 21
238
Human Rights Council Resolution 6/36, 1
239
Ibid., 1, emphasis added
235

43

date of writing this thesis, EMRIP is receiving submissions for its next report, expected to be
published in September 2021, precisely concerning the right to self-determination. The Draft
Report, entitled Efforts to implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples: indigenous peoples and the right to self-determination, emphasized the
right to self-determination “as the fundamental norm upon which indigenous rights are
grounded.”240 In view of EMRIP, self-determination constitutes the ‘normative basis of their
relationship with the State.’241
In 2019, the Mandate of the Special Rapporteur on The Rights of Indigenous Peoples, first
established by the Commission on Human Rights in 2001, was also renewed. Under the current
mandate, the Special Rapporteur has the responsibilities to (a) examine ways of overcoming
obstacles for the protection of Indigenous peoples; (b) gather, request, and receive information
on alleged violations of their rights; (c) formulate recommendations and proposals; (d) work
in close cooperation with the HRC, the EMRIP and other relevant UN bodies; (e) enhance
engagement with UNPFII and the EMRIP; (f) develop regular cooperative dialogue with
relevant actors; (g) promote the UNDRIP and (j) submit an annual report in the implementation
of the mandate.242 The latest reports summited by the Special Rapporteur have also focused on
Indigenous self-governance (2018) and the right to autonomy or self-government as an exercise
of Indigenous self-determination (2019).243
Currently, much of the UN’s work concerning Indigenous peoples is oriented towards ensuring
the implementation of UNDRIP.244 The Outcome Document of the WCIP requested in 2014
the development of a “UN System-Wide Action Plan to ensure a coherent approach to
achieving the ends of the Declaration.” Known as SWAP–Indigenous Peoples (2015), the
action plan has the goal of implementing UNDRIP by “increasing UN system coherence in
addressing the rights and well-being of indigenous peoples in its work, including in support of
Member States.”245 The Action Plan has outlined six focus areas, namely, (1) raising awareness
on the UNDRIP; (2) support the implementation of the UNDRIP at the country level; (3)
support the realization of Indigenous peoples’ rights in the implementation and review of the

240

A/HRC/EMRIP/2021/2, 1
A/HRC/EMRIP/2021/2, 3
242
A/HRC/RES/42/20, 1
243
A/73/176; A/74/149
244
SWAP-Indigenous Peoples, p.6; Implementing the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous
Peoples, A/73/176, para.4
245
SWAP-Indigenous Peoples, p.5
241

44

2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development; (4) map existing standards and guidelines,
capacities, training materials and resources; (5) develop the capacities of States, indigenous
peoples, civil society and United Nations personnel; and (6) advance the participation of
indigenous peoples in United Nations processes.246
In November 2020, SWAP-Indigenous Peoples was ‘revitalized,’ calling to action on “building
an inclusive, sustainable and resilient future with indigenous peoples.”247 It reaffirmed its
commitment to “supporting Member States in the promotion, protection and realization of the
rights of Indigenous peoples and redoubling efforts to ensure collaborative and coherent United
Nations system action to support the rights and well-being of indigenous peoples.”248 Among
its objectives, SWAP-Indigenous Peoples seeks to (1) ensure more systematic participation of
Indigenous peoples in the UN; (2) strengthen targeted actions at the country level to support
the rights of indigenous peoples and learning from good practices; (3) ensure greater
accountability and visibility for the action plan; and (4) strengthen the disaggregation of data
on indigenous peoples to ensure greater visibility of indigenous peoples and their situation.
With the adoption of the Agenda 2030 for Sustainable Development in 2015, the need to ensure
the rights of Indigenous peoples in its implementation has being widely expressed.

246

Ibid., p.1
Ibid., p.2
248
Ibid.
247

45

3. DEVELOPMENT, SUSTAINABILITY AND WELL-BEING

3.1.

Over-Exploited Worlds, and the Creation of Global Poverty

The notions of well-being, development and progress have been fundamentally linked to
international law since the establishment of the UN. Whereas exploring the meaning of these
concepts can go as far as the ancient philosophical debates on what constitutes ‘a good life’,
the idea of seeking progress and development as a cooperative international effort is
particularly characteristic of the spirit mobilized by the UN. With the adoption of the UN
Charter, international law and cooperation were seen as common grounds for the global pursuit
of ‘conditions of stability and well-being.’249 Chapter IX, concerning ‘international economic
and social cooperation’ entrusted the UN with the purpose to support the creation of higher
standards of living, employment, and economic and social progress; to foster development and
cooperation for global solutions; and, generally, “to promote universal respect for, and
observance of, human rights and fundamental freedoms for all.”250 Soon, development became
“the geopolitical program of the postcolonial era […] a key category for the justification of
power.”
The creation of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), “designed to
establish the economic foundations of peace”251, provided the institutional framework for an
interventionist process that would otherwise have been accused of infringement of sovereignty.
With the introduction of the Marshall plan for European postwar reconstruction, the World
Bank focused on financing, promoting, and providing technical assistance for international
development investment.252 Increasingly, issues previously considered to be domestic matters,
such as poverty reduction, employment, macroeconomic stability and national economic
growth, became matters of international regulation. ‘International law and development’
emerged as “typically directed toward states that ha[d] already been designated as developing,
emerging, in transition, or ‘failed’, and their perceived inability to either catch up or measure
up to conventional benchmarks of economic and social performance.”253

249

UN Charter, Art 55
Ibid.
251
Press Release No. V-180, Treasury Department Washington (December 27, 1945)
252
World Bank Archival Record. Memo on United States - International Bank relations, Jan. 6, 1953 (1071217),
p.4.
253
Rittich, 2016, p.829
250

46

The report Partners in Progress (1951), presented to the U.S. President Truman by the
International Development Advisory Board, warned that global ‘hunger, poverty, disease and
illiteracy’ were the second main threat to U.S.’s national security after ‘military aggression and
subversion.’254 The report emphasized that economic interdependence was ‘so inextricably
forged’ that strengthening the ‘underdeveloped economies’ and their living standards ought to
be considered ‘a vital part’ of U.S.’s defense deployment.255 The Advisory Board identified an
‘strategic dependence’ on areas of Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, Asia and Oceania,
which provided 73% of imported materials.256 Therefore, it recommended the ‘maximum use
of all available resources’ to increase the productivity of individuals in ‘underdeveloped
countries.’257 Noteworthily, the report stressed that the main objective should not be to ‘mine
and get out’, but to strive for a ‘balanced economic development’ under which workers would
“receive a full share in the benefits as quickly as possible.”258 According to the Advisory Board,
building a lasting peace was not a question “of preserving an existing order in the world but of
building a new structure in which all nations [could] work together, exchanging their skills,
labor and capital to mutual benefit.”259
Nonetheless, ‘underdevelopment’ justified the external management of postcolonial economies
in inequitable terms. The predominant discourse was that “the greatest development need [was]
not external capital, but domestic action”, including reforms in public investment, and fiscal
and administrative policies.260 In this context, “private actors, hybrid public/private
institutions, and technocrats competed and collaborated with states in the creation of global
norms relating to development.”261 In a 1953 Memo on United States - International Bank
relations that described the World Bank’s nature and operations in relation to U.S. foreign
policy, it was expressed that, “because of its character as an international cooperative
institution, [the Bank] was able to make its assistance to underdeveloped areas effective
through the imposition of conditions of a type which no national government could easily had
imposed.”262 Thus, these institutions began effectively shaping an international economic

254

International Development Advisory Board, Partners in Progress, 1951, p.1
Ibid., pp.2-5
256
Ibid., p.1
257
Ibid., p.1, p.5
258
Ibid., p.7
259
Ibid., p.11
260
World Bank Archival Record. Memo on United States - International Bank relations, Jan. 6, 1953
261
Rittich, 2016, p.828
262
World Bank Archival Record. Memo on United States - International Bank relations, Jan. 6, 1953, p.11
255

47

system grounded on the liberalization of the ‘underdeveloped’ worlds, and the inequitable
introduction of low-cost resources –human and natural– into the global market.
In this process, postcolonial countries repeatedly condemned the perpetuation of international
economic inequality and neocolonialism at the General Assembly. They stressed that ‘foreign
and financial interests’ sought to perpetuate colonial regimes through the continued
exploitation of their peoples, territories, and natural resources, as well as the alienation of
Indigenous lands.263 They demanded the creation of conditions for a more equitable
international order. Many UNGA’s resolutions insisted in ‘regretting the refusal’ of colonial
powers to effectively implement the Declaration on Decolonization and called for ceasing the
sustained violations of rights in former colonies.264 Meanwhile, external development aid
continued to be conditioned to the removal of import tariffs and protection measures, as well
as the establishment of preferential terms and the privatization of national economies.265 As
Beckett explains, the “imposition ‘by legal diktat’ of an open, investor-friendly, economy”
restricted the ability of postcolonial governments to exercise authority over foreign investment
or regulate the activities of transnational corporations, thus propitiating a continued reduction
of sovereignty and capacity to regulate their own development.266
In this context, the emerging ‘Third World’ furthered the principle of ‘permanent sovereignty
over natural resources’ at the General Assembly, as a tool to reclaim domestic control over
their economic activities, natural resources and labor. In 1962, UNGA Res. 1803 (XVII) on
the Permanent sovereignty over natural resources declared “the inalienable right of all States
freely to dispose of their natural wealth and resources in accordance with their national
interests, and in respect for economic independence.”267 UNGA Res. 1803 stated it was
‘desirable’ to promote international cooperation for development based on the principles of
equality and the right of peoples to self-determination,268 and that foreign assistance “must not
be subject to conditions which conflict with the interests of the recipient state.”269 It highlighted
mutual respect based on sovereign equality, ‘free and beneficial’ sovereignty over natural

263

A/RES/2288(XXI), Preamble 7, 1, 2, 3, 4, 10
Res 2105 (XX), 4, 5; Res 2189(XXI), 6, 10, 11, 12; A/RES/2326(XXII), A/RES/2465(XXIII),
A/RES/2548(XXIV)
265
Beckett, 2016, p.992
266
Rittich, 2016, p.831
267
G.A. Res. 1803, Preamble, paras. 4, 10, Art 1, 5
268
Ibid., Preamble, para. 7
269
Ibid., Preamble, para 8.
264

48

resources,270 and the furtherance of cooperation for ‘independent national development’,
including public and private capital investments, exchange of goods and services, technical
assistance, or exchange of scientific information.271
A few years later, in 1966, the International Covenants on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR)
and on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (ICESCR) were adopted. In the latter, UN
Member States bindingly committed to ‘take the steps,’ to the ‘maximum of available
resources,’ to achieving progressively the realization of Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
(ECSR). The rights to work and social security, an adequate and continuously improving
standard of living, the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental
health, and the rights to education, culture, and scientific research were recognized.272 Most of
the latter had already been included in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR,
1948)273 and, as such, considered customary international law. However, contrary to the
UDHR, the ICESCR did not include any structural provisions, such as the UDHR right “to a
social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in th[e] Declaration
can be fully realized”274.
The same year (1966), the adoption of the International Convention on the Settlement of
Investment Disputes (ICSID) established a framework that placed the World Bank as mediator
between governments and states in international investment disputes, despite the fact these
“would usually be subject to national legal processes.”275 Meanwhile, international economic
inequality continued to grow, and the capacity of postcolonial states to ‘take the steps’ to
achieving the realization of ESCR lessened. The ‘continued problems of colonialism’ and the
widening gap between the ‘economically developed and developing countries’ were subjects
of major discussion at the International Conference on Human Rights (1968).276 The resulting
Proclamation of Teheran stressed the importance of the universal realization of selfdetermination, the indivisibility of all human rights, and the profound interconnection between
the realization of human rights and economic development. Importantly, it highlighted the
structural dimensions of economic and social justice, and thus the needs to (a) understand

270

G.A. Res. 1803, 5
Ibid., 6
272
Respectively, ICESCR, Art 2; Art 6, 7; Art 9; Art 11 (1); Art 12; Arts 13, 14; Art 15
273
UDHR, Arts 20, 21 (2), 22, 25, 26, 27
274
UDHR, Art 28, emphasis added.
275
ICSID, 1966, Preamble 3
276
A/CONF.32/41, 9, 12, 13
271

49

development as a ‘collective international responsibility;’ (b) readjust the terms of international
trade and economic measures; and (c) provide international aid on equitable terms.277
Progressively, Third World’s demands for the creation of a New International Economic Order
(NIEO) became a central question at the General Assembly. In 1969, UNGA Res. 2542 (XXIV)
Declaration on Social Progress and Development declared the rapid expansion of national
income and wealth, equitable distribution, and the elimination of inequality, exploitation,
colonialism and racism, as common concerns of the international community.278 A year later,
UNGA Res. 32/130 (1970) explicitly articulated economic inequality and the ‘unjust
international economic order’ as major obstacles for the realization of rights in ‘developing’
countries.279 Furthermore, it reinforced NIEO as an essential requirement for the effective
promotion of human rights.280
In 1973, the Special Rapporteur of the HR Commission presented an extensive report on the
matter, entitled ‘the widening gap.’281 The Rapporteur stressed that the “gap between the rich
and the poor, the privileged and the underprivileged [kept] widening both within and between
countries,”282 with many of the related factors such as debt and trading policies, being in the
‘rich countries’ control.283 Thus, the report suggested the need to combine rapid growth and
modernization with social justice, as ‘complementary requirements’ for achieving the ‘highest
standards of development worldwide.’284 The Rapporteur also recommended increased
financial resources and more favourable economic and commercial policies, appealing to
Articles 55 and 56 of the UN Charter as implying an international obligation of all Member
States in the global pursuit of development.285
A year later, UNGA adopted the Declaration on the Establishment of a New International
Economic Order (NIEO, 1974) to “correct inequalities and redress existing injustices, make it
possible to eliminate the widening gap between the developed and the developing countries
and ensure steadily accelerating economic and social development.”286 The NIEO Declaration
continued to condemn the “remaining vestiges of alien and colonial domination, foreign

277

A/CONF.32/41, Res XVII Preamble 7, paras. 3, 5
Res. 2542 (XXIV), 7,2, 9
279
UNGA Res. 32/130 (1971), Preamble paras. 8, 11; Art1(b)(f)
280
UNGA Res. 32/130 (1971), Art1(d), (f)
281
E/CN.4/I108/Add.5
282
E/CN.4/I108/Add.6, 10, 11
283
Ibid., 21, 93
284
Ibid., 53
285
Ibid.
286
UNGA Res. 3201 (S-VI), Preamble 3
278

50

occupation, racial discrimination, apartheid and neo-colonialism,” as ‘the greatest obstacles’
for developing countries in achieving ‘an even and balanced development.’287 It also recalled
the inextricable relationship between “the prosperity of the developed countries and the growth
and development of the developing countries.”288 Therefore, it reinforced principles such as
sovereign equality, self-determination, territorial integrity, non-interference, and permanent
sovereignty over natural resources for the furtherance of NIEO, and included new principles,
such as cooperation based on equity; full and effective participation of developing countries;
and the regulation and supervision of the activities of transnational corporations.289
The same year, UNGA also adopted the Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States
(1974), containing ‘the fundamentals of international economic relations,’ the ‘economic rights
and duties of the states’ and ‘common responsibilities towards the international community.’290
Among others, it emphasized the need to accelerate “the economic growth of developing
countries with a view to bridging the economic gap,”291 for which it reiterated most of the
NIEO principles. Noteworthily, the Charter stressed that the ‘free exercise of full permanent
sovereignty’ not only included “possession, use and disposal, over wealth natural resources
and economic activities,”292 but also the right to regulate and exercise authority over foreign
investment and to regulate and supervise the activities of transnational corporations.293
Whereas the Charter emphasized the primary responsibility of the state to promote its own
development,294 it also provided that cooperation should ‘facilitate more rational and equitable
international economic relations’ and encourage structural change.295
Nevertheless, UNGA Declarations were barely reflected in economic, trade and investment
law. The possibilities of developing countries to tackle poverty “were affected not only by
quantitative restrictions but also by the complexity of the proliferating barriers to trade and the
adverse effects of the new protectionisms from industrialized countries.”296 According to the
World Bank’s first World Development Report (1978), ‘development countries’ had imposed
restrictions to some countries or products despite the establishment of the Generalized System

287

Ibid., 1
Ibid., 3
289
Ibid., 4
290
Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States (1974), Chapters 1, 2, and 3, respectively
291
GA Res. 3281(xxix), UN GAOR, 29th Sess., Supp. No. 31 (1974) 50, Preamble 6(e)
292
Ibid., Article 1
293
Ibid., Article 2 (b)
294
Ibid., Article 7
295
Ibid., Article 8
296
World Bank, 1978, p.58
288

51

of Preferences (1971). This was described as ‘unilateral preferential schemes,’ “designed so as
to avoid harming producer interest in industrialized countries.”297 These types of regulations
created inequities in the patterns of growth “large enough to offset the attempts to improve the
well-being of the relatively poor through welfare measures.”298 However, economic growth
continued to be furthered as the straightforward solution to global poverty. The need to
accelerate income growth and raise productivity were highlighted as means to achieve
‘progress.’299
By the end of the decade, the rise of systematic violence in many postcolonial states, often
conducted by or in complicity with governments, produced a shift of focus in the development
discourse. With the increasing elaboration of international human rights law, and the adoption
of the International Human Rights Covenants, the reproduction of colonial practices of
domination and violence in what was known as the Third World were framed as domestic
failures to observe human rights. Progressively, the links between the international legal
economic order, ‘the widening gap’, and the realization of human rights were offset by an
increased focus on the promotion of democratic governance through development cooperation
mechanisms. The full responsibility for the protection –and therefore denial– of human rights
was allocated to the states in a domestic sense, with no references to the private sector, nonstate actors nor the international economic regime. The relationship between the international
economic order and the sovereignty and well-being of postcolonial states was increasingly
obscured.300
Whereas development had been consistently framed at UNGA as a common international
concern since the establishment of the UN, the notion served to impose a “market-centred
economic growth […] fused with the promotion of liberal democratic reforms.”301 UNGA
resolutions were non-binding in nature, while debt and structural adjustment programs, the
rules governing the privatization of national industries and foreign trade and investment law
were binding agreements. These agreements, in turn, specifically designed to regulate
‘developing’ economies, were seen as depoliticized measures of market efficiency, and thus
necessary “for successful transition to modernity and heightened economic growth.”302 The

297

Ibid., p.58-59
Ibid., p.63-64
299
Ibid., 26
300
Rittich, 2016, p.824
301
Ibid., p.834
302
Ibid., pp.823-826
298

52

latter has been described by Anghie as the employment of Third World’s sovereignty as their
‘consent to be bound’ to a system of subordination: these fields appeared as in need of sui
generis rules “to manage, specifically, the Third World.”303 While there was a strengthened
protection of investors, property rights and contracts, issues concerning ESCR were described
as ‘interventions’ that “risk[ed] impairing the efficient operation of markets and, by extension,
prospects for welfare gains through economic growth.”304
The UNGA Declaration on the Right to Development (1986) evidenced this shift of focus.
Whereas the Declaration mentioned some distributive issues, it framed development as an
individual right, accentuating the fundamental duty of the State to guarantee equality of
opportunity for individuals with a view to realizing the ‘free and complete fulfillment of the
human being’.305 The ‘human person’ was centered as main subject of development, which
was described as “a comprehensive economic, social, cultural and political process […] aimed
at the constant improvement of the well-being of the entire population and of all
individuals.”306 Development was now conceptualized as an individual and collective right
expressed, first and foremost, through active participation in, contribution to, and enjoyment
of, the economic, social, cultural and political development of the State.307 In turn, states had
the obligations to guarantee minimum ESCR standards ‘to the maximum of available
resources’ and take “resolute steps to eliminate the massive and flagrant violations of the
human rights.”308

3.2.

The Shift to Sustainability

In the 1970s, the management and regulation of natural resource exploitation entered the
international sphere, particularly in connection with human rights law. Concerns over the
negative environmental impacts of ‘human activity’ and intense natural resource exploitation
for economic growth, led to an increasing awareness of the links between environmental
conservation and human well-being. The Stockholm Declaration on the Human Environment
(1972) was the first UN instrument to refer to the environment as essential to human well-being

303

Anghie, 2004, p.249
Rittich, 2016, p.825-826
305
UNGA 41/128, Preamble, para.16; arts 1, 6, 3 (3), art 2 (2); art 7
306
Ibid., Preamble, para.2; Article 2 (3)
307
Ibid., Art 2(1)
308
Ibid., Arts 5, 6 (3)
304

53

and thus, to the full enjoyment of human rights.309 It declared “the need for a common outlook
and for common principles to inspire and guide the peoples of the world in the preservation
and enhancement of the human environment”310. Previous approaches had focused on resource
extraction regulation with the objective of avoiding or managing interstate conflicts over
natural resources, or the consequences of its exploitation, such as transfrontier pollution.311
However, the predominant view was that environmental standards were to be defined at the
domestic level.
The Trail Smelter Arbitration (United States v. Canada, 1941), and the Corfu Channel (United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland v. Albania, 1949) were fundamental in the
formulation of some of the core principles of international environmental law relating
transfrontier pollution and extraterritorial harm. The first concerned alleged damages caused
to the state of Washington due to the emission of sulphur dioxide fumes at the Trail Smelter
Canadian-based corporation.312 The arbitration tribunal not only examined the questions of
damages and indemnity, but also whether there was a requirement to refrain from causing
future damages, and which measures or regime should be adopted in such case.313 The tribunal
concluded that harm had occurred and that,
no State has the right to use or permit the use of its territory in such a manner as to
cause injury by fumes in or to the territory of another or the properties or persons
therein, when the case is of serious consequence and the injury is established by clear
and convincing evidence.314

In Corfu Channel, the question was whether Albania was responsible for the explosion of two
British warships due to a minefield lying in Albanian territorial waters, and which resulted in
the death of 44 British officers and personal injuries. The International Court of Justice (ICJ)
examined the case and concluded that the laying of the minefield “could not have been
accomplished without the knowledge of the Albanian Government.”315 Therefore, it stated that
Albania had the obligation to notify of the existence of a minefield in Albanian territorial water,

309

A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1
Ibid., Part I, Preamble, para.2
311
For example, the Convention Relative to the Preservation of Fauna and Flora in their Natural State (London,
1933), the Convention on Nature Protection and Wildlife Preservation in the Western Hemisphere (Washington,
1940), or the International Convention for the Regulation of Whaling (1946) are commonly highlighted as early
international environmental law treaties.
312
Trail Smelter Arbitration (United States v. Canada, 1941), p.1922
313
Ibid., p.1939
314
Ibid., p.1965
315
Corfu Channel (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland v. Albania), Judgement of April 9th,
1949, p.22
310

54

based on ‘elementary considerations of humanity’, ‘the principle of the freedom of maritime
communication’ and “every State's obligation not to allow knowingly its territory to be used
for acts contrary to the rights of other States.”316
However, it was only around the 1970s that raising concerns about the effects of human activity
in the environment led to seeking internationally coordinated resource management. In 1968,
by resolution 2398 (XXIII), the UN General Assembly (UNGA) agreed to organize a World
Conference on the Human Environment, later known as the Stockholm Conference (1972).
Within the Conference, speakers from developing countries placed important emphasis on ‘the
urgent task facing humankind’ to solve the ‘problems of poverty, malnutrition, illiteracy, and
misery’317, and protested the exploitation of natural resources by developed countries in their
territories and the activities of multinational corporations.318 Whereas ‘developed countries’
agreed with these aims, they emphasized the need of taking environmental considerations into
account in national development strategies ‘in order to avoid the mistakes made by developed
countries in their development.’319 The general agreement was that the concept of ‘no growth’
was inviable, but there was a need to ‘rethink the traditional concepts of the basic purposes of
growth.’320
Five outcome documents resulted from the Conference: (1) The Declaration of the United
Nations Conference on the Human Environment; (2) Action Plan for the Human Environment;
(3) Resolution on institutional and Financial Arrangements; (4) Other Resolutions; and (5)
Recommendations for Action at the National Level. The Declaration generally proclaimed that
‘Man’ had reached a stage in which it “acquired the power to transform his environment in
countless ways and on an unprecedented of production scale.”321 Therefore, it stressed a need
to “shape our actions throughout the world with a more prudent care for their environmental
consequences”322. It was argued that both the natural and the man-made aspects of the ‘human
environment’ were “essential to his well-being and to the enjoyment of basic human rights.”323

316

Ibid.
Report of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment, 1972, A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1, Part Three,
Chapter VIII, 44
318
Ibid., Part Three, Chapter VIII, 45
319
Ibid., Part Three, Chapter VIII, 44
320
Ibid., Part Three, Chapter VIII, 37
321
Ibid., Preamble para.1
322
Ibid., Preamble para.6
323
Ibid., Preamble para.1
317

55

In this sense, the ‘protection and improvement of the human environment’ appeared as
necessary to ensure both ‘the well-being of peoples and economic development.’324
The Declaration set forth 26 principles. Despite non-binding, Principle 1 became primarily
significant, as it was the first to recognize a connection between environmental protection and
human rights:
Man has the fundamental right to freedom, equality and adequate conditions of life, in
an environment of a quality that permits a life of dignity and well-being, and he bears
a solemn responsibility to protect and improve the environment for present and future
generations. In this respect, policies promoting or perpetuating apartheid, racial
segregation, discrimination, colonial and other forms of oppression and foreign
domination stand condemned and must be eliminated.325

In consequence, the Declaration called for resource management with a view to safeguarding
natural resources for present and future generations, including careful planning and waste
management.326 On its part, ‘economic and social development’ was mentioned as essential for
guaranteeing improved conditions of the quality of life, including the relationship between
environmental problems and ‘under-development’, which ought to be remedied through
financial and technological assistance; stability and adequacy of prices for primary
commodities and raw materials; and the adoption of environmental policies that did not
adversely affect the ‘development potential of developing countries.’327 Finally, the
Declaration called for an integrated, coordinated and rational development planning, including
demographic policies, national institutions, science and technology, and education and
scientific research with environmental concerns.328 In particular, principle 21 provided that,
States have, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the principles of
international law, the sovereign right to exploit their own resources pursuant to their
own environmental policies, and the responsibility to ensure that activities within their
jurisdiction or control do not cause damage to the environment of other States or of
areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction.329

The latter acquired significant relevance and is considered to express customary international
law, balancing the sovereignty of natural resource exploitation with extra-territorial harm, as
previously recognized in the Trail Smelter Arbitration and Corfu Channel. Principle 22 on its

324

Ibid., Preamble para.2
Ibid., Principle 1
326
Ibid., Principles 2-7
327
Ibid., Principles 9-12
328
Ibid., Principle 13-20
329
Ibid., Principle 21
325

56

part, called states to further cooperate in the development of international law regarding
liability and compensations for extra-territorial harm.
Since environmental regulations imposed limitations to economic activities, principle 23
expressed that,
Without prejudice to such criteria as may be agreed upon by the international
community, or to standards which will have to be determined nationally, it will be
essential in all cases to consider the systems of values prevailing in each country, and
the extent of the applicability of standards which are valid for the most advanced
countries but which may be inappropriate and of unwarranted social cost for the
developing countries.

Finally, Principles 24 to 25 recalled the need for a ‘cooperative spirit’ between states and
international organizations for the protection of the environment, and Principle 26 avowed for
the complete destruction of nuclear weapons.330
A year after the Stockholm Declaration (1973), the General Assembly adopted resolution 3129
(XXVIII) on Cooperation in the field of the Environment concerning natural resources shared
by two or more States. Pursuant to the resolution, the Governing Council of the United Nations
Environment Programme (UNEP) requested the establishment of an Intergovernmental
Working Group of Experts to draft ‘Principles of conduct for the guidance of States in the
conservation and harmonious utilization of natural resources shared by two or more States’.331
The principles reiterated Stockholm principle 21, and included an obligation to notify, equality
of access for non-residents to administrative and legislative procedures and nondiscrimination.332 The principles were approved at UNGA’s 33rd session, but many
governments deemed them acceptable only if maintained as guidelines rather than expressing
binding obligations. Most considered the principles to be used as a ‘negotiating basis’ for
bilateral or multilateral treaties, while Brazil and Ethiopia strongly disapproved them,
explaining these were an excuse for interference in environmental policies and that the
principles were ‘vague, ambiguous, too general, incomplete and impractical.’333
However, environmental concerns continued to permeate the human rights and development
discourse. In 1974, the UN Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States (1974), contained

330

Ibid., Principles 25-26
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme, Res 33/87, 15 December
1978
332
Draft principles of conduct for the guidance of states in the conservation and harmonious exploitation of
natural resources shared by two or more states, 1977
333
A/34/57, 6(b), Annex, Summary of views of individual governments on General Assembly Resolution 33/87
331

57

in resolution 3281 (XXIX), also mentioned among its purposes the creation of conditions for
“the protection, preservation and enhancement of the environment.”334 The Charter included a
section on the ‘common responsibilities towards the international community,’ which provided
that the ‘sea-bed and ocean floor beyond national jurisdiction’ were a common heritage of
mankind. 335 Therefore, it called for the establishment of an international regime applicable to
these areas and resources. Furthermore, the Charter declared the responsibility of all states for
the ‘the protection, preservation and enhancement of the environment for the present and future
generations’, and the duty to establish environmental and developing policies accordingly.336
Among its final provisions, the Charter emphasized the obligation of all states to “contribute
to the balanced expansion of the world economy, taking duly into account the close
interrelationship between the well-being of the developed countries and the growth and
development of the developing countries.”337
In 1983, UNGA resolution 38/161 welcomed the creation of a ‘Special Commission on the
Environmental Perspective to the Year 2000 and Beyond’, later known as the World
Commission on Environment and Development (WCED). The Commission was entrusted with
the task of proposing long-term environmental strategies for achieving sustainable
development ‘to the year 2000 and beyond’, including recommendations for cooperation,
understanding of ‘the interrelationships between people, resources, environment and
development’ and actions to be taken “to deal successfully with the problems of protecting and
enhancing the environment.”338
In 1987, the WCED presented to the General Assembly the outcome of its three-year study.339
The resulting report, Our Common Future (1987), introduced the notion of sustainable
development that currently mobilizes the international agenda —that which “meets the needs
of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own.”340
Mostly known as the Brundtland report, the document presented global concerns and
challenges, emphasizing that ‘a new development path was required.’341 Importantly, the report

334

UN General Assembly, Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States, A/RES/3281, Preamble 5 (f)
Ibid., Article 29
336
Ibid., Article 30
337
Ibid., Article 31
338
Process of preparation of the Environmental Perspective to the Year 2000 and Beyond, 1983, 38/161, emphasis
added
339
Ibid. 10
340
Report of the World Commission on Environment and Development: Our Common Future, Chapter 2, I, 1.
341
Ibid. Overview I (1) (10)
335

58

highlighted that the ‘forces of an insensitive economic development over which they have no
control,’ threatened Indigenous peoples with their virtual extinction.342 Its last chapter,
Towards Common Action, called for institutional and legal changes, seeking to ‘elevate
sustainable development to a global ethic.’343 Increasingly, the notion permeated multiple
spheres of international policy, politics and law.
In Our Responsibility to The Seventh Generation: Indigenous Peoples and Sustainable
Development (1992), Clarkson and Morrissette examined the interrelations between the
progressive detriment of Indigenous livelihoods and the national and international economic
development frameworks. The authors emphasized that, contrary to the common perception of
Indigenous livelihoods and economic systems as disconnected from the modern economy,
traditional livelihood systems often functioned to subsidize the commercial sector. They
explained, for instance, that commodity prices for Indigenous-produced goods are kept low
because Indigenous peoples complement their livelihoods through activities of subsistence,
thus heightening the rate of exploitation of Indigenous producers.344 A recent EMRIP report
(2018) confirmed the latter, as it found that, for example,
pastoralists are estimated to contribute between 10 and 44 per cent of the GDP of
African countries […] 90% of the meat consumed in East Africa comes from
pastoralism [and] an estimated $3 billion of agricultural commodities [in the
U.S.]come from Indian and Alaska Native producers. 345

Similarly, Beckett refers to ‘the false history of development’, under which,
the living standards currently enjoyed in the developed world are subsidized by the
continuing exploitation of the developing world: there are not sufficient resources for
everyone to enjoy our ‘developed’ lifestyle. The promise of development cannot be
realized, and human rights critiques function to disguise this fact by setting impossible
conditions for the entitlement to develop.”346

Clarkson and Morrissette emphasize that the historic processes of impoverishment of the Third
World had disproportionate effects on Indigenous peoples, directly resulting from how
globalization was regulated.347 The authors challenged the ‘supposed inferiority of traditional
economies’ by putting into perspective the devastation resulting from the Western narrative of
development, and the view that underexploited resources are ‘wasted’, instead of ensuring the

342

Ibid.
Ibid. Chapter 12 (2)
344
Clarkson, L., Morrissette, V., and Regallet, 2001, p.26
345
E/C.19/2018/7, 15
346
Beckett, 2016, p.1009
347
Clarkson, L., Morrissette, V., and Regallet, 2001, p.31
343

59

viability of the land for future generations.348 In fact, they mentioned chronic malnutrition and
the decreased capacity of lands as result of the Western production system.
Therefore, they called to action for policy change upholding the notion of inter-generational
equity as relevant to Indigenous perspectives,349 including, first, the protection of traditional
ways of life, self-determined development, protection from encroachment and access to UN
and regional decision-making bodies.350 Second, the recognition of traditional knowledge and
practices for environmental protection and, therefore, the need to develop working
relationships with Indigenous peoples based on equality. The authors called for the promotion
and protection of traditional knowledge in ways that strengthen Indigenous societies, and
following culturally appropriate research methods.351 Finally, the authors advocated for the
creation of healing programs, education for cultural survival, and sustainable economic
development strategies based on the foundations of Indigenous cultures.352

3.3.

Integrating Indigenous Knowledge

After the Brundtland report, the international agenda continued to integrate environmental
concerns within development and human rights debates, commonly referring to the notion of
sustainable development. The concept was extensively included throughout the five outcome
documents of the second UNCED meeting, known as the Earth Summit (1992). The general
outcome document, Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, built upon the
Stockholm Declaration to endorse a human-centered approach to sustainable development.353
The sovereign right of states to exploit natural resources, no extra-territorial harm, and the
interconnections between development, environmental protection, and the eradication of
poverty and global disparities were recalled.354 Furthermore, principles 6 to 9 developed the
notion of ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’, situating developing countries as the
‘most environmentally vulnerable’, while referring to developed countries as responsible to

348

Ibid., p.66
Ibid., p.76
350
Ibid., pp.78-80
351
Ibid., pp.81-83
352
Ibid., pp.84-87
353
A/CONF.151/26 (Vol. I), Annex 1, Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, Preamble, principle 1
354
Ibid., Principles 2-5
349

60

eliminate unsustainable patterns of production and consumption and to strengthen the capacity
building and technology transfer to developing countries.355
The Declaration also outlined domestic and international responsibilities. At the domestic
level, states were called to ensure participation and awareness of all citizens in environmental
concerns, provide effective access to judicial and administrative procedures, and to create
effective environmental legislation.356 At the international level, the responsibilities included
the promotion of a ‘supportive and open international economic system’; the development of
liability and compensation rules for environmental damage; the need to discourage or prevent
the transfer of harmful substances; and the protection of the environment in armed conflict. 357
The vital role of women and youth in environmental management and development was also
stressed.358 In particular, principles 15 to 19 have acquired major prominence as core concepts
of international environmental law and sustainable development. Principle 15 referred to what
is known as the precautionary approach, namely,
Where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty
shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent
environmental degradation.359

Principle 16, known as the polluter pays principle, states that,
National authorities should endeavour to promote the internalization of environmental
costs and the use of economic instruments, taking into account the approach that the
polluter should, in principle, bear the cost of pollution, with due regard to the public
interest and without distorting international trade and investment.360

On its part, principle 17 referred to the general responsibility to conduct environmental impact
assessments and principles 18 and 19 concern the duty to notify on potential transboundary
affectations, as well as consultation in good faith ‘at an early stage.’361
Additionally, the Declaration recognized the ‘interdependence and indivisibility between
peace, development and environmental protection,’ calling to peaceful resolution of disputes
and cooperation in good faith.362 After the Rio Conference, there has been a general consensus
in that sustainable development comprises the integration of environmental, trade and human

355

Ibid., Principles 6-9
Ibid., Principles 10-11
357
Ibid., Principles 12, 13, 14, 20, 21
358
Ibid., Principles 23, 24
359
Ibid., 15
360
Ibid., 16
361
Ibid., 17, 18, 19
362
Ibid., 25, 26
356

61

rights law. The Action Program of the Conference, namely, Agenda 21, insisted on the legal
aspects of sustainable development and the adoption of international standards accordingly.363
Significantly, principle 22 of the Rio Declaration recognized for the first time the ‘vital role’
of Indigenous peoples in environmental management and development, as follows:
Indigenous people and their communities and other local communities have a vital role
in environmental management and development because of their knowledge and
traditional practices. States should recognize and duly support their identity, culture
and interests and enable their effective participation in the achievement of sustainable
development.364

Aside from the general outcome document, two treaties were opened for signature from the
Rio Convention, namely, the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and
the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD). The UNFCCC has the objective of stabilizing
greenhouse gas emissions through ‘coordinated responses’, cooperation and participation of all
states in accordance with their ‘common but differentiated responsibilities’.365 Aside from the
principles contained in the Rio Declaration, UNFCCC explicitly mentioned ‘the promotion of
sustainable development’ as a right and duty of the states.366 The Conference of Parties was
established as ‘supreme body’ of the Convention,367 and the Kyoto Protocol (1997)
operationalized the UNFCCC by following individually agreed targets and establishing a
review system.368 In line with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities, the
Protocol places a heavier burden for sustainable development on developed countries.
On its part, the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD, 1992) was adopted for the
“conservation of biological diversity, the sustainable use of its components and the fair and
equitable sharing of the benefits arising out of the utilization of genetic resources”369. The CBD
repeated the definition of sustainability as, in this case, using biological resources in a way that
maintains its potential to meet the needs and aspirations of present and future generations.370
Furthermore, CBD was the first international treaty to recognize the “close and traditional
dependence of many indigenous and local communities embodying traditional lifestyles on

363

Ibid., Agenda 21, Chapter 39
Ibid., 22
365
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UFCCC), 1994, Preamble, paras, 21-22, 1, 3, 6,
8
366
Ibid., Art 3 (4)
367
Ibid., Art 7 (2)
368
Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, Kyoto, 11 December 1997,
Arts. 3 (1), 8, 9, 13
369
Convention on Biological Diversity, 1992, Art. 1
370
Ibid., Art 2 (17)
364

62

biological resources, and the desirability of sharing equitably benefits”371, as well as, the
responsibility of the states to,
Subject to its national legislation, respect, preserve and maintain knowledge,
innovations and practices of indigenous and local communities embodying traditional
lifestyles relevant for the conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity and
promote their wider application with the approval and involvement of the holders of
such knowledge, innovations and practices and encourage the equitable sharing of the
benefits arising from the utilization of such knowledge, innovations and practices.372

Accordingly, CBD included Indigenous peoples’ ‘specialized knowledge’ in the procedures
for exchange of information relevant to conservation and sustainability, in combination with
technologies;373 and the creation of cooperation methods “for the development and use of
technologies, including Indigenous and traditional technologies.”374
Few years after the Earth Summit, the Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development,
adopted in the UN World Summit for Social Development (1995), recognized “the expansion
of prosperity for some, unfortunately accompanied by an expansion of unspeakable poverty for
others.”375 It mentioned that global wealth had ‘multiplied sevenfold in the past 50 years’, yet
more than one billion people in the world live in abject poverty.376 Among its resolutions, it
committed to recognize, support and respect the rights of Indigenous peoples in the pursuit of
development, “in accordance with their identity, traditions, forms of social organization and
cultural values.”377 The Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety adopted in 2000 to CBD also
recognized the value of biological diversity to Indigenous peoples and encouraged states ‘to
cooperate on research and information exchange’ on the socio-economic impacts of living
modified organisms as regards Indigenous peoples.378
Several other conferences concerning sustainable development were organized under the
auspices of the UN. In 2002, the Declaration on Sustainable Development, adopted in the
Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development (WSSD) reaffirmed the Stockholm
and Rio Documents and the global commitment to sustainable development,379 including the

371

Ibid., Preamble 11
Ibid., Art 8 (j)
373
Ibid., Art 17 (1)
374
Ibid., Art 18 (4)
375
A/CONF.166/9, 4
376
A/CONF.166/9, 15 (a); 16 (b)
377
A/CONF.166/9 para 26 (m); Commitment 4 (f); D (75)
378
Cartagena Protocol on Biosafety, Article 26
379
A/CONF.199/L.7, 1, 2, 8
372

63

recognition of the ‘vital role’ of Indigenous peoples on the matter.380 This time, broader
attention was given to development and poverty eradication, while environmental concerns
were relegated to a second place. There was only one reference to environmental damages,381
and natural resource management was explicitly mentioned as a tool for economic and social
development.382 The Declaration mentioned the need to use “our rich diversity for constructive
partnership for change for sustainable development”383, and ‘speedily increase access to basic
requirements.’384 The ‘ever-increasing gap between the rich and the poor, and the developed
and developing worlds’ were highlighted, as well as the uneven distribution of the benefits and
costs of globalization.385 Therefore, the Declaration placed an increased importance in access
to financial resources, open markets, technology and capacity building to ‘banish forever
underdevelopment.’386 It referred to the legitimate activities of the private sector, assistance for
increasing incomes and employment and corporate accountability.387
In 2010, the adoption of the Nagoya Protocol to the CBD, on Access to Genetic Resources and
the Fair and Equitable Sharing of Benefits Arising from their Utilization regulated genetic
resources and the fair and equitable share of benefits from their utilization, including several
provisions on Indigenous peoples’ traditional knowledge. The Nagoya Protocol noted
the interrelationship between genetic resources and traditional knowledge, their
inseparable nature for indigenous and local communities, the importance of the
traditional knowledge for the conservation of biological diversity and the sustainable
use of its components, and for the sustainable livelihoods of these communities.388

Therefore, it recognized the diverse and unique circumstances under which Indigenous
knowledge is held, the rich heritage relevant for conservation and sustainability, and the
condition of Indigenous peoples as rightful holders of traditional knowledge, recalling
UNDRIP and Indigenous peoples’ rights as relevant for the interpretation of the Protocol.389
Article 5 of the Protocol proclaimed the responsibility of the states to ensure, through
legislative, administrative and policy measures the fair and equitable share of benefits arising

380

Ibid., 25
Ibid., 13
382
Ibid., 11, 21
383
Ibid., 16
384
Ibid., 18
385
Ibid., 12, 14, 21
386
Ibid., 18
387
Ibid., 27
388
Nagoya Protocol on Access to Genetic Resources and the Fair and Equitable Sharing of Benefits Arising from
their Utilization to the Convention on Biological Diversity, Preamble 22
389
Ibid., Preamble 23, 24, 25, 26, 27
381

64

from the utilization of genetic resources held by Indigenous and local communities, “in
accordance with domestic legislation regarding the established rights of these indigenous and
local communities over these genetic resources.”390 In this regard, article 12 provided that
States parties shall,
(1) in accordance with domestic law take into consideration indigenous and local
communities’ customary laws, community protocols and procedures, as applicable,
with respect to traditional knowledge associated with genetic resources.
(2) with the effective participation of the indigenous and local communities concerned,
establish mechanisms to inform potential users of traditional knowledge associated with
genetic resources about their obligations
(3) endeavour to support, as appropriate, the development by indigenous and local
communities, including women, of:
(a) Community protocols in relation to access to traditional knowledge
associated with genetic resources and the fair and equitable sharing of benefits
arising out of the utilization of such knowledge;
(b) Minimum requirements for mutually agreed terms to secure the fair and
equitable sharing of benefits arising from the utilization of traditional
knowledge associated with genetic resources; and
(c) Model contractual clauses for benefit-sharing arising from the utilization
of traditional knowledge associated with genetic resources.
(4) as far as possible, not restrict the customary use and exchange of genetic resources
and associated traditional knowledge within and amongst indigenous and local
communities in accordance with the objectives of the Convention.

Additionally, various provisions of the Protocol refer to ensuring prior and informed consent
in obtaining access to traditional knowledge associated with genetic resources held by
Indigenous peoples and ensuring mutually agreed terms, including the responsibility of the
state to provide information on relevant competent Indigenous authorities.391 With regards to
capacity building in least developed countries, the Protocol provides the need to facilitate in
this context the involvement, participation an identification of priority needs of Indigenous and
local communities, leading to the adoption of special measures, with emphasis on Indigenous
women.392 Finally, the protocol includes requirements on awareness raisins regarding the
importance of traditional knowledge associated with genetic resources, including meetings,

390

Ibid., Article 5
Ibid., Arts. 3 (f), 6 (2), 7, 13 (1)(b), 14 (3), 16
392
Ibid., Art. 22, 25 (3)
391

65

codes of conduct, best practices or standards, as well as on participation and information on
community protocols.393
In 2016, the first legally binding climate change agreement adopted at COP 21, the Paris
Agreement (2016) recognized human rights and, explicitly the rights of Indigenous peoples:
Acknowledging that climate change is a common concern of humankind, Parties
should, when taking action to address climate change, respect, promote and consider
their respective obligations on human rights, the right to health, the rights of indigenous
peoples, local communities, migrants, children, persons with disabilities and people in
vulnerable situations and the right to development, as well as gender equality,
empowerment of women and intergenerational equity.394

The Agreement proclaimed that adaptation to climate change must be country-driven, genderresponsive, participatory, and fully transparent, taking into consideration, among others,
traditional, Indigneous and local knowledge systems.395
In 2018, Under Decision 2/CP.23, the Conference of the Parties established the Local
Communities and Indigenous Peoples Platform (LCIPP) with the purposes of (a)
strengthening, protecting and preserving traditional Indigenous and local knowledge systems,
technologies and practices; (b) building capacity for the engagement of Indigenous peoples in
the UNFCCC process and as towards state parties and other actors; and (c) facilitate the
integration of diverse knowledge systems, practices and innovations in designing and
implementing international and national actions, programs and policies in respect for the
interests and rights of Indigenous peoples and local communities. At COP 24, the Facilitative
Working Group was established to operationalize LCIPP. The Facilitative Working Group
(FWG) is composed by 14 representatives, 7 corresponding to the state Parties, and 7 from
Indigenous organizations.

393

Ibid., Art. 21
Paris Agreement, FCCC/CP/2015/10/Add.1, Preamble 11: Decision 1, Preamble 7, 15
395
Ibid. Art 7 (5)
394

66

4. CONVERGENCES AND DISENCOUNTERS

4.1.

Considerations on Self-determination

In theory, the idea of self-determination mobilizes a discourse of freedom and/or liberation in
a collective sense; the materialization of a ‘peoples’ free will in pursuit of their interests. From
this perspective, it appears as a tool to challenge power imbalances, domination, or the
legitimacy of governments: a claim for the realization of a suppressed ‘collective will’.
However, from a state-centric perspective, self-determination is expressed through the
maintenance of the territorial status quo, because it aligns ‘peoples’ and the state, presuming
their self-determination is already expressed and manifested through the states’ borders and
institutions. Despite the inequality of power between the state and peoples ought to be balanced
with a presumption in favor of the right, the preservation of the territorial status quo is favored
in the practice. Territorial integrity remains the most compelling limitation to the right to selfdetermination because it is inherent to sovereignty and fundamentally linked to other core
principles for the observance of international law, such as exclusive territorial jurisdiction, nonintervention in domestic affairs, political independence, and the inviolability of the state
frontiers.
Central difficulties for reconciling these tensions arise from the Westphalian individual/state
dichotomy, which supposes the state embodies a ‘collective will’ united by common cultural,
sociological, or ethnic characteristics, to the extent that its rights (of the state) must be protected
above and against individual and collective aspirations within. However, the formation of
modern nation-states was largely a product of military power and territorial control, which
suppressed multiple nations. In the practice, self-determination informed the territorial
reorganization of Eastern Europe after the war, but generated opposing claims from excluded
minorities, that did not see their collective will represented nor materialized in the newly
established borders. It underpinned decolonization for the achievement of independence of
colonized peoples but perpetuated colonial borders and structures. It was later employed by
post-colonial countries to challenge the unequal character of the international legal and political
system and, at the same time, to exclude, subjugate and assimilate minorities and Indigenous
peoples in the name of nation-building.
In this context, Indigenous peoples continued to challenge the myths of national and territorial
unity of the modern states since the beginning of the 20th century, as well as the legitimacy of
67

state sovereignty –as grounded on the free consent of governed. Further than concerning
interstate relations, early international law concentrated on regulating non-European worlds.
Whether through neglect or recognition, international law often adopted paternalistic and
discriminatory approaches vis-à-vis Indigenous peoples, sanctioning their dispossession,
exploitation, and assimilation. During decolonization, self-determination developed as to
legitimate the borders and structures previously established by colonial powers. In fact, it was
the notion of self-determination which, through the universalization of the Westphalian nationstate in accordance with the principle of uti possidetis juris, crystallized the negation of
Indigenous authority, governance systems and territorial organization. With the Declaration on
Friendly Relations, a shift in the self-determination discourse was perceived, moving towards
a more people-centered approach. The Declaration coupled the territorial integrity limitation
with the ‘conduct’ of the states, expressing these must comply with equal rights and represent
the whole peoples of their territories without discrimination.
In this context, the fragmentation of self-determination into an ‘external’ and ‘internal’
dimension both allowed for the recognition of self-determination as a right and simultaneously
re-enacted the primacy of the state. Whereas Indigenous peoples continued to exert and claim
recognition of their sovereignty throughout history as nations, these were displaced with the
conceptualization of self-determination as a right. The latter both allowed certain level of
recognition long neglected, while at the same time limited its application in relation to
historically marginalized nations, because redressing historical patterns of dispossession,
exploitation and assimilation involves a territorial and socio-political reorganization that
contests the borders and structures universalized during the post-war period, as well as the
haunting ideal of culturally homogeneous nation-states. While ‘internal’ self-determination as
democratic means of participation or representation may, in some cases, serve the purpose of
manifesting ‘the peoples’ will’, it remains unable to address the legacies of the prolonged
colonialism to which Indigenous peoples have been, and continue to be subject.
The conceptualization of Indigenous self-determination as a right, in coexistence with
Westphalian conceptions of sovereignty and statehood remain unable to express the
complexities involved in fully implementing Indigenous self-determination. Without
disregarding crucial efforts, the standards on the right to self-determination fall short to the
depth and extent of Indigenous practice, as well as to the Indigenous assertion of inherent

68

authority to self-determine.396 As Woons puts it, “Indigenous self-determination is not
something that has been lost or destroyed. Instead, centuries of colonization have set in motion
events and created circumstances that have forced Indigenous peoples to adapt in how they
assert their authority to self-determine within their homelands.”397 In this process, Indigenous
peoples have used and asserted universal human rights to seek redress from historical violence,
address ongoing injustices and counter approaches that discriminate, dispossess, exploit, and
oppress them, often based on moral or cultural superiority. Nonetheless, when primarily
operationalized as rights of inclusion, the subordination of Indigenous authority is often
replicated.
In this context, some argue Indigenous rights may be seen as pre-existing the current
international law system, “in the sense that they are not developed from the legal system of
surrounding states but arise sui generis from the historical condition of indigenous peoples as
distinctive societies with the aspiration to survive as such”398 –their inherent authority to selfdetermine. In fact, Indigenous peoples have had ‘traditions of diplomacy’ long before contact
with Europeans, which “included rituals for establishing relationships and expressions of
sacred obligations.”399 In this sense, Indigenous self-determination not only comprises (first,)
the various “approaches pursued within and against modern states that all too often perpetuate
colonialism by ignoring –or even promoting– its logic and effects.”400 It also denotes (second,)
the multiple situated forms of individual and collective resistance that safeguard Indigenous
peoples’ lives and heritages, encompassing both historical and modern systems of relations,
which surpass their relations to the States. As recently expressed by the Special Rapporteur,
insufficient attention has been devoted to the interpretation by indigenous peoples
themselves of those rights and to their own initiatives to realize them […] indigenous
peoples’ interpretation should be the starting point for the development and adoption
of the legal, policy and administrative measures required for implementation.401

For instance, Picq analyzes the opposition to extractivism present in many Indigenous struggles
as a claim to self-determination that entails recognizing ‘plural forms of territorial authority’
and a ‘redistribution of rights’ that contests current assumptions of statehood, sovereignty and

396

Woons, 2014, p.11, emphasis added
Woons, 2014, p.9, emphasis added
398
Marks, 1991, p.5
399
Carpenter, 2021, p.118-119
400
Woons, p.5
401
A/74/149, 18
397

69

concentration of power.402 On its part, De Costa explores how administrative and legal practice
on defining Indigenous peoples and membership continues to constitute a perpetuation of
colonial systems of domination.”403 In another example, Rowse proposes an understanding of
Indigenous self-determination as self-transformation, underlining its character as “both
backward-looking and forward-looking[:] not only conservative and restorative, but also
exploratory of progressive change.”404 In this context, the author mentions that, while
Indigenous self-determination may be realized as societal/communitarian transformation, these
processes occur ‘in a context shaped by non-Indigenous authorities’ that ‘they have not chosen,
yet cannot ignore’ –thus highlighting the asymmetries of power in the exercise of the right.405
On its part, Kuokkanen defines Indigenous self-determination as “a foundational value that
seeks to restructure all relations of domination premised on inequality and injustice,
[including] settler colonialism, neoliberal capitalism, paternalism, misogyny, sexism,
homophobia, and gender violence.”406 Under this perspective, self-determination as a ‘value’,
constitutes a “shared articulation of what a group considers indispensable for their wellbeing
as individuals and as a people, which guides lives, actions, choices and decisions collectively
and individually.”407 According to the author, Indigenous self-determination therefore “fosters
the norm of integrity manifested in two central forms, integrity of the land and individual
integrity, including freedom from bodily harm and violence.”408
According to Kuokkanen, Indigenous self-determination today is expressed in a spectrum. On
one side, the author situates the case of Greenland as a ‘precedent-setting case,’ in which the
Inuit “have arguably achieved the most extensive degree of Indigenous self-determination in
the world.”409 At the other side of the spectrum are the Sápmi, which “hold symbolic
significance, but do not have jurisdiction over their own affairs[;] a situation where Indigenous
political institutions are limited to self-administration and consultation with the states.”410 In
this respect, Kuokkanen emphasizes that ‘merely inserting’ indigenous views within the state
structure is an adjustment unable to reflect or represent the meanings of self-determination for

402

Picq, 2014, p.31
De Costa, 2014, p.19
404
Rowse, 2014, p.43
405
Ibid.
406
Kuokkanen 2019, p.1, emphasis added
407
Ibid., p.218
408
Ibid., p.2
409
Ibid., p.97
410
Ibid., p.98
403

70

Indigenous peoples, and its full normative implications, particularly in the case of Indigenous
women.411 Therefore, the author proposes a third dimension of Indigenous self-determination,
which involves “dismantling the existing structures and a radical shift in Indigenous
governance through the restoration and reclaiming of the political roles and authority of
Indigenous women alongside traditional governance structures and political orders.”412
In this respect, the efforts of diverse social scientists to ‘translate’ Indigenous cosmologies can
also be illustrative. For instance, in an attempt to understand Amazonian worldviews, Viveiros
de Castro describes what he calls ‘Amerindian multinaturalism’. The author explains that,
contrary to the Western assumption of unity of nature (objective universality) and multiplicity
of cultures (subjective particularity), the ‘Amerindian’ conception supposes spiritual unity and
corporeal diversity.413 Human and non-human beings are all bestowed with the same
(universal) personhood or subjectivity. What differs is their multiples ‘natures’ or
‘perspectives’ of the world and of each other.414 Personhood, understood as ‘the capacity to
occupy a point of view,’ is shared by all human and non-human beings, and each occupies this
point of view from a different perspective. Put in other words by Mendoza, “the caveat here is
not that they see no difference between the bodies of animals and humans, but that animals, a
jaguar, for instance, possesses his own perspective of the world.”415 Since relations between
different natures are always based on a shared personhood, their governance and legal systems
encompass a much broader array of relations than those conceptualized by Western law.
In fact, one of the basic assumptions of human rights, as constructed within the humanistic
secular project, is that humans and animals fundamentally differ, and that there is something
inherently valuable in human activity against other forms of life. Whereas the commonalities
and differences between Indigenous and Western ontologies may not be as ‘clear-cut’ as
described by Viveiros de Castro, the example is illustrative of the limitations within human
rights discourse as regards Indigenous peoples. In ‘Who Speaks for the Human in Human
Rights,’ Mignolo traced the foundations behind this disengagement: “From the sixteenth
century to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), He who speaks for the human
is an actor embodying the Western ideal of being Christian, being man and being human.”416

411

Ibid., p.30
Ibid. p.4
413
Viveiros de Castro, 2016, pp.196-205
414
Viveiros de Castro, 2016, pp.203-204
415
Mendoza, 2018, p.118
416
Mignolo, 2009, p.10
412

71

Seeking to distinguish themselves from others, European Renaissance humanists construed the
‘human’ as necessarily opposed to animals and to communities perceived as a threat; “[b]eing
human meant to be rational, and rationality was limited to what philosophers and political
theorists of the Enlightenment said it was.”417
In this context, it is useful to refer to what Ahenakew calls ‘grafting’ Indigenous ways of
knowing onto non-indigenous ways of being. Whereas the author uses the concept in an
analysis of academic research settings, it contains useful insights regarding the Indigenous
rights regime, because it highlights the power dynamics in ‘recognition’ and the limitations of
inclusion and integration. Ahenakew uses the notion of ‘grafting’ to describe “the act of
transplanting ways of knowing and being from a context where they emerge naturally to a
context where they are artificially implanted”418 –when Indigenous epistemologies are
interpreted through non-Indigenous ontologies. Though Ahenakew does not condemn the
process of grafting itself, and recognizes that the search for ‘hybridity’ can be a generative
process, he explains that the ‘severely uneven interface’ between Indigenous and nonindigenous worldviews produce a situation in which “the grafting/hybridizing does not happen
as a mutual exercise, but as assimilation.”419
Similarly, ‘grafting’ Indigenous self-determination within human rights discourse poses
critical paradoxes. Certainly, it appears as a tool for Indigenous peoples to position themselves
internationally as distinct societies with the right to live as such. It recognizes the ‘legitimacy’
of Indigenous ways of being as formally equal to other societal formations –a shared humanity
long neglected. The problem with recognition is when it appears as a rearticulation of power,
mobilizing a view under which Indigenous rights, rather than related to a process of historical
reparation, are seen as a state’s concession, a permission granted. Under this view, the concrete
outcomes of the enjoyment of rights are unilaterally defined by States.420 Moreover, when
perceived as concession, Indigenous rights may be “used to co-opt or promote inadequate
compromises.”421 As Ahenakew explains, Indigenous views may be either “incorporated as a
colourful (but insignificant) alternative to what is considered ‘normal’ […] or perceived as

417

Mignolo, 2009, p.14
Ahenakew, 2016, p.323
419
Ahenakew, 2016, p.324
420
A/74/149, 20
421
Woons, 2014, p.9
418

72

something that is already integral to the dominant logic and therefore also insignificant, given
that it offers nothing new.”422
In addition, framing and construing Indigenous self-determination from within international
law’s ‘tradition’ without acknowledging its own theoretical limitations, reproduces a
subordination of Indigenous self-determination, authority, and the full normative implications
of their overall governance systems. The exercise of local autonomy, participation within state
institutions, the right to consent or to retain their lands as long as they are not in the ‘public
interest,’ may be paradoxically used to prevent the transformation of the state. These forms of
autonomy, participation, consent or ‘land tenure’ are expected to be inserted within, and
reproduce, state institutions and referents that are assumed to be neutral. The latter naturalizes
the subordinated position of Indigenous peoples and their knowledge/governance systems by
continuing to present the non-indigenous as the depoliticized members of society. In this sense,
‘grafting’ Indigenous self-determination into the existing state structures may further
contribute to assimilation and diminish the perceived worth of Indigenous systems, practices
and aspirations, which appear as particularized, rather than as possessing universal value.
In fact, the overemphasis of Indigenous self-determination as relating exclusively their internal
and local affairs situates Indigenous authority as disconnected; as if Indigenous peoples were
not inserted in (and most disproportionately affected by) the national, regional and global
regulations. This apparent disconnection often means that their authority is rendered powerless
face to the multiple ‘external’ flows that ‘indirectly’ affect them. It reinforces the divide
between Indigenous peoples and the rest; as if their struggles do not concern the ‘universal
human,’ but rather particular, localized minorities. Recent environmental concerns could be
changing this, as the protection of the environment and natural resources, begins to be seen as
a pressing need of all humanity. But when, how and to what extent can Indigneous peoples
speak? The increasing recognition of Indigenous ecological knowledge has put Indigenous
peoples in the spotlight, gaining unprecedented momentum for being situated at the
intersections between global debates on how to build sustainable futures that respect human
rights (just, fair, equal), environmental protection (climate change) and economic development
(poverty reduction, hunger) in a global governance framework.423

422
423

73

Ahenakew, 2016, p.336
Merino, 2021

Nonetheless, conventional legal practice tends to interpret Indigenous self-determination as
‘deduced’ from the particularization of general principles, rights, and standards, rather than
practiced by Indigenous peoples throughout history. Notwithstanding key efforts, Indigenous
self-determination, as a right, continues to be given content and scope as to adapt and reproduce
what the states perceive (opinio juris) and grant (state practice) it to be: it is grafted into a statecentered system that fails to meet them as equals. The result is often an arrangement of varied
forms of local autonomy and accommodation into state institutions, many of which are
precisely built upon a denial of Indigenous self-determination. Since human rights often appear
as unquestionable and virtuous per se, embodying ‘the universal language of social justice,’424
it is harder to grasp their theoretical limitations and often-dual character. The Indigenous rights
discourse both promotes and constrains Indigenous self-determination or, in other words,
promotes an incomplete understanding of Indigenous self-determination. Diverse authors have
explored the ways in which international and human rights law may promote Indigenous selfdetermination but are also complicit in denying it.

4.2.

Emerging Regulations for Sustainability

The notions of well-being, development and progress have been fundamentally linked to
international law since the establishment of the UN, as a common responsibility of all states.
However, the creation of international economic institutions and the progressive
internationalization of development became a justification for the external management of
postcolonial economies. The liberalization of the ‘underdeveloped’ worlds signified in the
practice an interventionist process for the inequitable introduction of low-cost human and
natural resources into the global market. External development aid, for instance, was
conditioned upon the removal of import tariffs and protection measures, as well as the
privatization of national industries. Since development became relevant within international
law precisely as towards states perceived as ‘developing’, the latter resulted in a continued
reduction of their sovereignty in the regulation of foreign investment and development
activities. At the same time, it propitiated the accumulation of wealth of those that were not
subject, but beneficiaries, of these restrictions –the ‘developed’ world.

424

74

Rittich, 2016, p.835

In the attempt to reclaim domestic control over their economic activities, Third World countries
continuously denounced the perpetuation of colonial regimes through human and resource
exploitation, land grabbing, and unequitable terms of exchange. Therefore, they called for
establishing the principle of permanent sovereignty over natural resources and a New
International Economic Order (NIEO). However, the NIEO provisions were barely reflected
in international economic, trade and investment law. After colonialism effectively destroyed
traditional livelihoods, social and governance systems, postcolonial independence through selfdetermination was not only subject to maintaining colonial borders and structures, but also
wealth distribution patterns.425 The exploitation of previously colonized peoples and territories,
now framed as the ‘Third World’, continued to be exerted through their integration into the
world market in unequal terms.426
In this context, the rise of systematic violence in many postcolonial states, as well as the
advancement of the human rights discourse, led to a shift of focus in development. The ‘human
person’ was centered as main subject of development, which served to contest the rise of
authoritarian rule and extreme violence in some countries. However, it also displaced the
debate on the structural roots of economic inequality and how the international legal order was
complicit in producing them. If development is a human right, underdevelopment is a lack of
it. Paradoxically, the rise of human rights violations in many postcolonial states, as well as the
very strengthening of the human rights discourse, served to place the sole responsibility for
(the lack of) development on exploited states themselves, while obscuring the links between
the international legal economic order, ‘the widening gap’, and the realization of human rights.
‘Developing’ countries appear as the sole accountable for the most flagrant human rights
violations: since they are the responsibility-bearers of the well-being of their peoples, they are
also the ones guilty of their own lack of development.
This picture fails to consider how international actors, particularly powerful states and private
companies as lawmakers, are complicit in producing and profiting from these situations outside
their borders. Not only their wealth has been largely produced by a prolonged colonialism and
over-exploitation of other peoples and territories, but the material results of this exploitation –
the accumulation of extreme wealth on the one side, and extreme conflict and poverty on the
other– appear as justification for (and confirmation of the need of) foreign domination

425
426

75

Ibid., 2016, p.829
Beckett, 2016, p.993

(international regulation). Therefore, international law has been instrumental in this task. The
administration of overexploited worlds has been a central function of international law since
its inception: it responded to the encounters with others by justifying their exploitation,
domination and dispossession. The development discourse itself became a main driver of overexploitation. With the recent centering of ‘the human person’ in development, the emphasis
was put in strengthening the individual’s capacities to participate in global markets and the
promotion of democratic governance, while human rights violations were seen as a cause,
rather than consequence, of global inequality.
In this scenario, Beckett argues that global poverty is ‘created, maintained, and regulated’ by
international law. In the words of the author, it is a ‘man-made phenomenon,’ produced by a
legal regime that “benefit[s] some groups of people, even as they massively disadvantage
others.”427 In an examination of the agenda imposed by international financial institutions, the
World Trade Organization (WTO), bilateral investment treaty regimes and the terms of trade
agreements with the European Union, U.S., and China, the author concludes that international
economic and investment regulations are intended to maintain a “supply of cheap resources to
the world market, secured at the cost of decreasing wages and social support, and increasing
exploitation.”428 For instance, he explains, while “tax evasion is unlawful, it is also facilitated
by law through client confidentiality protection […] patent laws are globalized, and antitrust
measures universalized, but labor standards are rarely exported.”429 Moreover, many trade and
investment agreements effectively constrain the possibility of Third World governments to
protect or subsidize national economic sectors, encouraging “the mass exploitation of their
people and resources.”430As the author explains,
The average lifestyle in the developed world depends on the constant resource flow
from South to North which is materially unavailable to the majority of the planet’s
inhabitants; there are simply not enough resources to allow it […] Even the more
modest consumption patterns in the United Kingdom would require the resources of
3.1 Planet Earths to replicate universally. The wealth of the North produces (and is
produced by) the poverty of the South […]
The citizens of the developed world sit atop the human food-chain, the ‘ultimate
predator’. Yet these same citizens are taught to conceive of themselves as enlightened
and civilized, the bearers of humanity. This dissonance (the denial of the link between
poverty and wealth) is managed through law. The naturalization of poverty allows us

427

Ibid., p.986
Ibid., p.993
429
Ibid., pp.994-995
430
Ibid.
428

76

to believe in our development from—rather than implication in—the plight of the
extremely poor.
Poverty-blindness is achieved by naturalizing our sense of entitlement to the spoils we
enjoy as beneficiaries of a global order that perpetuates extreme poverty. This in turn
is achieved through an extremely partisan analysis of the causes of poverty. Such
analyses typically present poverty as caused by localized human rights abuses
(themselves inexplicable), and imply that if human rights were respected, economic
development would follow, and poverty would be eradicated. If only the Darker
Nations could learn to implement human rights, then they too could be like us. This is
simply untrue.431

The conventional (ahistorical) ways in which human rights law tells the story of development,
progress, and well-being, places states as sole responsible for guaranteeing (or causing the lack
of) ‘minimum standards’ of well-being towards its populations. However, the ‘pressing need’
to continuously accelerate economic growth and productivity, in tandem with protectionisms
and trade and investment restrictions continued to exponentially direct the benefits of growth
to industrialized countries through the activities of transnational companies. Global poverty, in
its most extreme forms, is framed as a particularized ‘problem’ of countries that are ironically
rich in resources and people. As produced by an unequitable international economic,
investment and trade law, the overexploitation of materials, peoples and knowledge of
postcolonial states has in fact sustained the enrichment of global powers over centuries and the
consequent impoverishment of a great percentage of the global population. The assumption
that human rights compliance is merely a matter of political will neglects that control over
resources is a necessary requirement for the full guarantee of human rights: “Human rights
compliance does not make a society rich, quite the contrary; a society must already be rich in
order to afford human rights compliance.”432
In this context, developing countries urged for hardening notions such as sovereign equality,
self-determination, territorial integrity, non-interference and permanent sovereignty over
natural resources. Paradoxically, the legal tools that serve postcolonial countries to regain
control over their political and economic development, are the same tools that serve to contest
Indigenous self-determined development. As recently explained at UNPFII,
Investment treaties typically recognize that States have the right to expropriate land in
order to allow investments, often establishing legal standards of protection for investors
that undermine internationally recognized indigenous peoples’ rights.433

431

Ibid., p.990-998
Ibid., p.1010
433
E/C.19/2018/7, 37
432

77

Though it was assumed Indigenous peoples would benefit from decolonization, most were
subjected to a rearticulation of the coloniality of power.434 In the quest to ‘catch-up with
modernity,’ many post-colonial states re-enacted practices of systematic territorial
dispossession, labor exploitation and assimilation policies, aimed at turning Indigenous
peoples into ‘productive members of society.’435 Remaining collective systems or communal
lands from colonial administrations were dismantled, and Indigenous peoples were denied both
nationhood and territoriality. Seen as ‘backward peoples’ in need of actualization, Indigenous
peoples were disproportionately affected by the emerging regulations of a globalized, open,
investor-friendly market economy. The pursuit of economic development in the Third World
was understood “principally in terms of the furtherance of industrialization and modernization,
[which was] expected to marginalize ethnic identity.”436 Until today, Indigenous peoples
continue to be affected by
[…] land grabs taking place under investment treaties signed between States and private
investors. These changes in the legal framework are in favour of the investors and to
the detriment of indigenous peoples, who are not informed of or protected in such
treaties.437

With the increasing concerns for environmental damage, there are growing efforts to regulate
natural resource management and exploitation at an international scale. This is of particular
importance for Indigenous peoples, as they often live in territories that are rich in natural
resources, which are now becoming subject to international regulation. In fact, the increasing
trends of systematical human rights abuse of Indigenous peoples are mostly caused by conflicts
over natural resources in their territories and land grabbing. In the context of the emerging law
concerning sustainability, states are called to create effective environmental legislation while
ensuring extensive civil participation. However, engaging with the current international legal
system also derives in continuous tensions for Indigenous peoples. It poses the paradoxes of
appearing as opposing the majorities’ needs and the ‘legitimate aspirations’ of states to expand
privatization, private property, the logics of land improvement and overall territorial possession
of the state, which has the authority to determine ‘how to better exploit the land’ in the quest
for eradicating extreme poverty and its related deprivations. Indigenous peoples are often
viewed as the ones saying ‘no’ against the majoritarian needs.

434

Quijano, 2000, p. 567
Ibid., p. 567
436
Anghie, 2004, p.206
437
E/C.19/2018/7, 36
435

78

Furthermore, the notion of common but differentiated responsibilities has led to the
identification of developing countries as the most environmentally vulnerable while developed
countries are called to the take the lead. However, this is not applied, for instance, to the goals
of economic growth (necessarily linked with resource regulation). In Hickel’s analysis of
resource use and greenhouse gas emissions with respect to the Sustainable Development Goals,
the author mentions that a sustained aggregate GDP growth at 3%/ year, as presently
formulated, is incompatible with the objectives on resource use and climate change.438 The
author explains that,
past a certain threshold, additional GDP is no longer necessary for achieving these
objectives […] It makes little sense to call for growth in nations where GDP is already
significantly above this level. In such cases, human development objectives can be
achieved by distributing existing GDP more fairly, and by investing in social services
(healthcare, education, etc).439

While the global North seeks to take the lead in climate change mitigation, the latter necessarily
entails undue pressure on South compensation with their resources.440
On its part, the Rio Declaration recognized for the first time the ‘vital role’ of Indigenous
peoples in environmental management, highlighting the importance of their knowledge and
traditional practices for sustainable development. However, it is possible to observe the
commodification of the Indigenous spiritual relationship to land in the context of CBD. It
recognizes, specifically, the relationship between Indigenous peoples and ‘biological
resources’ as a relationship of dependency and the ‘desirability of sharing benefits.’ It focuses
on the preservation and maintenance of Indigenous knowledge, innovations and practices
relevant for the conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity to promote a wider
application of such knowledge and encourage the equitable sharing of benefits.441 Indigenous
peoples are explaining that, in response to the CBD,
States have increasingly identified greater areas for protection, often in the territories
of indigenous peoples. These are often particularly appealing for conservation precisely
because indigenous peoples have managed these territories in a sustainable manner for
millennia. Ironically, indigenous peoples are thus penalized for their sustainable
livelihoods in the name of conservation and protection of the environment. The
expansion of protected areas is taking place not just at the behest of Governments, but
also as a result of international conservation organizations applying great pressure on
Governments to conserve more areas. Indigenous peoples must be aware of “green

438

Hickel, 2019, p.827
Ibid., p.880
440
E/C.19/2018/7, 35
441
CBD, Art 8 (j)
439

79

grabbing” when sustainable development initiatives are being used against the rights of
indigenous peoples.442

The Nagoya Protocol to the CBD (2010) contains perhaps the most extensive set of legally
binding measures concerning Indigenous peoples in respect to sustainability. The importance
of traditional knowledge is emphasized for the conservation of biological diversity and for
Indigenous peoples’ sustainable livelihoods. Whereas it recognizes Indigenous peoples as
rightful holders of traditional knowledge and recalls UNDRIP,443 there are reasons for concern.
Article 5 for instance, specifies that the fair and equitable share of benefits is to be done “in
accordance with domestic legislation regarding the established rights of these indigenous and
local communities over these genetic resources.”444 Given the low ratification of ILO
Convention. No 169 and contended character of UNDRIP, these are likely to acquire a
secondary character over economic investment regulations, since investment treaties tend to
privilege the States’ sovereignty over natural resources (even if balanced with no
extraterritorial harm) and investor protection. The provisions of article 12 of the Nagoya
Protocol are also written in a soft way: take into consideration Indigenous customary laws and
protocols and endeavor to support the development of Indigenous and local communities.
The Protocol effectively develops the requirements on how to access Indigenous traditional
knowledge for biodiversity conservation through the establishment of minimum requirements
for mutually agreed terms, and the intention to, as far as possible, not restrict the customary
use and exchange of resources associated with traditional knowledge. Traditional knowledge
must be accessed, in accordance to the rights of Indigenous peoples recognized at the domestic
level and minimum requirements relative to this access. Within this scenario, Indigenous selfdetermined development within sustainability discourses is not simply threatened by a lack of
human rights compliance. Aside from the question of implementation, and the limitations
intrinsic to the right to self-determination, multiple tensions arise in the integration of
Indigenous knowledge within environmental concerns, arising from what Santos calls ‘abyssal
thinking’: “on one side of the abyssal line, there is knowledge considered to be objective and
to have universal worth; on the other side there are values and traditions with only local (if

442

E/C.19/2018/7, 35
Nagoya Protocol, Preamble 23, 24, 25, 26, 27
444
Ibid., Article 5
443

80

any) value”.445 In respect to the incorporation of Indigenous knowledge within the
‘mainstream’ of sustainability, Nakashima and Roue wonder,
are scientists serious enough about this emerging issue to go so far as to question the
construction of their own knowledge? Or at the end of the day, will they do little more
than add a veneer of traditional ecological knowledge (TEK) and then carry-on business
as usual?446

For the authors, it is clear that the integration of Indigenous knowledge into science for
sustainability implies a validation process that “purportedly separates the useful from the
useless, objective from subjective, indigenous ‘science’ from indigenous ‘beliefs’”.447 Whereas
science is conceived as independent from practice, Indigenous knowledge includes know-how,
practice, and the unification of the empirical and objective with the sacred and intuitive.448 The
authors warn that in this process, “knowledge corresponding with the paradigm of Western
science is extracted, and the rest is rejected”.449 Similarly, Ahenakew problematizes the
strategies of inclusion and integration of Indigenous knowledge within research, “where
dominant norms and populations still determine what can be said and how.”450 He mentions as
points of discordance, for instance, “the way Indigenous knowledge places ‘animals, plants,
and landscapes in the active role of teacher’ […] or the notion that knowing ‘literally comes
from the ground, above, and beyond, from the wisdoms of continuous metaphysical
engagements and familiarity with “all our relations.””451

445

Santos, 2007, 80.
Nakashima & Roue, 2002, p.1
447
Ibid., p.1
448
Ibid., p.2
449
Ibid., p.1
450
Ahenakew, 2016, p.324
451
Ibid., p.327-328;
446

81

5. CONCLUSIONS
Indigenous peoples have long engaged with the international legal system to demand
recognition of their self-determination, as expression of their legitimate collective aspirations,
concerns, and worldviews. International law, in turn, has long attempted to define Indigenous
peoples’ legal status, rights and obligations. In fact, the history of international law is
inextricably linked to relations with Indigenous peoples, as it advanced parallel to the
encounters with ‘new worlds.’ However, the international legal order developed historically in
support of colonialism, even in the wake of decolonization. The principles and rules that shaped
the modern system of states effectively denied Indigenous peoples’ authority to freely pursuit
their development under conditions of equality. The territorial integrity of the state remains the
most compelling limitation to the right to self-determination because it is inherent to
sovereignty and fundamentally linked to other core principles for the observance of
international law, such as exclusive territorial jurisdiction, non-intervention in domestic affairs,
political independence, and the inviolability of the state frontiers.
In this context, Indigenous peoples have continued to assert their inherent authority to selfdetermine, including the exertion of governance and legal systems that encompass a much
broader array of relations than those conceptualized by Western law. However, ‘grafting’
Indigenous self-determination within human rights discourse poses critical paradoxes. It both
promotes and constrains Indigenous self-determination in a system in that fails to meet them
as equals. In the present context, when Indigenous self-determination stands at the intersections
of human rights law, environmental law, and trade and investment law, it is ever more
important to recognize the legacies of coloniality in these frameworks, historicize legal
concepts, and engage with the meanings that self-determination involve for Indigenous
peoples. Furthermore, the human rights approach to development has been increasingly
endorsed in the context of sustainable development. However, beyond listing a set of
responsibilities, it is necessary to engage with analysis of the regulations required to guarantee
the material conditions necessary to fulfill these obligations, which are traversed by other areas
of international law. International development interventions have, in many cases, created the
problems they attempt to address.
The increasing efforts to regulate natural resource management and exploitation at an
international level also derives in continuous tensions for Indigenous peoples. For instance, it
is possible to observe the commodification of the Indigenous spiritual relationship to land in
the context of the Convention on Biological Diversity. Within this scenario, Indigenous self82

determined development within sustainability discourses is not simply threatened by a lack of
human rights compliance. Aside from the question of implementation, and the limitations
intrinsic to the right to self-determination, multiple tensions arise in the integration of
Indigenous knowledge within environmental concerns, arising from what Santos calls ‘abyssal
thinking’. Indigenous peoples are invoked in their power to transfer their ‘traditional
knowledge’ and ‘save modernity’; they appear in their ability to transfer ecological knowledge
and shared the benefits arising from it. In this sense, sustainable development still relies in a
division of labor that regulates poverty, the marginalization of non-Western alternatives to
development and instrumentalized notions of human rights. In this sense, there are significant
challenges for the realization of Indigenous self-determination within the emerging regulations
on sustainable development, both arising from international and human rights law’s own
theoretical limitations, as well as from the lack of engagement with other branches of law.
Conventional human rights analysis fails to engage with the links between the international
legal economic order, ‘the widening gap’, and the realization of human rights, and the ways in
which international actors, are complicit in producing the impoverishment and exploitation of
peoples outside their borders. In this context, the legal tools that served postcolonial countries
to regain control over their political and economic development, are the same tools that serve
to deny Indigenous self-determined development in the operationalization of investment
treaties. The Third World sovereignty and exclusive territorial jurisdiction that is malleable for
foreign investment and intervention, hardens when it comes to realizing Indigenous peoples’
land rights. The challenge in the liberalization of trade and natural resources is ensuring the
material conditions for the states to fulfill their human rights obligations. The lack of
international regulations on international trade allows for the system to operate on a nonreciprocate basis, meaning that human rights and environmental concerns continue to be
subject to economic regulations. Therefore, it is necessary to adopt a critical look and question,
who has benefited from the internationalization/liberalization of the economy? And now, who
will benefit from the internationalization/shared management of natural resources?

83

BIBLIOGRAPHY

Books
Ahenakew, C. Grafting Indigenous Ways of Knowing Onto Non-Indigenous Ways of Being:
The (Underestimated) Challenges of a Decolonial Imagination, in International Review
of Qualitative Research, Vol. 9, No. 3, Fall 2016, pp. 323–340, ISSN 1940-8447
Åhrén, M. Indigenous peoples status in the international legal system. First edition. Oxford:
Oxford University Press, 2016.
Anaya, J. Indigenous Peoples in International Law, New York/London: Oxford University
Press, 1996.
Anghie, A. Imperialism, Sovereignty and the Making of International Law, Cambridge/New
York: Cambridge University Press, 2004.
Beckett, J. Creating poverty, In Oxford, A. & Hoffmann, F. (Eds.) The Oxford Handbook of
the Theory of International Law, 2016.
Charters, C. & Stavenhagen, R. (eds.) Making the Declaration Work: The United Nations
Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, Copenhagen: IWGIA, 978-87-9156361-4, 2009
Clarkson, L., Morrissette, V., and Regallet, G., Our Responsibility to The Seventh Generation,
IISD, 2001
De Sousa Santos, B. Beyond Abyssal Thinking: From Global Lines to Ecologies of
Knowledges, Review (Fernand Braudel Center) 30, no. 1: 45-89, 2007.
Doyle, C. and Gilbert, J. Indigenous Peoples and Globalization: From “Development
Aggression” to “Self-Determined Development”, European Yearbook of Minority
Issues Vol 7, 2008/9, ISBN 978 90 04 17, 219-262, 2010.
Fassbender, B. & Peters, A. (Eds.) The Oxford Handbook of the History of International Law.
New York/London: Oxford University Press, ISBN 978–0–19–959975–2, 2012,
French, D., Statehood and self-determination: Reconciling tradition and modernity in
international law, Cambridge/New York: Cambridge University Press, 2013.
Frontline Defenders, Global Analysis, 2019

84

Frontline Defenders, Global Analysis, 2020
Hickel, J., The contradiction of the sustainable development goals: Growth versus ecology on
a finite planet, Wiley 27:878, 2019
IWGIA, Indigenous Peoples’ rights to autonomy and self-government as a manifestation of the
right to self-determination, 2018
Kuokkanen, R. Restructuring Relations. Indigenous Self-Determination, Governance, And
Gender, New York/London: Oxford University Press, 2019
Marks, G. C., Indigenous Peoples in International Law: The Significance Of Francisco De
Vitoria And Bartolomede Las Casas, Australian Year Book of International Law, 1991,
http://www5.austlii.edu.au/au/journals/AUYrBkIntLaw/1991/1.html
Martinez-Alier J., et. al. Between activism and science: grassroots concepts for sustainability
coined by Environmental Justice Organizations, Journal of Political Ecology 21: 1960, 2014.
McCorquodale, R., International law beyond the state: Essays on sovereignty, non-state actors
and human rights, London: CMP Publishing, 2011.
Nakashima, D. and Roué, M. Indigenous Knowledge, Peoples and Sustainable Practice,
Volume 5, Social and economic dimensions of global environmental change, pp 314–
324
Quijano, A. Coloniality of Power, Eurocentrism, and Latin America, 2000
Rittich, K. Theorizing International Law and Development, in Oxford, A. & Hoffmann, F.
(Eds.) The Oxford Handbook of the Theory of International Law. DOI:
10.1093/law/9780198701958.003.0041, 2016.
Roger Merino, R. The Land Of Nations: Indigenous Struggles For Property And Territory In
International Law, Symposium On The Impact Of Indigenous Peoples On International
Law, doi:10.1017/aju.2021.10, 2021
Skouteris, T. The idea of progress, in Oxford, A. & Hoffmann, F. (Eds.) The Oxford Handbook
of the Theory of International Law. DOI: 10.1093/law/9780198701958.003.0046,
2016.
Venne, The Road to the United Nations and Rights of Indigenous Peoples, Griffith Law
Review, 20:3, pp.557-577, 2011
85

Viveiros de Castro, E., The Relative Native: Essays on Indigenous Conceptual Worlds.
Chicago: Hau Books, 2015 .
Woons, M. (ed.) Restoring Indigenous: Self-Determination Theoretical and Practical
Approaches Bristol: E-International Relations, 2014.

Treaties and Statutes
1945 Charter of the United Nations, United Nations, 24 October 1945, 1 UNTS XVI.
1957 ILO C107 Indigenous and Tribal Populations Convention, 1957
1960 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
UNGA Res. 1514 (XV)
1965 International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination,
United Nations General Assembly, Treaty Series, vol. 660, p. 195, 21 December 1965.
1966 International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, United Nations General
Assembly, Treaty Series, vol. 999, p. 171, 16 December 1966.
1966 International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, United Nations
General Assembly, Treaty Series, vol. 993, p. 3, 16 December 1966.
1989 International Labor Organization Convention No. 169 concerning Indigenous and
Tribal Peoples in Independent Countries, International Labor Organization, C169, 27
June 1989.
1992 Convention on Biological Diversity, Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for a
Convention on Biological Diversity, United Nations Treaty Series, vol. 1760.
1992 Convention on Biological Diversity
1994 UN General Assembly, United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change:
resolution / adopted by the General Assembly, 20 January 1994, A/RES/48/189
2010 Nagoya Protocol on Access to Genetic Resources and the Fair and Equitable Sharing
of Benefits Arising from their Utilization to the Convention on Biological Diversity,
Nagoya, 29 October 2010
1997 Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change,
Kyoto, 11 December 1997
86

2015 Paris Agreement, FCCC/CP/2015/10/Add.1
1994 UN General Assembly, United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change
(UFCCC), 20 January 1994, A/RES/48/189

Declarations, Resolutions and Recommendations
1947 UN General Assembly, Draft declaration on the rights and duties of States, 21
November 1947, A/RES/178
1948 UN General Assembly, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 10 December 1948,
217 A (III)
1950 Draft International Covenant on Human Rights and measures of implementation: future
work of the Commission on Human Rights, A/RES/421 (V), 4 December, 1950
1953 UNGA Res. 742 (VIII) on the Factors which should be taken into account in deciding
whether Territory is or is not a Territory whose people have not yet attained a full
measure of self-government
1953 World Bank Archival Record. Memo on United States - International Bank relations,
Jan. 6, 1953
1953 UN General Assembly, Draft International Covenants on Human Rights and measures
of implementation, 28 November 1953, A/RES/737
1954 UN Repertory of Practice, Article 73 (1945-1954), paras. 1-8
1960 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples,
United Nations General Assembly, 14 December 1960, A/RES/1514(XV).
1960 UN General Assembly, Racial discrimination in Non-Self-Governing Territories, 15
December 1960, A/RES/1536
1960 UN General Assembly, Transmission of information under Article 73 e of the Charter,
15 December 1960, A/RES/1542
1968 United Nations, Final Act of the International Conference on Human Rights, Teheran,
13 May 1968
1969 UN General Assembly, Declaration on Social Progress and Development, 11
December 1969, A/RES/2542(XXIV)
87

1970 Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and
Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
United Nations General Assembly, 24 October 1970, A/RES/2625(XXV).
1970 UN General Assembly, Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning
Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of
the United Nations, 24 October 1970, A/RES/2625(XXV)
1972 Report of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment, Stockholm, 5-16
June 1972, A/CONF.48/14/Rev.1
1973 UN General Assembly, Permanent sovereignty over natural resources, 17 December
1973, A/RES/3171
1974 UN General Assembly, Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States, 6 November
1974, A/RES/3281
1975 Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), Conference on Security
and Co-operation in Europe (CSCE), Final Act of Helsinki, 1 August 1975
1977 Draft Declaration of Principles for the Defense of the Indigenous Nations and Peoples
of the Western Hemisphere’
1977 Draft principles of conduct for the guidance of states in the conservation and
harmonious exploitation of natural resources shared by two or more states,
UNEP/GC/101, 1977
1977 International Non-Governmental Organization Conference on Discrimination against
Indigenous Populations in the Americas (1977), Statements and Final Documents,
paras.1-2
1977 UN General Assembly, Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations
Environment Programme., 19 December 1977, A/RES/32/168
1978 Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme, Res
33/87, 15 December 1978
1983 Process of preparation of the Environmental Perspective to the Year 2000 and Beyond,
UNGA Resolution 38/161, 19 December, 1983
1983 Study of the Problem of Discrimination Against Indigneous Peoples, Final Report, 30
September 1983, E/CN.4 Sub.2 /1983/21/Add.8
88

1984 CCPR General Comment No. 12: Article 1 (Right to Self-determination), The Right to
Self-determination of Peoples, United Nations Human Rights Committee (HRC), 13
March 1984.
1987 Report of the World Commission on Environment and Development: Our Common
Future. United Nations General Assembly document A/42/427, 1987.
1992 Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and
Linguistic Minorities, United Nations General Assembly, 3 February 1992,
A/RES/47/135.
1994 CCPR General Comment No. 23: Article 27 (Rights of Minorities), United Nations
Human Rights Committee (HRC), 8 April 1994, CCPR/C/21/Rev.1/Add.5.
1994 UN General Assembly, 3201 (S-VI). Declaration on the Establishment of a New
International Economic Order, 1 May 1994, A/RES/3201(S-VI)
1995 Report of the World Summit for Social Development, A/CONF.166/9
1999 UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (CESCR), Report of the UN
Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, Twentieth and Twenty-first
Sessions (26 April - 14 May 1999, 15 November - 3 December 1999), 18 May 2000,
E/2000/22
2005 Human rights and the environment as part of sustainable development Human Rights
Resolution 2005/60
2007 United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, United Nations
General Assembly, 2 October 2007, A/RES/61/295.
2014 UN General Assembly, Outcome document of the high-level plenary meeting of the
General Assembly known as the World Conference on Indigenous Peoples, resolution
adopted by the General Assembly, 25 September 2014, A/RES/69/2
2016 American Declaration on The Rights of Indigenous Peoples, 2016, AG/RES. 2888
(XLVI-O/16)
2016 American Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, Organization of American
States, General Assembly, AG/RES.2888 (XLVI-O/16)
2018 Report of the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the rights of
indigenous peoples 17 July 2018, A/73/176
89

2018 UNPFII, International expert group meeting on the theme “Sustainable Development
in the Territories of Indigenous Peoples, E/C.19/2018/7
2021 EMRIP Efforts to implement the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples: indigenous peoples and the right to self-determination. Draft
report of the Expert Mechanism on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, 12-16 July 2021,
A/HRC/EMRIP/2021/2

International Case Law
1920 Report of the International Committee of Jurists entrusted by the Council of the League
of Nations with the task of giving an advisory opinion upon the legal aspects of the
Aaland Islands question, League of Nations, October 1920
1926 Cayuga Indians (Great Britain) v. United States
1941 Trail Smelter Arbitration (United States v. Canada, 1941)
1949 Corfu Channel (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland v. Albania),
Judgement of April 9th, 1949
1970 Advisory Opinion on the Legal Consequences for States of the Continued Presence of
South Africa in Namibia, International Court of Justice (ICJ).
1980 Mikmaq tribal society v. Canada, Communication No. 78/1980 (30 September 1980),
U.N. Doc. Supp. No. 40 (A/39/40) at 200 (1984)
1981 Sandra Lovelace v. Canada, Communication No. R.6/24, U.N. Doc. Supp. No. 40
(A/36/40) at 166 (1981)
1985 Ivan Kitok v. Sweden, Human Rights Committee, Communication No. 197/1985; U.N.
Doc. CCPR/C/33/D/197/1985
1990 Lubicon Lake Band v. Canada, Communication No. 167/1984 (26 March 1990), U.N.
Doc. Supp. No. 40 (A/45/40) at 1 (1990)
1994 Länsman

et

al.

v.

Finland,

Communication

No.

511/1992,

U.N.

Doc.

CCPR/C/52/D/511/1992 (1994)
2004 Legal Consequences of the Construction of a Wall in the Occupied Palestinian
Territory, Advisory Opinion, I. C.J. Reports 2004

90

2006 Ángela Poma Poma v. Peru, Communication No. 1457/2006, U.N. Doc.
CCPR/C/95/D/1457/2006,
2010 Accordance with International Law of the Unilateral Declaration of Independence in
Respect of Kosovo (Request for Advisory Opinion), International Court of Justice,
General List No. 141.
2010 Accordance with International Law of the Unilateral Declaration of Independence in
Respect of Kosovo, Advisory Opinion, I.C.J. Reports 2010
2018 Tiina Sanila-Aikio v. Finland,
1986 Frontier Dispute (Burkina Faso/Republic of Mali), ICJ, 22 December 1986

Other documents
1923 The Redman’s Appeal for Justice
1951 International Development Advisory Board, Partners in Progress, A Report to The
President, March 1951
1953 Memo on United States - International Bank relations, Jan. 6, 1953
2013 ILO Understanding the Indigenous and Tribal Peoples Convention, 1989 (No. 169)
Handbook for ILO Tripartite Constituents, 2013

91

