MASTER´S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Emmi Pfister
WOMEN FEARING GENDER-BASED PERSECUTION FOR REASONS OF TRANSGRESSING
SOCIAL MORES BY BEING “TOO WESTERN” – A PARTICULAR SOCIAL GROUP OR NOT?

Master´s Thesis in Public
International Law
Master´s Programme in
International Law and Human
Rights
Supervisor: Catarina Krause
Åbo Akademi
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master´s Degree Programme in International Human Rights Law
Author: Emmi Pfister
Title of the Thesis: Women fearing gender-based persecution for reasons of transgressing social mores
by being ”too western” - a particular social group or not?
Supevisor: Katarina Crause
Abstract:
This thesis seeks to find an answer to the following question: Can women who fear being subjected to
gender-based persecution for reasons of transgressing social mores due to being “too western”,
primary in terms of clothing, be seen as members of a particular social group and therefore granted
refugee status if the fear of persecution due to that reason is well-founded?
This thesis begins by explaining the concept of a particular social group through the UNHCR
Handbook and Guidelines, where the two different requirements for a group to be considered a
particular social group is presented, i.e., the social perception approach and the protected characteristics
approach. Also relevant regional definitions and national case law is provided in order for the reader to
better understand what is required of the applicant to be seen as a member of a particular social group.
Many of the states require both approaches to be met.
As this thesis studies women fearing gender-based persecution for reasons of transgressing social
mores by being ”too western”, also gender-based violence is explained through different international
instruments, Also, the UNHCR’s interpretation on gender-based persecution is discussed. The thesis
continues by discussing women as a particular social group, and relevant national case law is provided.
This functions as a basis for comparison, when analysing, if women transgressing social mores by
being ”too western”, primary in terms of clothing, can constitute a particular social group.
The country of origin information plays a significant role when discussing this issue, as the fulfilment
of the social perception approach is highly dependable on it. In order for the applicant to fulfil the
protected characteristics approach, she must have ”an immutable characteristic” or ”a characteristic that
is fundamental to human dignity that a person should not be compelled to forsake it”. Women being
”too western”, can be seen to fulfil the social perception approach as they are distinct from the others in
their societies. Therefore the question is, whether being ”too western”, primary in terms of clothing, is a
characteristic that a person should not be compelled to forsake it, or not. The finding of this thesis is
that the applicant needs to demonstrate, that being ”too western” for her society, is a crucial or
fundamental part of her identity. In other words, if the applicant a well-argued reason, why she must be
allowed to dress in a western manner, she can fall under the Convention ground membership in a
particular social group.

Key words:
refugee law, membership in a particular social group, protected characteristics approach, social
perception approach, gender-based or gender-related violence and persecution, women transgressing
social mores, ”too western”

Date: 23.6.2021

Number of pages: 67
Number of words (excl. bibliography and
annexes: 30 548

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

Table of contents
1. Introduction .................................................................................................................................... 1
1.1 Background ................................................................................................................................ 1
1.2 Research question and limitations.............................................................................................. 4
1.3 Material and method .................................................................................................................. 6
2. What is a particular social group in international refugee law? ............................................... 8
2.1. UNHCR Handbook ................................................................................................................... 8
2.2. UNHCR Guidelines from 2002 and the two approaches – protected characteristics approach
and social perception approach ........................................................................................................ 9
2.3. “Definitions” of particular social group in the EU, the United States and Canada ................ 13
2.4. Examples of different particular social groups and cases concerning determination of particular
social group .................................................................................................................................... 16
3. Gender-based or gender-related violence .................................................................................. 21
3.1 What is gender-based violence? ............................................................................................... 21
3.2 Recognition of gender-based violence on the international field ............................................ 25
3.3 The UNHCR’s interpretation of gender-based or gender-related persecution ........................ 30
4. Women as a particular social group ........................................................................................... 41
4.1. Women as a particular social group in general ....................................................................... 41
4.2 National case law in relation to women constituting a particular social group ....................... 49
4.2.1 Pakistani women subjected to domestic violence with no possibility to state protection
(1999) ......................................................................................................................................... 49
4.2.2 Married Guatemalan women unable to leave their relationships (2005) ......................... 52
4.2.3 Kurdish women in Turkey transgressing social mores by divorcing their husbands (2008)
.................................................................................................................................................... 55
4.2.4 Kurds in the Kurdistan Regional Government Area of Iraq opposing their families wihsies
regarding marriages (2011) ...................................................................................................... 57
5. Women transgressing social mores by being “too western” – a particular social group? .... 60
6. Conclusion..................................................................................................................................... 65

1. Introduction
1.1 Background
The Convention of 28 July 1951 relating to the Status of Refugees, as amended by the New York
Protocol of 21 January 1967 (hereafter the 1951 Refugee Convention), is the key United Nations legal
document in international refugee law. The 1951 Refugee Convention covers only those persons who
had been persecuted in Europe before 1 January 1951, but the 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of
Refugees removed the geographical and time limitations.1 Even if there have been no other
amendments made to the 1951 Refugee Convention, it has been supplemented by other refugee and
subsidiary protection regimes on regional levels.2 The Convention defines the term refugee as well
as outlines the rights for refugees and the legal obligations of States parties to protect them.3 The 1951
Refugee Convention only stipulates the “basic minimum standards for the treatment of refugees,
without prejudice to States granting more favourable treatment”.4 The core principle of the Refugee
Convention is non-refoulement which means that a refugee shall not be returned to his or her country
of origin or another country where he or she faces serious threats to life or freedom, and this principle
is so fundamental that no reservations or derogations can be made to it.5 An asylum seeker can base
his or her claim for refugee status on five different categories or Convention grounds; membership in
a particular social group is one of them.6 According to the 1951 Refugee Convention, a refugee is any
person
owing to well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality,
membership of a particular social group or political opinion, is outside the country
of his nationality and is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to avail himself of
the protection of that country; or who, not having a nationality and being outside the
country of his former habitual residence as a result of such events, is unable or, owing
to such fear, is unwilling to return to it.7

1

United Nations, The Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, 28 July 1951, Geneva, entry into force 22 April
1954, signatories: 19, parties: 146, as amended by its Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 31 January 1967, New
York, entry into force 4 October 1967, parties 147 (hereafter the 1951 Refugee Convention and its 1967 Protocol
relating to the Status of Refugees), page 2
2
Ibid., page 2
3
UNHCR, Intro to the Convention
4
United Nations, the 1951 Refugee Convention and its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, page 3
5
Ibid., page 3
6
Ibid., page 3
7
Ibid., article 1 of the 1951 Convention and article 1 of the 1967 Protocol [emphasis added].

1

Claims based on the membership of a particular social group have increased dramatically in recent
years, and the cases that have been analysed under this ground have been pushing the boundaries of
refugee law.8 What does membership in a particular in social group then actually mean? In fact, no
definitive answer has been given to that question. The breadth of the Convention ground “makes it a
plausible vehicle for refugee claims that do not easily fall under the other grounds set out in” the 1951
Refugee Convention.9 However, the breadth of the Convention ground does not necessarily lead to
the desired outcomes as it allows the States parties to the 1951 Refugee Convention to interpret it in
different ways. In this sense, the equality of refugees in different parts of the world is not secured.
Different countries, even within the European Union (hereafter the EU), are interpreting this ground
in different ways in their national legislation regardless of the fact that they are all bound by the
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Union Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011
on standards for the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of
international protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary
protection, and for the content of the protection granted10 (hereafter the Qualification Directive). The
Qualification Directive “sets out the common criteria for determining ‘reasons for persecution’”11,
including the membership of a particular social group, and have a common asylum system. Asylum
seekers wishing to base their claim under this Convention ground, however, do have to meet some
requirements in order for them to be seen as members of a particular social group, and therefore not
everyone can fall under this Convention ground. For instance, within the context of the EU, if
everyone were categorized as a member of some particular social group, everyone who has a wellfounded fear of being subjected to human rights violations amounting to acts of persecution would
be granted refugee status. In order to clarify, an extremely simplifying example could be the
following: if every person belonged to some particular social group, then a man who is working in
construction, and who is doing poorly at work, is threatened to be murdered by his manager due to
the fact that he is doing so poorly at work, this man could argue that he belongs to a particular social
group called men doing poorly at work and would be granted refugee status if all the other
requirements are met. If this was the case, one could even argue that setting out any Convention

8

Aleinikoff, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the meaning of ‘membership of a particular
social group’, p. 264
9
Ibid., p. 264
10
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Union Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011 on standards for
the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of international protection, for a uniform
status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary protection, and for the content of the protection granted. Entry
into force 9 January 2012 (hence European Union, Qualification Directive, 2011/95/EU)
11
Michelle Foster, Legal and Protection Policy Research Series, The ‘Ground with the Least Clarity’: A Comparative
Study of Jurisprudential Developments relating to ‘Membership of a Particular Social Group’, August 2012, p. 16

2

grounds would be unnecessary because everyone would be a member of some particular social group.
This, in turn, would lead to the fact that subsidiary protection12 within the context of the EU would
lose its meaning.
Gender plays also a significant role in international refugee law. This is at least partly the consequence
of the changes in warfare. Armed conflicts today are not anymore wars between two different states,
but wars take place within the states, and thus, wars do not only take place between combatants, but
also civilians, especially women and children, are internationally targeted by combatants and for
instance sexual violence is used as a method in modern day warfare. 13 As a consequence of gender
becoming a more dominant part of refugee law, women as a particular social group has risen a great
amount of discussion. For women to fall under the definition of a refugee, they must fulfil the
requirements set out in the 1951 Refugee Convention. What is important to notice here, is the wording
that they must have a well-founded fear of persecution for reasons of race, religion, nationality,
membership in a particular social group or political opinion. This wording demands for a causal link
between the persecution and the reason why a person or group of persons is subjected to acts of
persecution. Women, of course, can be persecuted due to different reasons and can base their asylum
claims on any of the five grounds set out in the 1951 Refugee Convention depending on the actual
reason why they are subjected to acts persecution. However, if women are subjected to acts of
persecution due to their sex or gender, they could base their asylum claim on the membership of
particular social group. For instance, women who transgress social mores of their societies and fear
gender-based violence for that reason, could base their claims on being members of a particular social
group. Transgression of social mores of a particular society can, for instance, occur through a woman
being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing. In these kinds of situations, persecution is genderbased or gender-related, and we can talk about gender-based or gender-related persecution. Female
genital mutilation is a well-known example on gender-based violence as will be explained later on in
this study. It has been argued that women are more vulnerable than men in some societies and, in
fact, “women as a group tend to be positioned differently than men in their relation to the state and

12

For the purposes of the Qualification Directive, “‘person eligible for subsidiary protection’ means a third country
national or a stateless person who does not qualify as a refugee but in respect of whom substantial grounds have been
shown for believing that the person concerned, if returned to his or her country of origin, or in the case of a stateless
person, to his or her country of former habitual residence, would face a real risk of suffering serious harm as defined in
Article 15, and to whom Article 17(1) and (2) do not apply, and is unable, or, owing to such risk, unwilling to avail
himself or herself of the protection of that country”. Source: the Qualification Directive, 2011/95/EU
13
Eeva Nykänen, Fragmented State Power and Forced Migration, 2012, p. 5

3

the public sector” which in turn makes them particularly vulnerable to violations by private actors.14
Here the example on female genital mutilation is again in place due to the fact that in different
societies it is exactly private actors, and not state actors, who practice this harmful tradition. Even if
there are many different reasons for women to face gender-based persecution, this study will
concentrate on analysing the matter of women transgressing social mores by being “too western”,
and therefore being subjected to gender-based persecution.

1.2 Research question and limitations
This study will answer to the following question: Can women who fear being subjected to genderbased or gender-related acts of persecution for reasons of transgressing social mores due to being
“too western”, primary in terms of clothing, be seen as members of a particular social group and
therefore granted refugee status if the fear of persecution due to that reason is well-founded?
This study will begin by introducing the concept of a particular social group through the Guidelines
from 2002 made by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. Also, the different
possibilities that can constitute a particular social group will be discussed in this chapter. This is done
in order to be able to explain the breadth and vagueness of the concept a particular social group.
After that, gender-based or gender-related violence is explained in more detail, in order to be able to
understand the types of persecution, discrimination or violence women can be subjected to. This will
be done by explaining different examples on gender-based violence, such as female genital
mutilation, domestic violence and forced marriage. Also, some central gender-related international
instruments will be discussed, in order to understand gender-related violence and the work done
against it on the international field. International documents are crucial when discussing gender-based
violence also due to the fact they provide definitions or explanations of different types or forms of
gender-based violence. Gender-based violence is also important to discuss, as the purpose of this
thesis is to understand, if women who fear being persecuted due to being “too western”, can be
considered as members of a particular social group, and usually women basing their claim on this
ground for that reason plead to face gender-based or gender-related violence if they were deported to
their country of origin.

14

Eeva Nykanen, Fragmented State Power and Forced Migration, 2012, p. 2

4

As this study will concentrate on gender-based violence or persecution and the concept of the
membership in a particular social group, the main focus will be on women as asylum seekers in cases
where they base their claim on fearing persecution for reasons of being members of a particular social
group. Gender-based violence can occur even along the migration route and not only in the country
of origin and it might not have been the reason why a person has left their country of origin. However,
this study will only focus on gender-based violence that could occur in the country of origin if that
person were to return there. This includes even the sur place15 refugee claims.
As mentioned already, there has been a great amount of discussion on women as a particular social
group and even on women transgressing social mores as a particular social group. However, there is
still lack of discussion on women fearing persecution due to transgressing social mores or norms by
being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing, for which they fear of being subjected to acts of
persecution, if they were to return to their country of origin. Due to the rather unclear and vague
definition of the concept of a particular social group, it has made it possible for this Convention
ground to develop over time and therefore this topic is actual and interesting to do research of.
In order to be able to discuss the research question, it is necessary to discuss the point of view of the
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (hereafter the UNHCR) on particular social group
as well as what different states have considered to constitute a particular social group regarding
women. This is necessary in order to have a base for comparison, when discussing, whether women
who transgress social mores by being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing, fulfil the
requirements set for the Convention ground membership in a particular social group, or not. This
question is interesting with regard to the fact that women who are not believed to be members of a
particular social group, or that any other of the asylum grounds does not fit their asylum claim, will
not be granted refugee status even if their fear of being subjected to gender-based acts of persecution
is well-founded. Instead, they are (only) granted complementary or subsidiary protection. As will be
demonstrated through already existing national case law, women transgressing social mores of a
society can also fall under different Convention grounds, such as political opinion or religion.

15

In the global context, a person who is not a refugee when they leave their country of origin, but who becomes a
refugee, that is, acquires a well-founded fear of persecution, at a later date. In the EU context, a person granted refugee
status based on international protection needs which arose sur place, i.e. on account of events which took place after
they left their country of origin. Source: European Commission, Migration and Home Affairs, refugee sur place

5

Similarly, women who are “too western” for a particular society could also fall under these
Convention grounds. However, political opinion and religion, or the other Convention grounds, will
not be discussed in depth in this study, as the purpose of this study is to analyse, whether this group,
that is, women who are “too western”, can be considered to constitute a particular social group, or
not.

1.3 Material and method
As primary sources are used the 1951 Refugee Convention, as amended by the 1967 Protocol, the
Qualification Directive, the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Discrimination against Women (hereafter the CEDAW) and the Council of Europe Convention on
preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence. These Conventions
constitute hard law, and therefore they are binding for states parties. They will be discussed in order
to be able explain or provide definitions on different concepts, such as the meaning of refugee status
and gender-based or gender-related violence and persecution.
In addition to hard law, this study will also discuss international documents that are not binding to
states parties, but are considered soft law. These international documents, such as the UNHCR
Guidelines and the UNHCR Handbook, aim to give guidance for states and other relevant actors. The
UNHCR Handbook as well as the UNHCR Guidelines are discussed in order to be able to introduce
some kind of a definition of the concept of a particular social group. Other UNHCR documents and
other articles will also be discussed in order to explain the gender-specific nature of refugee claims.
The UNHCR documents function as guidance for states and they are not legally binding. National
case law and written custom by immigration services or officials concerning the membership of a
particular social group will be used to clarify the concept as well.
In order to further explain the concept and development of gender-based violence, also General
Recommendations to the CEDAW as well as the Vienna Declaration and the Beijing Declaration and
Platform for Action will be discussed in subchapter 3.2. These General Recommendations and
Declarations, however, are not binding to states, but they address central issues and function as
guidance and provide recommendations for states. The General Recommendations and Declarations
are discussed also in order to be able to in a greater amount explain the history and development of
gender-based violence and its recognition on the international field and refugee law.
6

The presented national case law will also function as a base for comparison when discussing the
research question, that is, whether women who have a well-founded fear of facing gender-based
persecution because they have the transgressed social mores of their societies, primary in terms of
clothing, can be seen as members of a particular social group. In order to further explain the concept
of a particular social group as well as gender-based violence and persecution, and to give examples
on particular social groups and discuss them, this study will also refer to other legal writings and
sources. The discussion on these will be provided in order to introduce the breadth and vagueness of
the concept a particular social group.

7

2. What is a particular social group in international refugee law?
2.1. UNHCR Handbook
As was stated in the introduction, the concept of a particular social group is rather vague, and different
countries define it differently when comparing to each other and also to the UNHCR. The UNHCR,
is an international organization “mandated by the United Nations to lead and coordinate international
action for the worldwide protection of refugees and the resolution of refugee problems”. 16 Its
“primary purpose is to safeguard the rights and well-being of refugees”.17 In this subchapter, the
UNHCR’s requirements for membership in a particular social group will be looked into more closely
by discussing the UNHCR Handbook. In subchapter 2.2 membership in a particular social group will
be discussed through the UNHCR Guidelines from 2002. Also, the UNHCR’s two approaches, that
is, the protected characteristics approach and the social perception approach will be discussed in the
next subchapter. These UNHCR documents are not legally binding for states but their purpose is to
provide guidance for states and other relevant actors. In subchapter 2.3, the opinions of different
regions on what constitutes a particular social group will be examined. After that, some examples on
what different states have understood to constitute a particular social group will be introduced, in
order to better understand the concept of a particular social group.
The UNHCR Handbook18 includes a discussion of the term membership in a particular social group.
The discussion is, however, only on a general level and rather brief, and according to Thomas
Alexander Aleinikoff, it is, no doubt, a follow-up of the fact that there were not that many claims
made under that Convention ground at the time of writing of the Handbook.19 The Handbook defines
the concept of a particular social group as following:
77. A “particular social group” normally comprises persons of similar background,
habits or social status. A claim to fear of persecution under this heading may frequently
overlap with a claim to fear of persecution on other grounds, i.e. race, religion or
nationality.
78. Membership of such a particular social group may be at the root of persecution
because there is no confidence in the group's loyalty to the Government or because the

16

Mission Statement, UNHCR – The United Nations Refugee Agency, 2007
Ibid.
18
UNHCR, Handbook on Procedures and Criteria for Determining Refugee Status under the 1951 Convention and the
1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees (Geneva, 1979, reissued in 1992 and 2019) (hereafter ‘the
Handbook’).
19
Cambridge University Press, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the meaning of
‘membership of a particular social group’, by T. Alexander Aleinikoff, June 2003, p. 266
17

8

political outlook, antecedents or economic activity of its members, or the very existence
of the social group as such, is held to be an obstacle to the Government's policies.
79. Mere membership of a particular social group will not normally be enough to
substantiate a claim to refugee status. There may, however, be special circumstances
where mere membership can be a sufficient ground to fear persecution.20
From the Handbook’s writings, it is important to note, that the claim that is based on this particular
ground may, however, overlap with other grounds as well. In other words, the different Convention
grounds do not exclude one another. Otherwise, the definition is rather vague due to its general and
rather brief form.

2.2. UNHCR Guidelines from 2002 and the two approaches – protected characteristics approach and
social perception approach
The UNHCR has, after the 1992 re-edited Handbook, published Guidelines concerning the
membership of a particular social group in 2002. As was stated in the previous subchapter, the
definition of the concept of a particular social group was rather brief and made only on a general level
in the Handbook, and therefore the new Guidelines in that sense can be seen valuable. However,
already before the guidelines from 2002, UNHCR has stated its opinion on the meaning of a particular
social group in the appeals Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v.
Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex Parte Shah (A.P.)21. The difference between the
Handbook’s writings and the UNHCR’s brief submitted to the Islam and Shah appeals is that in the
Handbook there is no mention about a characteristic that is unchangeable or fundamental.22 Among
other things, the UNHCR mentions in the brief submitted to the above-mentioned appeal, that
‘Particular social group’ means a group of people who share some characteristic which
distinguishes them from society at large. That characteristic must be unchangeable,
either because it is innate or otherwise impossible to change or because it would be
wrong to require the individuals to change it. Thus, where a person holds beliefs or has
values such that requiring them to renounce them would contravene their fundamental

20

UNHCR, Handbook on Procedures and Criteria for Determining Refugee Status under the 1951 Convention and the
1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees (Geneva, 1979, re-edited 1992) (hereinafter ‘Handbook’).
21
Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex Parte
Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999
22
Cambridge University Press, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the meaning of
‘membership of a particular social group’, by T. Alexander Aleinikoff, June 2003, p. 267. This chapter is taken
from Refugee Protection in International Law: UNHCR's Global Consultations on International Protection (edited by
Erika Feller, Volker Türk and Frances Nicholson, Cambridge University Press, 2003). It was originally presented as
an expert paper at a round table in the context of the Global Consultations on International Protection, which were
organized by UNHCR in 2000-2002. More information on the complete publication is available on UNHCR's website.

9

human rights, they may in principle be part of a particular social group made up of likeminded persons.23
The UNHCR also notes in its Guidelines that the group must already exist before the act of
persecution, that is, “persecution alone cannot determine a group where none otherwise exists”.24
Thus, in order to fulfil the requirement of nexus between the persecution and the Convention ground,
the act of persecution must have been made due to the fact that the person is in fact a member of this
particular social group.

The UNHCR explains in its Guidelines on international protection relating to membership in a
particular social group, these requirements. The Guidelines were made to “provide legal interpretative
guidance for governments, legal practitioners, decision-makers and the judiciary, as well as the
UNHCR staff carrying out refugee status determinations in the field”.25 In the Guidelines, it is stated
that there are two approaches, which states have adopted while evaluating cases concerning
membership of a particular social group, that is, protected characteristics approach and social
perception approach.
Protected characteristics approach is also known as the immutability approach. This approach
“examines whether a group is united by an immutable characteristic or by a characteristic that is so
fundamental to human dignity that a person should not be compelled to forsake it”. Such immutable
characteristic can be innate, e.g., sex or ethnicity, or unalterable for some other reasons, e.g., past
occupation or status. In the Guidelines, it is stated that if a decision-maker adopts this approach, it
will
examine whether the asserted group is defined: (1) by an innate, unchangeable
characteristic, (2) by a past temporary or voluntary status that is unchangeable because
of its historical permanence, or (3) by a characteristic or association that is so
fundamental to human dignity that group members should not be compelled to forsake
it.

23

Cambridge University Press, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the meaning of
‘membership of a particular social group’, by T. Alexander Aleinikoff, June 2003, page 267
24
Ibid., page 267
25
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: “Membership of a particular social group” within the context of
Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, UNHCR,
HCR/GIP/02/02, 7 May 2002, p. 1

10

It has been concluded by courts and other administrative bodies applying this approach that for
instance women, homosexuals and families can be seen as a particular social group.26
Social perception approach, in turn, focuses on the fact “whether or not a group shares a common
characteristic which makes them a cognizable group or sets them apart from society at large”.
Depending on the circumstances of the society in which the group exists, women, homosexuals and
families have also been seen to fit in the description of a particular social group while applying this
approach.27
However, the UNHCR has come to the conclusion that these two approaches can easily and often
overlap, due to the fact that often a group that shares a common immutable characteristic also is a
social group in the society. However, they may also differ considerably. For instance, the social
perception approach could recognize as a particular social group a group that is not based on a
characteristic that is immutable or fundamental to human dignity, such as occupation or social class.28
An example of this type of group could be shop owners that sell alcohol in a country or a society
where this type of business is not allowed for instance due to religious reasons. Due to the differences
in the two approaches and the protection gap they may cause, the UNHCR believes that the two
approaches should be reconciled. According to the UNHCR, “[t]he protected characteristics approach
may be understood to identify a set of groups that constitute the core of the social perception
analysis”, and therefore it is well-founded to combine the two approaches to a one definition:
a particular social group is a group of persons who share a common characteristic other
than their risk of being persecuted, or who are perceived as a group by society. The
characteristic will often be one which is innate, unchangeable, or which is otherwise
fundamental to identity, conscience or the exercise of one’s human rights.29
However, as a noteworthy notion is that regardless the fact that the UNHCR decided to create one
definition, the wording of the definition is still giving the opportunity to only choose one of the
approaches, that is, only one of the approaches must be met. The UNHCR noted that if the asylum
seeker does not fulfil the requirements of the protected characteristic approach, it should still be

26

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: “Membership of a particular social group” within the context of
Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, UNHCR,
HCR/GIP/02/02, 7 May 2002, para. 6
27
Ibid., para. 7
28
Ibid., para. 9
29
Ibid., paragraphs 10-11

11

examined whether this group is still perceived as a cognizable group in that society. The UNHCR
gave as an example a shop keeper. If it first was determined that the title “shop keeper” is neither
unchangeable nor a fundamental aspect of human identity, “a shopkeeper or members of a particular
profession might nonetheless constitute a particular social group if in the society they are recognized
as a group which sets them apart”.30 However, many states do require that the requirements of both
of these approaches must be fulfilled. This matter will be discussed in subchapter 2.3.
Another important factor when examining whether a claimant is a member of a particular social group
is the role of the persecutory act. The membership of a particular social group cannot exclusively be
based on the persecutory act, but persecution can still play a (significant) role while determining the
visibility of a group in a particular society.31 The UNHCR cites in its Guidelines a decision:
“[W]hile persecutory conduct cannot define the social group, the actions of the
persecutors may serve to identify or even cause the creation of a particular social group
in society. Left-handed men are not a particular social group. But, if they were
persecuted because they were left-handed, they would no doubt quickly become
recognizable in their society as a particular social group. Their persecution for being
lefthanded would create a public perception that they were a particular social group.
But it would be the attribute of being left-handed and not the persecutory acts that would
identify them as a particular social group.32
A particular social group does not have to be cohesive, that is, the persons of the group do not have
to know each other but the members of the group must share a common element in order to be seen
as a particular social group.33 The UNHCR reminds in its Guidelines that just because a person is part
of a particular social group, it does not normally mean that he or she has the right to refugee status.
However, in some circumstances mere membership can be a sufficient ground to fear persecution.34
Likewise in the other grounds, there is also no need for an applicant to show that everyone in that
particular social group is at risk of persecution, as some members of that group might hide their
characteristic, the persecutors do not know them or they might even cooperate with the persecutor.35
In addition to the fact that a particular social group does not have to be cohesive nor everyone does
not have be at risk, the size of the group does not play any role. The UNHCR stresses that even if an

30

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: “Membership of a particular social group” within the context of
Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, UNHCR,
HCR/GIP/02/02, 7 May 2002, paragraphs 12-13
31
Ibid., para. 14
32
Ibid., para. 14
33
Ibid., para. 15
34
Ibid., para. 16, and see Handbook para. 79.
35
Ibid., para. 17

12

applicant is believed to be a member of a particular social group, he or she must still demonstrate a
well-founded fear of being persecuted due to being a member of a particular social group, that is, the
causal link must be established.36 The UNHCR concludes that
The causal link may be satisfied: (1) where there is a real risk of being persecuted at the
hands of a non-State actor for reasons which are related to one of the Convention
grounds, whether or not the failure of the State to protect the claimant is Convention
related; or (2) where the risk of being persecuted at the hands of a non-State actor is
unrelated to a Convention ground, but the inability or unwillingness of the State to offer
protection is for a Convention reason.37
In this subchapter, some possible particular social groups have been mentioned in short. The next
subchapter will introduce how the EU, the United States and Canada have implemented these
guidelines in their own legislations concerning the membership of a particular social group, after
which some examples on particular social groups will be discussed slightly in more detail. These
examples will help to explain the concept of a particular social group and help to explain what types
of elements or factors must be taken into consideration while discussing whether someone can be
seen as a member of a particular social group or not.

2.3. “Definitions” of particular social group in the EU, the United States and Canada
As it already has been mentioned, there is no clear and definitive definition of the concept of particular
social group. However, there are some guidelines for states which set out the minimum criteria which
must be fulfilled in order for a person to be able to be granted asylum status by being a member of a
particular social group.
The Qualification Directive states the following about membership of a particular social group:
A group shall be considered to form a particular social group where in particular:
-

members of that group share an innate characteristic, or a common background that
cannot be changed, or share a characteristic or belief that is so fundamental to
identity or conscience that a person should not be forced to renounce it, and

36

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: “Membership of a particular social group” within the context of
Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, UNHCR,
HCR/GIP/02/02, 7 May 2002, para. 18
37
Ibid., para. 23

13

-

that group has a distinct identity in the relevant country, because it is perceived as
being different by the surrounding society.38

As can be read, membership in a particular social group requires a person to have a characteristic
shared with others in that same group, that he or she cannot or cannot be required to renounce. Also,
the group has to be different from the mainstream in that country or society in question. In a practical
guide published by the European Asylum Support Office (hereafter EASO), one decision from the
Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) is highlighted concerning the membership in a
particular social group, that is, the judgement of the court concerning cases Minister voor Immigratie
en Aisel v X and Y, and Z v Minister voor Immigratie en Aisel from the Netherlands. This case handled
the question of sexual orientation, as the three asylum seekers (X, Y and Z) in the Netherlands claimed
that they were homosexuals and therefore were to be seen as members of a particular social group in
their country of origin.39 This judgement by the CJEU will be discussed later on in the next chapter,
where some examples on different particular social groups are introduced.
According to a panel discussion, the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (hereafter
the USCIS) asylum officers “use a three-part test to adjudicate claims involving” particular social
group, which are the following: immutability/fundamentality of the characteristic; whether the
particular social group is socially distinct; and ensuring that a persecutory act or terrorist activity is
not the basis of the trait.40 As one of the panellists state, “case law serves as the sole means for the
definition” of particular social group, and it is still being developed by new case law.41 What is
important to notice from these guidelines by the USCIS, is the fact that the persecutory act cannot be
the basis for the claim, that is, the claim has to have existed before the persecutory act does, and the
act must have been made because that person or the group of persons belong to that certain group.
When it comes to cases that have modified the meaning of particular social group in the United States,
Lay – one of the panellists – noted that the Matter of Acosta from 1985 and the Case of C-A- have
had a great influence.42 The Matter of Acosta was the ground for the “principle of immutability of the
characteristic” and in the Case of C-A- it was outlined as following:

38

Qualification Directive, article 10(d)
X, Y, Z v Minister voor Immigrate en Asiel, C-199/12 – C-201/12, European Union: Court of Justice of The European
Union, 7 November 2013
40
Official Website of the Department of Homeland Security, CIS Ombudsman, Roundtable 2: Hot Topics in Asylum:
An Examination of Particular Social Group and Other Serious Harm, 24 August 2015
41
Ibid.
42
Ibid.
39

14

The members of a particular social group must share a common, immutable
characteristic, which may be an innate one, such as sex, color, or kinship ties, or a shared
past experience, such as former military leadership or land ownership, but it must be
one that members of the group either cannot change, or should not be required to
change, because it is fundamental to their individual identities or consciences.43
In the same case, the board continued that also “social visibility of the members of a claimed social
group is an important consideration in identifying the existence of a ‘particular social group’ --“.44
The Matter of Acosta will be introduced in more detail in sub-chapter 2.4.
In Canada, there are three possible categories of particular social groups:
1. Groups defined by an innate or unchangeable characteristic;
2. groups whose members voluntarily associate for reasons so fundamental to their
human dignity that they should not be forced to forsake the association; and
3. groups associated by a former voluntary status, unalterable due to its historical
permanence.45
Two important cases concerning the matter of a particular social group in Canada are Canada
(Attorney General) v. Ward and Chan v. Canada (Minister of Employment and Immigration).46 As
can be seen, Canada has similarities in their requirements when it comes to the United States and the
European Union. United Sates, Canada and all the EU Member States are States Parties to the 1951
Refugee Convention and the similarities concerning the membership of a particular social group
between these countries in that sense are self-evident, and the UNHCR protective characteristics
approach and the social perception approach can both be seen in the legislation of the United States,
Canada and the EU. The United States, Canada and many European states, in line with the
Qualification Directive, implement the cumulative interpretation of two approaches whereas the
UNHCR implements the non-cumulative interpretation of the two approaches. However, there are
still exceptions within Europe as some states, for instance Hungary and Italy, implement the noncumulative interpretation that is in line with the UNHCR.47 This has naturally led to the fact that the

43

Official Website of the Department of Homeland Security, CIS Ombudsman, Roundtable 2: Hot Topics in Asylum:
An Examination of Particular Social Group and Other Serious Harm, 24 August 2015.
44
Ibid.
45
Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada, Chapter 4 – Grounds of Persecution – Nexus, 4.5. Particular social group
(hereafter the IRB, Chapter 4.5. Particular social group)
46
Ibid.
47
European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 50

15

applicability of particular social group as a reason for persecution is broader in these states when
compared to some other European states and for instance the United States and Canada.48 However,
the line is not always completely clear, when, for instance in Belgium, “the legislation provides a
cumulative approach”49 while “jurisprudence seems to be more flexible by referring to either one or
both elements of the definition”.50 As was mentioned earlier, the international legislation on what
constitutes a particular social group only sets the minimum rights that must be provided but states are
free to provide right that are more favourable for the asylum seekers.

2.4. Examples of different particular social groups and cases concerning determination of particular
social group
As was mentioned in subchapter 2.2, the UNHCR has given a few examples of groups that can
constitute a particular social group. However, countries are not actually bound by these examples and
they can have differing opinions with the UNHCR about what constitutes a particular social group.
There are a few groups that are almost universally seen to constitute a particular social group. An
example of these is sexual orientation. For example, homosexuals can be seen to fulfil the
requirements of both the approaches (protected characteristics and social perception).51 For instance,
in a case by the Court of Justice of the European Union concerning three individuals, who were
homosexuals from Senegal, Sierra Leone and Uganda, and applied for international protection in the
Netherlands, homosexuality as a particular social group was discussed.52 In its decision, the court
found, among other things, that an individual’s “sexual orientation is a characteristic so

fundamental to his identity that he should not be forced to renounce it” and “that the existence
of criminal laws, […], which specifically target homosexuals, supports a finding that [homosexuals]

48

European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 50
49
See Article 48/3 4 of the Aliens Act of Belgium, 15 December 1980
50
European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 49.
51
Cambridge University Press, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the meaning of
‘membership of a particular social group’, by T. Alexander Aleinikoff, June 2003, p. 304
52
X, Y, Z v Minister voor Immigrate en Asiel, C-199/12 – C-201/12, European Union: Court of Justice of The European
Union, 7 November 2013

16

form a separate group which is perceived by the surrounding society as being different”.53 In other
words, the two approaches established by the UNHCR are met. Therefore, the court found that these
three individuals were to be seen as members of a particular social group in their countries of origin.
In addition to sexual orientation, also other groups can constitute a particular social group. For
instance, the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada has made a list of possible particular social
groups, which include “homosexuals (sexual orientation)”, “single women without male protection
(in some countries and circumstances)”, “persons suffering from mental or physical illness”, et
cetera.54
In the United States, [t]he first case to interpret the meaning of ‘particular social group’ was Matter
of Acosta”,55 as was introduced in sub-chapter 2.3. The Matter of Acosta is actually not an example
of what constitutes a particular social group but what does not constitute a particular social group.
Another example of a case, where the applicant was not seen to be a member of a particular social
group, is Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward – that also was mentioned as an influential case
concerning the determination of particular social group. These both cases are similar due the fact that
they evaluate the possibility of one’s profession or status in an organization to lead to the fact that the
person in question should be considered a member of a particular social group due to his or her
profession or the status he or she possesses in a particular organization.
The Matter of Acosta is a case of a taxi driver from El Salvador who applied for asylum in the United
States and appealed to the BIA after receiving a negative decision on his claim for asylum.56 The
applicant was a cofounder of an organization named COTAXI in El Salvador, and a couple years
after the company was founded, COTAXI and its drivers started receiving requests to participate in
work stoppages. Anti-government guerrillas were believed to be the ones behind these requests, and
after the taxi drivers refused to participate, they started receiving threats which led to physical
violence, such as taxis being seized and burned as well as drivers assaulted or killed. Later on, the
applicant started receiving anonymous notes that threatened his life and he claimed to be assaulted

53

X, Y, Z v Minister voor Immigrate en Asiel, C-199/12 – C-201/12, European Union: Court of Justice of The European
Union, 7 November 2013, paragraphs 46 and 48
54
IRB, Chapter 4.5. Particular social group. For the full list and more detailed information on different particular social
groups in Canada, see the website.
55
Catholic Legal Immigration Network, Inc., BIA requires asylums seekers to identify particular social group, author:
Reena Arya
56
Matter of Acosta, A-24159781, United States Board of Immigration Appeals, 1 March 1985

17

by the guerrillas. In order to back up the story, the applicant submitted objective evidence of his
membership in the organization called COTAXI. In this case, the BIA concluded that the applicant’s
fear of persecution was not objectively well-founded and thus, that the applicant did not meet the
requirements of a particular social group. Regarding the determination of a particular social group in
this case, the BIA concluded the following:
The characteristics defining the group of which the respondent was a member and
subjecting that group to punishment were being a taxi driver in San Salvador and
refusing to participate in guerrilla-sponsored work stoppages. Neither of these
characteristics is immutable because the members of the group could avoid the threats
of the guerrillas either by changing jobs or by cooperating in work stoppages. It may be
unfortunate that the respondent either would have had to change his means of earning a
living or cooperate with the guerrillas in order to avoid their threats. However, the
internationally accepted concept of a refugee simply does not guarantee an individual a
right to work in the job of his choice.57

The case Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward58, is a case of a man of Northern Irish origin. He arrived
in Canada and sought asylum basing his claim on fear of being persecuted for reasons of his
membership in a particular social group, that is, the Irish National Liberation Army (hereafter the
INLA). Ward joined the INLA as a volunteer in 1983, and his first task was to guard two of the
organizations hostages. He found out, that the hostages were to be executed, in which he did not want
to have any part of, and therefore he helped these two hostages to escape without the INLA knowing.
However, later on the INLA suspected Ward and tortured him after which he was sentenced to death
by a kangaroo court, although he never admitted his role in the escape of the hostages. He managed
to escape and sought police protection. However, he was charged “for his part in the hostage incident”
and was later on sentenced to jail for three years. Before his sentence, he found out that her wife and
children were being kept hostage by the INLA in order to keep Ward from speaking. After his time
in jail, Ward left the country and arrived in Toronto in December in order to be safe from the INLA.
Ward “became a subject of an inquiry in May 1986 and claimed Convention refugee status”. The
Minister of Employment and Immigration concluded that he did not meet the requirements of a
Convention refugee, after which Ward filed an application to the Immigration Appeal Board in order
to get his claim determined again. His application was re-examined by the Board and he was found
to be a Convention refugee. However, the Attorney General appealed to the Federal Court of Appeal,

57
58

Matter of Acosta, A-24159781, United States Board of Immigration Appeals, 1 March 1985
Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward, [1993] 2 S.C.R. 689, Canada: Supreme Court, 30 June 1993

18

and, among other things, reasoned that the Board had failed to determine whether the INLA was a
particular social group or not. The Federal Court of Appeal referred the matter back to the
Immigration Appeal Board.59
The case, when it comes to determining particular social group60, was commented on by the judges
of the Federal Court of Appeal.61 For instance, the following was concluded in the case Canada
(attorney General) v. Ward:
Urie J.A. was not persuaded that Ward, who feared persecution from the organization
to which he belonged, was entitled to the protection afforded bona fide refugees who
meet all the elements in the definition of Convention refugee. The fact that he was a
member who had acted contrary to the interests of the INLA did not bring him within
the definition. Urie J.A. remarked […] that "[i]f such a view were to be taken anyone
who dissents on anything could be said to be a member of a particular social group", a
proposition he considered absurd. He rejected the argument that any group engaged in
political activity would fall under the definition of a social group. Such an approach, he
reasoned, would render the "political opinion" segment of the "Convention refugee"
definition redundant.62
In dissent to Urie J.A.’s opinion, another argument was presented in that case:
MacGuigan J.A. opined that there could be no serious argument that the INLA is not
literally a particular social group since its members (at p. 689) "are united in a stable
association with common purposes". […] For MacGuigan J.A., the "true gravamen" of
Ward's fear of persecution sprang from his membership in the organization, rather than
from his misbehaviour as a member, since the INLA's motivation in sentencing him to
death was, at least in part, to prevent future disclosures about the activities of the
group.63
In the analysis section of this case, members – or former members – of the INLA was discussed. In
this case, it was concluded that Wards fear of being persecuted did not base on his status as a former
member of the INLA but as a member because “[t]he fact that Ward might no longer be a member is
merely a result of the persecution feared, not its foundation”.64 As was mentioned in subchapter 2.3.,
there are three different categories when it comes to determination of a particular social group, and

59

Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward, [1993] 2 S.C.R. 689, Canada: Supreme Court, 30 June 1993
In this study, only the determination ’membership in a particular social group’ will be discussed. In order to learn
about other aspects of the case, see Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward, [1993] 2 S.C.R. 689, Canada: Supreme Court,
30 June 1993.
61
Federal Court of Appeal, [1990] 2 F.C. 667
62
Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward, [1993] 2 S.C.R. 689, Canada: Supreme Court, 30 June 1993
63
Ibid,
64
Ibid.
60

19

in light of those categories, the following was stated regarding a particular social group in the case of
Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward:
Clearly, the INLA members are not characterized by an innate or unalterable
characteristic. The third branch of the definition is not applicable to Ward, since the
group is associated in the present and membership is not unchangeable owing to its
status as a historical fact. […] As for the second branch, the INLA is a voluntary
association committed to the attainment of specific political goals by any means,
including violence, but I do not believe that this objective can be said to be so
fundamental to the human dignity of its members such that it constitutes a "particular
social group".65
It was concluded that the fear of persecution Ward has, did not come from his membership in the
INLA but rather, he was persecuted on individual grounds that are separate from the group’s
characteristics. It was also argued that even if Ward’s membership in the INLA was the reason why
he ended in a situation that he was threatened, “the fear itself was based on his action, not on his
affiliation”.66 As can be seen, in this case, in addition to determination of membership in a particular
social group, the nexus between the acts of persecution and that particular group was discussed.
To conclude, one’s status in a group or organization, or one’s profession does not necessarily lead to
the fact that the applicant could base his or her claim on membership in a particular social group.
However, it could be argued, at least in theory, that in some circumstances one’s profession or
(former) status in an organization could lead to the fact that he or she would be considered a member
of a particular social group, even if in the two cases presented in this chapter, it was not the case. This
would, however, be possible in cases where an individual is stigmatized by his or her profession or
status, and leaving that job or that status would not remove that stigma, but that individual would still
be considered to be part of that group of persons. As this chapter presented cases concerning particular
social group in general, women as a particular social group will be discussed and cases will be
presented in chapter four.

65
66

Canada (Attorney General) v. Ward, [1993] 2 S.C.R. 689, Canada: Supreme Court, 30 June 1993
Ibid.

20

3. Gender-based or gender-related violence
3.1 What is gender-based violence?
This chapter seeks to provide the basic knowledge of gender-based violence, first in general,
following the recognition of gender-based or gender-related violence on the international field. After
this, gender-based or gender-related violence will be discussed through the UNHCR’s point of view
in the context of asylum claims, that is, the concept of gender-based or gender-related persecution is
explained. Gender-based or gender-related violence will be discussed in this chapter due to the fact
that this thesis aims to discuss whether women who fear gender-based violence for being “too
western” can be seen as a particular social group or not. Gender-based or gender-related violence was
chosen as a topic because usually this type of violence or acts of persecution are used on women if
they break the norms that normally apply them in their country of origin or in the society where they
come from. Gender-based or gender-related violence is in other words usually the persecution women
fear and for what they might apply asylum if they have transgressed social mores of her own society.
Gender-based or gender-related violence is something that affects a person due to his or her gender.
In order to understand gender-based violence it is important to explain what the term gender refers
to. The term gender has a different meaning than the term sex. The term sex “refers to the biological
characteristics of males and females”, whereas the term gender refers to “the social characteristics
assigned to men and women”.67 The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees has in its report
on gender-based violence from May 2003 explained how these social characteristics establishes
gender:
These social characteristics are constructed on the basis of different factors, such as age,
religion, national, ethnic and social origin. They differ both within and between cultures
and define identities, status, roles, responsibilities and power relations among the
members of any society or culture. Gender is learned through socialisation. It is not
static or innate, but evolves to respond to changes in the social, political and cultural
environment.68
In other words, people are born either female or male (sex) but they learn how first become girls and
boys and later on how to develop into women and men. The UNHCR has continued to explain that

67

United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 11
68
Ibid., page 11

21

we learn from the society what the “expected attitudes, behaviours, roles and activities” are, and “the
roles, responsibilities, constraints, opportunities and privileges of men and women in any context”
are defined by gender. This behaviour that we learn is called gender identity.69 This study will later
on discuss women applying asylum for transgressing social mores of their societies. This
transgression of social mores deals with women not acting the way that they are supposed to act, or
not to act, because of their gender.
Now, when the concept of gender is explained, the explanation for gender-based violence is
presented. For instance, the European Commission70 has defined gender-based violence as “violence
directed against a person because of that person’s gender or violence that affects persons of a
particular gender disproportionality”.71 Also the UNHCR has defined gender-based violence
similarly when it stated that gender-based violence “targets individuals or groups of individuals on
the basis of their gender”72. Something that is characteristic for gender-based violence is that it most
often affects women and girls due to their more vulnerable position in a particular society. The
UNHCR has argued that women are usually in a position that is more disadvantaged than men who
are on the same level socially and economically.73 An example could be a family where there is one
girl-child and one boy-child where the only differences between them are sex and gender. In some
societies where the men, so to say, are the dominating party in every aspect, such as in the field of
education and work, women are put in a position where they do not usually have the same
opportunities than men. Women can for instance be under pressure to stay at home and take care of
the children while men educate themselves and work in order to provide for their families. The
UNHCR has stated that “[g]ender roles and identities that usually involve inequality and power
imbalance between women and men”.74 Moreover, the disadvantaged or more vulnerable position
that women, and children, possess is visible especially during the time of conflicts. For instance,
sexual violence is a form of violence that is “tragically prevalent in many modern conflicts”. Typical
for sexual violence is the thought that it is “an unavoidable consequence of warfare”. It also remains

69

United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 12
70
European Comission’s works is run by a College of Commissioners, and it is led by its President (at the time:
President von der Leyen). The Commissioners work on specific policy priorities that are assigned by the Commission
President. For more detailed information about the European Commission’s structure and duties, see: European
Commission, About the European Commission
71
European Commission: What is gender-based violence
72
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 10
73
Ibid., page 12
74
Ibid., page 12

22

hugely un-reported and underestimated.75 Sexual violence can naturally be directed to men as well
but women, being the more disadvantaged and vulnerable party, usually suffer more from this kind
of violence. Violence against women and the acceptance of this violence in societies and cultures is
one of the consequences of this inequality and imbalance between powers. 76 It could be argued that
this inequality and imbalance is one of the main reasons for persecution of women due to them
transgressing social mores of their societies. For instance, if a young woman wishes to study and
work but her family is more traditional and pressures her to get married instead, whereas this family’s
son is encouraged to study, there is an unequal situation between the daughters and sons of that said
family. If the daughter then refuses to marry a man that her family has decided to marry her off for,
it means that the young woman is transgressing the social mores set out for her by her society. Forced
marriage, in turn, can be seen as an act of persecution. Forced marriage will be presented in this
chapter as one form of gender-based violence.
Gender-based violence can take various forms: physical, sexual and psychological or emotional.
Harmful traditional practices and socio-economic violence are also forms of gender-based violence.77
According to the European Commission, physical violence can for instance be “beating, strangling,
pushing, and the use of weapons”. It has been stated that only in the European Union, 31 percent of
women have suffered from this form of violence since the age of fifteen. European Commission
defines the sexual form of gender-based violence as something that “includes sexual acts, attempts to
obtain a sexual act, acts to traffic, or acts otherwise directed against a person’s sexuality without the
person’s consent”. Psychological form of violence “includes psychologically abusive behaviours,
such as controlling, coercion, economic violence and blackmail”78. Also, according to the UNHCR,
abuse or humiliation and confinement or isolation are types of physical and emotional violence. 79
The European Commission has given some examples on what can constitute gender-based violence.
The list provided by the European Commission includes domestic violence, sex-based harassment,

75

The International Committee the Red Cross (ICRC): Q&A: sexual violence in armed conflicts
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 12
77
European Commission: What is gender-based violence; and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
(UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees, Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons,
Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 15
78
European Commission: What is gender-based violence
79
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 17
76

23

female genital mutilation, forced marriage and online violence. 80 The UNHCR has in its report
provided a more comprehensive list of types of sexual and gender-based violence including their
descriptions and examples. To mention a few, sexual violence includes different types of rapes, sexual
abuse and exploitation, forced prostitution and sexual harassment. Physical violence can be physical
assault, human trafficking and slavery. In addition to female genital mutilation and forced marriage,
the UNHCR mentions as examples of harmful traditional practices among others early marriage,
honour killings and maiming, neglect and denial of education for girls and women. As types of socioeconomic violence, the UNHCR has given as an example discrimination or denial of opportunities
and services, social exclusion such as denial of access to services or social benefits as well as
obstructive legislative practice for which women are denied aces to enjoy civil, social, economic,
cultural and political rights.81 Domestic violence is violence that takes place “within the family,
domestic unit, or between intimate partners”.82 It goes without saying that any person can suffer from
domestic violence but in the world we live in today it is more common for persons who belong to
vulnerable groups to suffer from this kind of violence. As was stated above, usually women and
children are seen more vulnerable than men and therefore they are easier targets for domestic
violence. Sex-based harassment as a form of gender-based violence “includes unwelcome verbal,
physical or other non-verbal conduct of a sexual nature with the purpose or effect of violating the
dignity of a person”83. Female genital mutilation “is the ritual cutting or removal of some or all of the
external female genitalia”. This practice violates women’s bodies and often also shatters their
sexuality, mental health, well-being and even their ability to participate in their community. In some
circumstances it may even lead to death.84 Forced marriage is often linked to child or early marriages
in which children are forced to marry before they reach the minimum age for marriage. Forced
marriages are concluded under force or coercion which can be either physical or emotional and
psychological pressure.85 An example of emotional and psychological pressure could be a threat of
being abandoned by own family whereas physical pressure could be for instance torture or the threat
of torture. Online violence covers a larger amount of illegal or harmful actions taken against women
on the internet. The European Commission explains that violence taking place online “can be linked

80

European Commission: What is gender-based violence
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 16-18. For more
detailed explanations and examples see the report and mentioned pages.
82
European Commission: What is gender-based violence
83
Ibid.
84
Ibid.
85
Ibid.
81

24

to experience of violence in real life, or be limited to the online environment only”. It continues by
stating that these kind of behaviours “can include illegal threats, stalking or incitement to violence,
unwanted, offensive or sexually explicit emails or messages, sharing of private images or videos
without consent, or inappropriate advances on social networking sites”.86
As can be seen from the definition and examples above, gender-based violence is not alone physical
violence. Gender-based violence can, as stated above, also be for instance verbal oppress and it can
even occur online through persons that the victim of the violence never meets in real life. However,
usually sexual and gender-based violence is perpetrated by someone the victim already knows87. As
there are many types of gender-based and gender-related violence, not all of them are applicable when
discussing women fearing gender-related persecution for being too western. Usually women who
break social norms face persecution from their families or relatives, due to the fact that these women
have brought shame or dishonour to their families or even for their extended families. This type of
gender-based persecution is common for instance among the Kurdish people in the Kurdistan
Regional Government Area of Iraq 88. This topic will be discussed in chapter 4 of this study.

3.2 Recognition of gender-based violence on the international field
There are several international legal instruments and resolutions that concern violence against women
at the United Nations level.89 In addition to Conventions, this subchapter will discuss international
documents that are non-binding for states. Soft law will be discussed in order to explain the
development of the recognition of gender-based violence on the international field.
One of the most important international conventions regarding gender-based violence is the United
Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women90 (hereafter
the CEDAW). The CEDAW is the culmination of over thirty years of preparation by the United

86

European Commission: What is gender-based violence
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence against Refugees,
Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and Response, May 2003, page 13
88
UK Home Office, Country Policy and Information Note, Iraq: ‘Honour’ crimes, Version 2.0, March 2021, paragraph
2.4, pages 5-6
89
European Union Agency fo Fundamental Rights (FRA), Violence Against Women: an EU-wide survey, Main
Results, 2014, page 10
90
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, adopted and opened for signature,
ratification and accession by General Assembly resolution 34/180 of 18 December 1979, entry into force 3 September
1981, in accordance with article 27(1).
87

25

Nations Commission on the Status of Women91, and it is the central and most comprehensive
document among other several declarations and conventions concerning the rights of women.92 It was
not until 1979 that discrimination against women was recognized through the CEDAW. Genderbased violence was however not yet in 1979 seen as discrimination but it became recognised as
discrimination on the international field in line with CEDAW first in 1992.93 This happened through
the General Recommendation No. 19 of the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of
Discrimination Against

Women94

(hereafter

the CEDAW

Committee95).

The General

Recommendation is not binding for states but its purpose is to provide guidance for them. In General
Recommendation No. 19 it is stated in article 6 that gender-based violence is “violence that is directed
against women because she is a woman or that affects women disproportionately” 96. According to
that same article, gender-based violence “includes acts that inflict physical, mental or sexual harm or
suffering, threats of such acts, coercion and other deprivations of liberty”97. In 1993, the Declaration
on the Elimination of Violence Against Women was established and “since then, gender-based
violence has become recognised as a violation of women’s human rights and the concept of violence
has expanded to include different forms”98, even if the Declaration is not binding for states. Along
the Declaration, became the first internationally agreed definition of violence against women. 99 The
Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women defines violence against women as
any act of gender-based violence that results in, or is likely to result in, physical, sexual
or psychological harm or suffering to women, including threats of such acts, coercion
or arbitrary deprivation of liberty, whether occurring in public or private life.100

91

The United Nations Commission on the Status of Women is a body that was established in 1946 in order to monitor
the situation of women and to promote the rights of women (source: United Nations Office of the High Commissioner
on Human Rights (OHCHR), Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
Introduction)
92
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights (OHCHR), Convention on the Elimination of All
Forms of Discrimination against Women, Introduction
93
Handbook on counselling asylum seeking and refugee women victims of gender-based violence, page 14
94
The CEDAW Committee is a body of 23 independent experts on women’s rights around the world, which monitors
the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women. Source:
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights (OHCHR), Committee on the Elimination of
Discrimination against Women
95
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA), Violence Against Women: an EU-wide survey, Main
Results, 2014, page 10
96
United Nations, CEDAW Committee (1992), General Recommendation No. 19 on Violence against women, adopted
at the 11th session, 1992, A/47/38, 29 January 1992, article 6.
97
Ibid., article 6
98
Handbook on counselling asylum seeking and refugee women victims of gender-based violence, page
99
European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights (FRA), Violence Against Women: an EU-wide survey, Main
Results, 2014, page 9
100
UN, General Assembly, Declaration on the Elimination of Violence Against Women, A/RES/48/104, 20 December
1993, page 3.

26

Also in 1993, it was stated in the Vienna Declaration Programme of Action 101 that it is important to
work towards “the elimination of violence against women in public and private life”. 102 The
Declaration is not legally binding for states but it addresses central issues and provides guidance for
states. In 1994, the Commission on Human Rights at that time for the first time expressed disapproval
of gender-based violence and the Commission appointed a Special Rapporteur on violence against
women, its causes and consequences103 the same year.104 Also in 1994, it was stated in a resolution
on Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women by the General Assembly that
violence against women is a manifestation of historically unequal power relations
between men and women, which have led to domination over and discrimination against
women by men and to the prevention of the full advancement of women, and that
violence against women is one of the crucial social mechanisms by which women are
forced into a subordinate position compared with men.105
Later on, in the United Nations World Conference on Women that was held in Beijing in 1995, and
where the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action106 was adopted, the conclusions of the Vienna
Conference from 1994 were reaffirmed as violence against women was listed “as one of the critical
areas of concern”.107 The Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action is also not binding for states
but seeks to provide clarification or guidance. Accordingly to the definition of the concept violence
against women in the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women from 1992, the
1995 Beijing Declaration has provided a non-exclusive list on what can constitute violence against
women
(a) physical, sexual and psychological violence occurring in the family, including
battering,
sexual
abuse
of
female
children
in the household, dowry-related violence, marital rape, female genital mutilation and
other traditional practices harmful to women, non-spousal violence and violence related
to exploitation;

101

Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, Adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights in Vienna on 25
June 1993.
102
Ibid., article 38
103
The first Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences was Ms. Radhika
Coomarsawamy (Sri Lanka) from 1994 until July 2003. (source: OHCHR, Special Rapporteur on violence against
women, its causes and consequences)
104
United Nations Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner (hereafter OHCHR), Violence against women
105
UN, General Assembly, Resolution on the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women,
A/RES/48/104, 23 February 1994
106
The Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, Adopted at the 16th plenary
meeting, on 15 September 1995.
107
OHCHR, Violence against women

27

(b) physical, sexual and psychological violence occurring within the general
community, including rape, sexual abuse, sexual harassment and intimidation at work,
in educational institutions and elsewhere, trafficking in women and forced prostitution;
(c) physical, sexual and psychological violence perpetrated or condoned by the State,
wherever it occurs.108
In 1998, The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court109 recognized gender-based violence
and made “provision for the application of gender-sensitive justice”.110 Another significant step was
taken in 2017, when the General Assembly updated its General Recommendation No. 19 with its
General Recommendation No. 35111, which “further elaborated international standards on genderbased violence against women”.112 It was recognized “that the prohibition of gender-based violence
against women has evolved into a principle of customary international law”.113
As can be seen, the elimination of discrimination against women and violence against women has
developed over time by many international conventions, declarations and resolutions as well as
recommendations on the United Nations level. The progress has led to the fact that gender-based
violence against women is today seen as a human rights violation.114 As this type of violence is a
consequence “of structural, deep-rooted discrimination”, the states have a positive obligation on
taking action against it. The prevention of gender-based violence is in other words not a voluntary
act but there “is a legal and moral obligation requiring legislative, administrative and institutional
measures and reforms and the eradication of gender stereotypes which condone or perpetuate genderbased violence against women and underpin the structural inequality of women with men”. 115 The
Declaration on the Elimination of Violence Against Women together with the CEDAW General
Recommendation No. 35 provide for the concept of states’ due diligence obligation. This obligation
seeks the states “to take positive action to prevent and protect women from violence, punish
perpetrators of violent acts and compensate victims of violence” (= positive obligation).116

108

The Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, Adopted at the 16th plenary
meeting, on 15 September 1995, pages 48-49, article 113
109
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, Done at Rome on 17 July 1998, in force on 1 July 2002, United
Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 2187, No. 38544
110
The United Nations work on violence against women, Information Note, Division for the Advancement of Women
111
United Nations, CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 35 on gender-based violence against women,
updating general recommendation No. 19, CEDAW/C/GC/35, 26 July 2017.
112
OHCHR, Violence against women
113
United Nations, CEDAW Committee, General recommendation No. 35 on gender-based violence against women,
updating general recommendation No. 19, CEDAW/C/GC/35, 26 July 2017, Introduction, article 2
114
OHCHR, Violence against women
115
Ibid.
116
Ibid.

28

Moreover, there has been a growing awareness of violence against women in many countries around
the world and there has been a significant progress in forms of comprehensive legal frameworks as
well as specific institutions and policies.117 For instance, in the European level there is the Council of
Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence,
also known as the Istanbul Convention118. For the most part, the Istanbul Convention follows the
earlier definitions and has defined both violence against women and domestic violence:
a. “violence against women” is understood as a violation of human rights and a form of
discrimination against women and shall mean all acts of gender-based violence that
result in, or are likely to result in, physical, sexual, psychological or economic harm or
suffering to women, including threats of such acts, coercion or arbitrary deprivation of
liberty, whether occurring in public or in private life;
b. “domestic violence” shall mean all acts of physical, sexual, psychological or
economic violence that occur within the family or domestic unit or between former or
current spouses or partners, whether or not the perpetrator shares or has shared the same
residence with the victim;119

The Istanbul Convention obliges its parties to criminalise acts of gender-based violence, such as
psychological violence, stalking, physical violence, sexual violence – including rape, forced
marriage, female genital mutilation, forced abortion and forced sterilisation. 120 However, at the
European Union level, “there is no specific comprehensive legislation addressing violence against
women”121.
In addition, there are a number of international legal instruments and other international framework
that cover trafficking in human beings which can also be a form of gender-based violence but those
conventions fall outside the sphere of this study.

117

OHCHR, Violence against women
Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence, CETS
No.210, adopted by The Council of Europe Committee of Ministers on 7 April 2011. The convention opened for
signature on 11 May 2011 in Istanbul, enty into force 1 August 2014, source: Council of Europe, Treaty Office, Details
of Treaty No.210; Information Platform, humanrights.ch
119
Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against women and domestic violence, CETS
No.210, article 3
120
Ibid., articles 33-39. For more, see the Council of Europe Convention on preventing and combating violence against
women and domestic violence, CETS No.210, 2011
121
European Union Agency fo Fundamental Rights (FRA), Violence Against Women: an EU-wide survey, Main
Results, 2014, page 11
118

29

3.3 The UNHCR’s interpretation of gender-based or gender-related persecution
As was stated above, those who are in a more vulnerable or disadvantaged position are easier targets
for violence. One could argue that by being an asylum seeker or a refugee, you already are in a
vulnerable position. As was previously mentioned, women are usually in a higher risk of being
targeted with violence due to their vulnerability. Consequently, refugee women or women as asylum
seekers are in an even more vulnerable position than just women or just refugees. However, the
purpose of this study is not to examine the vulnerability of refugee women and what causes this
vulnerability or what are the consequences of it. Instead, the purpose is to find an answer to whether
women who break the norms of their society or culture can be seen as members of a particular social
group due to the fact that they have a well-founded fear of facing gender-based violence if they were
to return to their countries of origin. In this situation gender-based violence is seen as the act of
persecution. In order to do that, this chapter will be looking into more detail what is gender-based or
gender-related persecution instead of just gender-based or gender-related violence in general, that
was explained in the previous sub-chapters.
The UNHCR has in its guidelines explained that gender-based or gender-related persecution as a term
does not have a legal meaning per se.122 The term “is used to encompass the range of different claims
in which gender is a relevant consideration in the determination or refugee status”. The UNHCR
continues by stating that asylum claims that are related to gender “have typically encompassed,
although are by no means limited to, acts of sexual violence, family/domestic violence, coerced
family planning, female genital mutilation, punishment for transgression of social mores, and
discrimination against homosexuals”.123 It is still important to remember that not all women are
automatically entitled to refugee status just because they are women but they must also establish that
they have a well-founded fear of being persecuted for the reasons listed in the 1951 Refugee
Convention article 1 A(2), that is, race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group
or political opinion.124 As an example could be used a case, where the claimant is a Somalian citizen
with a new born baby or a young child who is a girl. She bases her claim on the fear of having her
child becoming a victim of female genital mutilation if they were to return to Somalia. If the fear that

122

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 2,
para. 1
123
Ibid., page 2, para. 3
124
Ibid., page 2, para. 4; UN, the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, article 1
A(2)

30

she bases her claim on is well-founded, she would be granted refugee status due to most likely being
a member of a particular social group if her state of origin cannot offer protection for her and her
child. As female genital mutilation is a cultural and traditional practice in most parts of Somalia and
seen as a natural part of being a woman there is no protection available from the authorities of
Somalia. The UNHCR has in its guidelines explained that “it should be noted that harmful practices
in breach of international human rights law and standards cannot be justified on the basis of historical,
traditional, religious or cultural grounds”.125 In other words, the woman and her child of the example
cannot be deported on the grounds that female genital mutilation is a cultural and traditional practice
in their country of origin. In sub-chapter 3.1 was given an example of the young woman who wanted
to study and work instead of marrying the man of her family’s choosing, and for that she would break
the norms of the society if she did not obey. Despite the fact that arranged, or forced, marriages are
seen as cultural practice, arranging a marriage against one’s will is considered forcing, and it is a
violation of that person’s human rights. As this is one type of transgression of social mores, also
women being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing, are seen to transgress the social mores of
some societies. When handling asylum cases concerning this issue, to put it plainly, it is crucial to
analyse whether making someone to wear clothes that are suitable for her society is a violation of
human rights or not. The issue, however, is not that simple and it will be discussed in chapter five of
this study.
The UNHCR has argued that although gender is not per se referenced in the refugee definition in the
1951 Refugee Convention and its 1967 Protocol, “it is clear – and thus accepted – that it can influence,
or dictate, the type of persecution or harm suffered and the reasons for this treatment”126, and
continues by claiming that the definition of a refugee covers gender-based claims if it is properly
interpreted. As a result, it is not necessary to add an additional ground, that is, a ground called gender,
to the Convention definition of a refugee.127 However, as was explained in chapter two of this study,
most of the states’ national legislation do not follow the UNHCR’s guidelines about women, as only
by being women, being members of a particular social group, under which purely gender-related

125

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 3,
para. 5
126
Cambridge University Press, Summary Conclusions: Gender-Related Persecution, June 2003. Adopted at the expert
roundtable organized by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the International Institute of
Humanitarian Law, in the context of the Global Consultations on International Protection in San Remo, Italy, 6-8
September 2001, no. 3
127
Ibid., para. 1

31

asylum claims usually fall. Keeping this in mind, one could argue that the UNHCR’s argument does
not in real life actually hold true. If that would in reality be the case, a woman, only due to her gender,
would be entitled refugee status if her fear was well-founded solely because she is a woman.
However, in reality, she would in this situation be granted subsidiary protection unless she fell under
another category, such as political opinion or if she is considered to have some other characteristic
for which she could be seen as a member of some particular social group. As has been stated, the
UNHCR is of the opinion that women should fall under the category of the membership in a particular
social group but state practice shows us that there must be another factor present, such as women who
are in a lack of a safety net in a particular society where a safety net that includes men is a necessity
in order to be able to live safely in the society in question.
It is also important to remember in gender-related or gender-sensitive asylum claims that in order for
an applicant to fulfil the requirements to be granted refugee status, he or she must have a well-founded
fear of being persecuted. According to the UNHCR guidelines, “[w]hat amounts to a well-founded
fear of persecution will depend on the particular circumstances of each individual case”. 128
Persecution in itself does not have any universally accepted definition but in the UNHCR Handbook
on procedures and criteria for determining refugee states and guidelines on international protection it
has explained to cover in the minimum “a threat to life or freedom on account of race, religion
nationality, political opinion or membership in a particular social group”. In addition, other serious
violations of human rights for the same reasons also constitute persecution.

129

An applicant can in

other words be subjected to “smaller” or less grave violations of human rights that would not in
themselves constitute persecution, but taken together, the applicant can “reasonably justify a claim to
well-founded fear of persecution on ‘cumulative grounds’”. Discrimination can in some
circumstances be seen as this kind of human rights violation. There is, however, no general rule on
what amount or what types of cumulative reasons would be enough to constitute persecution.130
In addition to harms that both male and female applicants can be subjected to, they may also face
harm or acts of persecution that are specific to their sex. These can for instance be sexual violence,

128

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 3,
no. 9
129
UNHCR, Handbook on procedures and criteria for determining refugee states and guidelines on international
protection, Under the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, first published in 1979
and re-issued in 1992 and in February 2019, Geneva, page 21, paragraph 51
130
Ibid., page 21, para. 53

32

such as rape.131 In 2015, it was stated in a report presented by the UNHCR, that the Middle East and
North Africa regions, such as Syria, Iraq, Yemen and Libya, are areas where humanitarian crises and
forced displacement are widespread problems.132 The countries affected by these conflicts have had
an increase in sexual and gender-based violence, which is also often one of the reasons for people to
seek refuge elsewhere than in their home countries or countries of origin.133 The conflicts for instance
in Syria and Iraq has led to the fact that women and girls as well as men and boys are facing “increased
risks and multiple forms of violence”, such as “forced and early marriage, sexual violence, including
sexual abuse and exploitation and domestic violence”.134 However, it is important to remember that
women, children, older persons and persons with disabilities are in a higher risk of being subjected
to sexual and gender-based violence.135 Women for instance are especially vulnerable for human
trafficking, which is a form of gender-based violence, and this phenomenon is extremely common in
for instance Nigeria where women and girls are trafficked for instance for sexual and labour
exploitation.136 The UNHCR does in fact list “rape and other forms of gender-related violence, such
as dowry-related violence, female genital mutilation, domestic violence, and trafficking” as acts that
cause extreme physical and mental pain and suffering and therefore they “have been used as forms
of persecution, whether perpetrated by State or private actors”.137
Laws can be persecutory themselves as they might originate from (harmful) traditional or cultural
practices, and these in turn might not be in line with international human rights standards. 138 And
even if a certain state has prohibited a harmful tradition by law, such as female genital mutilation,
this harmful practice might still be condoned or tolerated by that state or alternatively the state is not
able to stop this practice from happening.139 Let us go back to the example of the Somalian woman
who fears that her child will be subjected to female genital mutilation if they were to return to
Somalia. In Somalia, the Constitution prohibits circumcision of girls due to its cruelty and degrading

131

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 3,
para. 9
132
UNHCR, Sexual and Gender-based Violence Prevention and Response in Refugee Situations in the Middle East and
North Africa, 25 November 2015, pages 4 and 6
133
Ibid.. page 4
134
Ibid., page 5
135
Ibid., page 9
136
Human Rights Watch, ”You Pray for Death”, Trafficking of Women and Girls in Nigeria, 27 August 2019
137
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 4,
no. 9
138
Ibid., page 9, para. 10
139
Ibid., page 9, para. 11

33

nature which is tantamount to torture. However, there is no national legislation in Somalia that would
expressly criminalise and punish the practice of female genital mutilation and there is no evidence
that the perpetrators of this harmful practice would have been prosecuted under other laws.140
Therefore, the law itself, even if existing, does not provide protection from female genital mutilation
and the woman’s asylum claim stays valid. This same example applies for women transgressing social
mores of her society, if that said society does not offer sufficient protection against the act of
persecution. However, it is important to bear in mind that this matter can also be reversed, because
even if there is a law in a certain state that is a persecutory law, it does not necessarily mean that the
individual automatically is granted asylum. The applicant must “establish that he or she has a wellfounded fear of being persecuted as a result of that law”.141 For instance, the existence of a persecutory
law would lead to an invalid asylum claim if the law, even if existing, is no longer being enforced.142
The UNHCR continues to explain in its report that punishments and penalties for non-compliance
with or breach of a law or a policy that is disproportionately severe and has gender dimension,
amounts to persecution.143 It is, however, pointed out that usually individuals trying to avoid
prosecution or punishment by fleeing do not usually meet the requirements for refugee status.144
However, the punishment cannot be so severe that it is unreasonable compared to the breach that was
made. As an example, the UNHCR mentioned that women who transgress social mores in a society
which amounts to a breach of law, receive a severe punishment, could be considered persecution.145
There are also laws and policies that have reasonable objectives but the methods of implementation
are still unreasonable. These unreasonable methods in turn would amount to persecution. For
instance, it is a normal and accepted policy to use family planning measures in order to control
population pressure but if this policy is for instance implemented through the use of forced abortions
and sterilisations it would amount to persecution.146 All in all, it does not automatically mean that a
certain law is, or is not, seen as persecution just because of the formulation of that law but the actual
application of that law in a particular society tells the true nature of that law and whether it amounts
to persecution or not.

140 28 Too Many, Somalia: The Law and FGM, July 2018, pages 3 and 5
141 UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 4,
no. 10
142
Ibid., para. 10
143
Ibid., para. 12
144
Ibid., page 4, footnote 6
145
Ibid., para. 12
146
Ibid., para. 13

34

As was mentioned above, discrimination in itself, and as a separate action, is not seen as persecution
but it might amount to persecution on cumulative grounds and therefore a certain amount of
discrimination caused by at least one of the five grounds for persecution, that is, race, religion,
nationality, membership in a particular social group and political opinion, might lead to the fact that
the applicant is granted refugee status. Also, a certain amount of less favourable treatment could
amount to persecution and granting of international protection.147 In the UNHCR Handbook it is
stated that discrimination will for instance amount to persecution “if measures of discrimination lead
to consequences of a substantially prejudicial nature for the person concerned, e.g. serious restrictions
on his right to earn his livelihood, his right to practise his religion, or his access to normally available
educational facilities”.148 For instance, transgression of social mores is more often applicable to girls
or women, and usually it is a follow-up of differing treatment of women and men, where usually
women do not have the same opportunities as men. For instance, men might have a better chance to
decide if they want to marry a girl or not, and men might be able to choose what to wear, whereas
women might not have the same opportunity.
Gender-related claims can also be about a certain state’s ability or will to protect individuals against
certain types of harm. In these situations, discrimination would take place if the state fails to provide
this type of protection.149 If the state fails to protect some individuals or does not grant the same rights
for this group than the “others” due to a matter of policy or practice then this type of discrimination
could constitute persecution.150 Examples of these kinds of cases could be cases concerning domestic
violence or abuse of those who differ from the “normal” in relation to sexual orientation.151
The UNHCR has given two examples on gender-related or gender-based violence as claims for
refugee status. The first one is persecution due to one’s sexual orientation, and the second one is

147

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, para. 14
148
UNHCR, Handbook on procedures and criteria for determining refugee states and guidelines on international
protection, Under the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, first published in 1979
and re-issued in 1992 and in February 2019, Geneva, page 21, paragraph 54
149
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 5,
para. 15
150
Ibid., page 5, para. 15
151
Ibid., page 5, para. 15

35

trafficking152 of women or children for the purposes of forced prostitution or sexual exploitation.153
These both contain a gender element. Regarding the claims based on one’s sexual orientation, the
question is about those situations where the applicant “has been subject to persecutory (including
discriminatory) action on account of his or her sexuality or sexual practices”.154 These cases usually
involve that the claimant has not acted according to the norms of that society and culture he or she
lives in.155 When talking about homosexuality, it can either be illegal in a certain society, and
therefore it imposes severe criminal penalties that could amount to persecution, or homosexuality in
itself might not be criminalised but the state condones or fails to protect these minorities from
discriminatory or harmful practices, and therefore it might in some circumstances amount to
persecution.156 The UNHCR compared this to women who refuse to wear headscarf and therefore are
subjected to violence or other harmful practice in some societies where the norm, and/or rule, for
women is to wear a headscarf.157 The issue concerning this matter is the purpose of this study, and it
will be discussed in chapter five, whether women being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing,
can credibly demonstrate that they are members of a particular social group.
Regarding the claims based on being a victim of human trafficking for instance for purposes of forced
prostitution and sexual exploitation, the question is about gender-related violence or abuse which may
even lead to death. Trafficking can be seen as torture or other forms of cruel, inhuman or degrading
treatment. It can also restrict women’s freedom of movement for instance by not letting a person
outside without supervision or taking away one’s passport or other identity documents. Thus,
“trafficked women and minors may face serious repercussions after their escape and/or upon return,
such as reprisals or retaliation from trafficking rings or individuals, real possibilities of being re-

152

Similarly to the UNHCR guidelines concerning gender-related persecution, according to article 3 (a) in the Protocol
to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United
Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime (adopted and opened for signature, ratification and
accession by General Assembly resolution 55/25 of 15 November 2000), also known as the Palermo Protocol,
trafficking in persons means “the recruitment, transportation, transfer, harbouring or receipt of persons, by means of the
threat or use of force or other forms of coercion, of abduction, of fraud, of deception, of the abuse of power or of a
position of vulnerability or of the giving or receiving of payments or benefits to achieve the consent of a person having
control over another person, for the purpose of exploitation. Exploitation shall include, at a minimum, the exploitation
of the prostitution of others or other forms of sexual exploitation, forced labour or services, slavery or practices similar
to slavery, servitude or the removal of organs”.
153
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01,
paragraphs 16-18
154
Ibid., para 16
155
Ibid., para. 16
156
Ibid., para. 17
157
Ibid., para. 17

36

trafficked, severe community or family ostracism, or severe discrimination”.158 Therefore one could
base a refugee claim for being a victim of human trafficking in situations where a particular state has
not been able to or has not had the will to protect persons against this type of harm or threats of
harm.159
Persecution is usually perpetrated by authorities of a particular country but also “serious
discriminatory other offensive acts committed by” private actors, can be considered persecution with
the condition that states are unable or unwilling to provide protection against these private
perpetrators.160 As has been stated, gender-based violence is mostly perpetrated by private actors, for
instance domestic violence, forced prostitution, forced marriages et cetera. Also in gender-related
asylum claims there must be a causal link between the act of persecution and one of the five grounds
listed in the 1951 Refugee Convention.161 However, if the perpetrator is a non-state actor, this causal
link does not necessarily have to be established between the action of this private perpetrator and one
of the grounds listed in the 1951 Refugee Convention. In these situations, the link must be established
when examining the willingness of a state to provide protection for this person in question. If the state
is unwilling or unable to provide protection against this private perpetrator’s actions for reasons of
race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group or political opinion, the causal link
is established.162 For instance, in cases concerning domestic violence in a form of abuse by one’s
husband where the abuse is directed against a woman by her husband, even if the perpetrator, that is,
the husband is not using violence against his wife for reasons of race, nationality, religion,
membership in a particular social group or political opinion, but if the state is unwilling or unable to
provide protection for this woman due to those reasons, the causal link is established.
Gender-related asylum claims can be for one or more of the 1951 Refugee Convention grounds and
for instance, a claim based on breaching the socially accepted or religious norms of a particular
society may fall under the following grounds: religion, political opinion or membership in a particular
social group. It is, however, important to note that the applicant herself or himself does not have to

158

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 5,
para. 18
159
Ibid., para. 18
160
Ibid., para. 19
161
Ibid., para. 20
162
Ibid., para. 21

37

know under which ground she or he is basing her claim on, but it is rather a legal matter. 163 In the
matter of race, men and women might face persecution in different ways. As the UNHCR explaines
in its guidelines concerning gender-related persecution, “the persecutor may choose to destroy the
ethnic identity and/or prosperity of a racial group by killing, maiming or incarcerating the men, while
the women may be viewed as propagating the ethnic or racial identity and persecuted in a different
way, such as through sexual violence or control of reproduction”.164 Nationality as a ground can
overlap with race.165 The UNHCR states that even if “persecution on the grounds of nationality (as
with race) is not specific to women or men, in many instances the nature of the persecution takes a
gender-specific form”, such as sexual violence.
In the matter of religion, women and men are usually assigned certain roles they must obey, and if
they fail to do so, they can be punished in a way that amounts to persecution.166 In other words, one
could say that the gender-aspect is visible in religion in that sense that men and women have different
rights and obligations when it comes to religion in a particular society, and if a woman crosses the
line she might face persecution. However, religion might in some cases overlap with political opinion
as by acting contrary to one’s expected behaviour may be seen “as evidence of an unacceptable
political opinion”.167 One could argue that this is more characteristic in societies where religion is an
important and even ruling part of a particular society due to the fact that in these types of societies
religion is not only religion but something that is an inevitable part of that society, that is, the society
cannot in a way function without religion. An example could be for instance countries in Middle East
where Islam is a ruling part of the society and where imams are highly appreciated and where they
might even due to their position related to religion be a part of a city’s leadership and through that
position have an effect on how the society functions and what are the rules or norms in that society.
The UNHCR has, in fact, stated in its guidelines that the overlapping on religion and political opinion
is “particularly true in societies where there is little separation between religious and State
institutions, laws and doctrines”.168 Usually, women applicants who base their claim on the fact that
they have transgressed the social mores of their societies, come from countries where religion is a

163

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 5,
para. 18, para. 23
164
Ibid., para. 24
165
Ibid., para. 27
166
Ibid., para. 25
167
Ibid., para. 26
168
Ibid., para. 26

38

dominant factor when establishing the rules of that said society. As the purpose of this study is to
analyse whether women being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing, can constitute a particular
social group, this matter will be discussed further in chapter five.
When basing a claim for refugee status under political opinion, the “claimant must show that he or
she has a well-founded fear of being persecuted for holding certain political opinions (usually
different from those of the Government or parts of the society), or because holding such opinions has
been attributed to him or her”.169 As the UNHCR explains in its guidelines regarding gender-related
persecution, claimants basing their claim on political opinion do not necessarily mean that they
actively participate in politics in their country of origin. In order for the claimant to base his or her
claim under political opinion, it is required that “the claimant holds or is assumed to hold opinions
not tolerated by the authorities or society”.170 In the countries where the majority of asylum seekers
come from, women are not as likely to engage themselves in high profile political activity as men but
rather take part in political activities that can be said to be on a lower level, such as nursing sick rebel
soldiers, and vice versa; women can be seen to hold a political opinion if she refuses to engage in
certain activities the government expects her to, such as preparing meals for government soldiers.171
Also, women can be seen to hold a certain political view due to belonging to a family holding that
view, and therefore she could base her asylum claim under political opinion due to imputed political
opinion.172 However, as the UNHCR continues to explain, she might also be seen as being a member
of a particular group due to belonging to that family, where the family is the group that is being
persecuted.173
As political opinion can overlap with religion, it can also overlap with membership of a particular
social group. Gender-based claims are in fact often “analysed within the parameters of” membership
of a particular social group.174 The UNHCR continues to state that this is in fact insofar usual that
other grounds, such as religion or political opinion, are overlooked. As was explained in chapter two
of this study, the UNHCR claims that women should be considered to belong to this particular social

169

UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 5,
para. 18, para. 32
170
Ibid., para 32
171
Ibid., paragraphs 33-34
172
Ibid., para. 33
173
Ibid., para. 33
174
Ibid., para 28

39

group as they are “defined by innate and immutable characteristics” and “are frequently treated
differently than men”.175 However, as was stated in chapter two, this does not in fact hold true in
practice among states, which the UNHCR has also noticed and given its comments on:
The size of the group has sometimes been used as a basis for refusing to recognise
‘women’ generally as a particular social group. This argument has no basis in fact or
reason, as the other grounds are not bound by this question of size. There should equally
be no requirement that the particular social group be cohesive or that members of it
voluntarily associate, or that every member of the group is at risk of persecution. It is
well-accepted that it should be possible to identify the group independently of the
persecution, however, discrimination or persecution may be a relevant factor in
determining the visibility of the group in a particular context.176
In addition to sex, also gender and gender identity can function as a basis for a refugee claim under
membership of a particular social group, that is, the definition provided by the UNHCR, also includes
for instance homosexuals and transsexuals.177
As has been explained above, nationality and race are usually not gender-specific themselves but the
way the act of persecution is directed against men and women might, and usually does, differ, whereas
religion, political opinion and membership in a particular social group might be gender-related in that
sense that women can be subjected to acts of persecution due to the fact that they do not abide by the
roles or norms assigned to them by a particular society. The question still stays: are women who do
not abide by the roles that the society has assigned to them a particular social group or not? The
question here is whether not abiding by her role is something that she cannot or should not be
compelled to forsake, or not. In other words, is the protective characteristics approach met or not.
The next chapter will continue the discussion with the gender-aspect in relation to membership in a
particular social group. Women as a particular social group will be discussed in general and cases
concerning this will be provided. In chapter five, it will be analysed whether or not, in the light of
previous case law in different countries, women who transgress social mores or norms in a particular
society, for which she has a well-founded fear of being targeted with gender-based persecution, can
constitute a particular social group.

175

Cambridge University Press, Summary Conclusions: Gender-Related Persecution, June 2003, no. 5
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7 May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01, page 8,
para. 31
177
Ibid., page 8, para 31
176

40

4. Women as a particular social group
4.1. Women as a particular social group in general
This chapter will discuss women as a particular social group. In this first subchapter, women as a
particular social group will be discussed in general through the views of the UNHCR and different
countries that are state parties to the 1951 Refugee Convention. In order to better demonstrate this
concept in practice, case law from countries that are states parties to the 1951 Refugee Convention
will be provided in the second subchapter. In the light of the findings made in the first two
subchapters, the third subchapter will discuss the question, whether women who are considered to be
“too western”178 in their countries of origin, and therefore fearing gender-based violence, would be
considered as members of a particular social group. The concept of breaking the norms of the society
by being “too western” will be discussed, after which the question whether being too western meets
the requirements of both of the UNHCR’s approaches that were presented in chapter two, that is, the
protective characteristics approach and the social perception approach.
As was explained in chapter two, the UNHCR is of the opinion that only one of the two approaches,
that is, the protective characteristics approach or the social perception approach, must be met in order
for a person to belong to a particular social group. In other words, the UNHCR supports the noncumulative interpretation of the two different approaches. The other possible way of implementation
is the cumulative interpretation, in which the criteria of both of the two approaches are to be met.
Women as a particular group has raised a great amount of discussion, and the opinion regarding
women as a particular social group in many countries is different from the opinion of the UNHCR,
likewise when it comes to whether states parties should implement the non-cumulative interpretation
of the approaches as the UNHCR sees fit. The UNHCR has, in fact, concluded “that sex can properly
be within the ambit of the social group category, with women being a clear example of a social subset
defined by innate and immutable characteristics, and who are frequently treated differently to
men”.179 However, many countries remain sceptic for this statement as can be seen from the case law

178

In this study, being “too western” as freedom of expression means, for example, wearing clothing that is not
appropriate in the country of origin and not wearing a headscarf in countries where it is demanded from women
179
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: “Membership of a particular social group” within the context of
Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, UNHCR,
HCR/GIP/02/02, 7 May 2002, para. 12

41

where this dilemma has been handled.180 For instance, the Netherlands has provided a
counterargument regarding the UNHCR’s opinion on women constituting a particular social group
by providing the following argument:
Sex cannot be the sole ground to determine membership of a ‘particular social group’.
Women in general are too diverse a group to constitute a particular social group. In
order to establish membership of a particular social group one should be put in an
exceptional position compared to those whose situation is similar. In addition, the
persons should be targeted individually.181
In other words, according to the Netherlands, women cannot constitute a particular social group
because not all women are the same. Let us use an example: women who are doing well economically
in a particular society might not have a well-founded fear of being persecuted due to them being
women whereas women who are poor might have a greater risk of being persecuted due to their
gender and the fact that they suffer from poverty. This example is similar to the one where comparing
women who have a safety net with women who do not. In these examples women are being persecuted
due to their so-called weaknesses combined with their womanhood and not solely because they are
women. This is what countries having the same or similar opinion with the Netherlands can mean by
stating that women are too diverse a group to constitute just one group. Conclusively, this would in
practice mean that in some countries, such as the Netherlands, women with some particular
characteristics can be considered to form a particular social group. Also, for instance, in Canada, as
in the Netherlands and many other countries, women can constitute a particular social group only in
some circumstances. In fact, the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada has listed the following,
among others, as examples of women as a particular social group: women subject to domestic abuse,
women forced into marriages, women subject to circumcision, women without male protection and
abandoned children.182 What is important to remember is that every asylum claim and every particular
social group must be determined in the context of the asylum seeker’s country of origin. This means,
regarding the determination of membership of a particular social group, that a particular social group
in one country would be a particular social group in another country. For instance, as was mentioned
as an example from the Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada, women without male protection

180

The case law of different, randomly selected countries will be provided in the next subchapter, in order to
demonstrate this difference with the UNHCR.
181
Cambridge University Press, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the meaning of
‘membership of a particular social group’, by T. Alexander Aleinikoff, June 2003, p. 285
182
IRB, Chapter 4.5. Particular social group. For full list with references to case law, see the website.

42

are considered to constitute a particular social group for instance in Somalia, but it does not mean
that it would constitute a particular social group in every state.
Like Canada and the Netherlands, many other countries are among the same lines with regard to
women as a particular social group. In a study made in 2012 on gender-related asylum claims in
Europe, there are a few countries that have been selected in order to show and compare state practice
in different European countries regarding gender-based claims.183 It was stated in chapter three in this
thesis, that gender-based persecution can fall under other Convention grounds than just membership
in a particular social group, namely political opinion and religion. However, according to this study
or comparative research, “gender-based persecution is almost always considered under the
Convention ground of membership of a particular social group as defined in the Qualification
Directive”.184 Therefore, it has been argued that “[i]f only ‘membership of a particular social group’
is applied to cases where women risk gender-related persecution, it hinders the development of the
interpretation of the other persecution grounds and thereby limits the scope of the refugee
definition”.185 This chapter will, however, only concentrate on discussing women as a particular
social group, and therefore the other Convention grounds will not be discussed.
As an example of gender-based persecution directed against women, an immigration court in the
United States “issued a landmark decision” in 1996, when it was concluded that a woman who had
fled her country of origin in order to escape female genital mutilation, which is a form of genderbased violence, should be granted asylum.186 Still, asylum officers and immigration judges did not
agree on the fact that should violence directed against women (or men) by their intimate partners be
“qualified as a basis for asylum”, not until 2014. Until the year 2014, “[c]ourt decisions reflected a
belief that while gender-based violence could constitute persecution, violence by a partner remained
a personal and private issue and was not the responsibility of the state”. However, as we now know,
domestic violence can amount to persecution if the applicant’s state of origin is unable or unwilling

183

European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012
184
Ibid., pages 9 and 49. For the Qualification Directive definition on membership of a particular social group, see
subchapter 2.3.
185
Lund University, Faculty of Law, Amanda Hägglund: Gender-related persecution of refugee women, A feminist
analysis of the persecution grounds of the refugee definition, Graduate Thesis, 2015, page 86
186
Migration Policy Institute, Anja Parish, Gender-based violence against women: Both Cause for Migration and Risk
along the Journey, 7 September 2017

43

to provide protection against that violence. This was also the case in the United States in 2014, when
the BIA came to the conclusion “that a Guatemalan asylum seeker who had been beaten and raped
by her husband belonged to the social group, ‘married women in Guatemala who are unable to leave
their relationship’”.187 This case is an appropriate example on persecution that is directed against
women by private actors, and where the state is either unable or unwilling to provide protection
against that violence.
As has been stated, women constitute a particular social group in most states only when they possess
certain characteristics. This, however, is not the case in all countries. For instance, in Spain gender –
and sexual orientation – are listed as a ground or basis for asylum in addition to the Convention
grounds in the 1951 Refugee Convention.188 Thus, the interpretation of Article 7 in the law 12/2009
of 30 October, regulating the right of asylum and subsidiary protection, has led to the fact that women
are considered to form a particular social group.189 As in Spain, also in Sweden, gender is listed as
one of the grounds for refugee status.190 In fact, the Swedish Aliens Act places gender on the same
level with the concept of particular social group in its definition for refugee by stating that a refugee
is a person outside his or her country of origin and has “a well-founded fear of persecution on grounds
of race, nationality, religious or political belief, or on grounds of gender, sexual orientation or other
membership of a particular social group”.191 Sweden, however, does not properly analyse or identify
the concept of a particular social group in cases concerning gender-related asylum claims.192 This
will be demonstrated in subchapter 4.1.1, where case law from different countries, Sweden included,
will be provided. In the study from 2012 on gender-related asylum claims in Europe, a few countries
are introduced as countries that recognize that women can constitute a particular social group, either
in their legislations or in practice. These are Romania, Spain, Belgium, Sweden and the United

187

Migration Policy Institute, Anja Parish, Gender-based violence against women: Both Cause for Migration and Risk
along the Journey, 7 September 2017
188
Article 3 of the Law 12/2009 Of 30 October, Regulating The Right Of Asylum And Subsidiary Protection, Spain.
Original language title: Ley 12/2009, de 30 de octubre, reguladora del derecho de asilo y de la protección subsidiaria
189
European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 50
190
Ibid., page 50
191
Chapter 4, Section 1 of the Swedish Aliens Act 2005:716, 31 March 2006
192
European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 51

44

Kingdom.193 For instance, in the United Kingdom, the following have been found to form a particular
social group by the courts: women in Pakistan, women in the Ivory Coast, women in Somalia, women
in Afghanistan, and many more.194 As can be seen, solely being a woman in a certain society is enough
for an applicant to being recognized as a member of a particular social group. Also in some other
countries, there has been development with regard to women being recognized as a particular social
group, without any additional requirements. In Belgium, in early 2000 and onward, women would be
considered to form a particular social group in, for instance, the following instances: young women,
women who are victims of trafficking, divorced Iranian women and isolated women.195 However,
later on the Belgian Council for Aliens Law Litigation, made decisions with the outcome that women
without reference to age or country of origin. These cases were about women who had been subjected
to domestic violence.196 Even if in these cases domestic violence was a determinative factor, they
were granted refugee status because they were women. As has been concluded, women who are
subjected to domestic violence can in many countries be seen to form a particular social group. Here
the act of persecution is that domestic violence, and as it has been stated, the act of persecution cannot
be the factor that determines a particular social group but the group must exist before the act of
persecution takes place, and that the act of persecution must occur because the person belongs to that
certain group of people, that is, the nexus requirement. In this sense, one could argue that every
country that considers women subjected to domestic violence being a particular social group thinks
– or should think – that women themselves are the social group and domestic violence is just the act
of persecution. However, that might not be the whole picture, as it could be argued that domestic
violence amounts to persecution only in those countries where the authorities do not get involved in
cases or situations where the violence takes place between family members. In this sense, it could be
argued that domestic violence is not the act of persecution but rather, the way domestic violence is
executed is. In other words, if a man rapes her wife, the act of persecution is rape even if it is
considered domestic violence. Let us imagine a society where rape is punishable by law and the
perpetrator is in practice punished, but if the rape takes place at home, that is, between family
members, the perpetrator is not in practice punished. So, in this sense, not all women are being

193

European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, pages 51 and 52. Notice, however, that the study is limited to nine European
countries so this list is selected only amongst those nine countries.
194
Ibid., page 55
195
Ibid., page 52
196
Ibid., pages 52-53

45

persecuted but only those who live in a household where domestic violence appears. This goes well
in line with the statement from the authorities in Netherlands, where it was noted that women are not
all the same and are therefore too diverse a group to form one particular social group. This example
could be considered in that sense, that this group of women is being persecuted because they are
subjected to domestic violence and the state does not provide protection. One could perhaps even
argue that the act of persecution is in fact the inability or unwillingness of that state to take action
rather than domestic violence itself.
Let us go back to the study from 2012 on gender-related asylum claims in Europe. In this study, a
case study from Hungary was considered to be good practice with regard gender-based or genderrelated asylum claims. This particular case was about an Afghan woman who had originally come to
Hungary in order to “join her husband via the family reunification procedure”.197 However, the couple
divorced, for which the woman lost her right to her residence permit, and she sought asylum in
Hungary claiming that she would face persecution if she was to return to Afghanistan. The Hungarian
asylum authorities, namely the Office for Immigration and Nationality, recognized her “as a sur
place198 refugee […], as a ‘repudiated’ woman”.199 This claim could be considered as women
transgressing social mores of her society, and the UNHCR has stated that “[s]tates […] are free to
adopt the interpretation that women asylum-seekers who face harsh or inhuman treatment due to their
having transgressed the social mores of the society in which they live may be considered as a
‘particular social group’”.200 However, the Hungarian migration authorities do not reason positive
decisions, and therefore it is unclear, on which Convention ground the refugee status was granted in
this particular case.
Even if these countries, that have been presented, might have differing views on what can constitute
a particular social group, they still acknowledge that women, and therefore gender, can constitute a
particular social group at least in some circumstances. In many countries, solely being a woman is
not enough for that applicant to be able to claim she should be granted refugee status, but she must

197

European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 52
198
See page 5, footnote 15 of this thesis.
199
Ibid., page 52
200
Executive Committee of the High Commissioner’s Programme, Refugee Women and International Protection No. 39
(XXXVI) – 1985, 18 October 1985

46

have a special characteristic. For instance, in France “women fleeing a forced marriage”, “women
fleeing ‘honour’ crimes”, “women fleeing humiliating or degrading widowhood rites” and “women
who gave birth to albino children” have been recognized by case law as forms of particular social
groups.201 Regarding women fleeing forced marriages, the French authorities concluded that due to
the current situation in some areas, such as Pakistan and some rural areas of Eastern parts of Turkey,
women not agreeing to marry according to the wishes of the marriage arrangers, are seen to transgress
social mores in her society, and therefore are subjected to gender-based violence, such as honour
crimes, against which the state does not provide adequate protection. Due to these circumstances,
women fleeing forced marriages constitute a particular social group.202 According to the 2012 study
on gender-related asylum claims in Europe, another country of the nine selected countries, that does
not think gender alone is enough to constitute a particular social group, is Malta.203 The study provides
the following explanation:
In Malta, women who have suffered from gender-based violence (such as within the
domestic context), have been granted subsidiary protection only because their
persecution was seen in the context of generalised violence (e.g. Somali women). One
of the difficulties is that gender alone may not be enough for the applicability of the
particular social group, which means that international protection is not granted. Unless
the reasons for persecution include gender in addition to another ground, there is a
restrictive interpretation.204
So, in Malta, asylum seekers basing their claim on being members of a particular social group due to
their gender, would not be seen as members of a particular social group but they would also have to
base their claim on another Convention ground, such as political opinion or religion, in order to be
granted refugee status, or they would only be granted subsidiary protection if they “would face a real
risk of suffering serious harm”205. However, subsidiary protection is only to be “complementary and
additional to the refugee protection enshrined in the [1951 Refugee Convention]”.206 In other words,
if an applicant is a woman, and owing to a well-founded fear of being subjected to acts of persecution,
such as different forms of domestic violence, cannot return to her country of origin, she would in
some countries be granted refugee status whereas in others only subsidiary protection. However, if

201

European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 52
202
Ibid., page 52
203
Ibid., page 51
204
Ibid., page 46
205
European Union, Qualification Directive, 2011/95/EU, article 2(f)
206
European Union, Qualification Directive, 2011/95/EU, no. 33

47

she can argue that she is subjected to violence by a private or an official party because she has or is
believed to have a political opinion, she could be granted refugee status on a basis for her political
opinion even though in some countries she would be seen as a member of a particular social group.
An example of this could be opposing female genital mutilation. The UNHCR has provided guidance
concerning claims relating to female genital mutilation, and has stated the following when it comes
to women basing their claims on being members of a particular social group:
UNHCR defines a particular social group as “a group of persons who share a common
characteristic other than their risk of being persecuted, or who are perceived as a group
by society. The characteristic will often be one which is innate, unchangeable, or which
is otherwise fundamental to identity, conscience or the exercise of one’s human rights”.
Applicants in FGM-related claims will frequently meet either of these tests. Their
gender and age are both innate and cannot be changed at a given moment in time.
Moreover, their plea not to undergo physical alteration can be considered so integral to
their human dignity that it becomes fundamental to the exercise of their human rights.207
However, even if women fleeing their society’s traditional practice, female genital mutilation, can
constitute a particular social group according to both broad definitions, such as women of certain age
or young women, or just as women, and narrow definitions, such as “girls belonging to ethnic groups
that practice female genital mutilation”,208 women with same circumstances could also, according to
the UNHCR, base their claim on political opinion:
Women and girls opposing FGM may also be seen as facing persecution on account of
their political opinion. They may be viewed by local leaders and others who support the
practice as holding opinions that are critical of their policies, traditions and methods.
The notion that challenging prevailing gender roles may be political has received some
attention both in case law and academic commentary. UNHCR has for its part noted
that political opinion should be understood in the broad sense to encompass “any
opinion on any matter in which the machinery of State, government, society, or policy
may be engaged. This may include an opinion as to gender roles”.209
So, in these types of asylum claims, women would also in those countries, where they would not meet
the requirements of a particular social group base their claim also on having a certain political opinion.
The UNHCR continues to discuss female genital mutilation by stating that claims based on a woman’s
or a girl’s fear of being circumcised “may also be analysed within the Convention ground of religion”,
as female genital mutilation can be a part of some religion as well 210. However, this can be seen as

207

UNHCR, Guidance Note on Refugee Claims relating to Female Genital Mutilation, May 2009, para. 23
Ibid., para. 24
209
Ibid., para. 25
210
Ibid., para 27
208

48

problematic in that sense that the different Convention grounds should not exclude one another. In
these types of situations, if a woman is granted refugee status and the decision is reasoned, one could
argue that all of these grounds should be presented in the reasoning.

4.2 National case law in relation to women constituting a particular social group
In order to better understand women as members of a particular social group, some already existing
national case law from different countries will be provided. The provided national case law will also
function as base for comparison, when discussing whether women who transgress the social norms
of their own society, should be seen as members of a particular social group or not.

4.2.1 Pakistani women subjected to domestic violence with no possibility to state protection (1999)
Islam v Secretary of State for the Home Department, R v Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another,
ex parte Shah (Conjoined Appeals)211 (hereafter the case of Islam and Shah), is a decision made in
the United Kingdom by the House of Lords. The case Islam and Shah concerns two Pakistani women
who were subjected to domestic violence by their husbands and forced to leave their homes. Both of
the women arrived in the United Kingdom and applied for asylum in the early 1990’s. First, some
background information about how these cases were handled, will be presented.
In the Shah case, the appellant was a 43-year-old woman whose husband forced her to leave their
home. She based her claim on being afraid of her husband to “accuse her of adultery” and that her
husband “may assault her or denounce her under Sharia law for the offence of sexual immorality”.212
Her claim was rejected and therefore she appealed to the special adjudicator. As a result of the appeal,
her fear of being persecuted if she was to return to Pakistan was well-founded on 25th of July 1995.
However, the special adjudicator still did not see her as a member of a particular social group. The
appellant received a decision of a refused leave to appeal on 7th August 1995 by the Immigration
Appeal Tribunal. After this, she “sought for judicial review of the refusal leave”, and the Secretary
of State was of the opinion that she should have been granted the appeal leave.213

211

Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex
Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999
212
Ibid., p. 3
213
Ibid., p. 3

49

In the Islam case, the appellant was a 45-year-old woman with two children.214 Her husband was
violent towards her for which she left their home and after spending a while at her brother’s house,
she arrived in the United Kingdom. Her claim differed a bit from the claim that Shah presented215 and
therefore she applied asylum because she had a well-founded fear of being persecuted “for reasons
of (1) membership of a particular social group and (2) political opinion”. Her claim was first rejected
after which she appealed to the special adjudicator. In a decision made in 7th of December 1995, the
special adjudicator “found that the appellant had been persecuted in Pakistan”, and “that the
authorities in Pakistan are both unable and unwilling to protect the appellant”. However, the special
adjudicator did not find the appellant to be a member of a particular social group due to the fact that
“the group could not exist independently of the feared persecution”. The Immigration Appeal
Tribunal also dismissed the appeal made by the appellant on 2nd of October in 1996. It found in its
decision the following: “the appellant cannot be said to belong to a particular social group because
the ‘sub-group does not . . . have any innate or unchangeable characteristic, nor is it a cohesive
homogeneous group whose members are in close voluntary association.’”216
Both of the appellants took their case to the Court of Appeal where their cases were brought together.
The issue that the Court of Appeal took into consideration was the question whether these two
Pakistani women could be seen as being members of a particular social group as it is meant in the
1951 Refugee Convention article 1A(2). In the case of Islam and Shah, Lord Steyn concluded that
the three members of the Court of Appeal took the following opinions regarding the matter:
Waite L.J. based his decision on the ground that independently of the feared persecution
there was no common uniting attribute which could entitle the appellants to the status
of "membership of a particular social group" under article 1A(2)[…]. Staughton L.J.
went further. He held that that what is required is a number of people "joined together
with some degree of cohesiveness, co-operation and interdependence"[…]. And this
requirement was not satisfied. Henry L.J. agreed with the ground on which Waite L.J.
decided the matter. It is not clear whether there was a second ground for his decision.
Henry L.J. agreed with Waite L.J. that "cohesion" was not "not necessary in every
case"[…]. Henry L.J. added that "it is not necessary where the particular social group

214

Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex
Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999, p.3
215
For a more thorough description of the case, see for instance Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home
Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United
Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999. This thesis will not discuss the political or perceived
political opinion but will only concentrate on the facts about the membership in a particular social group.
216
Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex
Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999, p. 3-4

50

is recognised as such by the public, though is not organized . . ." It would seem that
Henry L.J. contemplated that cohesiveness is sometimes a requirement.217
As can be seen from the citation above, the three members of the Court of Appeal come to conclusion,
that some sort of cohesiveness was required in order for a person to be held as a member of a particular
social group. The Court of Appeal found that the appellants in this particular case did not fulfil this
requirement and therefore they could not be held as members of a particular social group. In the
House of the Lords decision, Lord Steyn named the first problem as whether cohesiveness is a
requirement for a group to be held as a particular social group within the meaning of the 1951 Refugee
Convention article 1A(2).218 After discussing case law from different countries regarding this issue,
Lord Steyn comes to the conclusion that “[c]ohesiveness may prove the existence of a particular
social group. But the meaning of "particular social group" should not be so limited: the phrase extends
to what is fairly and contextually inherent in that phrase”.219 As the second issue, he addresses “the
different theories of ‘particular social group’”. In this case, two different options as what might
constitute a particular social group are discussed, namely “Women in Pakistan” and the “narrower
group”. The narrower group would come to existence through these two appellants first, being women
(gender), second, “suspicion of adultery”, and third, “their unprotected position in Pakistan”. 220 While
discussing the narrower group, Lord Steyn reasoned against the Court of Appeal and the counsel for
the Secretary of State who came to the conclusion that the argument for the narrower group “falls
foul of the principle that the group must exist independently of the persecution”. Lord Steyn claimed
that these three elements that defines the narrower group “do not involve an assertion of persecution”.
He used the following reasoning to back up his point of view:
The cases under consideration can be compared with a more narrowly defined group of
homosexuals, namely practising homosexuals who are unprotected by a state.
Conceptually such a group does not in a relevant sense depend for its existence on
persecution. The principle that the group must exist independently of the persecution
has an important role to play. But counsel for the Secretary of State is giving it a reach
which neither logic nor good sense demands.221
Thus, in the case of Islam and Shah, Lord Steyn brought forth the explanation by McHugh J. in A v.
Minister for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs, that is similar to the one that the UNHCR has used in

217

Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex
Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999, p. 4
218
Ibid., p. 6
219
Ibid., p. 9
220
Ibid., p. 9-10
221
Ibid., p. 10

51

its guidelines. This explanation uses the example of left-handed people who, for the time being, are
not being persecuted and therefore they are not considered to form a particular group today. However,
if left-handed people were to be persecuted due to their characteristic of being left-handed, they would
soon become a particular social group.222 This example simplifies the issue of the principle that the
group must be existing independently, without any persecutory acts.
Lord Steyn finally came to the conclusion that both of the appellants’ appeals should be allowed.
Lord Hoffmann, Lord Hope of Craighead and Lord Hutton also were of the opinion that the appeals
should be allowed.223 One of the Lords, however, were of different opinion. Lord Millett argued
among other things with the following statement:
The group cannot, therefore, consist of the victims of persecution who share no other
common characteristic. Nor in my opinion can it consist of victims of persecution who
do share a common characteristic if that is not the reason for their persecution. Noncausative characteristics are irrelevant. Battered wives do not form a social group
because, if the group is limited to battered wives, it is defined by the persecution, while
if it is extended to include all married women, those who are battered are not persecuted
because they are members of the group.224
The case of Islam and Shah was the first decision that the highest court in the United Kingdom
“recognised gender as a protected characteristic and women as a particular social group”225.

4.2.2 Married Guatemalan women unable to leave their relationships (2005)
The Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents (hereafter the Matter of A-R-C-G-) handled a case of
women seeking asylum for the reasons of being members of a particular social group called “married

222

See page 10 of this thesis for the example of the UNHCR. For the explanation of McHugh J., see either A v. Minister
for Immigration and Ethnic Affairs or Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration
Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial
Committee), 25 March 1999, p. 10.
223
As this case is only supposed to function as one example in this thesis, not all of the arguments of the different Lords
are explained. In order to see full reasoning by all of the Lords, see Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home
Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United
Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999.
224
Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and Another, Ex
Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial Committee), 25 March 1999, p. 26
225
Honkala, N. (2018) Islam v Secretary of State for the Home Department, R v Immigration Appeal Tribunal and
Another, ex parte Shah (1999). In: Rackley, E. and Auchmuty, R. (eds.) Women's Legal Landmarks: Celebrating the
history of women and law in the UK and Ireland, p. 1

52

women in Guatemala who are unable to leave their relationship”.226 The respondents were a mother
with three minor children who are natives and citizens of Guatemala. They arrived the United States
on 25th of December 2005. The main respondent’s, that is, the mother’s story about how her husband
had continuously used violence against her, was found credible. The main respondent had contacted
the police on many occasions but the police did not interfere due to the fact that the abuse occurred
between husband and wife. Once, the police did come to their house but the abuser was not arrested,
after which he threatened the main respondent that he would kill her if she ever contacted the police
again. Also, “[t]he respondent repeatedly tried to leave the relationship by staying with her father, but
her husband found her and threatened to kill her if she did not return to him”. She tried to leave her
husband again but without success. Finally, in December 2005 she left Guatemala and sought for
asylum in the United States. She feared that her husband would harm her if she was to return to
Guatemala. The Immigration Judge, however, “found that the respondent did not demonstrate that
she had suffered past persecution or has a well-founded fear of future persecution on account of a
particular social group comprised of ‘married women in Guatemala who are unable to leave their
relationship’”.227
This particular case discusses the issue of victims of domestic violence and membership of a
particular social group. The Board of Immigration Appeals had previously discussed this issue in the
Matter of R-A-,228 where stated that “that the respondent in that case was eligible for asylum on
account of her membership in a particular social group consisting of ‘Guatemalan women who have
been involved intimately with Guatemalan male companions, who believe that women are to live
under male domination.’”229 The Board of Immigration Appeals continues to discuss the concept of
a particular social group by stating the three pillars, or requirements, that must be met in order for a
particular social group to exist:
[…] an applicant seeking asylum based on his or her membership in a “particular social
group” must establish that the group is (1) composed of members who share a common

226

Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents, 26 I&N Dec. 388, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive Office for
Immigration Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided August 26, 2014.
227
Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents, 26 I&N Dec. 388, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive Office for
Immigration Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided August 26, 2014, p. 389
228
Full case name: Matter of R-A-, 24 I&N Dec. 629, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive Office for Immigration
Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided December 4, 2008.
229
Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents, 26 I&N Dec. 388, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive Office for
Immigration Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided August 26, 2014, p. 389

53

immutable characteristic, (2) defined with particularity, and (3) socially distinct within
the society in question.230
Concerning the abovementioned first pillar, they continue by stating that in the Matter of A-R-C-G-,
there is a group that has gender as a common immutable characteristic. Thus, “marital status can be
an immutable characteristic where the individual is unable to leave the relationship.”. With regard to
the second pillar, the Board argues “that the group is defined with particularity” as the group is
described by the terms “married”, “women” and “unable to leave the relationship”. According to
information and the respondent’s story about the interaction with the police, these terms are accepted
as particular in the Guatemalan society. The third pillar requires the distinctiveness in that particular
society. The Board of Immigration Appeals highlights the fact that in order for this requirement to be
met “a group need not to be seen by society; rather it must be perceived as a group by society”.231 A
good example of this is sexual minorities, which is commonly seen as constituting a particular social
group. The Board of Immigration Appeals states in the Matter of A-R-C-G- that there is evidence on
the fact that Guatemalan society does make a distinction when it comes to married women in
relationship that she is unable to leave. The evidence can include for instance whether a particular
country recognizes that there is a need for protection for people who suffer from domestic abuse,
“including whether the country has criminal laws designed to protect domestic abuse victims, whether
those laws are effectively enforced, and other sociopolitical factors”. The Board reasons the existence
of this type of evidence with the following statement in the Matter of A-R-C-G-:
Supporting the existence of social distinction, […] the record in this case includes
unrebutted evidence that Guatemala has a culture of “machismo and family violence.”
[…] Sexual offenses, including spousal rape, remain a serious problem. […] Further,
although the record reflects that Guatemala has laws in place to prosecute domestic
violence crimes, enforcement can be problematic because the National Civilian Police
“often failed to respond to requests for assistance related to domestic violence.”232
The Board of Immigration Appeals concludes with regard to domestic violence the following:
the issue of social distinction will depend on the facts and evidence in each individual
case, including documented country conditions; law enforcement statistics and expert

230

Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents, 26 I&N Dec. 388, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive Office for
Immigration Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided August 26, 2014, p. 392
231
Ibid., p. 393
232
Ibid., p. 394

54

witnesses, if proffered; the respondent’s past experiences; and other reliable and
credible sources of information.233
In this case, in order for the nexus requirement to be fulfilled, the respondent had to demonstrate,
with regard to past persecution, that Guatemalan government was either unable or unwilling to
protect the individual from this non-state actor, that is the respondent’s husband. If she is able to
demonstrate this, the burden of proof shifts to the country where she sought asylum from, in this case
the immigration authorities of the United States.234
As can be seen from the given explanations above, this case demonstrates well the fact that genderbased persecution often is practiced by non-state actors. The persecution in this case is existing only
because the state is not able or willing to provide protection against this type of persecution. In this
sense, it is important to observe both the legislation of a particular country as well as how the
legislation is interpreted in that said society. Due to the fact that in Guatemala the authorities are not
able or willing to provide protection against violence that takes place in private households between
the spouses, persecution does indeed exist. Due to the fact that the applicant was found to fall under
the Convention ground “a member of a particular social group”, she was granted asylum in the United
States235.

4.2.3 Kurdish women in Turkey transgressing social mores by divorcing their husbands (2008)
In a case from New Zealand, a 40-year-old citizen of Turkey arrived in New Zealand in the beginning
of the year of 2000. Her first application for refugee status did not succeed and she applied asylum
again because she feared being killed for honour if she returned to her country of origin, that is,
Turkey.236 In this said case, the applicant was granted asylum for reasons of her political opinion, and
therefore her membership of a particular social group was not discussed in depth.237 This particular
case handled the matter of an Alevi Kurd from a family, where women, especially daughters, took
care of the household and working for the family’s farm. Due to this, the appellant had to drop out

233

Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents, 26 I&N Dec. 388, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive Office for
Immigration Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided August 26, 2014, p. 394
234
Ibid., p. 395
235
Migration Policy Institute, Anja Parish, Gender-based violence against women: Both Cause for Migration and Risk
along the Journey, 7 September 2017
236
Refugee Appeal No. 76044, No. 76044, New Zealand: Refugee Status Appeals Authority, 11 September 2008
237
Ibid., paragraph 91

55

from school. The father was in charge in the family and the appellant, her sisters and her mother faced
violent behaviour by him. The appellant as well as her sister did not have the permission to talk to
any male persons who were not family. The appellant was forced to marry against her will and when
she did not want to stay there, her father threatened to kill her. 238 As was mentioned above, the
appellant’s first claim did not succeed together with her husband. When she applied asylum for the
second time, she was still living with her husband but their claims were later on separated due to a
violent situation before Christmas in 2006, where the appellants husband tried to kill the appellant
and the appellant’s husband left New Zealand in the beginning of 2007.239 After these events, the
appellant claimed that “should she return to Turkey, she would be killed by her husband or his family
or by the appellant’s own family” and she told that since June 2007 her own family had threatened to
kill her after her husband had contacted them and told them about the separation. The motive for this
was that her family was ashamed of her.240 Her fear was being well-founded for reasons of her
political opinion.241 The Refugee Status Appeal Authority came to this conclusion with the following
statement:
In the specific context we are satisfied that the appellant’s assertion of her right to life
and of her right to control her life was a challenge to the collective morality, values,
behaviours and codes of the two families and beyond them, of the greater “community”
of which they are a part. This challenge to inequality and the structures of power which
support it is plainly “political” as that term is used in the Refugee Convention. The
appellant’s wish to be liberated from those structures is in this context a political
opinion. It is for holding that opinion that she is at risk. Applying the causation standard
discussed earlier, the appellant has established that she is at risk of being persecuted
“for reasons of” political opinion.242
Due to the fact that the Refugee Status Appeal Authority come to the conclusion that the political
opinion was established in this case, it concluded that it is not necessary to discuss membership of a
particular social group in depth. However, it briefly presented why the claim would have succeeded
with this ground as well. The Refugee Status Appeal Authority was of the following opinion, based
on the country of origin information from Turkey:
Without re-sifting the country information earlier set out in this decision, we find that

238

Refugee Appeal No. 76044, No. 76044, New Zealand: Refugee Status Appeals Authority, 11 September 2008,
paragraphs 3-5
239
Ibid., paragraph 15
240
Ibid., paragraph 17 and 26
241
Ibid., paragraph 59 and 90
242
Ibid., paragraph 90

56

on the facts the appellant has established that she is a member of a particular social
group, namely women in Turkey. It is because she is a member of that group that she is
at risk of harm from non-state agents (her husband, his family and her own family) and
the reason why effective state protection is not available to her. […]243
This case van be seen as to some amount different from the other cases, as the authorities in New
Zealand were of the opinion that the Convention ground “political opinion” was demonstrated by the
appellant. However, this thesis will not discuss in depth this Convention ground and therefore the
ground and the reasoning for “choosing” this ground before membership of a particular social group
will not be discussed further. This case handled one type of transgression of social mores of the
applicant’s society. In chapter five, transgression of social mores by being “too western” will be
discussed. One could, however, already argue that transgression of social mores might bring
dishonour to the applicant’s family or relatives et cetera, and therefore she might face gender-based
acts of persecution, such as being killed for honour, inflicted by her own family.

4.2.4 Kurds in the Kurdistan Regional Government Area of Iraq opposing their families wishes
regarding marriages (2011)
In Sweden, the Migration Court of Appeal (Migrationsöverdomstolen) gave a differing decision
relating to honour crimes, when comparing to the one from New Zealand.244 The case was not in
detail similar, but it did have some similarities. The case from Sweden concerned a couple from the
Kurdistan Regional Government Area of Iraq. They were both Kurds. The man is referred as asylum
seeker A and the woman as asylum seeker B. They applied asylum in Sweden in 2009, claiming that
they have a well-founded fear of being killed by asylum seeker B’s father and family or extended
family. The motive for this was that asylum seeker B’s family wanted asylum seeker B to marry her
cousin but she did not want to because she had an extramarital relationship with asylum seeker A. In
other words, the asylum seekers claimed that they were in a risk to become victims of honour-killings
if they were to return to Iraq.

243

Refugee Appeal No. 76044, No. 76044, New Zealand: Refugee Status Appeals Authority, 11 September 2008,
paragraph 94
244
MIG 2011:6, Migrationsöverdomstolen, 3 Septermber 2011 (in Swedish)

57

The Swedish Migration Agency did not hold the asylum seekers’ stories credible245, and also came
to the conclusion that the asylum seekers did not sufficiently demonstrate that the state authorities
were unable or unwilling to provide protection for them against a threat from non-state actors. The
asylum seekers A and B appealed to the Administrative Court, and the majority of the Court’s
members found that the asylum seekers were in need of subsidiary protection because their fear for
becoming victims of honour-killings was well-founded. The Swedish Migration Agency appealed to
the Migration Court of Appeal which provides country of origin information in its decision. The Court
concludes that women can be seen as being members of a particular social group if she can
demonstrate that she is in risk of being killed with the motive of honour of the family and she cannot
rely on state protection and intern flight is not an option. The Court notes, however, that women
usually have sufficient amount of protection available in order for them to be safe and therefore in
majority of the cases there is no need for them to be granted refugee status or humanitarian protection.
The Court also discusses honour-killings when it comes to men but does not come to the same
conclusion as with women. The Court concludes that according to country of origin information, men
can also be victims of honour-crimes but there is not much information available due to its sensitive
character. The Court notes that unlike women, men do not have the same opportunity to be protected
against honour-killings. The Court finds, that the appellants have a well-founded fear of being killed
by asylum seeker B’s family with the motive of honour, but according to the Court, this act of
persecution is not for reasons of one of the grounds listed in the 1951 Refugee Convention. They are
therefore granted subsidiary protection instead of refugee status.246
The Migration Court of Appeal does not in its decision reason any further why the two asylum seekers
are not granted refugee status but only subsidiary protection. However, one could argue that it can be
read in between the lines, that the couple were granted subsidiary protection because the male asylum
seeker was in need of protection outside his country of origin, and that men who fear honour-killings
for having extramarital relationships do not constitute a particular social group. In this sense, gender
does play a significant role when determining whether an asylum seeker fearing honour-crimes due
to having extramarital relationships and for that brings dishonour to the family, can fall under the
ground membership in a particular social group.

245

For more detailed reasoning, see the case summary in decision MIG 2011:6 by the Migration Court of Appeal in
Sweden (Migrationsöverdomstolen), 3 Septermber 2011 (in Swedish)
246
MIG 2011:6, Migrationsöverdomstolen, 3 Septermber 2011 (in Swedish)

58

As was stated in chapter three, the perpetrators of gender-based persecution are usually non-state
actors. Therefore, in cases where gender-based violence is the form of persecution, the question is
whether the authorities of the applicant’s state of origin are able or willing to provide protection for
that individual or not. This was also the case in all of the cases that were presented above. The next
chapter will discuss the issue of women being “too western” in relation to falling under the
Convention ground membership in a particular social group.

59

5. Women transgressing social mores by being “too western” – a particular social group?
This final chapter will discuss the issue, whether women who transgress social mores247 by being
“too western”, primary in terms of clothing, can fall under the Convention ground membership of a
particular social group. In this study, it is considered that the imaginary applicants who claim that
they belong to a particular social group, have sufficiently demonstrated that they would indeed
become victims of gender-based acts of persecution if they were to return to their country of origin.
Also, in this study, it is considered that these applicants have demonstrated that their fear is for reasons
of them being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing. In other words, the causal link between
the act of persecution and the possible particular social group is demonstrated. Hence, this chapter
will only focus on the issue, whether this above-mentioned group fulfils the requirements for being
considered a particular social group in the meaning of the 1951 Refugee Convention.
In order for applicants basing their claim on belonging to this type of group to be considered members
of a particular social group, the two different approaches, according to majority of the states, must be
fulfilled. These approaches are the protected characteristics approach and the social perception
approach, which were discussed in chapter two. To begin the discussion, we will first take a closer
look at the social perception approach relating to this matter and thereafter discuss the protected
characteristics approach.
The social perception approach is highly dependable on the country of origin information and the
society’s in question tradition, legislation and interpretation of this legislation. It is important to draw
attention to this type of country of origin information as was seen in the previous sub-chapter where
national case law from different states parties to the 1951 Refugee Convention was presented. It was
stated, that usually state actors are not the instances who practice the acts of persecution but they are
unable or unwilling to provide protection against these types of actions and therefore it is seen as
persecution. As was mentioned, in this chapter it is held that the applicants have a well-founded fear
of being targeted with acts of persecution of this type and therefore it is assumed in this study, that

247

In an article called “Mores (Strongest Social Norms): Meaning and Characteristics”, mores are described as
following: “Mores are the strongest of the social norms, which relate to the basic moral judgments of a society. They
tell us to do certain things, such as pay proper respect to our parents and teachers. They can also tell us not to do certain
things, such as not to kill other human beings or do not indulge into adultery or homosexuality. They are considered
more important than folkways or customs, and reactions to their violations are more serious. They are more closely
associated with values a society consider important.” Citation: Mores (Strongest Social Norms): Meaning and
Characteristics, Article shared by Puja Mondal, undated.

60

the country of origin information supports the presumption that the society in question is strict in this
sense. Let us use as an example Iran, where all women are required to wear the hijab in public and it
is also a Muslim tradition that women wear loose-fitting clothes. If a woman in Iran did not wear her
hijab when going outside, she would definitely be distinct from other women248. Therefore, in these
types of societies the social perception approach is met, concerning women who are “too western”
when comparing to the norm in terms of clothing.
Therefore, the issue while discussing this matter is whether these women transgressing social mores
of a certain society by being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing, have an immutable
characteristic or not. In other words, does these women fulfil the requirement of the protected
characteristics approach. As has been stated before in this study, the UNHCR is of the point of view
that solely gender can form a particular social group. However, not every state is willing to accept
this statement and it has been argued against the UNHCR’s point of view that women are too diverse
a group in order to be seen as one particular social group. The UNHCR has therefore also discussed
different types of factors that could lead to women with certain features to be considered as members
of a particular social group. One of these is women transgressing social mores of a particular society.
The Executive Committee of the High Commissioner’s programme has stated the following in 1985
in its 36th session:
[…] States, in the exercise of their sovereignty, are free to adopt the interpretation that
women asylum-seekers who face harsh or inhuman treatment due to their having
transgressed the social mores of the society in which they live may be considered as a
“particular social group” within the meaning of Article 1 A(2) of the 1951 United
Nations Refugee Convention.249
However, there are different ways that women can transgress social mores of the society they come
from. Some acts may have been done in a way that there is no way of going back and then there are
ways that can be changed back to the way that the society requires. An action that is final and cannot
be changed could be, for instance, having children outside of wedlock or having an extramarital
relationship. These are something that cannot be changed, as the transgression of mores of that

248

As was stated previously in this study, it is not necessary to be visibly different from others to be considered as
different from the norm. It is enough that the society perceives the person as distinct. An example of this was sexual
minorities.
249
Executive Committee of the Nigh Commissioner’s Programme, Refugee Women and International Protection No. 39
(XXXVI) – 1985, 18 October 1985, No. 39 (XXXVI)

61

particular society has already happened in the past. For instance, in Hungary this type of case was
decided as following:
An Azerbaijani and a Syrian woman alleged that during their stay outside of their
countries of origin, they gave birth to babies from extramarital sexual relations. They
can no longer return to their home countries because their families and the whole society
would no longer accept them. They feared being subjected to ‘honour’ killings because
of transgressing the rules of Islam. In the cases of these two women, the OIN considered
that there is no State protection since the local authorities refuse to interfere in such
cases. The OIN found that the situation of women, who breached the rules of Sharia, is
so severe – because of their isolation in society and the fact that they can be subjected
to ‘honour’ killings – that it can amount to persecution. Therefore, the OIN recognised
both women as refugees.250
Then there are those types of actions that could be changed back to comply with the norms of the
society. Let us use an example; a woman being or becoming so western during her asylum process in
a western country that she refuses to wear her headscarf and dresses in a western way. This type of
asylum claim is called a sur place claim, that is, the claim did not exist while the person was living
in his or her country of origin and it was not the reason why he or she left the country, but it came
into existence later on.
So, the question lies as following: is being “too western” and choosing clothing that does not fit in to
the expectations and social norms of a particular society so fundamental to human dignity that it
should be protected and the individual should not be compelled to forsake it? It was previously stated
while discussing the Matter of Acosta, that one’s profession is not so fundamental to human dignity
that it should be protected. In other words, it does not meet the requirements of the protected
characteristics approach. Is wearing clothing of one’s own choosing comparable to profession or
occupation, or not? If it was concluded that being “too western” is comparable to profession or
occupation, one could draw a conclusion that this type of action is not something that should be
protected and therefore it does not violate one’s fundamental human rights if it is stated in a decision
that the person can start wearing clothes that fit into the society’s norms.

250

European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, p. 48

62

However, it could also be argued that being “too western” and therefore, for instance, choosing not
to wear the hijab and also in other ways clothing in a manner that is considered un-Islamic, is a way
of expressing oneself. The UN Universal Declaration of Human Rights provides in article 19 the
following fundamental right to people:
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes
freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart
information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.251
In these types of situations, it is justified to argue that asylum seekers basing their claim on
transgressing social mores of their society by being “too western”, should be able to demonstrate the
reason, why it is so fundamental to them that it would be recognized as an immutable characteristic.
In other words, it is a question of identity, and whether the reasons are credible or not.
In Finland, the Supreme Administrative Court has given a decision on this type of matter. The case
concerned a claim by an Iraqi woman, who was Sunni Muslim and unmarried.252 She sought for
asylum in Finland, because her ways of life, attitudes and way of thinking were distinct from
conservative Islamic norms or otherwise traditional customs set for women in her area of residence,
Baghdad, and also elsewhere in Iraq. The Court concludes that the applicant’s way of dressing herself
or appearance in general did not comply with the way of dressing of traditional appearance for women
in Iraq. The applicant had in her interview credibly demonstrated that she had received different types
of threats from a well-known Shi’a militia. The Finnish Immigration Service had concluded that the
applicant could avoid this threat by forsaking her way of clothing. The Supreme Administrative
Court, however, came to a different conclusion. It stated that when considering the up-to-date country
of origin information, in Baghdad and also elsewhere in Iraq, if women are distinct from the
conservative Islamic norms or other traditional customs, it can lead to the need for international
protection. The Court stated that only wearing clothes that do not fit into the Islamic norm is not by
itself enough to establish a need for international protection. In this decision, the Court, however,
came to the conclusion, that the applicant had succeeded, in a credible way, to tell about her identity,
and due to that reason, the Court held that the applicant had a belief or conviction253 and view of life,
which was distinct from the norm of the society, and which had developed into a crucial part of the

251

United Nations, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Adopted by the UN General Assembly on 10 December
1948, article 19
252
KHO 30.8.2018/3954, The Supreme Administrative Court (in Finnish)
253
Compare with religion or political opinion.

63

applicant’s identity and therefore she should not be compelled to forsake it. The Court stated that the
applicant could fall under three different grounds for refugee status, depending on the situation, either
separately or cumulatively. These three different grounds are religion, membership of a particular
social group or political opinion.254
As the Court stated, the Convention ground depends on the situation. It is therefore important to keep
in mind that every case is different and every matter shall be handled on a case-by-case basis. As was
presented on chapter 4.1, female genital mutilation can be analysed under three different Convention
grounds for refugee status, that is, religion, political opinion and particular social group. The same
applies for women transgressing social or religious norms255, and this can also be seen in the reasoning
of the Supreme Administrative Court in Finland. However, this type of reasoning does not always
become fulfilled when discussing matters concerning gender. For instance, one research concerning
asylum cases in Europe has stated the following:
[…] gender-based persecution is predominantly interpreted within the parameters of the
[particular social group] ground in all of the countries considered. In all the countries
in this comparative analysis, the Convention ground of particular social group is
disproportionally used in gender-related cases compared to the other Convention
grounds. When a person is considered to have a well founded fear of gender-based
violence or punishment by the State or a non-State actor due to transgression of
gendered social norms of law, [particular social group] is almost exclusively the
Convention ground applied, although the [particular social group] is often neither
properly analysed nor defined.256
As can be seen, the problem might not be that women were not granted asylum but that the ground
for the asylum might not be fully and carefully analysed. However, as was explained in the case from
New Zealand, when one of the grounds is fulfilled, there is no need to analyse all the other grounds.
The question then remains: is it important to analyse all the grounds or not, if one of the grounds is
fulfilled? This, however, is not the purpose of this study and therefore it will not be discussed further.

254

KHO 30.8.2018/3954, The Supreme Administrative Court (in Finnish)
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of Article 1A(2) of
the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, HCR/GIP/02/01, 7 May 2002, para. 23
256
European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’ Rights and
Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis of law, policies and practice
focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium, Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and
the United Kingdom, November 2012, page 45
255

64

6. Conclusion
Membership in a particular social group as a ground for refugee status does not have any closed list
of particular social groups and it does not have any clear definition. The UNHCR has published
guidelines concerning particular social groups for states and other relevant actors. As particular social
group does not have a closed list or clear definition, it is still being developed through new case law.
States have different opinions on what constitutes a particular social group with each other and the
UNHCR. It is important to notice that according to the UNHCR only one of the two approaches
(protected characteristics and social perception) must be met, as for instance the EU, the United States
and Canada require that both of these approaches are met in order for an applicant to fall under the
ground membership in a particular social group. In other words, the UNHCR implements a noncumulative interpretation whereas many states parties to the 1951 Refugee Convention implement
the cumulative interpretation of the two approaches. Thus, even if there is an established particular
social group, it does not automatically mean that they are granted international protection. They have
the obligation to demonstrate that they have a well-founded fear of being persecuted due to their
membership in a particular social group, or some other ground listed in the 1951 Refugee Convention.
In the next chapter, gender-based or gender-related violence as well as gender-related persecution
will be discussed in order to move forward to discussing women as refugees by basing their claim on
membership in a particular social group.
Gender-based or gender-related violence is something that is directed against a person due to his or
her gender. Gender-based violence can also be violence that affects an individual’s gender
disproportionality. It is important to notice that the terms gender and sex differ from each other, as
gender refers to the social characteristics for men and women, and sex refers to the biological
characteristics of men and women. Women and girls are considered more vulnerable than men in
particular societies and therefore they are also more vulnerable to gender-based violence. This more
disadvantaged or vulnerable position of women and girls is, in particular, visible during the times of
armed conflicts when for instance sexual violence as a form of gender-based violence is used as a
method of warfare. Other types or forms of gender-based violence include, for instance, forced and
early marriages, female genital mutilation and domestic violence. Gender-based violence is, in fact,
a type of violence that can take various forms, that is, physical, sexual and psychological or emotional.
Harmful traditional practices and socio-economic violence are also included in gender-based
violence.

65

Central international instruments regarding gender-based or gender-related violence are the CEDAW
and its General Recommendations as well as the CEDAW Declaration following with the Vienna
Declaration Programme of Action and Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action. However, only
the CEDAW is binding for its states parties whereas General Recommendations and Declarations are
soft law, and therefore states are not bound by them. In Europe, the Istanbul Convention is a
fundamental regional instrument in fighting violence against women.
There is no ground called gender in the 1951 Refugee Convention but the UNHCR has argued that
this is not necessary. The UNHCR has indicated that if the definition of a refugee is interpreted
properly, it will in practice include claims based on gender as well. In order for an asylum claim to
be adequate, the applicant must establish that he or she has a well-founded fear of being persecuted
for reasons of race, nationality, religion, membership of a particular social group or political opinion.
All of these can have a gender-aspect of some kind. Persecution for reasons of race and nationality
can take gender-related forms, such as sexual violence, and persecution for reasons of religion,
political opinion and membership in a particular social group can be directed against a person due to
his or her gender, for instance, if a woman breaches the norms she is assigned by her religious
community and is therefore punished. Perpetrators of gender-based persecution are often privet actors
rather than state actors, but it amounts to persecution if the states are not able or willing to provide
protection against it. This was demonstrated through the provided national case law.
The UNHCR is of the opinion that women can constitute a particular social group solely due to their
gender, if they can demonstrate that they are persecuted for the reasons of their gender, whereas many
states have differing opinions with the UNHCR on this matter. For instance, it has been argued that
women are too diverse a group for constituting only one particular social group. Some states,
therefore, require some specific characteristics from women in order for them to establish a particular
social group, such as women transgressing social mores of their societies. In other words, women are
not targeted with persecution solely because of their gender, but because of their gender, and that they
act in a manner that is not seen as appropriate for them, such as having extramarital relationships,
divorcing their husbands without their families’ consent, giving birth to babies outside of wedlock,
et cetera.
The question of this study was to find an answer, whether women who are “too western”, primary in
terms of clothing, can be seen as members of a particular social group, or not. It was stated that this
66

type of group does meet the required social perception approach. Therefore, the question remained,
if this group also fulfilled the protected characteristics approach.
As a result of the discussion in this study, it safe to say that every case is different, and therefore
every application for asylum must be handled on a case-by-case basis. Depending on the nature of
the concept, being “too western”, primary in terms of clothing, the applicant could be seen as a
member of a particular social group within the meaning of the 1951 Refugee Convention if she has a
well-founded fear of being persecuted for that reason. In order to be seen as a member of a particular
social group due to these characteristics, the applicant must be able to demonstrate that it is a crucial
or fundamental part of her identity, and therefore she should not be compelled to forsake it. In other
words, if the applicant has a well-argued reason, why she must be allowed to dress in a western
manner, she can fall under one or more Convention grounds in the 1951 Refugee Convention article
1 A(2). As this study has shown, the usual grounds for this may vary from political opinion to religion
and to membership in a particular social group. However, usually, when discussing gender-related
asylum claims, political opinion and religion are overlooked, and states are more prone to interpret
the ground membership in a particular social group.

67

Bibliography
TABLE OF TREATIES
Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, 28 July 1951, United Nations, adopted by the
United Nations Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Status of Refugees and Stateless Persons,
held at Geneva from 2 to 25 July 1951, entry into force 22 April 1954, UNTS 189, I-2542
Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, 31 January 1967, entry into force 4 October 1967,
UNTS 606, I-8791
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, adopted and opened
for signature, ratification and accession by General Assembly resolution 34/180 of 18 December
1979, entry into force 3 September 1981, in accordance with article 27(1)
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, Done at Rome on 17 July 1998, in force on 1 July
2002, United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 2187, No. 38544
Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons Especially Women and Children,
supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, adopted and
opened for signature, ratification and accession by General Assembly resolution 55/25 of 15
November 2000
DIRECTIVES
Directive 2011/95/EU of the European Union Parliament and of the Council of 13 December 2011
on standards for the qualification of third-country nationals or stateless persons as beneficiaries of
international protection, for a uniform status for refugees or for persons eligible for subsidiary
protection, and for the content of the protection granted. Entry into force 9 January 2012

OTHER INTERNATIONAL GUIDANCE
United Nations, Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted by the UN General Assembly on
10 December 1948
UNHCR, Handbook on Procedures and Criteria for Determining Refugee Status under the 1951
Convention and the 1967 Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees (Geneva, 1979, reissued in
1992 and 2019)
Executive Committee of the High Commissioner’s Programme, Refugee Women and International
Protection No. 39 (XXXVI) – 1985, 18 October 1985, No. 39 (XXXVI)
United Nations, CEDAW Committee, General Recommendation No. 19 on Violence against
women, adopted at the 11th session, 1992, A/47/38, 29 January 1992

Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, Adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
in Vienna on 25 June 1993
United Nations General Assembly, Declaration on the Elimination of Violence Against Women,
A/RES/48/104, 20 December 1993
United Nations General Assembly, Resolution on the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence
against Women, A/RES/48/104, 23 February 1994
The Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, Adopted at
the 16th plenary meeting, on 15 September 1995
UNHCR, Guidelines on international protection: Gender-Related Persecution within the context of
Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and or/its 1977 Protocol relating to the Status of Refugees, 7
May 2002, HCR/GIP/02/01
UNHCR, GUIDELINES ON INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION: “Membership of a particular
social group” within the context of Article 1A(2) of the 1951 Convention and/or its 1967 Protocol
relating to the Status of Refugees, UNHCR, HCR/GIP/02/02, 7 May 2002
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Sexual and Gender-Based Violence
against Refugees, Returnees and Internally Displaced Persons, Guidelines for Prevention and
Response, May 2003
UNHCR, Guidance Note on Refugee Claims relating to Female Genital Mutilation, May 2009
UNHCR, Sexual and Gender-based Violence Prevention and Response in Refugee Situations in the
Middle East and North Africa, 25 November 2015
United Nations, CEDAW Committee, General Recommendation No. 35 on gender-based violence
against women, updating general recommendation No. 19, 26 July 2017
INTERNATIONAL CASE LAW
X, Y, Z v Minister voor Immigrate en Asiel, C-199/12 – C-201/12, European Union: Court of
Justice of The European Union, 7 November 2013
NATIONAL LAW OF COUNTRIES
Swedish Aliens Act 2005:716, 31 March 2006
Law 12/2009 Of 30 October, Regulating The Right Of Asylum And Subsidiary Protection, Spain.
Original language title: Ley 12/2009, de 30 de octubre, reguladora del derecho de asilo y de la
protección subsidiaria
NATIONAL CASE LAW

Matter of Acosta, A-24159781, United States Board of Immigration Appeals, 1 March 1985
Islam (A.P.) v. Secretary of State for the Home Department; R v. Immigration Appeal Tribunal and
Another, Ex Parte Shah (A.P.), Session 1998-1999, United Kingdom: House of Lords (Judicial
Committee), 25 March 1999.
Refugee Appeal No. 76044, No. 76044, New Zealand: Refugee Status Appeals Authority, 11
September 2008
MIG 2011:6, Migrationsöverdomstolen, 3 September 2011
Matter of A-R-C-G- et al., Respondents, 26 I&N Dec. 388, U.S. Department of Justice, Executive
Office for Immigration Review, Board of Immigration Appeals, Decided August 26, 2014.
KHO 30.8.2018/3954, The Supreme Administrative Court (in Finnish)
MONOGRAPHIES AND ARTICLES
28 Too Many, Somalia: The Law and FGM, July 2018
Cambridge University Press, Protected characteristics and social perceptions: an analysis of the
meaning of ‘membership of a particular social group’, by T. Alexander AleiniKoff.
Cambridge University Press, Summary Conclusions: Gender-Related Persecution, June 2003.
Adopted at the expert roundtable organized by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
and the International Institute of Humanitarian Law, in the context of the Global Consultations on
International Protection in San Remo, Italy, 6-8 September 2001
Eeva Nykänen, Fragmented State Power and Forced Migration, 2012
Eric B. Rasmusen & Richard A. Posner, Creating and Enforcing Norms, with Special Reference to
Sanctions, (John M. Olin Program in Law and Economics Working Paper No. 96, 2000)
European Parliament, Directorate General for Internal Policies, Policy Department C: Citizens’
Rights and Constitutional Affairs, Gender-related asylum claims in Europe, A comparative analysis
of law, policies and practice focusing on women in nine EU Member States, France, Belgium,
Hungary, Italy, Malta, Romania, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom, November 2012
European Union Agency fo Fundamental Rights (FRA), Violence Against Women: an EU-wide
survey, Main Results, 2014. ISBN: 978-92-9239-342-7.
Honkala, N. (2018) Islam v Secretary of State for the Home Department, R v Immigration Appeal
Tribunal and Another, ex parte Shah (1999). In: Rackley, E. and Auchmuty, R. (eds.) Women's
Legal Landmarks: Celebrating the history of women and law in the UK and Ireland. Hart
Publishing. ISBN 9781782259770.
Lund University, Faculty of Law, Amanda Hägglund: Gender-related persecution of refugee
women, A feminist analysis of the persecution grounds of the refugee definition, Graduate Thesis,
2015

Michelle Foster, Legal and Protection Policy Research Series, The ‘Ground with the Least Clarity’:
A Comparative Study of Jurisprudential Developments relating to ‘Membership of a Particular
Social Group’, August 2012.
UK Home Office, Country Policy and Information Note, Iraq: ‘Honour’ crimes, Version 2.0, March
2021
INTERNET SOURCES
Catholic Legal Immigration Network, Inc., BIA requires asylums seekers to identify particular
social group, author: Reena Arya. Accessed at (29.5.2020):
https://cliniclegal.org/resources/humanitarian-relief/asylum-and-refugee-law/bia-requires-asylumseekers-identify
Council of Europe, Treaty Office, Details of Treaty No.210. Accessed at (13.5.2020):
https://www.coe.int/en/web/conventions/full-list/-/conventions/treaty/210
European Commission, Migration and Home Affairs, refugee sur place. Accessed at (29.1.2020):
https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/what-wedo/networks/european_migration_network/glossary_search/refugee-sur-place_en
European Commission: About the European Commission. Accessed at (13.5.2020):
https://ec.europa.eu/info/about-european-commission_en
European Commission: What is gender-based violence. Accessed at (11 May 2020):
https://ec.europa.eu/info/policies/justice-and-fundamental-rights/gender-equality/gender-basedviolence/what-gender-based-violence_en
Executive Committee of the High Commissioner’s Programme, Refugee Women and International
Protection No. 39 (XXXVI) – 1985, 18 October 1985. Accessed at (5.6.2020):
https://www.unhcr.org/excom/exconc/3ae68c43a8/refugee-women-international-protection.html
Human Rights Watch, ”You Pray for Death”, Trafficking of Women and Girls in Nigeria, 27
August 2019. Accessed at (19.5.2020): https://www.hrw.org/report/2019/08/27/you-praydeath/trafficking-women-and-girls-nigeria
Immigration and Refugee Board of Canada, Chapter 4 – Grounds of Persecution – Nexus, 4.5.
Particular social group. Accessed at (23.6.2021): https://irb-cisr.gc.ca/en/legal-policy/legalconcepts/Pages/RefDef04.aspx#n45
Migration Policy Institute, Anja Parish, Gender-based violence against women: Both Cause for
Migration and Risk along the Journey, 7 September 2017. Accessed at (23.6.2021):
https://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/gender-based-violence-against-women-both-causemigration-and-risk-along-journey
Mission Statement, UNHCR – The United Nations Refugee Agency, 2007. Accessed at
(23.6.2021): https://www.unhcr.org/4565a5742.pdf

Mores (Strongest Social Norms): Meaning and Characteristics, Article shared by Puja Mondal,
undated. Available at (16.5.2021): https://www.yourarticlelibrary.com/sociology/mores-strongestsocial-norms-meaning-and-characteristics/35066
Official Website of the Department of Homeland Security, CIS Ombudsman, Roundtable 2: Hot
Topics in Asylum: An Examination of Particular Social Group and Other Serious Harm, 24 August
2015. Accessed at (23.6.2021): https://www.dhs.gov/hot-topics-asylum-examination-particularsocial-group-and-other-serious-harm
The International Committee the Red Cross (ICRC): Q&A: sexual violence in armed conflicts.
Accessed at (12.5.2020): https://www.icrc.org/en/document/sexual-violence-armed-conflictquestions-and-answers
The United Nations work on violence against women, Information Note, Division for the
Advancement of Women. Accessed at (12.5.2020):
https://www.un.org/womenwatch/daw/news/unwvaw.html
UNHCR Intro to the Convention. Accessed at (23.6.2021): https://www.unhcr.org/1951-refugeeconvention.html
United Nations Human Rights Office of the High Commissioner (OHCHR): Violence Against
Women. Accessed at (11 May 2020):
https://www.ohchr.org/EN/Issues/Women/WRGS/Pages/VAW.aspx
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights (OHCHR), Convention on the
Elimination of All Forms Discrimination against Women. Accessed at (12.5.2020):
https://www.ohchr.org/en/professionalinterest/pages/cedaw.aspx
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights (OHCHR), Committee on the
Elimination of Discrimination against Women. Accessed at (11 May 2020):
https://www.ohchr.org/en/hrbodies/cedaw/pages/cedawindex.aspx
United Nations Office of the High Commissioner on Human Rights (OHCHR), Special Rapporteur
on violence against women, its causes and consequences. Accessed at (12.5.2020):
https://www.ohchr.org/EN/Issues/Women/SRWomen/Pages/SRWomenIndex.aspx

