MASTER ́S THESIS IN INTERNATIONAL LAW AND HUMAN RIGHTS

Shane van Galen
Analysing Non-State Armed Groups’ Internal Communications: Recognising Principles of
International Humanitarian Law

Master’s Thesis in Public International Law
Master’s Programme in International Law and
Human Rights
Supervisor: Elina Pirjatanniemi
Åbo Akademi
2021

ÅBO AKADEMI – FACULTY OF SOCIAL SCIENCES, BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS
Abstract for Master´s Thesis
Subject: Public International Law, Master’s Degree Programme in International Law and Human
Rights
Author: Shane van Galen
Title: Analysing Non-State Armed Groups’ Internal Communications: Recognising Principles of
International Humanitarian Law
Supervisor: Elina Pirjatanniemi
Supervisor:
Abstract:
Although the majority of global armed conflicts occur within national borders, most international
humanitarian laws address situations of international armed conflict. Non-international armed conflict
is regulated by a limited number of laws, and one of the most important players on the international
plane in an armed conflict context, the non-state armed group, struggles with legal recognition due to
the state-centric nature of the international law system. Therefore, it is vital that the law applicable to
non-international armed conflict is adhered to as well as possible. This role is under international law
awarded to the International Committee of the Red Cross, an organisation that under the premise of
being the ‘guardian of international humanitarian law’ is conferred upon the responsibility to further
disseminate and educate international actors on the laws applicable to situations of armed conflict.
In order to increase the effectiveness of such activities, this thesis seeks to contribute to the
operationalisation of education efforts by recognising the existence of a core set of principles that can
be discerned from non-state armed groups’ internal communications. By researching these often easily
neglected soft law documents, namely codes of conduct, internal manuals, oaths, international
commitments and so on, and comparing them and analysing them in light of the laws applicable to
non-international armed conflict, namely Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions, customary
international humanitarian law, and Additional Protocol II to the Geneva Conventions, a body of
‘customary non-state armed group law’ has been recognised.
By researching these soft law documents and analysing them according to abovementioned
international humanitarian law instruments, five principles of international humanitarian law can be
recognised. The principle of distinction, the prohibition of looting, the use of anti-personnel mines, the
use of child soldiers, and the humane treatment of prisoners all find widespread support in non-state
armed groups internal communications and can therefore undoubtedly be said to belong to customary
non-state armed group law. These findings further advance the dissemination of international
humanitarian law by specifying which rules that are less known or adhered to by non-state armed
groups need to lie at the centre of the International Committee of the Red Cross’ dissemination and
education efforts.
Keywords: International Humanitarian Law, Non-State Armed Groups
Date: 28-06-2021

Number of pages: 98
Number of words (excl. bibliography): 34000

The abstract is approved as a maturity test:

Table of Contents
Chapter 1: Introduction

1

1.1 Introduction

1

1.2 Research Questions

3

1.3 Methodology and Limitations

5

1.4 Terminology

9

Chapter 2: Non-State Armed Groups and International Humanitarian Law

11

2.1 The Legal Status of Non-State Armed Groups under Public International Law

11

2.2 Why is National Armed Conflict Regulated by International Law?

16

2.3 How are Non-State Armed Groups Bound by International Humanitarian Law?

19

2.4 Legal Right of Existence for Non-State Armed Groups

23

2.5 The Role of the International Committee of the Red Cross

26

2.6 Incentives to Follow International Humanitarian Law by Non-State Armed Groups 29
2.7 Incentives to Disregard International Humanitarian Law by Non-State Armed
Groups

32

Chapter 3: Common Article 3

35

3.1 Introduction

35

3.1.1 Adoption
3.2 Non-International Armed Conflict

35
35

3.2.1 Non-International Armed Conflict in Common Article 3

35

3.2.2 Non-International Armed Conflict and Non-State Armed Groups

37

3.3 Affected Persons

39

3.3.1 Affected Persons in Common Article 3

39

3.3.2 Affected Persons and Non-State Armed Groups

42

3.4 Specifically Prohibited Acts

44

3.4.1 Specifically Prohibited Acts in Common Article 3

44

3.4.2 Specifically Prohibited Acts and Non-State Armed Groups

45

3.5 Wounded and Sick

49

3.5.1 Wounded and Sick in Common Article 3

49

3.5.2 Wounded and Sick and Non-State Armed Groups

50

3.6 Special Agreements
3.6.1 Special Agreements and Non-State Armed Groups

51
51

3.7 Legal Status of the Parties to the Conflict
3.7.1 Legal Status of the Parties to the Conflict in Common Article 3

56
56

Chapter 4: Customary International Humanitarian Law

57

4.1 Introduction

57

4.1.1 The ICRC Study
4.2 Principle of Distinction

57
58

4.2.1 Principle of Distinction in the ICRC Study

58

4.2.2 Principle of Distinction and Non-State Armed Groups

60

4.3 Specifically Protected Persons and Objects
4.3.1 Specifically Protected Persons and Objects in the ICRC Study

60
60

4.3.2 Specifically Protected Persons and Objects and Non-State Armed Groups 62
4.4 Specific Methods of Warfare

62

4.4.1 Specific Methods of Warfare in the ICRC Study

62

4.4.2 Specific Methods of Warfare and Non-State Armed Groups

63

4.5 Use of Weapons
4.5.1 Use of Weapons and Non-State Armed Groups
4.6 Treatment of Civilians and Persons hors de combat
4.6.1 Treatment of Civilians and Persons hors de combat in the ICRC Study

65
65
67
67

4.6.2 Treatment of Civilians and Persons hors de combat and
Non-State Armed Groups

69

Chapter 5: Additional Protocol II

71

5.1 Adoption of Additional Protocol II

71

5.2 Laws of Additional Protocol II

72

Chapter 6: An Analysis of the Humanitarian Laws Endorsed and Neglected by
Non-State Armed Groups

75

6.1 General Observations

75

6.2 Endorsed International Humanitarian Laws and Principles

76

6.3 Educational Efforts

77

Chapter 7: Conclusion

79

Bibliography

81

Annex I: Non-State Armed Groups and Documents

97

Chapter 1: Introduction
1.1 Introduction
From the Mongolian horde riding West to conquer the European nations in the thirteenth
century, to the French defeating Henry V at Agincourt, to the numerous conflicts between Japan
and China, to Nazi-Germany succumbing to the Allies: throughout history, the vast majority of
wars has been fought out between states. Soldiers were fighting in the name of their country,
and battles took place in set pieces determining which nation became the victor.
Throughout the centuries and all over the globe, different versions of rules of warfare
regulating such wars have existed to a certain extent.1 The Battle of Solferino in 1859 turned
out to be the catalyst that led to the development of the modern version of International
Humanitarian Law (IHL).2 In order to regulate the conduct that was allowed in armed conflicts,
states together created rules to determine who could be targeted, what weapons could be used,
and what happened in case of injury or capture. Because of the inter-state nature of these
conflicts, and the state being the key and until fairly recently, only legal subject of international
law, IHL was developed which regulated wars between states.
The Second World War proved a turning point for international warfare. Global interstate violence decreased rapidly due to numerous reasons, including the existence of nuclear
weapons, international economic interdependence, and the emergence of the ‘age of reason and
enlightenment’.3 However, this pacifistic success is heavily overshadowed by the increase of
intra-state warfare in the post-World War II period, which constituted the vast majority of
armed conflicts in the second half of the twentieth century, sometimes attributing for over 95%
of global conflicts.4 To put this into perspective, as recently as 2014 there was only one truly
international conflict - between India and Pakistan - with as many as 39 conflicts happening
within the boundaries of the state, meaning 97.5% of all conflicts.5
These conflicts are often fought out between forces of the government and different
types of dissident armed groups, so-called Non-State Armed Groups (NSAGs). The
International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), the leading organisation in the development
and dissemination of, and ensuring compliance with IHL has identified 614 armed groups of

Amanda Alexander, ‘A Short History of International Humanitarian Law’ (2015) 26 The European Journal of
International Law 109, 111-112.
2
ibid 112.
3
Human Security Report Project, ‘Human Security Report 2013: The Decline in Global Violence: Evidence,
Explanation, and Contestation’ (Simon Fraser University Canada 2013) 1, 20-34.
4
Therése Pettersson and Peter Wallensteen, ’Armed Conflicts, 1946-2014’ (2015) 52 Journal of Peace Research
536, 539.
5
ibid 537.
1

1

global humanitarian concern in 2020, which together execute government-like functions over
an estimated 60 to 80 million people worldwide, showing that NSAGs operate on an immense
scale and as such, cannot be underestimated and are deserving of proper attention in both
international legislation and legal research. 6
The existence of such groups inherently clashes with international law and the statecentric Westphalian system, and as such, they occupy a peculiar position within the
international community, which finds it difficult to situate any non-state actors within the
existing international legal system. However, as discussed, throughout the years they have
increasingly occupied a greater fragment of the armed conflicts in the world and thus, the
international system and international legislation cannot ignore them, as their conduct poses a
threat to the existence of the state and civilians, and national, regional, and global security. As
such, throughout the decades, states have been able to regulate this conduct to a certain extent.
However, the development of legislating internal conduct is hampered by the reluctance
of states to provide any legal possibilities for other states to interfere in their domestic affairs,
a sentiment rooted in Westphalian interpretations of sovereignty and the inviolability of state
borders. In addition, fears to provide NSAGs with any form of legal recognition which might
strengthen them in their contra-state objectives only contribute to this reluctance. As such, the
vast majority of IHL regulates international conflicts, and only a mere handful of instruments
concern themselves with Non-International Armed Conflict (NIAC). The famous Geneva
Conventions of 1949 include over 400 articles outlining forbidden and permissible conduct,
rights and obligations for states and individuals being involved in international armed conflicts
(IACs), whereas merely a single article regulates NIACs.7 This lonesome Article 3, common to
all four Geneva Conventions, is nonetheless dubbed a ‘convention in miniature’ as its
importance to regulate NIAC is widely recognized. 8 In the years following the conclusion of
the Geneva Conventions, NIACs increasingly found themselves the subject matter of
international legislation efforts, in addition to the recognition of NSAGs being bound by
customary international law.9 Treaties such as the Convention for the Protection of Cultural

ICRC, ‘ICRC Engagement with Non-State Armed Groups: What, How, For What Purpose, and Other Salient
Issues’ (March 2021) ICRC Position Paper 1, 2.
7
The Geneva Conventions of August 12 1949 (adopted 12 August 1949, entered into force 21 October 1950) 75
UNTS 31 (Geneva Conventions).
8
David A. Elder, ‘Historical Background of Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions of 1949’ (1979) 11
Case Western Reserve Journal of International Law 37, 68-69.
9
Ezequiel Heffes, ‘Compliance with IHL by Non-State Armed Groups: Some Practical Reflections at the 70th
Anniversary of the 1949 Geneva Conventions’ (EJIL: Talk!, August 2019)
<https://www.ejiltalk.org/compliance-with-ihl-by-non-state-armed-groups-some-practical-reflections-at-the70th-anniversary-of-the-1949-geneva-conventions/> accessed 4 March 2021.
6

2

Property in the Event of Armed Conflict and the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on
the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons are evidence of a slow increase in the amount of
rules regulating NIACs.10
However, a persistent problem in international law is compliance, and IHL is no
exception.11 The establishment of rules is a welcome development, but if one of the most
important parties to conflicts does not comply with such rules, it becomes problematic. As such,
one of the most important tasks and objectives of the ICRC is to ensure that NSAGs are aware
and accept norms of IHL, to guarantee that all parties to an armed conflict play by the same
rules.12 In order to achieve compliance, the ICRC seeks to engage in dialogue with NSAGs and
educate them on the rules of war by organising training sessions and distributing relevant
materials.13 The ICRC has stated that ‘adherence to IHL norms could be promoted through
reference to local beliefs, legal traditions, customs and practices that encapsulate similar
norms…’.14 In order to promote IHL, which is the only body of international law that
undoubtedly binds NSAGs, the ICRC has thus identified that internal norms of NSAGs
contribute to IHL compliance.15 In order to further increase the knowledge of IHL and achieve
further obedience by NSAGs, it can thus be reasoned that the efforts of the ICRC should lie
with those rules which are undeniably a part of IHL, but which have the least amount of
recognition by NSAGs. This thesis will seek to recognize which rules and norms of IHL are
already a part of the internal rules of NSAGs, which consequently identifies which rules are
less crystallized in NSAGs customs and as such, could benefit the most from efforts by the
ICRC to educate NSAGs on these rules.
1.2 Research Questions
In order to do so, a look will be taken at NSAGs’ internal communications, which, albeit not
being authoritative legal sources, do give a rare glimpse into the convictions and internal rules

Michelle Mack and Jelena Pejic, ‘Increasing Respect for International Humanitarian Law in Non-International
Armed Conflict’ ICRC (2008), 9.
11
Helen Durham, ‘Strengthening Compliance with IHL: Disappointment and Hope’ (Humanitarian Law &
Policy, 14 December 2018) <https://blogs.icrc.org/law-and-policy/2018/12/14/strengthening-compliance-withihl-disappointment-and-hope/> accessed 25 March 2021.
12
ICRC ‘ICRC Engagement’ (n 6) 8.
13
ibid.
14
ibid.
15
ibid.
10

3

of NSAGs and can serve to identify which norms of IHL have already been widely endorsed
by NSAGs.16 The overall research question guiding this thesis will be as follows:
Which principles of International Humanitarian Law can be considered inherently
binding for Non-State Armed Groups and are therefore widely endorsed and included in their
internal communications?
In order to answer this question, first the framework in which this research will be
conducted must be established, meaning a clarification on methods, terms used, source material,
and its limitations.
Subsequently, Chapter 2 will seek to answer the following question: How can the
difficult position of Non-State Armed Groups in the international legal system be understood?
In order to answer the main research question, it is vital to first understand the difficult
relationship that exists between NSAGs, IHL, the ICRC, and states. In order to recognize which
principles are inherent to NSAGs, it must first be established why they interact with IHL
differently than states, and how the complexities of their legal status and position in the
international legal system contribute to a political and legal complications.
In order to answer the main research question, three different sources of IHL will be
explored. In each of the following three chapters, the following question will be answered: What
principles of the assessed source are recognized and endorsed by Non-State Armed Groups in
their internal communications?
Firstly, Chapter 3 will concern itself with the only universal treaty law applicable to
NIACs, namely Common Article 3 to the Geneva Conventions. Because it is universally
binding, its laws undoubtedly bind NSAGs and therefore, there is no armed group that operates
on a territory of a state that is not bound by its provisions. Therefore, its provisions will be
explored in great detail as its principles are foundational to IHL and as such, their recognition
in NSAGs’ internal communications will be confirmation of their inherent nature.
Chapter 4 will take a similar approach, but with a focus on customary international
humanitarian law. As the customary international law discussed in this chapter is based on a
study by the ICRC, its contents are based on a huge amount of data and years of extensive

Sandesh Sivakumaran, ‘Lessons for the Law of Armed Conflict from Commitments of Armed Groups:
Identification of Legitimate Targets and Prisoners of War’ (2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross 463,
464-465.
16

4

research. In addition, customary international humanitarian law is also universally applicable
and therefore it also binds all NSAGs.
Lastly, Chapter 5 will concern itself with Additional Protocol II to the Geneva
Conventions (APII), which is only applicable to those armed groups operating on states that
have signed and ratified the Additional Protocol. As its provisions are not universally
applicable, its provisions are not binding on all NSAGs and therefore it will be assessed after
the two aforementioned universally applicable sources.
This hierarchical structure was chosen over a thematic separation between the principles
as in that case, the sources of IHL would be assessed together to find evidence of the
endorsement of a principle, whilst in reality, certain laws might not even be applicable to the
NSAG due to their operations happening on the territory of a state which is not a party to the
treaty. In the current structure, evidence of principles of IHL are weighted according to the
source they are derived off and therefore, principles endorsed by NSAGs that are derived from
universally applicable sources can truly be said to be evidence of a NSAG’ opinio juris, whereas
for example principles derived from Additional Protocol II or even smaller treaties would be
evidence of a specific law as opposed to truly foundational principles of IHL. The potential
downside to this structure is that certain principles and laws might see some repetition, but the
overall argument sees benefits from this structure.
Chapter 6 will analyse the findings of the preceding chapters and outline which norms
of IHL are endorsed by NSAGs and which could benefit most from education and dissemination
efforts by the ICRC, in order to better streamline them and improve their effectiveness.
Chapter 7 seeks to summarize the findings of this research in the form of a conclusion,
accompanied by recommendations based on the results.
1.3 Methodology and Limitations
For this thesis, the legal-dogmatic research method will be used. Legal-dogmatic research can
be described as ‘research that aims to give a systematic exposition of the principles, rules and
concepts governing a particular legal field or institution and analyses the relationship between
these principles, rules and concepts with a view of solving unclarities and gaps in the existing
law.’17 In conducting this research, Smits recognizes three essential components, discussed
below to recognize how this thesis fits into legal research.

Jan M. Smits, ‘What is Legal Doctrine? On the Aims and Methods of Legal-Dogmatic Research’ (September
2015) Maastricht European Private Law Institute Working Paper No.2015/06 1, 5.
17

5

Firstly, it is an essential feature of the method that it adopts an internal perspective. 18
What this means is that the source material is analysed to disseminate the correct interpretation
of the law from the inside of the legal system. 19 In this current research, this is done by taking
the applicable law to NIAC as a starting point, namely the Geneva Conventions, Additional
Protocol II (as Additional Protocol I is only applicable to situations of IAC), and customary
international humanitarian law, treating it as the indisputable applicable norms that actors
should adhere to.
Secondly, it is crucial that the law is seen as a system. 20 It is essential to ‘make
connections between seemingly disparate doctrinal strands, and the challenge of extracting
general principles from the inchoate mass of primary materials.’ 21 In the present research, this
is done by aiming towards the operationalisation of the law by extracting these general
principles from soft law documents in order to enhance hard law compliance. Treating soft law
documents as part of the system is realistic and the opposite would leave out a major component
of the actual system of law in circulation.
Lastly, the research should systematise the present law.22 The currently applicable IHL
will be tested against customary NSAGs norms. This is not to say that it cannot point towards
the direction the law could or should progress towards to better reflect the realities of NIACs;
it merely takes the lex lata as a starting point for analysis. The system of the applicable law is
derived from art. 38 of the Statute of the International Court of Justice (ICJ), which has
famously established the authoritative sources of international law as being treaties,
international custom, general principles of law and subsidiary writings by scholars.23 Although
some disagreement exists on the subject matter of hierarchy between these sources, 24 the Rome
Statute of the International Criminal Court applies in its judication firstly its founding Statute,
secondly ‘applicable treaties and the principles and rules of international law, including the
established principles of the international law of armed conflict, and lastly general principles of

18

ibid.
ibid.
20
ibid 6.
21
ibid.
22
ibid 7.
23
Statute of the International Court of Justice (adopted 26 June 1945, entered into force 23 March 1945) 59 Stat.
1031, art. 38.
24
See for example Francisco Forrest Martin, ‘Delineating a Hierarchical Outline of International Law Sources
and Norms’ (2001) 65 Saskatchewan Law Review 333, 359 who states that ‘Treaties generally have less
authority than customary international law because treaties cannot violate customary international law’; Hugh
Thirlway, The Sources of International Law (Oxford University Press 2014), 129-133 states that treaties and
customary law are usually considered equal in stature.
19

6

law.’25 General principles of law, as a source recognised in art. 38 of the ICJ Statute, will in this
current research not be considered. There exists some discrepancy on which exact principles
could be considered general principles of law, and the source is only used sporadically by the
ICJ to fill legal vacuums. Customary international law and treaty law on the other hand will be
assessed thoroughly as they are both considered norm-generating sources and as such can be
tested against NSAGs soft law commitments. 26
Where the current research might divert from mainstream legal-dogmatic research is the
focus on soft law documents. Soft law is generally described as being ‘quasi-legal instruments
that have no legal force, such as non-binding resolutions, declarations, and guidelines created
by governments and private organisations.’ 27 Especially soft law instruments from nonauthoritative actors in the international legal system such as NSAGs are not awarded sufficient
attention in international legal scholarship, even though they are a reflection of the integration
of IHL into NSAGs’ conduct.28 An often used argument that is used to discard these sources
too easily is their classification as being merely intended for public relations purposes.29
Although there are some examples of this statement being true, the exact same can be said for
states signing treaties or issuing declarations of intent. Unfortunately, many states still
intentionally act contrary to the obligations under IHL treaties they themselves chose to be
bound by.30 A fundamental feature of the legal-dogmatic method is to take the lex lata as a
starting point and interpreting it the applicable and valid law; there is no reason this cannot be
extended to soft law instruments, as they serve a similar purpose to NSAGs as IHL treaties do
to states, indicating a set of rules they agreed to that outlines which norms and principles they
adhere to in their conduct.
However, they constitute a vital view into the workings of one of the most important
actors in global armed conflict and the one that most needs to comply with international norms;
neglecting the semi-legal documents that guide non-state actors would mean to look away from
the reality of armed conflict and would be counterproductive in achieving one of the most
essential goals of international law and more specifically IHL: compliance. Therefore, this
thesis will assess these documents in depth.
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (adopted 17 July 1998, entered into force 1 July 2002) 2187
UNTS 3, art. 38.
26
Thirlway (n 24) 93-94, 111.
27
Bryan H. Druzin, ’Why Does Soft Law Have any Power Anyway?’ (2017) 7 Asian Journal of International
Law 361, 361.
28
Sivakumaran ‘Lessons’ (n 16) 464.
29
Olivier Bangerter, ‘Reasons why Armed Groups Choose to Respect International Humanitarian Law or Not’
(June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross 355.
30
ibid.
25

7

The assessed sources are derived from NSAGs. Sivakumaran, who has focussed most
of his work on the law applicable to armed groups, categorized the commitments of armed
groups in four main categories, with three additional categories encompassing documents that
do not constitute commitments as such, but give some insights into humanitarian norm
compliance by NSAGs.31 Unilateral declarations, ad hoc agreements, codes of conduct and
internal regulations, and legislation constitute the four main categories, whereas responses to
reports of fact-finding missions, press releases and ad hoc statements, and expressions of
motivations for taking up arms do not quite fulfil the legality of constituting a commitment. 32
All of these types of communications will be assessed but due to the inherent closed and
private nature of most NSAGs, some of the materials to be assessed are not widely available,
and as such, some differences in quantity per category are unfortunately unavoidable. 33
However, in assessing 58 documents, including 38 codes of conduct and internal regulations,
the current research tries to discern which norms and principles of IHL can generally speaking
be considered to be adhered to and endorsed, and which ones are not as widely recognized or
disregarded. With ‘generally speaking’ both a quantitative and qualitative assessment will be
made to decide whether a principle has been endorsed, meaning that both the vast majority of
NSAGs must make reference to the principle and additionally, its inclusion must be virtually
uniform, and the essence of the principle must be recognisable in the wording of the NSAG
across the board.
To avoid regional, religious, political and any other form of bias, the selection of the
assessed NSAGs and their documents was based on several factors that sought to create a fair
representation of global armed groups. Taking into account different continents, timeframes,
regions, religions, political views, and organisational structures, this thesis seeks to attach
general conclusions to NSAGs as a whole, without being heavily influenced by a majority of
any of the factors mentioned above. This being said, due to the limited availability and often
secretive nature of these documents, unfortunately some decades and types of groups might be
represented to a larger extent than others.
Because NSAGs from different decades are being assessed, some of these internal
communications and the armed groups themselves were in existence prior to the conclusion of
the Geneva Conventions, the codification of certain rules of customary international

ibid 465.
ibid 465–469.
33
Olivier Bangerter, ‘Internal Control: Codes of Conduct within Insurgent Armed Groups’ (2012) Small Arms
Survey contains the vast majority of the assessed codes of conduct.
31
32

8

humanitarian law, and the conclusion of APII. However, what is being researched is whether
there have been principles recognised by NSAGs’ internal communications. In other words,
whether certain foundational norms can be extracted from NSAGs’ internal communications to
discover evidence of the opinio juris of a sort of ‘customary NSAG law’. That some principles
that had only been officially codified in 1947 surface in codes of conduct prior does not disrupt
the timeline of assessment.
1.4 Terminology
It is important to clarify exactly what a Non-State Armed Group is, as there exist some differing
definitions of the concept, and since the concept lies at the foundation of this thesis, some
clarifying words are in order. The entity can be described as armed groups, armed non-state
actors, non-state actors, or violent non-state actors.34 These variations are minor and
insignificant and in theory could be used interchangeably, but for the sake of consistency, in
this thesis ‘Non-State Armed Group’ will be used predominantly, with some reference to simply
‘armed groups’.
Only two distinguishing features are important to clarify. Firstly, the concept of ‘armed
group’ differentiates violent actors from other international actors that are independent from the
state, but pursue different objectives, such as Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs).
Secondly, the inclusion of ‘Non-State’ seeks to emphasize the independent nature of such
groups, as this anti-governmental sentiment is vital in placing the conduct of such groups under
the conflict of internal armed conflicts. Private military companies for example are ‘armed
groups’ but can be employed by governments and as such are not ‘Non-State’. The term ‘NonState Armed Group’ is thus used in the current research to distinguish these types of
organisations from two slightly comparable organisations to avoid confusion. 35 As such, it
includes organisations fighting for freedom, terrorist groups, smaller terrorist bands, networks,
and any such organisation that is non-state and focused on achieving their goals through violent
tactics. In addition, this is the term used by the ICRC and as such, the term enjoys widespread
use in international legal discourse.
It is easy to disregard the use of NSAGs’ documents as seeing them merely as ‘terrorist
propaganda’ and portraying their members as immoral people without norms and values that
only understand violence. It is however important to note that ‘one man’s terrorist is another

34
35

Peter G. Thompson, Armed Groups: The 21st Century Threat. (Rowman & Littlefield Publishers 2014), 56.
ibid.

9

man’s freedom fighter.’ 36 The relationship between NSAGs and governments is highly
asymmetric, where the legitimacy of NSAGs is often delivered to the general public by
governments, who will, due to the general anti-government nature of armed groups, try to
portray them as immoral and illegal terrorists, to try to avoid the garnering of any support for
such groups by the public.37 Of course, many such groups are known to engage in some grave
crimes, but many also represent part of the population that is discontent with the current
government for various reasons that has been suppressed for sometimes decades and have to
resort to drastic tactics to achieve any degree of progress.38 All this is merely to say that often,
NSAGs are built on a desire to develop conditions for a part of the population, and as such,
their internal communications should not be pushed aside based on the idea that ‘terrorist
groups’ merely use them as propaganda sources.

Michael V. Bhatia, ’Naming Terrorists, Bandits, Rebels and Other Violent Actors’ (2005) 26 Third World
Quarterly 5, 7.
37
Nicolas Florquin and Elisabeth Decrey Warner, ‘Engaging Non-State Armed Groups or Listing Terrorists?
Implications for the Arms Control Community’ (April 2020) 1 Non-State Armed Groups 17, 18.
38
Max Abrahams, ’Why Terrorists Are Misunderstood’ (This View of Life, 19 February 2020)
<https://thisviewoflife.com/why-terrorists-are-misunderstood/#comments> accessed 12 March 2021.
36

10

Chapter 2: Non-State Armed Groups and International Humanitarian Law
2.1 The Legal Status of Non-State Armed Groups under Public International Law
International law was founded by states, and primarily deals with their reciprocal relations.
States are the main architects of international legislation, and its provisions seek to regulate
their conduct in relation to each other. 39 As such, international law is based on the sovereign
equality of states, placing them on equal footing with each other.40 Our Westphalian statecentric system partially explains the awkward position that non-state actors occupy within this
framework. However, state-centric does not mean that international law solely deals with states;
over recent decades, other international actors have gained (limited) attention in international
legislation, such as individuals, NGOs and supranational organisations such as the European
Union and the United Nations (UN).41
However, any argument that seeks to place such actors on equal footing with states
cannot be considered embedded in reality.42 States still dominate the international system, and
it is them allowing non-state actors a position under international law that provides these actors
with any degree of legal personality. The international legal order presents the state as the entity
without which it cannot exist. 43 However, it is for this present research essential to explore the
precise position that NSAGs occupy in the international framework, in order to recognize the
effects this subsidiarity vis-à-vis the state has on the relationship between NSAGs and
international legislation. To situate NSAGs within the wider international legal system, a closer
look must first be taken at what exactly entails being a legal subject of international law, and
more specifically, the concept of international legal personality.
Up until the end of World War II, states were considered by many to be the only legal
subjects of international law.44 The concept of international personality originated from the law
between states, as the law regulating their conduct provided every state with rights and
obligations, transforming their status to that of an international person or entity. 45 The concept
Zakaria Daboné, ‘International Law: Armed Groups in a State-Centric System’ (June 2011) 93 International
Review of the Red Cross 395, 395.
40
Charter of the United Nations (adopted 26 June 1945, entered into force 23 March 1945) 59 Stat. 1031 (UN
Charter) art. 2(1).
41
Cedric Ryngaert, ‘Non-State Actors: Carving out a Space in a State-Centred International Legal System’ (July
2016) 63 Netherlands International Law Review 183, 186-188; ICJ, Reparations for Injuries Suffered in the
Service of the United Nations (Advisory Opinion) ICJ Reports 1949 (Reparations for Injuries), 179.
42
Marco Sassòli, ‘Introducing a Sliding-Scale of Obligations to Address the Fundamental Inequality Between
Armed Groups and States?’ 93 International Review of the Red Cross 426, 427.
43
Daboné (n 39) 395-396.
44
Hans Aufricht, ‘Personality in International Law’ in Fleur Johns (eds), International Legal Personality (Ashgate
Publishing 2010) 35.
45
Gus Waschefort, ‘The Pseudo Legal Personality of Non-State Armed Groups in International Law’ (2011) 36
South African Yearbook of International Law 226, 227.
39

11

thus boils down to who is considered to be an actor in the international legal system. 46 Because
there is no universally agreed upon definition established in international treaty law (unlike
treaty interpretation according to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties for example)
or a set of criteria developed which if fulfilled constitute possessing such personality, the
problem arises as to what the requirements are for being considered an international legal
person.47
Because of this, there is a discrepancy in the academic literature regarding the precise
build-up of the concept. For example, Shaw describes personality as ‘participation plus
acceptance’,48 making the recognition of the legal status of the entity a requirement for its legal
personality. However, case law has shown that this requirement is rejected, and it is rather
objective factors which are decisive, not subjective recognition.49 Little disagreement exists
over the fact that international legal personality includes the capability of being endowed with
rights, obligations and capacities under international law.50
Additionally, in his monograph dedicated solely to the question of international legal
personality, its (proposed) criteria and its applicability to armed groups, Murray concludes that
three additional criteria deserve serious consideration, one of which, namely the capacity to
bring an international claim, ultimately cannot be said to constitute a criterion of international
legal personality but rather a direct consequence of being considered an international legal
entity.51
The two criteria that complete the international legal personality definition then are that
an entity must exist independently, and that an entity must be in actual possession of
aforementioned rights, obligations and capacities. 52 These three proposed criteria of existing
independently, having the capability of being endowed with rights, obligations and capacities
under international law, and being in actual possession of these rights, obligations and
capacities, seem to be supported widely in the literature and are embedded in international case
law and therefore, this current research will make use of these criteria.

Daragh Murray, Human Rights Obligations of Non-State Armed Groups (Hart Publishing 2016) 24.
Treaties are to be interpreted according to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (adopted 23 May 1969,
entered into force 27 January 1980) 1155 UNTS 331 (VCLT); Murray (n 44) 48.
48
Malcolm N. Shaw, International Law (8th edition, Cambridge University Press 2017) 156.
49
Murray (n 46) 125.
50
Anna-Karin Lindblom, The Legal Status of Non-Governmental Organisations in International Law (Uppsala
Universitet 2001) 78; Jan Klabbers, ‘The Concept of Legal Personality’ in Fleur Johns (eds), International Legal
Personality (Ashgate Publishing 2010) 14-15.
51
Murray (n 46) 46-47.
52
ibid 47-48.
46
47

12

Although this definition initially seemed to apply exclusively to states, in 1920 this
changed with the founding of the League of Nations. Because the building blocks of the League
of Nations were solely states, the only logical conclusion one could draw is that a collection
consisting of exclusively international legal persons would also constitute an international legal
entity on its own, albeit with its own specific rights, obligations, and competences.53 As states
are the ones that create and develop international law, it follows logically that states therefore
have the competence to create new subjects of international law, a position confirmed by the
ICJ in the Reparations For Injuries Case, which recognized the UN as an international person.54
The importance of possessing international legal personality was highlighted in this case, as it
suggests that without it, the UN would not be able to bring a claim against Israel. Bringing a
claim in front of an international court is not a criterion of possessing legal personality, but
rather the result of possessing such legal personality.55 According to the ICJ, international legal
personality is thus a conditio sine qua non, or an essential condition that precedes the ability to
act or bring a claim to an international court.56
In recent decades, international legal personality has been asserted by other international
organisations such as the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), and to a lesser
degree individuals, who can be said to possess rights only indirectly, as they still can only claim
these rights through the state which in turn is a party to the international legislation. 57 It seems
clear that international legal personality cannot be obtained without the consent of the state.
Hence, NSAGs occupy a peculiar position in international law, as their mere existence clashes
with the state-centric system and in most - if not all - cases their primary objectives threaten the
established boundaries of the state on which territory they operate on.58 An obvious problem
becomes clear: for an NSAG to have legal personality under international law, it can only do
so via the state, the entity they seek to break up. However, if states accept NSAGs as an
international legal person, international law itself does not inherently prohibit the granting of
legal status to such groups.59 It seems apparent however that states would not place NSAGs on
equal footing to themselves, meaning that a conclusion can be drawn that NSAGs cannot obtain
a similar degree of international legal personality as states. Although international legal

Waschefort (n 45) 227.
Lindblom (n 50) 116; Reparations for Injuries (n 41) 178-179.
55
Murray (n 46) 47.
56
Klabbers (n 50) 20-21.
57
ICJ, LaGrand Case (Germany v United States of America) (Judgment) ICJ Reports 2001, paras. 77, 89,
124(3), 124(4); Waschefort (n 45) 228-230.
58
Daboné (n 39) 397.
59
Lindblom (n 50) 68.
53
54

13

personality is an absolute threshold that an entity either does or does not possess, there still exist
different degrees of personality after this boundary has been transcended, meaning that some
entities have more rights and others may have more obligations in relation to others. 60 Looking
at the components of international legal personality, the diminished status of NSAGs in relation
to the state becomes evident, attributing to them a ‘defective form of legal personality’ 61 or that
of an ‘imperfect’ international person. 62 Below, an analysis will be made to conclude the degree
of legal personality NSAGs have based on the aforementioned three criteria of existing
independently, having the capability of being endowed with rights, obligations and capacities
under international law, and being in actual possession of these.
Firstly, an entity must exist independently. This entails that an armed group must not be
an extension or part of another entity. In the domestic domain, this means that once the state on
which territory the armed group is operating cannot be said to subject the group to its will, the
NSAG is acting independently. 63 This threshold is derived from the traditional international law
approach to insurgency, where the state of rebellion can still be considered as occurring under
the state’s normal internal rule of law mechanisms, meaning the police force can act and the
judicial system can still judge the rebels. 64 However, when rebellion escalates to insurgency,
and the regular mechanisms available to the state are not sufficient and recourse has to be made
to some international regulation, the state can be said to have lost the power to subject the entity
to its will, and the entity can be said to be acting independently. 65
In defining whether a conflict has reached the threshold of an insurgency, one of the
criteria is that the situation dictates that third states take a stance on the conflict, thereby
indirectly dictating that internal conflicts of a certain severity are by definition the concern of
the international community.66 If an armed group is operating on the territory of a state which
has lost control over it, but the group is under the direct control of a third state, the armed group
is merely considered as constituting an organ of the state which controls it and therefore it is
that state that possesses the international legal personality. 67 Mere financial or logistical support
is not enough to fulfil this threshold; the relationship must be one of ‘complete dependence’. In
the Nicaragua Case, even though the insurgent contras were heavily reliant on United States
Klabbers (n 50) 5; Michael Byers, Custom, Power, and the Power of Rules: International Relations and
Customary International Law (Cambridge University Press 1999) 75.
61
Waschefort (n 45) 235-236.
62
Lassa Francis Oppenheim, International Law: a Treatise (2nd edition, Longmans 1912) 107.
63
Murray (n 46) 138.
64
ibid 138-139.
65
ibid 139-140.
66
ibid.
67
ibid 8.
60

14

aid, the amount of control exercised was not ‘complete control’, and the contras could not be
said to be acting on the United States Government’s behalf. 68
Secondly, NSAGs must be capable of being endowed with rights and obligations under
IHL. This capability boils down to being in possession of a responsible command. An NSAG
with leaders and an established hierarchy takes the form of an organisation, instead of a loose
collective of fighters, and official leadership results in a group’s ability to ensure compliance
with its rules and orders.69 The capacity to control territory and to carry out an attack are direct
consequences of having a working organisational structure, and as such having a responsible
command makes that a NSAG is seen as an organisation and can thus have the capacity to have
rights and obligations endowed upon them. 70
Lastly, it seems evident that NSAGs are in actual possession of these rights, obligations,
and competences under international law.71 Under Common Article 3 to the Geneva
Conventions and Additional Protocols, NSAGs are deliberately addressed as ‘each Party to the
Conflict’, thus meaning subjects that are not states. Under these articles, upon them are imposed
obligations vis-à-vis hostilities, the civilian population, and even sentencing and judicial
issues.72 Additionally, customary international law also provides armed groups with obligations
such as principle of distinction and the equality of belligerents.73 From the Geneva Conventions
NSAGs also derive their rights, as their recognition as an actor in the conflict imposes upon the
state that they are fighting with the same obligations under IHL. As such, NSAGs’ wounded
are cared for, their fighters are to be treated humanely, and they are not to be tortured or
subjected to degrading treatment. 74 It is thus not difficult to realize that NSAGs have rights and
obligations, especially due to their inclusion in international legislation dealing with noninternational armed conflict. However, because of their subordinate position, NSAGs do not
have the possibility to participate in the law-making process, cannot actively decide to which
rules to adhere, and do not have the ability to enforce compliance of the law of their opponents. 75

ICJ, Case Concerning Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua (Nicaragua v United States
of America) (Merits, Judgment) ICJ Reports 1986 (Nicaragua Case), para 109-110.
69
Murray (n 46) 71-72.
70
ibid 72-75.
71
Vincent Bernard, ‘Editorial: Understanding Armed Groups and the Law’ (June 2011) 93 International Review
of the Red Cross 261, 266.
72
Geneva Convention (I) for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the
Field (adopted 12 August 1949, entered into force 21 October 1950) 75 UNTS 31 (GCI), art. 3 (Common Article
3).
73
ICRC, Customary International Humanitarian Law: Volume 1: Rules (Cambridge University Press 2009).
74
Common Article 3 (n 72).
75
Waschefort (n 45) 235.
68

15

It can thus be concluded that NSAGs have some type of international legal personality
that is subordinate to that of the state. As Gus Waschefort describes: ‘if it is accepted that
NSAGs have a limited form of legal personality, they have the legal personality of the worst
kind.’76 With this he implies that although NSAGs are considered an international legal person,
this brings with it mainly negative consequences such as being subject to all the rules that other
entities decide for them. Many of the positive sides, such as contributing to the development of
the law, creating treaties and other international rules, and being taken seriously as a party to a
conflict are still missing for NSAGs. As such, they have a defective legal personality.
To conclude, NSAGs are to be considered legal actors on the international plane and
subsequently are deserving of adequate attention, both to their conduct and the soft law
instruments regulating their behaviour.
2.2 Why is National Armed Conflict Regulated by International Law?
A second question that deserves some brief attention is why the relationship between the state
and NSAGs is regulated by international law at all, as one could argue that this is an internal
situation which is solely for the state to regulate without any external interference.
The UN possesses international legal personality as argued by the ICJ in the Reparations
for Injuries Case and discussed in the previous section, and therefore its activities regarding the
gradual increase in certain matters elevating from an exclusively internal affair to an
international concern is of importance. The discussion of the previous section outlines how
international law developed from being purely state focused to a system that gradually
expanded into including other non-state actors such as international organisations, NGOs and
individuals. This development was accompanied by (or possibly caused by) an expanse of the
involvement of international law into areas which were formerly exclusively the internal
domain of the state. 77 The unviability of the interference in another state’s internal affairs is
outlined in article 2(7) of the UN Charter, which stipulates that the UN is prohibited from
intervening in matters which are essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of any state.78
However, an exception to this prohibition of interference can be found in article 39,
which provides the Security Council with the possibility to determine the existence of a threat
to the peace and can take measures accordingly.79 This article was utilized by the Security

Waschefort (n 45) 235.
Daboné (n 39) 396–397.
78
UN Charter (n 40) art. 2(7).
79
ibid art. 39.
76
77

16

Council to set certain grave human rights issues occurring on the territory of a member state on
the international agenda. For example, in the years following World War II the UN General
Assembly adopted multiple resolutions condemning South Africa and their regime of apartheid,
claiming that ‘the United Nations and the international community have a special responsibility
toward the oppressed people of South Africa and their liberation movements…’, which led to
the adoption of certain measures such as the establishment of a special committee on apartheid,
boycotts, the breaking off of diplomatic relations, arms embargoes and the UN urging South
Africa to end their regime of apartheid.80 Thus, the UN has recognized certain domestic issues
as being grave enough to be considered an international concern on which the international
community must act.
Additionally, the UN recognized civil war in itself as an international concern. In
Prosecutor v. Tadić, the International Criminal Court for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) argued
its jurisdiction based on the fact that even if the Yugoslavia conflict was an internal issue, it
would ‘constitute a threat to the peace according to the settled practice of the Security Council
and the common understanding of the United Nations membership in general’. 81 It argued that
it has been established in the history of the UN that threats to the peace on which the UN may
act, includes internal armed conflicts.82 It sees internal conflict as a potential threat to
international harmony as it can have a great impact on world peace and human rights, and any
conflict can transcend boundaries and cause refugee crises or have an impact on surrounding
states.83 As the policeman of the world, keeping an eye on domestic situations to prevent them
from escalating and becoming an international issue is the responsibility of the UN.
However, most important is the fact that states together agreed to officially document
that internal conflicts are of such an importance and grave concern to be regulated by
international rules, thus partially giving up their sovereignty to have other states have a say in
how they are to handle their internal struggles. This transition was unthinkable up until much
of the twentieth century, when states considered war-making capacities to be an absolute power
attributed to the state and thus, situations of internal conflict were to be considered the domaine

‘United Nations and Apartheid Timeline 1946-1994’ (South African History Online, 27 August 2019)
<https://www.sahistory.org.za/article/united-nations-and-apartheid-timeline-1946-1994> accessed 23 October
2020; see for example UNGA Res 1761 (November 1962) UN Doc A/Res/1761(XVII); UNSC Res 311 (February
1972) UN Doc S/Res/311.
81
ICTY, Prosecutor v. Tadić (Decision of the Appeals Chamber) (October 1995) para. 30.
82
ibid.
83
Ruth Gordon, ‘UN Intervention in Internal Conflicts: Iraq, Somalia and Beyond’ (1994) 15 Michigan Journal
of International Law 519, 525-526.
80

17

réservé of the state and its own responsibility to regulate.84 The gradual change in this position
was due to two main factors: the role of the ICRC and the elevated status of human rights.
In numerous international conferences leading up to the Geneva Conventions of 1949,
the ICRC had submitted draft articles that included clauses to make internal armed conflict the
responsibility of the international domain and have it be subject to the same rules as
international armed conflict. 85 Initially met with fierce opposition by states, throughout the
decades this resistance slowly melted away as many wars were fought across Europe, exposing
the suffering of civilian populations involved in conflict and the massive infringement on their
rights and breaches of international law by the state.86 The concern for human rights and the
view that the rights of the state are not to be placed above humanitarian considerations finally
led states to agreeing that humanitarian laws should at least extend part of their benefits to noninternational conflicts, leading to the adoption of Article 3 Common to the Geneva
Conventions, which famously paved the way for a more extensive legislation regarding noninternational armed conflicts.87 The importance of this one article is not to be understated, as it
was famously described a ‘convention in miniature’.88
One of biggest obstacles to the adoption of any regulations dealing with armed conflict
not of an international character proved to be the legal status of the non-state parties involved
in internal armed conflict. The main fear expressed by states was that any mentioning of
insurgent parties in international law would provide such groups with legitimacy, supporting
their cause and hindering the state’s ability to restore internal order. 89 To this avail, the last
sentence of Common Article 3 reads that ‘the application of the preceding provisions shall not
affect the legal status of the Parties to the conflict’, a sentence that was considered a conditio
sine qua non, or essential condition for even starting to discuss international regulation of noninternational armed conflicts.90 It makes it clear that this article was born out of humanitarian
concerns and not political, and that recognition of an internal conflict does not alter the legality
of the insurgent group in any way. Although the concern of states of legitimizing NSAGs is
understandable, from a legal point of view being a subject of international law does little to

Sandesh Sivakumaran, The Law of Non-International Armed Conflict (Oxford University Press 2012) 9; Elder
(n 8) 38.
85
Sivakumaran ‘Law’ (n 84) 30–39.
86
ibid 40–42.
87
ibid.
88
Jean S. Pictet, Commentary to the I Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded
and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field (International Committee of the Red Cross Geneva 1952) 48.
89
ibid 43-44, 60-61; Murray (n 46) 34.
90
Common Article 3; Elder (n 8) 68.
84

18

alter a group’s legitimacy. 91 A legal subject of international law can still be an illegitimate
entity: the concepts of legitimacy and international legal personality are not to be confused.
Attributing international legal personality to NSAGs merely recognizes the reality of internal
situations and acknowledgment of who the actors are on the international plane. 92 Additionally,
it makes the law more embedded in reality and therefore operational; it does not in any way
alter the legitimacy of armed groups.
In short, it has taken time for NIACs to be regulated by international law, as the concern
over the committed human rights violations grew and the international community felt the need
to establish rules and obligations to which states and other parties must hold themselves
accountable regarding internal conflict. This relatively late acceptance also explains why the
law of NIACs is underdeveloped vis-à-vis the more heavily regulated international armed
conflict. The development of the law regarding NIAC does not stop with the Geneva
Conventions and Additional Protocol II. Whereas it used to be only included in IHL,
increasingly aspects of international human rights law are also applicable to NIAC.93
2.3 How are Non-State Armed Groups Bound by International Humanitarian Law?
How is an entity that is fundamentally opposed to the state bound by the rules agreed upon by
that very same state, without having any input as to the specific regulations? Understanding the
legal relationship between NSAGs and international legislation is essential for this research.
The view that IHL binds armed groups is to a large extent accepted.94 The question that remains
is on which legal basis this view is based. Multiple arguments can be made to explain how
NSAGs are legally bound by IHL, five of which deserve serious consideration.
The first argument is that NSAGs are bound by IHL because the rules contained therein
belong to customary international law, therefore being applicable to NSAGs on the basis that
no ratification of a state intermediary was necessary anyway; they are bound purely on the rules’
customary status. Customary international law binds all entities with international legal
personality under international law.95 In addition, the ICRC itself explicitly states that
customary international law is applicable to NSAGs.96 This argument seems to be true for
Murray (n 46) 35–36.
ibid.
93
Sivakumaran ‘Law’ (n 84) 2.
94
ibid 236; Nicaragua Case (n 68) para. 216-220; Jann K. Kleffner, ‘The Applicability of International
Humanitarian Law to Organized Armed Groups’ (June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross 443, 443.
95
Sandesh Sivakumaran, ‘Binding Armed Opposition Groups’ (April 2006) 55 International and Comparative
Law Quarterly 369, 373.
96
’Customary Law’ (International Committee of the Red Cross) <https://www.icrc.org/en/war-and-law/treatiescustomary-law/customary-law> accessed 8 December 2020.
91
92

19

provisions which seem to be of such nature. For example, the rules contained in Common
Article 3 have obtained customary status, being applicable globally regardless of ratification.97
The problem with this argument arises when one considers international rules that are
not as widely accepted, such as certain provisions of Additional Protocol II. 98 The ICTY has
stated in Tadić that they are authorized to apply treaties which were binding on the (state) parties
at the time of offence, including those that contain rules not of a customary nature. 99 Provisions
of APII, or other (future) new treaties dealing with NSAGs would therefore never be binding
upon these groups, which defeats the very purpose of concluding the treaty and agreeing upon
new rules. Therefore, NSAGs must be bound by non-customary rules of international law by
other means.
The second legal argument uses a similar line of reasoning as the one above, except that
the binding effect of IHL stems from another source of international law, namely general
principles. Like customary international law, general principles are directly derived from the
international law sources recognized in article 38 of the ICJ Statute.100 Because the rules
regulating non-international armed conflict are derived from certain general principles of
international law, such as the principle of humanity, distinction and proportionality, the rules
themselves are also general principles – or so the argument goes. 101 However, more specific
rules are built upon the general principle, which transforms their function in that of a specific
rule, and thus ceasing to be a mere ‘general principle’.102 General principles, as a source of law
included in article 38 of the ICJ statute, should be mainly be seen as filling the vacuum of
unregulated sections of international law, not as being the source which covers the whole area
of international law.103 Even though certain rules of IHL could be binding to NSAGs due to
their status as general principles, just as with customary law, not every rule has achieved such
status and therefore, this argument could not be the reasoning for all rules.
A third argument seeks to derive the applicability of IHL to NSAGs via the treaties
concluded by the state on which territory the armed group is operating on. Only states can
accede to treaties, and the rules on how to interpret treaties are codified in a treaty of their own,
namely the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (VCLT). The argument extends the rules
included in the VCLT regarding third parties to non-state actors, by taking the customary rules
Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 372.
ibid 372–373; Kleffner (n 94) 455.
99
Prosecutor v. Tadić (n 81) para. 143.
100
Statute of the International Court of Justice (n 23) art. 38.
101
Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 376-377.
102
ibid.
103
Thirlway (n 24) 111.
97
98

20

the VCLT itself was based on as a starting point, which provides that treaties create effects for
any international subject (so not just states). 104 Notwithstanding the fact that this line of
reasoning is already based on an Utopian view of how states would treat NSAGs, the fact
remains that NSAGs would need to agree to being bound by IHL.105 Armed groups that do not
express their consent to be bound would still be free from any IHL obligations, and it is exactly
those groups who do not wish to play by the rules that the international community wants to be
bound by IHL the most. 106 And thus, this argument cannot be the main line of reasoning as to
why the whole body of rules governing armed conflict is applicable to NSAGs.
Another argument tries to argue that NSAGs are bound by the treaties that the state
signed because their existence is derivative of that same state. When a state signs a treaty, it
binds the state and its (future) subjects, not that particular government. 107 It thus stands to reason
that when a NSAG claims to be the continuation of the state that signed international legislation,
this new state is bound by its obligations. This argument was used as the main reason for the
applicability of Common Article 3 to NSAGs when doubts were expressed as to whether this
article could bind NSAGs at all.108 This argument based on the principle of secession is rejected
by writers because of the fact that most NSAGs do not wish to be associated with the state they
fought against, and see themselves as a new separate entity.109 Thus, this line of reasoning can
only be applicable to those NSAGs that claim to be a new government merely replacing an old
one, ruling over the same state in question, which does not cover the majority of NSAGs. 110
The last argument, which seems to have the most legal support behind it, is based on the
principle of legislative jurisdiction. 111 It entails that non-state actors are bound by IHL because
they operate on the territory of the state which ratified international legislation.112 A person is
bound by the treaties concluded at the moment of conclusion, stemming from them being a
national living on the territory of that state. Even if a collective of these individuals later rebels

Antonio Cassene, ‘The Status of Rebels under the 1977 Geneva Protocol on Non-International Armed
Conflicts’ (April 1981) 30 International and Comparative Law Quarterly 416, 423; Cedric Ryngaert, ‘Non-State
Actors in International Humanitarian Law’ in Jean d’Aspremont (eds), Participants in the International Legal
System: Multiple Perspectives on Non-State Actors in International Law (Taylor & Francis Group 2011) 284, 287288.
105
Cassene (n 104) 425–426.
106
Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 377–379.
107
ibid 379.
108
Pictet (n 88) 51.
109
Raphaël van Steenberghe, ‘Non-State Actors from the Perspective of the International Committee of the Red
Cross’ in Jean d’Aspremont (eds), Participants in the International Legal System: Multiple Perspectives on NonState Actors in International Law (Taylor & Francis Group 2011) 217; Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 379-380.
110
Pictet (n 88) 51; Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 380.
111
Kleffner (n 94) 445.
112
Ryngaert, ‘Non-State Actors’ (n 104) 285-286.
104

21

against that same state, this does not relieve them of their international obligations: it stems
from the territory of the state, not the government itself.113 After all, law binds men, not abstract
entities, as is also exemplified by the establishment of the International Criminal Court, which
prosecutes persons responsible for international crimes, not states themselves.114
The main criticism of this argument seems to focus on states that have a dualist approach
to international law, which entails that international law has to be actively transformed into
domestic law for it to generate legal effects for individuals. However, the International Law
Commission has stated in the Nurnberg trials that international law imposes its rules on
individuals regardless of whether these obligations have been transformed into domestic law.115
For example, the prohibition on spying and sabotage as included in IHL treaties does not exempt
individuals from undertaking such activities on the argument that it only concerns the state. 116
Individuals themselves, just as the state, must adhere to rules of international law such as the
obligation not to target civilians, the prohibition of taking hostages, and the inviolability of
medical and religious personnel and so on. The ICRC also endorses this legal argument, based
on state practice. 117 For example, the ICRC held that the National Liberation Front for South
Vietnam was bound by the Geneva Conventions because they were operating on the territory
of Vietnam, which in turn had ratified these treaties.118 This argument thus seems to explain
best how NSAGs are bound by IHL without having a part in its conclusion itself.
This is not to say that NSAGs wholeheartedly agree with this position. Therefore, as
Ryngaert argues, the international community should seek to secure the consent of NSAGs to
be bound to IHL, as it is imperative for them to be able to express their desire to follow
humanitarian rules.119 This can either be done through direct expressions to be bound to IHL
by NSAGs, as the ICJ recognized in the Nuclear Tests Case that unilateral acts of states can be
considered sources of international law, or through direct accession to treaties by NSAGs. 120
Thus, there is not one answer that explains why NSAGs are bound by IHL. However,
the theory based on legislative jurisdiction carries the most widespread support and is based on
sound legal reasoning. Therefore, it can be concluded from the foregoing that NSAGs possess
international legal personality, and because they operate on the territory of a state that has the
Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 381.
ICC Rome Statute (n 25) arts. 22-33.
115
Sivakumaran, ‘Binding’ (n 95) 385; Ryngaert, ‘Non-State Actors’ (n 104) 286-287.
116
International Military Tribunal Nuremberg, ‘Trial of The Major War Criminals before The International
Military Tribunal ‘(1947, Nuremberg) Vol. 1, 223.
117
Van Steenberghe (n 109) 213-216.
118
ibid 215.
119
Ryngaert, ‘Non-State Actors’ (n 104) 289-292.
120
ibid.
113
114

22

power to impose obligations on the people residing on its territory, they are bound by IHL
concluded by that state.
2.4 Legal Right of Existence for Non-State Armed Groups
The discussion above has outlined the peculiar position that NSAGs occupy within the
international system. Additionally, NSAGs are often portrayed as illegitimate nuisances which
serve only to challenge the authority of the state. However, NSAGs are often born out of real
discontent with many different factors which are the responsibility of the state, such as the
neglect of basic human amenities, human rights, or active suppression of minority groups.
Therefore, a look must be taken at whether under international law there exist some
justifications for the existence of NSAGs.
The illegality of NSAGs comes from their resort to violence to achieve their means.
After all, political movements working to pursue independence from a nation are in most
instances legal and rather common all over the world, such as the Basque and Catalan
independence parties in Spain, the Parti Québécois in Canada pursuing the independence of
Quebec, the Kirat Janabi Workers Party aiming to secede from Nepal, the multiple political
parties seeking an independent Balochistan, and so on. Once secessionist movements resort to
violent means to achieve their goals, the state they are trying to secede from, as the monopoly
to use force rests with any government, has the legal right to suppress such violent conduct.
However, there exist two possible – and disputed – possibilities under international law under
which the conduct of NSAGs could be considered legal, namely the right to self-determination
and the right to rebel.
NSAGs often seek to cut a new territory out of existing states, such as ISIL’s attempt to
create an Islamic State out of parts of Iraq and Syria, the PKK attempting to form a united
Kurdistan out of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey, or the KLA pursuing an independent Kosovo
breaking away from Yugoslavia and Serbia. Whether such a practice is legal under international
law has been an issue for decades which started with the inclusion of article 1(2) of the UN
Charter, which sought to provide oppressed peoples with the legal basis to seek independence
in the form of self-determination.121
Self-determination was from its first inclusion in international legal doctrine a
revolutionary and ambiguous concept.122 Initially intended to be the legal basis for countries
UN Charter (n 40) art. 1(2).
Martti Koskenniemi, ‘National Self-determination Today: Problems of Legal Theory and Practice’ (April
1994) 43 International and Comparative Law Quarterly 241, 241.
121
122

23

under colonial rule to seek freedom from their colonial oppressors, the question quickly became
whether there existed a right of self-determination for peoples seeking independence outside of
the colonial context. Self-determination offers a principal basis on which political entities can
be constituted to encompass a ‘people’ or ‘nations’, which thus works contradictory to the
territorial integrity of the state as also included in the UN Charter.123 The fairly recent example
of Kosovo seceding from Serbia has not given a conclusive answer whether it is allowed, and
the famous landmark case Reference Re Secession of Quebec pointed towards the right of
people to pursue internal self-determination, meaning self-determination within the existing
framework of the state.124 The Canadian Supreme Court in that case stated that it was unclear
whether a right to secession existed in cases where internal self-determination was frustrated,
but felt that tackling that question was outside of the scope of their consideration. 125
There thus seems to exist no legal right to pursue self-determination through the use of
force for NSAGs, but as Ben Saul describes, ‘they do not breach international law by using
force defensively against its forcible denial.’ 126 However, in practice, to pursue independence
through means of force is often met with severe retaliation by the state. Saying that the right to
self-determination enables NSAGs to gain independence would clash with the harsh reality,
which is that any act that seeks to break up the state’s territorial integrity is met with severe
resistance from the government. The reluctance of confirming the existence of the right to selfdetermination outside of the colonial context is made difficult by the fact that on the
international stage only state actors have the power to define what is legal and what is not. 127
Then, possibly, does there exist a right to rebel under international law which permits
the resort to violence in certain cases? Megret has identified four areas where jus insurrectionis
might be justified under international law: resistance to colonization and imperialism, resistance
to aggression and illegal occupation, resistance to international crimes and atrocities, and
resistance to tyranny and totalitarianism. 128
The first is accepted especially under the right of self-determination, and the second has
an international character to resist a foreign power. The last two categories however can ideally

ibid 246; UN Charter (n 40) art. 2(4).
Reference re Secession of Quebec (1998) 2 SCR 217 (CA), para. 126.
125
ibid, 134-135.
126
Ben Saul, ‘Defending ‘Terrorism’: Justifications and Excuses for Terrorism in International Criminal Law
(2006) 25 Australian Year Book of International Law Online, 177, 184.
127
Klaus Schlichte and Ulrich Schneckener, ‘Armed Groups and the Politics of Legitimacy’ (2015) 17 Civil
Wars 409, 414.
128
Frédéric Mégret, ’Causes Worth Fighting For: Is There A Non-State Jus Ad Bellum?’ in Aristotle
Constantinides and Nikos Zaikos (eds), The Diversity of International Law: Essays in Honour of Professor
Kalliopi K. Koufa (Martinus Nijhoff Publishers 2009) 171, 185.
123
124

24

be justifications for NSAGs to use force in cases human rights violations by oppressing
governments. As is the case with self-determination, the ambiguity regarding the status of the
existence of such a right is not surprising considering the authoritative status of the state.
However, many modern-day states are born out of rebellions which retrospectively are
celebrated and taken as cases exemplifying the power of the people over the state. The Dutch
Revolt against the Spanish in 1568 marked the beginning of the present-day Netherlands, the
American Revolution of 1765 is celebrated as a justified revolt to gain independence over the
British, and the French Revolution of 1789 is globally perceived as a just course of action by
the people. More recent examples pointing towards the confirmation of the existence of the
right are the Russian Revolutions after World War I, the Unification of Germany in 1989, the
Ukrainian uprisings of 2004, and the Arab Spring in the early 2010s. The opposition towards
the right to rebel however can also be extracted from these examples, as governments always
strike down at the revolutionaries accusing them of acting illegally against the state.
The possible legal basis for the right to rebel can be found in the preamble of the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), which reads ‘it is essential, if man is not
compelled to have recourse as a last resort to rebellion against tyranny and oppression, that
human rights should be protected by the rule of law’.129 This provision points towards a right
to rebellion to be used as a last resort where human rights are oppressed by the government.
Rebellion can never be used where other (non-violent) means of securing justified aims are
available.130 The core duty of the state is to care for its subjects, and when it is in such serious
and sustained breach of this duty which results in a breach of the contract between subject and
state, there seems to be no option but to employ the last resort tactic of rebellion. 131 However,
the UDHR is not a legally binding document, and as such, it does not contain a right that can
be directly relied upon, and subsequent international legislation has unsurprisingly not included
such a direct reference, as such an inclusion could potentially lead to the overthrow of
democratically elected governments or lead to political destabilisation. 132
Thus, international law does not positively grant the right to rebel, whilst simultaneously
not specifically prohibiting them either. 133 This compares to the responsibility to protect
doctrine, an equally ambiguous legal justification for states to intervene in the affairs of another

Universal Declaration of Human Rights (adopted 10 December 1948) UNGA Res 217 A(III), preamble.
Tony Honoré, ‘The Right to Rebel’ (Spring 1988) 8 Oxford Journal of Legal Studies 34, 54.
131
ibid 53.
132
Annyssa Bellal, ‘What Are ‘Armed Non-State Actors’? A Legal and Semantic Approach’ in Ezequiel Heffes
et al. (eds), International Humanitarian Law and Non-State Actors (T.M.C. Asser Press 2020) 21.
133
ibid.
129
130

25

country if grave human rights violations are at stake, famously employed in Libya in 2011. It
seems that under international law resistance towards a government based on human rights
violations finds itself in a legal limbo, awaiting more practical situations that can be analysed
to determine a clearer legal status.
2.5 The Role of the International Committee of the Red Cross
Because this thesis seeks to increase IHL compliance by NSAGs by further increasing the
effectiveness of ICRC efforts, some legal questions regarding the ICRC must be answered. In
the following section, certain questions regarding the ICRC’s activities and legal mandate will
be explored, in order to establish a firm basis for this research. Because the conclusions of this
thesis are ultimately aimed at the ICRC, it is vital to firmly establish where its activities
originate from. Therefore, this section will answer the questions of where the ICRC’s obligation
to disseminate IHL comes from, what exactly is included in its legal mandate, and lastly,
whether, because of the specific application of IHL to situations of armed conflict, the ICRC’s
can continue its activities outside of this context. All these questions will be answered to ensure
that the conclusions of this thesis can be fully used to develop the goal it has set out to do:
increase NSAG’ compliance with IHL.
Firstly, the ICRC is a unique organisation in many ways. It was founded in 1863 by the
Swiss Henri Dunant, who witnessed a complete lack of care or medical attention for wounded
soldiers at the battle of Solferino, inciting him to starting an international campaign establishing
private aid societies focussing on providing care for those injured in armed conflicts.134 In
protecting those left vulnerable by armed conflict, the ICRC quickly made it its goal to strive
for greater protection for such victims, both through direct medical aid and in assisting in the
development of a comprehensive legal framework. 135 From its foundation, the ICRC and IHL
have been intrinsically linked and intertwined with one another, with the law being mainly
developed by the efforts of the ICRC, which simultaneously has taken on the role of ‘the
guardian of IHL’. 136 It was the ICRC that urged states to come together and agree on a set of
rules applicable in armed conflict, which ultimately resulted in the adoption of the Geneva
Conventions.

David P. Forsythe and Barbara Ann J. Rieffer-Flanagan, The International Committee of the Red Cross: A
Neutral Humanitarian Actor (2nd edition, Routledge 2016), 1.
135
ibid 47.
136
ibid 44; International Committee of the Red Cross, ‘The ICRC: Its Mission and Work’ (March 2009) Policy
7.
134

26

The unique character and classification of the ICRC can also be recognized in the
Geneva Conventions themselves, where the organisation is directly conferred upon obligations
and is provided with a legal mandate to fulfil its objective. It is extremely rare and unique that
an organisation is directly given rights and obligations in a set of state-concluded treaties. The
organisation established by Henri Dunant is a private association founded under Swiss law, but
unlike other companies or NGOs which have their origins in domestic law, the ICRC is directly
addressed by the international community of states through treaties and as such, can be said to
fall somewhere between an NGO and intergovernmental organisations such as the UN. 137 In
addition, the ICRC in its statutes, describes itself as ‘enjoying a status equivalent to that of an
international organisation and has international legal personality in carrying out its work.’138
The Swiss origin of the ICRC which is up to this day being upheld, and the fact that it is not
being influenced by states, is considered a useful requisite and even necessary for the effective
performance of its functions and in safeguarding its core principles of neutrality, impartiality
and confidentiality.139
Additionally, this shows why the international community of states decided to provide
the ICRC with a specific mandate under the Geneva Conventions. The part of this mandate
relevant for the current research, which can be found in the Geneva Conventions, is summarized
by the ICRC itself as follows: ‘In Non-International Armed Conflicts, the ICRC enjoys a right
of humanitarian initiative recognized by the international community and enshrined in Article
3 Common to the Four Geneva Conventions’.140 This provision reads that ‘an impartial body,
such as the International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to
the Conflict’, leaving open what exactly is meant by ‘services’.141
At first sight, this open-ended provision seems to provide a thin legal basis to base all
ICRC activities on. Jean Pictet, in the official commentary on the Geneva Conventions,
describes this paragraph as ‘appearing at first sight to be merely decorative and without any real
significance.’142 However, as he continues, ‘it is of great moral and practical value. Although it
is extremely simple, it is adequate, and the International Committee itself asks for nothing

Els Debuf, ’Tools to do the Job: the ICRC’s Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities (June 2015) 97
International Review of the Red Cross 319, 323.
138
International Committee of the Red Cross, ‘Statutes of the International Committee of the Red Cross’
(adopted 21 December 2017, entered into force 1 January 2018), article 2(2).
139
ICTY, Prosecutor v. Simić et al Case No. IT-95-9 (Decision on the Prosecution Motion under Rule 73 for a
Ruling Concerning the Testimony of a Witness) (27 July 1999) paras 72-74.
140
‘The ICRC’s Mandate and Mission’ (International Committee of the Red Cross)
<https://www.icrc.org/en/mandate-and-mission> accessed 8 April 2021.
141
Common Article 3 (n 72).
142
Pictet (n 88) 58.
137

27

more.’143 The implications this mere sentence has on the activities of the ICRC is found in the
fact that the activities of the ICRC in NIAC are often met with resistance, viewing the
organisation as interfering in the internal affairs of the state. With the adoption of Common
Article 3, the ICRC is now legally entitled to offer its services, and parties to a conflict can no
longer view the involvement of the ICRC as an unfriendly act or external interference, applying
to both the state and NSAGs.144 This legal right is called the right of initiative. 145
Not only the Geneva Conventions provide the ICRC with its humanitarian mandate. The
organisation’s founding statutes include reference to maintaining and disseminating the
fundamental principles of the Movement, namely humanity, impartiality, neutrality,
independence, voluntary service, unity and universality, the tasks incumbent upon it under the
Geneva Conventions and to work for the faithful application of IHL applicable in armed
conflicts, and to endeavour at all times to ensure the protection of and assistance to military and
civilian victims of armed conflicts.146 Most importantly, although the founding statutes of the
organisation cannot be considered an international treaty as such, they are binding upon all
states parties to the Geneva Conventions, as states explicitly recognised the existence of the
International Red Cross and in doing so, that body’s statutes are applicable to the states parties
in their entirety.147 Therefore, all states acknowledge the role of the ICRC in armed conflicts.148
In addition, the ICRC’s education and dissemination efforts can also be discerned from
this legal basis. Article 47 of the First Geneva Convention imposes upon the High Contracting
Parties, meaning states, the obligation to disseminate the text of the Geneva Conventions as
widely as possible in their respective countries, so that the principles thereof may become
known to the entire population, in particular the armed forces. 149 However, it is international
organisations, led by the efforts of the ICRC, that actively work towards the dissemination of
the law and have set up extensive education and training programmes. This function stems from
abovementioned legal basis and can be said to fall within the core function of the ICRC as the

143

ibid.
ibid; Steven R. Ratner and Rotem Giladi, ’The Role of the ICRC in the Enforcement of the Geneva
Conventions’ (June 2015) 15-11 Hebrew University of Jerusalem Legal Research Paper 1, 13.
145
Nishat Nishat, ‘The Right of Initiative of the ICRC and Other Impartial Humanitarian Bodies’ in Andrew
Clapham et al (eds), The 1949 Geneva Conventions: A Commentary (Oxford University Press 2015) 495, 496.
146
ICRC ‘Statutes’ (n 138) arts. 4(a), 4(c) and 4(d).
147
François Bugnion, ‘Red Cross Law’ (1995) 308 International Review of the Red Cross 491, 501-502.
148
Anne Quintin and Marie-Louise Tougas ’Generating Respect for the Law by Non-State Armed Groups: The
ICRC’s Role and Activities’ in Ezequiel Heffes et al (eds), International Humanitarian Law and Non-State
Actors (T.M.C. Asser Press 2020) 353, 357.
149
GC1 (no 7) art. 47.
144

28

‘guardian of IHL’ and generating respect for IHL.150 In its statutes, which as discussed above
are binding on all states, the ICRC describes firstly the right of initiative; ‘the ICRC may take
any humanitarian initiative which comes within its role as a specifically neutral and independent
institution and intermediary….’151 This right of initiative, both in Common Article 3 and the
ICRC’s statutes, do not specify or limit the kinds of services which may be offered, and the
practice of the ICRC has shown that such activities include maintaining dialogue with all parties
to a conflict with a view of addressing violations of IHL, which includes IHL dissemination,
training, and education.152 As such, the educational activities of the ICRC in NIAC seem to be
grounded in a firm legal basis.
Abovementioned article 4(2) also provides the basis for the ICRC’s activities outside of
an armed conflict context. In practice, the ICRC has done so, and the practice of states has
shown that this conduct is accepted. 153 It would also be contrary to the principles of the ICRC
and incompatible with its role as the guardian of IHL if it had to cease its efforts in times where
armed conflict was not occurring. Additionally, article 5(1) of the ICRC’s statutes directly
includes the obligation of the ICRC to ensure further respect for IHL: ‘The ICRC … with the
National Societies … shall cooperate in matters of common concern, such as their preparation
for action in times of armed conflict, respect for and development and ratification of the Geneva
Conventions, and the dissemination of the Fundamental Principals of the Movement and
international humanitarian law.’ 154
As such, the ICRC has a clear legal basis found in both the Geneva Conventions and its
founding statutes that allow for educational and dissemination efforts with NSAGs, both within
and outside of an armed conflict context. Establishing exactly what the mandate of the ICRC is
serves to ensure that the conclusions of this thesis can be used effectively to further NSAG’
IHL compliance.
2.6 Incentives to Follow International Humanitarian Law by Non-State Armed Groups
Although the foregoing sections have shown that NSAGs are bound by IHL, unfortunately this
does not mean that NSAGs perfectly adhere to all its rules and regulations. Adherence by
NSAGs is still seen as a key objective of the Security Council, the ICRC, and NGOs like Geneva
Quintin and Tougas (n 148) 357; for an example of the ICRC’s efforts to prevent violations of IHL, see
Daniel Muñoz-Rojas and Jean-Jacques Frésard, ‘The Roots of Behaviour in War: Understanding and Preventing
IHL Violations’ ICRC (2004) 1.
151
ICRC ‘Statutes’ (n 138) art. 4(2).
152
Nishat (n 145) 505.
153
ibid 506.
154
ICRC ‘Statutes’ (n 138) art. 5(1).
150

29

Call.155 But adherence to IHL is not a top-down approach forced solely by the state upon armed
groups. NSAGs themselves also have incentives to adhere to IHL, which will be discussed in
this section. These incentives to follow IHL are derived from interviews, discussions, and codes
of conduct from NSAGs and as such, there is no real legal weight to be attached to them.
Additionally, because of the nature of armed groups, this area of research is underdeveloped, a
gap in which this research seeks to position itself. 156 Knowing why NSAGs adhere to IHL can
seek to increase further adherence, as understanding what factors are important to NSAGs in
respecting the law can lead to better compliance in the future. 157 Understanding a problem is
the first step to solving it.
The decision for armed groups to decide to respect IHL can be divided into three main
arguments. Firstly, NSAGs adhere to IHL because of who they are and how they want to be
perceived. Although many people and especially governments tend generalize all NSAGs as
being ‘terrorists’ and ‘war criminals’, this is not the case (see section 1.4).158 NSAGs can have
legitimate aims, such as attempting to further the position of their repressed ethnic or religious
group, and want to be seen as the ‘defender of the defenceless’.159 Adhering to IHL and its
provisions dealing with civilian populations is thus in line with the objective of NSAGs,
incentivizing their respect to it. 160 Additionally, NSAGs follow IHL because of their own
convictions, meaning the principles they believe in based on personality, religion, ethnicity,
morality, or ideology. If IHL codifies these principles, adherence to IHL seems logical. 161 For
example, laws based on the Bible, Koran or Torah and IHL have very similar provisions dealing
with civilians and recognize the vulnerable position of women and children alike. 162 Another
factor that influences adherence based on how NSAGs wish to be perceived is their concern for
their external perception. Avoiding violations of IHL and being perceived as playing by the

UNSC Report of the Secretary-General on the Protection of Civilians in Armed Conflict (May 2009) Un Doc
S/2009/277, 8-10; ICRC, ‘IHL and Non-State Armed Groups’ in ICRC, International Humanitarian Law and the
Challenges of Contemporary Armed Conflicts: Recommitting to Protection in Armed Conflict on the 70th
Anniversary of the Geneva Conventions (2020); ‘What We Do’ (Geneva Call)
<https://www.genevacall.org/what-we-do/> accessed 26 October 2020.
156
Due to the underdevelopment of this field of study, the following information can largely be credited to a
single work by Olivier Bangerter, ‘Reasons why Armed Groups Choose to Respect International Humanitarian
Law or Not’ (June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross 353.
157
Bangerter (n 156) 354.
158
ibid 358.
159
Ashley Jackson, ‘In Their Words: Perceptions of Armed Non-State Actors on Humanitarian Action’ (May
2016, Geneva Call), 12.
160
Bangerter (n 156) 358–359.
161
ibid 359–360.
162
ICRC, ‘The Operational Impacts of Islamic Law with Dr. Ahmed Al-Dawoody’ (Intercross the Podcast,
2019) <https://open.spotify.com/episode/00vfhUdNlKeG889C54KCj0?si=UOJl0MBjQJaCRftepQb4bA>
accessed 17 October 2020.
155

30

rules increases legality of the group and avoids being seen as a terrorist group or the ‘bad guys’,
and can create more respect, support and understanding from the public, aiding the objectives
of most NSAGs.163
The second main argument is that NSAGs will adhere to IHL because they can use it to
their own advantage. Since armed groups are often at a disadvantage due to their (il)legal status,
and their main enemy being the state, they seek to maximize their military advantages. IHL
should not merely be seen as a set of rules that limits what a party to a conflict can do, it can
work advantageously.164 A set of rules sets a certain standard that creates a chain of positive
effects. IHL creates discipline under the troops, which leads to less illegal activities such as
looting or sexual violence. This in turn can increase the morale of the troops, for treating the
civilian population humanely creates more support.165
This has as an additional effect that this loyalty and logistical, financial and moral
support by the local population leads to an increase of the legality of the struggle of the armed
group, which contributes to the insurgent group’s chances of survival.166 Moreover, adherence
to IHL means treating captured government soldiers humanely. This can lead to a weakening
of the enemy, as government soldiers who fear for how they are going to be treated by the
NSAG are more inclined to fight to the death or use more gruesome tactics to keep out of the
hands of the NSAG. If they know that their enemy treats them well, they will thus surrender
more easily, which thus leads to a military advantage for the armed group. 167 This has the
additional benefit of increasing the chances of better conditions for insurgent fighters captured
by the government, as the government might act reciprocally vis-à-vis the treatment of their
soldiers.168 The last advantage is that respect of IHL can increase the likelihood of the NSAG’s
objectives being fulfilled. Talks of peace are easier to conduct when both parties played by the
rules, and atrocities and grave civilian population treatments decrease the chances of peace and
of NSAG possibly being awarded more internal self-determination or autonomy.169
Lastly, adherence to IHL also occurs because of what it is and what it represents. It is
accepted universally because of its civilized and moral nature. IHL is seen as what is acceptable
in the world and has as its goal to protect vulnerable people and objects, a concept that is
inherent to human nature, meaning that actively disrespecting IHL norms seems a contradictory
Bangerter (n 156) 360–361.
ibid 361.
165
ibid 362.
166
ibid 362–364.
167
Bangerter (n 156) 365.
168
ibid 366.
169
ibid 365-366.
163
164

31

act.170 Many of the rules in the Geneva Conventions are codifications of customary rules,
meaning rules that society as a whole has accepted as being the norm, developed not from just
from societal but also regional, tribal and religious principles.171 Certain values have developed
independently of each other in different cultural circumstances, showing how they are intuitive
to human nature. 172 Respect for IHL should thus be the normal and natural course of action.
To conclude, often there is little nuance in classifying NSAGs. Their supporters often
view them as noble freedom fighters, whereas governments and other states see them as
outlaws, terrorists, or savages. In reality, the diversity between NSAGs shows that both exist.
There are groups with reasonable goals that share similar values and principles as governmental
forces. Although their adherence to IHL is far from perfect, neither is the track record of states’
adherence to IHL. This is not to defend the position that NSAGs are exempt from complying
with IHL; it is merely to say that the non-compliance argument wielded by governments cannot
be the sole reason for painting NSAGs as terrorists and disregarding them. That NSAGs can
adhere to international norms is exemplified by NGO Geneva Call’s deeds of commitment,
which resulted in a wide range of NSAGs voluntarily signing a total ban on anti-personnel
mines.173
For states, there seems to exist an engagement dilemma: they do not want to provide
NSAGs with a seat at the table to help create and monitor IHL in danger of attributing them any
legality, but by leaving NSAGs out of the equation IHL adherence will always lack. 174 As
Ryngaert explains, ‘one can only be subject to the writ of the law, and be expected to comply
with the law, if one has participated, however indirectly, in the formation of this law.’ 175
2.7 Incentives to Disregard International Humanitarian Law by Non-State Armed Groups
In addition to the reasons why NSAGs choose to adhere to IHL, there are also reasons why
these groups choose not to adhere to the law. Again, this is important because it better positions
the current research into the field of study of NSAGs and IHL by recognizing all their
considerations and to better adjust IHL compliance efforts with the considerations of NSAGs.
Just like the arguments used in favour of IHL used above, these arguments can be deployed by
certain groups. The discussion below will collect the reasonings used most often by NSAGs.
ICRC ‘Operational Impacts’ (n 162).
Bangerter (n 156) 367–368.
172
ICRC ‘Operational Impacts’ (n 162).
173
Stefanie Herr, ‘Binding Non-State Armed Groups to International Humanitarian Law – Geneva Call and the
Ban on Anti-Personnel Mines: Lessons from Sudan (2010) Peace Research Institute Frankfurt, PRIF-Report No.
95, 5-6.
174
ibid 4.
175
Ryngaert ’Non-State Actors’ (n 104) 285.
170
171

32

There are five main overarching themes that capture what NSAGs’ underlying reasons
are for disregarding IHL. Firstly, as used as a positive argument above, the reasoning of ‘who
we are’ can also be utilized as reasons for non-compliance with IHL. Many NSAGs exist to
fight against the current system and seek to position themselves outside of the status quo,
attempting to restructure the international legal system. These ‘noble goals’ to fight for a
repressed part of a nation seemingly provides NSAGs with a license to put current rules and
norms next to it in justification of a noble end of freedom and the end of repression. 176 In
addition, arguing for increasing the dissemination efforts of IHL, a lack of knowledge of what
precisely is prohibited under IHL is also recognized as a reason not to follow it.177 Especially
when realizing under which circumstances many NSAGs operate, in secrecy and without access
to lawyers or international aid, often non-compliance stems from simply a lack of knowledge.178
The second main argument deployed is that by nature NIAC is asymmetrical, heavily
favouring governmental forces with their access to resources and manpower. This leaves
NSAGs to have to treasure and utilize every small advantage they can get and as such, a lack
of restrictions on the use of weapons and tactics is often taken at the expense of IHL. The use
of children for example is explicitly prohibited by IHL, but unfortunately this prohibition is
often disregarded by NSAGs because they need to make up for their lack of soldiers in some
way to be able to pursue their goals and resist the governmental forces. However, using these
immoral practices often loses NSAGs any support they might have had with the local
population, further decreasing their access to vital resources.179
Thirdly, NSAGs are often a last resource tactic and as such, have nothing left to lose
and are willing to take immense risks that violate norms of both domestic and international laws
in a last attempt to accomplish change. In addition, there is little incentive for NSAGs to adhere
to IHL once they have been put in the corner of rebels, terrorists, or guerrilla fighters. Once the
label has been attached to them, not even IHL compliance can raise their status and as such, it
decreases the incentive to comply to IHL.180 In essence, compliance with IHL only limits what
NSAGs can do, and brings them no advantages.181

Bangerter (n 156) 368.
Marco Sassòli, ’Challenges Faced by Non-State Armed Groups as Regards the Respect for the Law
Governing the Conduct of Hostilities’ in E. Greppi and G.L. Beruto (eds), Conduct of Hostilities: The Practice,
the Law and the Future (San Giuliano Milanese: FrancoAngeli 2014) 171, 172.
178
Bangerter (n 156) 369–370.
179
ibid 370–372.
180
Florquin and Decrey Warner (n 37) 18-20; Bangerter (n 156) 377–379.
181
Sassòli ‘Challenges’ (n 177) 172.
176
177

33

Fourthly, armed conflict is often born out of a series of events where both parties assign
responsibility to the other party for starting the hostilities. It is often a chicken and egg story,
where one party claims that the conduct of their adversary led them to retaliate, and the other
party declaring that that particular action was the real spark that started the conflict. In a similar
vein, violations of IHL often occur in a response to a party experiencing that the other party is
acting in violation of IHL. This leads them to adopt a rhetoric of ‘if they are not following IHL,
why would we’, which in turn leads the other party to mirror their conduct to that of the
adversary. In this sense, NSAGs often disregard IHL out of a sense of revenge for the lack of
adherence to IHL by warring parties. 182
The last argument used to not adhere to IHL is not due to any external factors or ideas:
it is disregard for the law because NSAGs choose to do so based on what IHL is or what it
represents. Some might see IHL as the invention of lawyers that think too idealistically or see
it as a creation of Western states or international organisations that NSAGs do not want to
comply with.183 Because IHL is founded by states, and NSAGs by nature are often opposed to
the state, they will often view the rules made by the latter to be irrelevant or not binding on
them, as they hardly mention NSAGs and are state-centric.184
To conclude, the foregoing two sections have collected arguments used by NSAGs to
give possible justifications for why they do or do not choose to adhere to IHL. Understanding
these reasons can further increase IHL compliance by recognising the considerations made by
NSAGs in their relationship with IHL.

Bangerter (n 156) 379–380.
ibid 380–382.
184
Sassòli ‘Challenges’ (n 177) 171; Jackson (n 159) 13.
182
183

34

Chapter 3: Common Article 3
3.1 Introduction
3.1.1 Adoption
Common Article 3 to the Geneva Conventions has been universally ratified and as such,
it forms the basis of rules regulating non-international armed conflict. As discussed in section
2.2, Common Article 3 was the result of decades of consideration and a difficult trade-off
between states not willing to give up sovereignty and risk external interference in their internal
affairs, and an increasing need to prevent grave human rights violations by the state vis-à-vis
their insurgent subjects. The latter concern proved pressing enough to pave the way for the
adoption of Common Article 3 in 1949, which provided situations of internal armed conflict to
be subject to certain minimum standards of humanity. Because it is the outcome of deliberations
between all states and is globally ratified and applicable, its standards are the codification and
embodiment of truly foundational principles of both armed conflict and humanity in general.
Because of the minimal scope of the article, those provisions that have been included
should not be distant norms to NSAGs, and their inclusion in their internal communications
points towards a truly global respect for these rules and obligations in the sense that it is not
just states that recognise them as such but groups and individuals as well. Therefore, a very
close look will be taken at the provisions of Common Article 3 and the acknowledgment of its
norms in NSAGs’ internal communications will be assessed in detail.
3.2 Non-International Armed Conflict
3.2.1 Non-International Armed Conflict in Common Article 3
Common Article 3 firstly provides the definition of an internal conflict by defining what
it is not – an international conflict. The article is applicable ‘in the case of armed conflict not
of an international character occurring in the territory of one of the High Contracting Parties’,
from which two separate elements can be derived. The territorial criterion included in this
provision is in a way redundant because of the universal ratification of the Geneva Conventions
and as such, there is no territory in which they are not applicable. 185 Even in the very unlikely
event of withdrawal from the Geneva Conventions or discovery of new territory, the ICJ in
Nicaragua recognized the customary status of the article, rendering it applicable even in these
cases.186
‘States Parties to the Following International Humanitarian Law and Other Related Treaties as of 9-Nov-2020’
(International Committee of the Red Cross, 9 November 2020) accessed 17 November 2020.
186
Nicaragua Case (n 68) para. 218.
185

35

The second criterion requires an armed conflict to exist for this article to be applicable,
leaving the question open as to what exactly is to be considered an armed conflict. This term is
open to interpretation, and as Commentator to the Geneva Conventions Jean Pictet describes,
‘the more specific a list tries to be, the more restrictive it becomes’,187 meaning that the more
criteria a definition includes, the more specific cases will fall outside of the scope of such a
definition Being specific creates many exceptions. As such, this definition should be effective
in encompassing all conflicts that it seeks to include.
However, because the main subject of the article, the state, is to determine the existence
of an internal armed conflict, it is often hesitant to bind itself to the norms included in Common
Article 3. The open-endedness of the definition then becomes its weakness; the state argues that
the vagueness and lack of clear criteria places this specific conflict outside of the scope of the
article and thus prevents it from being bound by its norms.188 To prevent this from happening
and to provide a clearer idea of when a conflict can be classified as an non-international armed
conflict, in the years following the adoption of the Geneva Conventions, certain criteria were
developed by academia and International Courts, of which two have emerged as key criteria. 189
Firstly, a criterion that meets little opposition is that NSAGs must possess some degree
of organisation, distinguishing them from individual looters or rioters, which through such
sporadic actions could not be considered a party to the conflict.190 Organisation is important
because it ensures that a party to a conflict is capable of carrying out the obligations imposed
upon them by Common Article 3. 191 Organisation entails a responsible command structure,
disciplinary rules, military lines and a capacity to exercise authority over the subordinates. 192
The second key criterion is that a situation must reach a certain degree of intensity to be
considered an internal armed conflict. Intensity can mean an increase in amount or seriousness
of attacks, involvement of combatants, or even attention by the UN.193 This requirement seeks
to distinguish internal armed conflict from other domestic situations such as riots or
spontaneous actions. These two factors were endorsed, confirmed and developed upon by the
ICTY. In the 1995 Tadić case, the Court gave its own definition of a NIAC, namely ‘a situation

Pictet (n 88) 54.
Lindsay Moir, The Law of Internal Armed Conflict (Cambridge University Press 2002) 33-34.
189
Jann K. Kleffner, ’The Legal Fog of an Illusion: Three Reflections on ‘Organization’ and ‘Intensity’ as
Criteria for the Temporal Scope of the Law of Non-International Armed Conflict’ (2019) 95 International Law
Studies 161, 165.
190
Moir (n 188) 36.
191
ibid.
192
Moir (n 188) 36; Kleffner (n 185) 168-169.
193
Kleffner (n 189) 165; ICTY, Prosecutor v. Boškoski and Tarčulovski, Case No. IT-04-82-T (Trial Chamber II
Judgment) (10 July 2008) para. 177.
187
188

36

of protracted armed violence between governmental authorities and organized groups or
between such groups within a state.’ 194 In subsequent cases, more extensive detailed situations
were described to test whether the threshold of intensity and organisation had been met, but
these are additions to these two key criteria and as such, considering the scope of this research,
will be left outside of the current considerations. Organisation and intensity as criteria for NIAC
have been endorsed by national military manuals, the ICRC, and the ICC, and as such seem to
be guiding in the determination of the existence of a NIAC.195
3.2.2 Non-International Armed Conflict and Non-State Armed Groups
The applicability of Common Article 3 to NIACs is thus reliant on the nature of the conflict, on
the organisation of the NSAGs, and the intensity of the conflict. As explained above, the state
ultimately decides whether the threshold of a NIAC has been reached and as such, it would be
to the benefit of NSAGs to remove any ambiguity as to their status, as not being recognized as
being a party to the conflict would result in their conduct not being regulated by international
law and them being fully subject to domestic legislation, which often is not lenient towards
secessionists.196 As such, fulfilling the criterion of organisation would ensure the applicability
of IHL to NSAGs. To be recognized as being ‘organised’, the ICTY in Boškoski identified a
number of indicators which point towards the fulfilment of the criterion, meaning that not all
the requirements have to be fulfilled to qualify for organisation, but they provide indications
towards this.197 These indicators are the existence of a command structure, the military capacity
of the armed group, the logistical capacity of the armed group, the existence of an internal
disciplinary system and the ability to implement IHL, and the armed group’s ability to speak
with one voice.198
Across the assessed documents, many rules concern themselves with hierarchy,
subordinacy, military discipline and so on. Almost all instruments assess at least one of the
abovementioned criteria. The vast majority of them make some reference to the existence of a
command structure, which can be recognized in rules such as the Viet Cong rule ‘I will obey

Prosecutor v. Tadić (n 81) para. 70.
Kleffner (n 189) 164-165; Prosecutor v. Boškoski and Tarčulovski (n 193) para. 175.
196
See for example: Santiago Cabanas Ansorena, ‘Spain Isn’t Imposing Excessive Punishment on Catalonia’s
Leaders. It’s Enforcing the Law.’ (Foreign Policy, 14 November 2019) accessed 20 February 2021.
197
Prosecutor v. Boškoski and Tarčulovski (n 193) para. 193.
198
ibid paras. 194-203; Rogier Bartels, ’The Organisational Requirement for the Threshold of Non-International
Armed Conflict applied to the Syrian Opposition’ (Armed Groups and International Law, 9 August 2012)
<https://armedgroups-internationallaw.org/2012/08/09/the-organisational-requirement-for-the-threshold-of-noninternational-armed-conflict-applied-to-the-syrian-opposition/> accessed 8 March 2021.
194
195

37

the orders from my superiors under all circumstances’,199 the Sudan People’s Liberational
Army’s ‘The lower ranks of the SPLA shall obey the higher ranks and the higher ranks shall
respect the lower ranks’,200 or the FARC’s explicit listing of all ranks in their forces, from
Candidate for Commander to Commander in Chief of the Central High Command. 201
In addition, the sworn loyalty and obedience to the orders of higher ranked soldiers is
included in most of the codes, oaths and standing orders. A form of military capacity, meaning
the control of territory, the use of military tactics and division of territory into zones, is
addressed occasionally, such as the Armée de Libération Nationale’s ‘encourage the troops to
move as much as possible, to regroups whenever they have been scattered, and to engage in
offensive moves as often as they can’,202 or the ‘every officer, cadre or militant must strive to
master military science in order to gain more capability so that we are in a position to defend
the people more efficiently’ by the National Resistance Army. 203
Similarly, logistical capacity, meaning the ability to train and recruit troops and have in
place working supply chains is also difficult to distinguish, although some reference to the
training regulations in place can be recognized in rules such as the regulations from the Moro
Islamic Liberation Front who outline standards and training policies, and sporadic reference to
marches or other trainings. 204 Some documents refer to internal disciplinary systems, ranging
from more formal regulations such as the Unit Disciplinary Committee from the National
Resistance Army,205 the Kosovo Liberation Army’s ‘immediate measures of isolation,
disarmament and escort to the KLA organs of military justice are to be undertaken against the
perpetrators of criminal offences or violations of military discipline’,206 to the more
unsophisticated Irish Republican Army’s ‘breaches of the guerrilla code – must be severely
dealt with on the spot’.207
Although the explicit mention to IHL does not, under this indicator, point towards an
ability to implement it, it does show a willingness, such as the Local Coordination Committee’s

‘II.3. Viet Cong, Vietnam, no date’.
‘III.4 Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA), Sudan, 2003’.
201
FARC ‘Belligerence’ (2005)
<https://web.archive.org/web/20050204145424/http://farcep.org/pagina_ingles/documents/beligerence.html>
accessed 10 December 2020’; ‘I.2. Conseil National de Libération (CNL), Democratic Republic of the Congo,
1963’.
202
‘II.1. Armée de Libération Nationale (ALN), Algeria, 1956’.
203
’II.6. National Resistance Army (NRA), Uganda, 1982’.
204
‘V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2000’; ‘V.2. African National Congress (ANC),
South Africa, 1985’; ‘II.5. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981’.
205
‘II.6. National Resistance Army (NRA), Uganda, 1982’.
206
‘IV.5. Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), Kosovo, 1998’.
207
‘II.2. Irish Republican Army (IRA), Northern Ireland, 1956’.
199
200

38

‘I will respect … the international laws governing human rights’,208 the Moro Islamic
Liberation Front’s adherence to specific international legislation such as the Optional Protocol
to the Convention on the Rights of the Child and UN Security Council Resolutions, 209 or
Colombia’s FARC and ELN obliging their leaders and combatants to study and comply with
the rules of IHL that are applicable to their revolutionary war.210 Lastly, the armed groups ability
to speak with one voice, meaning that the leaders can speak for the members, seems to be
derived from the numerous pledges of complete loyalty to the chiefs, leaders or commanders
of the NSAGs.211
Thus, internal communications of NSAGs across the board seek to establish their
organisational structure, but it is unclear whether they intentionally do this to fulfil this
organisational criterion, or whether it is done out of a necessity to preserve organisation and
discipline within the group. Because the primary function of these documents is to regulate the
conduct of the members of the organisation, an increase in the number of rules relating to
organisational structures can point towards an effort to decrease ambiguousness as to their
status and increase their legitimacy. Internal communications can thus serve as evidence as to
the existence of a solid organisational structure that fulfils the ‘organisation’ criterion of being
regarded a party to the conflict under the first provision of Common Article 3.
3.3 Affected Persons
3.3.1 Affected Persons in Common Article 3
Common Article 3 continues with a provision taking the principle of distinction into account.
It states:
‘persons taking no part in the hostilities, including members of armed forces who have laid down
their arms, and those placed hors de combat by sickness, wounds, detention, or any other cause,
shall in all cases be treated humanely, without any adverse distinction founded on race, colour,
religion, or faith, sex, birth or wealth, or any other similar criteria.’

‘V.8. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2010’.
‘IV.7. Local Coordination Committees, Syria, 2012’.
210
‘V.10. Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC) and Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN),
Colombia, 2009’.
211
See for example ‘IV.6. Mouvement des Nigériens pour la justice (MNJ), Niger, possibly 2006’; ‘V.4.
Revolutionary United Front (RUF), Sierra Leone, no date’; ‘IV.1. Haganah, Israel, 1920’.
208
209

39

The Geneva Conventions of 1949 are the first codified instruments allocating civilians a
special status under public international law. 212 It sought to codify the rules applicable to
armed conflicts whilst creating separate rules for those who fight and those who do not,
creating the problem of how to exactly distinguish between the two. 213 However, modern
warfare has evolved in such a way that this distinction had become increasingly vague.
Battles up until the end of the nineteenth century were very distinguishable events, with
professional armies fighting each other at a distinct location for a period of time. This created
a very clear distinction between armies and civilian populations, a concept that became much
more blurred in the twentieth century which saw wars evolve into more constantly ongoing
events which involved the civilian population much more directly. 214 As a result, even
though the 1949 Geneva Conventions codified the principle of distinction, the specific
separation of the two groups of combatants and civilians remains vague.
This distinction is even more problematic in the case of non-international armed
conflicts, as fighters belonging to armed groups have no professional status as a combatant
due to their illegitimacy according to the state. Therefore, the distinction between civilians
and combatants is blurred to such an extent in these conflicts that the legal status of
combatant ceases to exist, stripping NSAG fighters from combatant privilege and prisoner
of war status.215 But treating those taking up arms against the governments as civilians would
pose an obvious problem in that state combatants would not be able to target them, meaning
they cannot actively target NSAG fighters. Some argue that belligerent fighters can only be
targeted as long as they exercise their ‘continuous combat function’, and once they lay down
arms, they resort back to being civilians. 216 However, in recognizing the practical application
of IHL and realizing the realities of NIAC, it would be counterproductive to not recognize
combatant status in NIAC. Treating NIAC not as an armed conflict between two groups of
armed forces undermines the reality of such situations and additionally, creates an
unbalanced set of rules for different parties.217

Helen M. Kinsella, The Image before the Weapon: A Critical History of the Distinction between Combatant
and Civilian (Cornell University Press 2011) 112.
213
ibid 113.
214
Jann K. Kleffner, ‘From ‘Belligerents’ to ‘Fighters’ and Civilians Directly Participating in Hostilities – on the
Principle of Distinction in Non-International Armed Conflicts One Hundred Years after the Second Hague Peace
Conference’ (2007) Netherlands International Law Review 315, 317.
215
ibid 321-322.
216
Geoffrey Corn and Chris Jenks, ‘Two Sides of the Combatant Coin: Untangling Direct Participation in
Hostilities from Belligerent Status in Non-International Armed Conflicts’ (2011) 33 University of Pennsylvania
Journal of International Law 313, 316.
217
ibid 362.
212

40

Although indirectly, Common Article 3 does seem to recognize the existence of a
dissident combatant, but like the definition of what constitutes a non-international armed
conflict, the concept of a combatant seems to be derived from what a civilian is not. 218
Civilians are also not directly mentioned in the article, but ‘persons taking no part in the
hostilities, including members of armed forces who have laid down their arms and those
placed hors de combat by sickness, wounds, detention, or any other cause …’ cannot be
targeted, respecting the principle of distinction and the inviolability of non-combatants. This
can be concluded from reading this provision in conjunction with a), which prohibits them
from being subjected to violence of life and person, which an active targeting of such person
would amount to. The status of combatant can be derived from this provision as well, as
‘members of armed forces who have laid down their arms’ implies the legal existence of
armed forces who have not laid down their arms, meaning active fighters. 219
The second part of this provision reads that all those ‘civilians’ mentioned are to be
treated humanely. In addition, it provides that there cannot be discriminated on ‘race, colour,
religion or faith, sex, birth or wealth ….’ These possible reasons for discrimination were felt
to be necessary to be included, as international armed conflicts have the inherent division
between parties of nationality, whereas internal dividing factors are often race, religion, or
political ideology.220 The inclusion of ‘any other similar criteria’ serves to leave no possible
justification on the table, ensuring that no legal loophole to justify discrimination on another
factor can be successful. 221 The requirement of humane treatment entails the absolute
minimum standards that humans are to be treated by and distinguishes them from animals or
objects, taking into account principles of humanity and dignity. 222 Although this concept is
seemingly straightforward and not expanded upon in the other international legal
instruments, it is considered the leitmotiv of the Geneva Conventions.223 Humane treatment
is highly dependent on the specific situation, taking into account sex, age, culture, physical
and mental state, religion and other similar factors.224 In addition, the following section of
the articles includes acts that are specifically prohibited to ensure humane treatment.

ibid 318.
Kleffner (n 214) 324.
220
Pictet (n 88) 55.
221
ibid.
222
Lindsay Cameron et al, Commentary on the First Geneva Convention: Convention (I) for the Amelioration of
the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field (Cambridge University Press 2016) 194.
223
Cordula Droege, ‘In Truth the Leitmotiv’: The Prohibition of Torture and Other Forms of Ill-Treatment in
International Humanitarian Law’ (2007) 89 International Review of the Red Cross 515, 516.
224
Cameron et al (n 222) 193.
218
219

41

3.3.2 Affected Persons and Non-State Armed Groups
Although there exists some ambiguity as to exactly when a dissident fighter can be targeted,
the fact remains that some form of the principle of distinction distinguishing between
civilians and combatants can be derived from Common Article 3. However, this is more
important for the targeting of belligerent fighters, meaning those that belong to a NSAG. For
the NSAGs themselves, the principle of distinction is much clearer, as the majority of NIAC
occur between NSAGs and government forces. To what extent do NSAGs endorse the
principle of distinction in their internal communications?
Almost every examined document addresses the principle of distinction in some way.
This is not surprising given the nature of most NSAGs. Resistance against the government
is often done out of the name of ‘the people of the country’, describing them as ‘brothers’ or
‘friends’, or to relieve the suppression of the oppressing force on the people of the country. 225
It is often said that winning the hearts and minds of the people is essential in gaining their
support to conduct operations against the government, because NSAGs need amenities that
local civilians can provide such as shelter, food, and supplies.226 Actively focusing civilians
would defeat that purpose and hinder the capabilities of NSAGs to fight against government
forces. As such, it becomes apparent from the assessed documents that often an active
distinction is made between innocent civilians and active fighters, the latter only being
allowed to be targeted.
Although this principle is addressed across all communications, the exact
prohibitions and permissions range from extremely clear to ambiguous and open to
interpretation. For example, the National Transitional Council very clearly states to ‘only
target Qadhafi forces … permissible targets include fighters, building, facilities … used for
a military purpose.’227 Another clear example is used by the United Jihad Council: ‘each
constituent group will ensure its Mujahideen shall not target any non-combatant; nonMuslim men, women and children’,228 or the by the Mouvement des Nigériens pour la
justice, which took an oath and swore on the Koran that they ‘will never harm or attack

See for example ‘IV.1. Haganah, Israel, 1920’; ‘IV.4 Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres (EGP), Guatamala,
possibly 1983’; ’Taliban Issues Code of Conduct’ (Al Jazeera, 28 Jul 2009)
<https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2009/7/28/taliban-issues-code-of-conduct> accessed 20 May 2021.
226
Vincent Bernard, ‘Interview with Ali Ahmad Jalali’ (June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross
279, 284-285; FARC ‘Belligerence’ (2005)
<https://web.archive.org/web/20050204145424/http://farcep.org/pagina_ingles/documents/beligerence.html>
accessed 10 December 2020.
227
‘V.11. National Transitional Council (NTC), Libya, 2011’.
228
‘III.7. United Jihad Council (UJC), Pakistan-India (Kashmir), 2005’.
225

42

civilians.’229 Some also adhere to more specific rules of IHL which prohibit the targeting of
persons placed hors de combat, such as China’s People’s Liberation Army: ‘our army will
not kill … any Guomingdang soldiers and officers who have laid down their arms’,230 or
‘[our objective] … is directed only against fighting troops and not to non-fighting
personnel.’231
The majority of instruments include some reference to the principle of distinction,
albeit in a more cryptic manner open to interpretation, although they still seem to have as a
goal to not hurt civilians and only focus efforts on targeting and weakening enemy military
targets. Basic rules often proclaim that it is forbidden to attack, kill, abuse or target civilians,
where others go further and extend this to the prohibition of improper behaviour, insults,
shouting, or even annoying civilians. 232 Other examples highlight the other side of the
principle of distinction, meaning the active targeting of enemy combatants, for example in
the ALN’s ‘pursue the destruction of enemy forces,’233 or the previously mentioned National
Transitional Council example.234 Another interesting example is the motivation for the IRA’s
change in their interpretation of who can be targeted: ‘in September 1969 the existing
conditions dictated that the Brits were not to be shot, but after the Falls curfew all Brits were
to the people acceptable targets.’235
Some references take the principle of distinction into account, although more in an
indirect manner. The Taliban for example has as a rule that ‘who has killed civilians during
the Jihad may not be accepted into the Taliban movement’, 236 implying that acting contrary
to the principle of distinction comes with negative consequences.
It is impossible to distinguish between targeting combatants and civilians if weapons
or tactics used are unable to discriminate between the two. For example, the ELN includes
that ‘military operations shall be carried out against enemy forces in such a way as to avoid

‘IV.6. Mouvement des Nigeriéns pour la justice (MNJ), Niger, possibly 2006’.
‘I.1. Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army/People’s Liberation Army (PLA), China, 1947’.
231
‘V.7. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2006’.
232
See for example: ‘III.6. Lord’s Resistance Army, Uganda, 2005’; ‘II.6. National Resistance Army (NRA),
Uganda, 1982’; III.4. Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA), Sudan, 2003’; ‘I.4. Sendero Luminoso (Shining
Path), Peru, possibly 1981’; ‘I.2.Conseil National de Libération (CNL), Democratic Republic of the Congo,
1963’; ‘III.5. Ejército Zapista de Liberación Nacional (EZLN), Mexico, 2003’; ‘IV.7. Local Coordination
Committees, Syria, 2012’.
233
‘II.1. Armée de Libération Nationale (ALN), Algeria, 1956’.
234
‘V.11. National Transitional Council (NTC), Libya, 2011’.
235
’Text of Irish Republican Army (IRA) ‘Green Book’ (Book I and II)’
<https://cain.ulster.ac.uk/othelem/organ/ira/ira_green_book.htm> accessed 18 December 2020.
236
‘A New Layeha for the Mujahideen’ (signandsight.com, 29 November 2006)
<http://www.signandsight.com/features/1071.html> accessed 13 March 2021.
229
230

43

indiscriminate attacks’, 237 and the MILF’s prohibition to use anti-personnel mines due to
their inherent indiscriminate nature. 238 Although the MILF has the explicit mention to this
prohibition in their internal communications, the NGO Geneva Call has facilitated a Deed
of Commitment banning such landmines signed by thirty-six non-state actors from thirteen
different countries.239
The principle of distinction is thus adhered to and endorsed by NSAGs. Almost all
NSAGs include some rules as to who can be targeted and who should be actively protected.
Civilians and ‘the people’ are not to be targeted, and military efforts should be focussed
against enemy combatants. As such, NSAGs can be said to be fully aware of the principle of
distinction and endorse this principle in their conduct.
3.4 Specifically Prohibited Acts
3.4.1 Specifically Prohibited Acts in Common Article 3
Sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) include specifically prohibited acts vis-à-vis the persons mentioned
in the first provision of this article. Sub-paragraph (a) prohibits ‘violence to life and person,
in particular murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel treatment and torture’. Violence to life
and person entails committing acts harming either the physical and mental integrity of a
person, including violence, starvation, or not providing medical care. 240 Murder is mentioned
specifically, and the addition ‘of all kinds’ serves to ensure that disparities in national laws
which have different criteria regarding murder or wilful killing do not result in specific cases
falling outside of the scope of this provision.241 ‘Mutilation, cruel treatment and torture’,
meaning the permanent disfiguration of persons, a serious mental or physical attack upon
human dignity, and the intentional infliction of severe pain or suffering with the object of
obtaining information or a confession. 242
Sub-paragraph (b) prohibits the ‘taking of hostages’, meaning the seizure, detention
or otherwise holding of a person accompanied by the threat to kill or injure that person in
order to compel a third party to do or to abstain from doing any act as an explicit or implicit
condition for the release, safety or well-being of the hostage.243 It is important to note that it

‘III.3. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, possibly 1998’
‘V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2000’.
239
Geneva Call, ‘The Third Meeting of Signatories to Geneva Call’s Deeds of Commitment’ (November 2014)
Summary Report.
240
Cameron et al (n 222) 204–205
241
ibid 206–207.
242
ibid 208-222.
243
ibid 223.
237
238

44

can occur that persons are first lawfully detained, and once the criteria of the definition are
fulfilled during the detention it can transform into a situation of hostage-taking.244 Hostagetaking is prohibited explicitly because the practice goes against the modern idea of justice in
that it is based on the principle of collective responsibility for crime. 245
Sub-paragraph (c) seems to reiterate the general obligation of humane treatment and
repetition of the prohibition of cruel treatment of sub-paragraph (a). It reads that ‘outrages
upon personal dignity, in particular humiliating and degrading treatment’ are prohibited.
However, this provision focusses more on the intent behind an act, being humiliation,
degradation or any other attack on human dignity, leading to any reasonable person being
outraged.246 Prohibited acts can again both be physical or mental, and include the
performance of sexual acts or being subjected to sexual violence, to act as human shields or
trench diggers, or other acts that have a high impact on the respect and dignity of a person. 247
Lastly, sub-paragraph (d) prohibits ‘the passing of sentences and the carrying out of
executions without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court, affording
all of the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized people.’ It
seeks to ensure that no judgment is passed without a fair trial and by an independent and
impartial court.248 Due to the nature of NSAGs and to ensure that this provision can be
adhered to in practice, ad-hoc courts or general courts constituted by armed groups can issue
judgments in accordance with this provision if they are established in accordance with the
laws of the NSAG.249 NSAG cannot realistically be expected to issue justice through state
courts, and if only those courts would be allowed under Common Article 3 to issue fair trials,
compliance by NSAGs would be difficult to obtain.
3.4.2 Specifically Prohibited Acts and Non-State Armed Groups
The specifically prohibited acts included in Common Article 3 outline some of the most
basic prohibitions under NIACs. To what extent do NSAGs’ internal communications
conform to these provisions?
Firstly, subparagraph (a) prohibits, in relation to the persons mentioned previously in
the article, the ‘violence to life and person, in particular murder of all kinds, mutilation, cruel

ibid 224.
Pictet (n 88) 54.
246
Cameron et al (n 222) 226.
247
ibid 228-229.
248
Pictet (n 88) 54.
249
Cameron et al (n 222) 235-237.
244
245

45

treatment and torture.’ This provision is included in most of the assessed instruments in a
very indirect manner, as the prohibition to hurt civilians is found all across. However, some
specific reference is also made to the prohibition of murder and torture. The FARC and ELN
establish ‘murder and any kind of proven outrages committed against the population’ 250 as a
crime, as does the Libyan National Liberation Army, which also includes the prohibition of
torture.251 The Local Coordination Committees also prohibit torture and mutilation. 252
However, seen in conjunction with the principle of distinction as seen above, it is evident
that NSAGs prohibit the explicit targeting of civilians and as such, their murder should be
implicitly prohibited. However, it is noteworthy that very little explicit prohibition of the
specifically prohibited acts in Common Article 3 is made.
Secondly, subparagraph (b) prohibits the taking of hostages. However, only two of
the assessed NSAGs explicitly prohibit this practice. Syria’s Local Coordination
Committees pledged in 2011 to ‘not take any person hostage for ransom’,253 and in the same
year, the Libyan National Liberation Army took a similar stance, issuing that the taking of
hostages was ‘totally prohibited in all situations’.254 Although none of the other documents
explicitly state that hostage taking is a deployable tactic, conduct by groups such as Boko
Haram kidnapping schoolboys and girls in Nigeria to discourage western education, or a
coalition of more than twenty armed opposition groups taking over 200 hundred people
hostage has displayed that it does not seem to be a condoned practice. 255 Famously, the
FARC utilized the taking of hostages for exerting pressure on the Colombian government,
adopting the kidnapping of civilians, soldiers and political figures as official policy, often in
exchange for ransom to finance their activities. 256 In 2012 however, the armed group issued
a statement renouncing the practice, issuing a complete ban, and stated that they sought to

‘V.10. Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC) and Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN),
Colombia, 2009’.
251
’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
252
‘IV.7. Local Coordination Committees, Syria, 2012’.
253
ibid.
254
’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
255
Danielle Paquette, ‘Boko Haram Claims the Kidnapping of More than 300 Boys in Nigeria, Marking an
Alarming Move West’ (The Washington Post, 15 December 2021)
<https://www.newstimes.com/news/article/Boko-Haram-claims-the-kidnapping-of-300-boys-in-15802276.php>
accessed 10 March 2021; Human Rights Watch, ‘Syria: Executions, Hostage Taking by Rebels: Planned Attacks
on Civilians Constitute Crimes Against Humanity’ (Human Rights Watch, 10 October 2013)
<https://www.hrw.org/news/2013/10/10/syria-executions-hostage-taking-rebels> accessed 10 March 2021.
256
Steven Grattan, ‘Colombia’s ex-FARC Leaders Admit Kidnapping and Other Crimes’ (Al Jazeera, 30 April
2021) <https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2021/4/30/colombias-ex-farc-leaders-admit-kidnapping-and-othercrimes> accessed 19 May 2021.
250

46

‘resort to other forms of funding and political pressure.’257 Thus, the prohibition of taking
hostages does not seem to be fully endorsed by NSAGs.
Thirdly, subparagraph (c) prohibits outrages upon personal dignity, in particular
humiliating and degrading treatment. As outlined above, prohibited acts include the
performance of sexual acts or being subjected to sexual violence, to act as human shields or
trench diggers, or other acts that have a high impact on the respect and dignity of a person.
Some reference is made to the prohibition of such acts. The ELN explicitly includes that
‘civilians shall not be used as human shields during combat’, 258 the MILF states that ‘any
cruel, inhuman or degrading practices … are prohibited in all circumstances’, 259 and the
Libyan National Liberation Army obliges soldiers to ‘treat … all persons … with humanity
in all situations without unfair discrimination’, 260 as well as prohibiting any ‘attempts on the
life, health, physical, or mental integrity of persons, by murder, torture, mutilation, or rape,
inhuman or humiliating penalties or coercive operations; all attacks on human dignity’. 261
The Local Coordination Committees pledge to their people that they will refrain from any
behaviour undermining human dignity, and refrain from torturing, raping, mutilating or
engage in degrading treatment. 262
Furthermore, many documents include very vague references to how to treat humans,
which are much open to interpretation, such as the Holy Spirit Movement’s ‘thou shalt love
one another as you love yourself’, 263 or the Shining Paths’ ‘maintain good moral conduct’, 264
as well as the Viet Cong’s ‘I will be polite to the people, respect and love them.’ 265 One can
argue that these rules could embody the prohibition of any such practices as are specifically
included in Common Article 3, but their ambiguousness and open-endedness cannot be said
to be an endorsement of the explicitly prohibited acts as intended by Common Article 3.
Thus, some reference to the acts prohibited by paragraphs (a) to (d) exist, but generally
speaking NSAGs do not go into enough specifics to see them as an endorsement of IHL and
as such, they cannot be said to follow these norms.

Adriaan Alsema, ‘FARC Announces Intention to Release All Hostages, Abandon Kidnapping’ (Colombia
Reports, 26 February 2012) <https://colombiareports.com/farc-announces-to-release-all-hostages-abandonkidnapping/> accessed 10 March 2021.
258
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’.
259
’V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2000’.
260
’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
261
ibid.
262
‘IV.7. Local Coordination Committees, Syria, 2012’.
263
‘II.8. Holy Spirit Movement (HSM), Uganda, 1987’.
264
‘II.4. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981’
265
‘II.3. Viet Cong, Vietnam, no date’.
257

47

Lastly, subparagraph (d) prohibits the passing of sentences and the carrying out of
executions without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court, affording
all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized people. Most
of the inclusions refer to internal regulations to punish their own soldiers for wrongful
conduct as discussed under Section 3.2.2, but no explicit mention is made at all of the passing
of sentences in a fair way vis-à-vis the persons placed hors de combat or taking no active
part in hostilities (civilians) as included in the first sentence of Common Article 3.
The FARC and ELN outline that ‘executions may only be carried out for very serious
crimes committed by enemies of the people and with the express authorization in each case
of each organization’s senior governing body’,266 but no further details are provided. The
only manner in which this provision is indirectly referenced, is when NSAGs proclaim that
they adhere to IHL or IL generally, such as the ELN in Colombia and the MILF in the
Philippines.267 Many NSAGs do have rules in place discussing the treatment of both
prisoners of war and other detained persons, but those rules will be discussed in a later
chapter.
As such, it can be concluded that the specifically addressed act of passing sentences
without judgement, or the right to a fair trial, is not given any attention by NSAGs. However,
it is difficult to attribute this finding to a lack of knowledge or intentional disregard. Due to
a lack of access to courts, NSAGs will find it difficult to have the institutions and systems
in place to conduct fair trials anyway. Therefore, it is difficult to attach too much value to
the lack of recognition of this rule from NSAGs’ internal communications, as the reasons
for its omission cannot clearly be attributed to a lack of knowledge and cannot be solved
merely by ICRC education. However, as the right to a fair trial is considered a core rule in
any criminal judication system, it is still vital that it is known by NSAGs.
In conclusion, specifically prohibited acts do not seem to receive much attention in
NSAGs’ communications. It seems that they are too specific to be included into codes of
conduct, which due to their nature and wide dissemination often aim to provide brief internal
regulations. However, NSAGs must still adhere to IHL and these specifically prohibited acts
and as such, they could benefit from education and training efforts to create awareness about

‘V.10. Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC) and Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN),
Colombia, 2009’.
267
’III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’; V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF),
Philippines, 2000’.
266

48

which conduct is explicitly prohibited under IHL and as such create further compliance and
respect for humanity.
3.5 Wounded and Sick
3.5.1 Wounded and Sick in Common Article 3
Paragraph two of Common Article 3 embodies the founding principles and core values of
humanitarian law and humanitarian aid, namely impartiality in the provision of medical care
and the principle of the neutrality of medical action. 268 It reads ‘the wounded and sick shall
be collected and cared for’, followed by ‘an impartial humanitarian body, such as the
International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services to the Parties to the
conflict.’
The mere existence of Common Article 3 was incentivised by the human rights
violations experienced on European battlefields in the twentieth century, so omitting the core
principles of humanitarian law in this article would have been unthinkable. Given that these
two provisions are mentioned in a new paragraph, they are applicable not only to the noncombatants that were the sole subject of paragraph one and abovementioned specifically
prohibited acts. This implies that ‘the wounded and sick’ can be both military personnel and
civilians, making it the only provision in this article that (indirectly) mentions and addresses
non-international armed conflict combatants.
The terms ‘wounded and sick’ are to be interpreted broadly as to apply to anyone that
is in need of medical assistance. In addition, such persons may not act in a hostile manner.
If one is wounded or sick but still continues to fight, the obligation to care and the duty to
protect are not applicable. 269 The duty to ‘collect and care’ imposes a positive obligation on
the parties to the conflict to search for such persons and remove them from dangerous areas,
to care for them afterwards, and to respect the medical and religious personnel that seeks to
carry out these tasks.270 In addition, ‘an impartial humanitarian body, such as the
International Committee of the Red Cross, may offer its services…’, meaning that the
activities of such organisations must not be interfered with by the parties to the conflict,

François Bugnion, ‘Birth of an Idea: The Founding of the International Committee of the Red Cross and of
the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement: from Solferino to the Original Geneva Convention
(1859-1864) (December 2012) 94 International Review of the Red Cross, suppl. ICRC: 150 Years of
Humanitarian Action 1299, 1304.
269
Cameron et al (n 222) 252-256.
270
ibid 256-265.
268

49

imposing a positive obligation on both state and non-state parties to the conflict to enable
such organizations to carry out their humanitarian activities. 271
3.5.2 Wounded and Sick and Non-State Armed Groups
Again, some reference is made to this founding principle of IHL. As early as 1928, China’s
People’s Liberation Army’s main rules of discipline included a provision stating, ‘give
medical treatment to sick and wounded captives.’ 272 In addition, other references are made
by other NSAGs, such as the ELN, stating that they will ‘give humanitarian treatment to
enemies who have surrendered or been wounded in combat … provide them with the aid
necessary for their condition.’273 The Libyan National Liberation Army urges its personnel
to ‘protect the wounded and sick … provide them with medical care required by their state
of health … without distinction,’274 in addition to imposing the positive obligation to search
for the wounded, sick and missing persons as soon as possible. The MILF also includes a
provision stating, ‘collect and care for wounded combatants.’ 275
However, the majority of NSAGs does not explicitly reference that they shall care
for and collect the wounded and sick from the battlefield. More often they require the care
for the wounded and sick combatants that they have taken captive, so it creates an extra
condition to be deserving of such care. The treatment of such captives will be discussed in a
later chapter, but for now it suffices to conclude that some reference is made to the founding
humanitarian principles of IHL, but that the principle is not unconditionally endorsed. A
possible reason for this is that NSAGs might see the care for wounded combatants as the
function of the ICRC or other humanitarian organisations, and only impose a similar
obligation upon themselves when they have established themselves as the responsible party
over enemy combatants, which is the case when they have taken them captive.
Then how much direct reference is made to the ICRC or other humanitarian
organisations offering their services to the Parties to the Conflict? The National Transitional
Council points towards the importance of this principle, as their internal code that is quite
limited in size includes multiple provisions on the prohibition of targeting medical personnel,
facilities, transports or equipment, as well religious personnel and explicit mentioning of the

Advisory Service on International Humanitarian Law, ‘Respecting and Protecting Health Care in Armed
Conflicts and in Situations Not Covered by International Humanitarian Law’ (ICRC, 2012), 1-2.
272
‘I.1. Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army/People’s Liberation Army (PLA), China, 1947’.
273
‘III.2. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1996’.
274
‘III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
275
V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2000’.
271

50

inviolability of ICRC, Red Crescent and UN personnel. 276 Other codes also make reference
to the respect that must be given to the Red Cross and Red Crescent personnel, the facilitation
of the work of humanitarian organisations, or recognition of their symbols. 277
Again, it does not seem that the work of such organisations is recognized across the
armed groups, and only rarely is explicit mention made of the positive obligation to facilitate
such work in armed conflicts. Some NSAGs, such as the Taliban explicitly order their
soldiers to hinder the work of NGOs, stating that ‘those NGOs … come under the guise of
helping people but in fact are part of the regime … we tolerate none of their activities.’ 278
This is extra problematic in that it gathers purely humanitarian aid under ‘Western
oppression’, which implies that they are aware of the applicable rules but actively choose to
disregard them, further impeding the compliance of IHL. Thus, taking into account negative
attitudes towards the conduct of organisations such as the ICRC and the lack of explicit
mentioning of their status and inviolability points towards this rule of IHL not being
endorsed by NSAGs.
3.6 Special Agreements
3.6.1 Special Agreements and Non-State Armed Groups
The penultimate provision reads: ‘the parties to the conflict shall further endeavour to bring
into force, by means of special agreements, all or part of the other provisions of the present
Convention.’ Common Article 3 seeks to regulate NIACs, but due to the limited specific
rules contained in it and the fact that later APII was necessary to expand on the applicable
laws, it falls short in certain areas. It therefore urges parties to a conflict to agree upon a
more comprehensive set of rules to protect people engaged in the conflict and to limit
suffering.279 These special agreements can take the form of a recognition of applicable rules
drawn upon from human rights law or humanitarian law, a peace or ceasefire agreement, or
an agreement to release prisoners. 280
Naturally, the endorsement of this provision would not be included in existing codes
of conduct. Whereas previously discussed rules, norms and principles of IHL can either be

‘V.11. National Transitional Council (NTC), Libya, 2011’.
V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2000’; ‘III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army,
Libya, 2011’; FARC ‘Belligerence’ (2005)
<https://web.archive.org/web/20050204145424/http://farcep.org/pagina_ingles/documents/beligerence.html>
accessed 10 December 2020.
278
‘A New Layeha for the Mujahideen’ (n 236).
279
Cameron et al (n 222) 284.
280
ibid.
276
277

51

addressed or ignored in codes of conduct, the adoption of separate agreements to recognize
some articles of the Geneva Conventions are by nature instruments to endorse the current
provision. Additionally, this provision differs from the rest of Common Article 3 in that it
does not impose upon NSAGs rules and obligations to adhere to; it serves more to further
clarify and reassure to what extent NSAGs are aware of the Geneva Conventions and which
articles they will strive to adhere to, in addition to Common Article 3. This does not mean
that without issuing such special agreements the applicable law is changed, as their
obligations under IHL remain unchanged and the issuing of such agreements serves to clarify
and ascertain the applicable rules. 281
Additionally, it serves to urge and encourage NSAGs to declare that they adhere to
more articles of the Geneva Conventions to settle in more detail the treatment they will
provide to combatants and civilians, the limitations on the weapons used and so on.282 Until
quite recently, many of these declarations issued by NSAGs were in relation to a particular
conflict and often issued in bilateral agreements between the group and the other party at the
request or assistance of the ICRC, which were often not published and confidential. 283 The
recent work of the NGO Geneva Call has resulted in more of such declarations becoming
public and as such there is a growing amount of source material.284 With all of this taken
into consideration, a look can be taken at whether in practice efforts have been undertaken
by NSAGs to bring into force parts of the Geneva Conventions, in compliance with the
obligation imposed upon them under this provision.
There exist many different forms of unilateral or ad hoc commitments made by
NSAGs. Some are meant to provide the public with the political reasoning for taking up arms
and stipulating the final objectives of the conflict, such as the Chinese People’s Liberation
Army’s Manifesto from 1947, the Ogaden National Liberation Front’s Political Programme
which argues for self-determination against colonial oppression and other crimes committed
against their people, or the Zapatista National Liberation Army declaring that they fight to
gain basic rights such as education and food, and to do so, they will pursue the defeat of the

Mack and Pejic (n 10) 20.
Pictet (n 88) 59.
283
Mack and Pejic (n 10) 20.
284
‘Their Words: Directory of Armed Non-State Actor Humanitarian Commitments’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/?title=&country=&ansa=&document_type=3&year=&__keyword_field=> accessed 18
March 2021.
281
282

52

Mexican Federal Army whilst also making reference to the aim to respect prisoners and turn
the wounded over to the ICRC. 285
Many declarations are in line with the obligation under Common Article 3 to commit
themselves to the Geneva Conventions, either in general or specific terms. As early as 1948,
the Jewish Agency of Palestine declared its commitment to the 1929 Geneva Conventions
in regard of combatants and civilians.286 The South West Africa People’s Organisation
briefly states that ‘fundamental rules protecting the dignity of all human beings must be
upheld at all times’, and therefore it ‘intends to respect and be guided by the rules of the four
Geneva Conventions … and 1977 Additional Protocol.’287 Many other organisations follow
such statements, such as the National Democratic Front of the Philippines pledging
adherence to Common Article 3 and Additional Protocol II issued in a 160 page
commitment,288 the African National Congress of South Africa commitment to ‘respect and
be guided by the general principles of IHL applicable to armed conflicts’ and ‘wherever
practically possible … [they] will endeavour to respect the rules of the four Geneva
Conventions …’,289 and the Kurdistan Workers Party ‘undertakes to respect the provisions
of the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and Protocol I of 1977 … in its conflict with the
authorities and to treat those obligations as having the force of law within its own forces and
the areas within its control.’ 290
However, the majority of unilateral agreements issued by NSAGs focus on specific
issues, issuing statements committing themselves to banning certain conduct. The work
‘Manifesto of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/cn_pla_1947_03-60f514c30801601e9e3a89d86c6dc956.pdf> accessed
18 March 2021; ‘Political Programme of the Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF)’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/et_onlf_02-3c7a7281a188e37a9c88003e82188845.pdf> accessed 20
March 2021; Declaration of War of the Zapista National Liberation Army (EZLN) (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/1_mx_ezln_1994_06-7cc964b9c2a07e7d72c8f346bca97aa0.pdf>
accessed 20 March 2021.
286
Iddie Myerson, D. Ben-Zevie, ‘Comité Exécutif de l’Agence Juive de Palestine et de la Vaad Leumi’ (Geneva
Call) <http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/ps_agence_juive_vaad_leum_1948_015bf0dccc947f8bc96df8f7ac6eaeffa4.pdf> accessed 21 March 2021.
287
‘South West Africa People’s Organisation – SWAPO Declaration to the International Committee of the Red
Cross – ICRC, 15 July 1981’ (Geneva Call) <http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/na_swapo_1981_01c69993289a437a48ccd467ea42798b25.pdf> accessed 24 March 2021.
288
‘Declaration of Undertaking to the Apply the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and Protocol I of 1977, National
Democratic Front of the Philippines’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/1_ph_ndfp_2005_20-11d48a9675a2eaeaba19db0162c8ab09.pdf>
accessed 24 March 2021.
289
‘ANC Declaration to the International Committee of the Red Cross-ICRC 28 November 1980’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/za_anc_mk_1980_01-bd1666a96887dfd0b39c39635360b04f.pdf>
accessed 24 March 2021.
290
‘Declaration of Application of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and Protocol I of 1977, PKK’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_tr_pkk_hpg_1995_06-b6a1feaa089eb4beb4e3c68b4b0d9f58.pdf>
Accessed 24 March 2021.
285

53

aforementioned Geneva Call cannot be understated, as it took the lead on having NSAGs
commit themselves to so called Deeds of Commitment. One of the most recent examples is
the ban on anti-personnel mines, a document which dozens of NSAGs signed.
It is interesting to note which principles of IHL underly the argumentation used by
NSAGs in supporting their decision to adhere to this ban. The majority of NSAGs such as
the Lahu Democratic Front, the Kuku National Organisation, and the Free Life Party of
signed the document issued by Geneva Call itself, noting anti-personnel mines inhumane
and indiscriminate nature, recognizing that their use is not proportional to the aims pursued,
and directly recognizing that they are forbidden to employ them derivate of IHL. 291 Some
organisations however issued their own documents, which better provides their own
reasoning for adhering to this ban. The Republic of Somaliland for example bans the use of
the mines due to their obligations under IHL such as the Ottawa Declaration of 1997, and
address that such mines target, kill and maim innocent civilians and have other severe
consequences even years into the future. Additionally, reference is made to the effect antipersonnel mines have on economic development, refugees, displaced persons, and children
in particular.292 The Sudan Peoples Liberation Army makes a sole reference to the
indiscriminatory nature of such mines, 293 the United Jihad Council refer to wanting to ‘end
the suffering and casualties caused … frequently civilians and especially children’, 294 and
the Taliban also refers to the effect they have on innocent civilians, especially women and
children and how such mines pose an obstacle for the rebuilding of Afghanistan.295
‘Deed of Commitment under Geneva Call for Adherence to a Total Ban on Anti-Personnel Mines and For
Cooperation in Mine Action, Lahu Democratic Front’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_mm_ldf_2007_21-4ed0eb17fb6c940b15ce82f746244ea9.pdf>
accessed 26 March 2021; ‘Deed of Commitment under Geneva Call for Adherence to a Total Ban on AntiPersonnel Mines and For Cooperation in Mine Action, Kuki National Organisation’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_in_kno_kna_2006_02-83b0954f998410f4ac01b3c9e7d9aab3.pdf>
accessed 26 March 2021; ‘Deed of Commitment under Geneva Call for Adherence to a Total Ban on AntiPersonnel Mines and For Cooperation in Mine Action, Free Life Party of Kurdistan’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_ir_pjak_hrk_2010_19-84eb09e0a97b7fe214222c944d517441.pdf>
accessed 26 March 2021.
292
‘Golaha Wakiillada, Somaliland’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_so_somaliland_1999_2355690103586643b84ddd57aace3e74a2.pdf> accessed 28 March 2021.
293
‘Resolution on Problem Posed by Proliferation of Anti-Personnel Mines on Liberated Parts of New Sudan,
Sudan Peoples Liberation Army (SPLM) (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_sd_splm_a_1996_07-f22cfb3dee8032a783d5df4c3d1f2bae.pdf>
accessed 28 March 2021.
294
‘Declaration of a Total Ban on Anti-Personnel Mines in Kashmir, U.J.C’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/ujc_ban_declaration-4f52eefc77384a8be9c7d0a1b87626a5.pdf>
accessed 28 March 2021.
295
‘Taliban of Afghanistan, Statement of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan on the Problem of Landmines, 06
October 1998’ (Geneva Call) <http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/ut_af_taliban_1998_01d631e9853b6909a692f10408438eda18.pdf> accessed 28 March 2021.
291

54

Thus, it seems that NSAGs commit themselves to such pledges because they
recognize that the use of anti-personnel mines goes against foundational principles and
norms of IHL, such as the principle of distinction, proportionality, and indiscrimination, and
they recognize the devasting effect they have on vulnerable civilians, in particular women
and children, and also recognize how deployment of mines can have economic and human
consequences that can persist until decades after conflict is over.
Another area where NSAGs have widely stated their commitment towards banning
the practice is that of child soldiers. The employment of child soldiers is generally considered
to be forbidden, but ambiguity exists regarding the age under which it is illegal to conscript
children into the armed forces. 296 There does seem to be consensus that recruitment should
never happen under the age of 15, but disagreement exists whether children between the ages
of 16 and 18 could be employed in customary international law. 297 However, NSAGs’
communications do seem to pledge themselves to not conscript any children under the age
of 18 into their armed forces, such as the Karenni National Progressive Party, the Justice
and Equality Movement Sudan, the Chin National Front, and the Supreme Military Council,
pointing towards an acceptance of the prohibition of conscripting any child under the age of
18 into the armed forces.298
These findings are interesting for this current research as it clearly shows which
issues NSAGs feel strongly about. Their commitments point towards the inherent immorality
of certain conduct such as child soldiers and mines, affirming that these norms of IHL are
endorsed by NSAGs to a wide extent. In complying with the provision of Common Article
3, NSAGs do issue documents issuing compliance with the Geneva Conventions or specific
articles thereof. However, it is important to note that without the active role of the ICRC and
Geneva Call, chances are that much less of these compliance documents would have been
issued, based on the direct reference NSAGs make to these organisations and by using the
exact wordings that they propose. As such, the ban on anti-personnel mines and the

ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rule 136.
ibid.
298
‘Deed of Commitment, Karenni National Progressive Party’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_mm_knpp_ka_2007_10185315c26ac6de1e465dd6108b6d732c.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021; ‘Justice & Equality Movement Sudan
(JEM) (Geneva Call) <http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/jem_renewed_command_order_2015a4d52a78ef3c99c2e0f4d0ae096de884.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021; ‘Deed of Commitment, Chin National
Front’ (Geneva Call) <http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/mm_cnf_cna_2009_055d9f8e63936f9d1dd82b23797c05be93.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021; ‘A Statement about the Recruitment of
Child Soldiers, Supreme Military Council’ (Geneva Call) <http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/fsa280a7e3c5cb7d3512fa8d731dfed53c4.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021.
296
297

55

prohibition on the use of child soldiers seem to be endorsed by NSAGs, but compliance with
other articles of the Geneva Conventions and other norms of IHL should still be pursued.
3.7 Legal Status of the Parties to the Conflict
3.7.1 Legal Status of the Parties to the Conflict in Common Article 3
Finally, Common Article 3 stipulates that ‘the application of the preceding provisions shall
not affect the legal status of the Parties to the conflict.’ Agreeing that application of the rules
by non-state actors does not provide them with any legitimacy was essential to the adoption
of Common Article 3 and without it, states would not have signed and ratified the article.
The importance of this provision has been discussed in depth in Chapter 2. Additionally, this
provision merely states as a fact that application of the law does not in any way alter the
legal status of NSAGs, so there is nothing to be gathered from the communications of
NSAGs that could either endorse or diverge from this provision. Any reference made to
being the continuation of a former ruling party, being the one true and legal government, or
any such variations on establishing themselves as a party with full legal personality on par
with the government does not in any way change the legal status of such groups. 299

See for example: ’Text of Irish Republican Army (IRA) ‘Green Book’ (Book I and II)’
<https://cain.ulster.ac.uk/othelem/organ/ira/ira_green_book.htm> accessed 18 December 2020.
299

56

Chapter 4: Customary International Humanitarian Law and Non-State Armed Groups
4.1 Introduction
4.1.1 The ICRC Study
Common Article 3 is applicable to parties involved in situations of non-international armed
conflict due to its universal ratification by states. That does not render it the only applicable
legislation, as customary international law is to be applied regardless of whether states agree to
it. Customary international law as a source of international law is included in art. 38(b) of the
ICJ Statute, reading ‘international custom, as evidence of a general practice accepted as law’.
In order for a rule to be regarded as international custom, it needs to fulfil two separate
components, as confirmed by the Court in Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons
as being opinio juris and state practice.300 The objective element, state practice, is derived from
the actual conduct of states, who through behaving in a certain way indirectly confirm what
customary laws they conform to. Opinio juris entails that any conduct undertaken by a state is
done so out of a belief that such conduct is legally binding. As such, it is the subjective element
to customary international law. 301 The only exception to being exempt from being subjected to
a rule of customary international law is if a party has persistently expressed its rejection of such
a rule.302 The applicability of international humanitarian law to such groups is born out of the
underlying principle of international law that the requirements of international life determine
the status of its subjects, meaning that it serves international law and its community that NSAGs
conduct is regulated by its laws and rules to counter human rights abuses and ensure fair fighting
and conduct in armed conflicts. 303 The discussion in Section 2.3 has outlined that NSAGs are
bound by customary international law and as such, it is necessary to compare their internal
communications with this source of law.
In an extensive study from 2005 the ICRC recognized 161 rules of customary
international law applicable to armed conflict. 304 In the introduction, the objective was
identified as capturing the clearest possible ‘photograph’ of customary IHL as it stands today
(2005).305 It is obvious that an extensive discussion of each individual rule is both redundant

ICJ; Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons (Advisory Opinion of 8 July 1996) ICJ Reports 1996,
226, para. 64.
301
Christian Dahlman, ‘The Function of Opinio Juris in Customary International Law’ (2012) 81 Nordic Journal
of International Law 327, 329-330.
302
ICJ, Fisheries Case (United Kingdom v. Norway) (Judgment of December 18th) ICJ Reports 1951, 131; 19;
Dino Kritsiotis, ‘On the Possibilities of and for Persistent Objection’ (2010) 21 Duke Journal of Comparative &
International Law 121, 127-134.
303
Sivakumaran ‘Binding’ (n 95) 373; Reparations for Injuries (n 39) 178.
304
ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73).
305
ibid xvii.
300

57

and unnecessary in the scope of the current research. As such, rules applicable to a specific
concept or principle will be discussed together, to see whether norms and principles as
confirmed in the study as belonging to the realm of customary IHL are also recognised by
NSAGs. This is in line with the goal of this thesis: to recognise principles and norms that find
recognition as the opinio juris of NSAGs. It is not to see which specific rules have been included
or excluded in their internal communications, but the underlying principles.
In assessing which rules of customary international law are included in NSAGs’ internal
communications, it is important to avoid overlap with those laws that have already been
addressed in depth in the previous chapter due to their inclusion in Common Article 3. As just
addressed, there exists a considerate amount of overlap between treaty law and customary
international law, and the two sources influence each other and shape the international moral
and legal framework. Therefore, only the rules of customary law that go beyond what has been
discussed in Chapter 3 will be discussed below.
4.2 Principle of Distinction
4.2.1 Principle of Distinction in the ICRC Study
Although Section 3.3 has already dealt with the principle of distinction, customary international
law establishes additional guarantees applicable in NIACs that aim to safeguard the distinction
between civilians and combatants. Any rule of customary international law that goes beyond
the minimal interpretation of distinction as included in Common Article 3 will be discussed
below.
Echoing Common Article 3, the first rules of the customary humanitarian law study deal
with the obligation for parties to a conflict to distinguish between civilians and combatants,
followed by four rules extending this principle to objects. 306 Objects in this sense encompasses
mainly buildings of which the primary purpose is one of civilian nature, meaning hospitals,
dwellings, schools, markets and other civilian areas. Additional to the basic concept of
distinction, these rules prohibit acts that seek to spread terror against the population. 307
The void left by Common Article 3 in what to classify NSAGs’ fighters as is
unfortunately not filled by customary international law. Rule five reads that ‘civilians are
persons who are not members of the armed forces …’, which implies that dissident fighters are
civilians, because they are not a part of the organized governmental armed forces. Rule six
strips civilians from their protected status ‘for such time as they take a direct part in hostilities’,
306
307

ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rules 1-10.
ibid rule 2.

58

which would seemingly solve the dissident fighter problem by creating the legality for
government forces to actively target NSAGs’ fighters when they are actively fighting. However,
the problem is not solved because of the lack of a proper delimitation of what entails ‘direct
participation’. Is a fighter that lays down his gun as soon as the government soldier targets him
a civilian? The lack of a proper interpretation of direct participation creates uncertainty, and
state practice has remained silent on the issue. A clearer rule, interpretation of the direct
participation problem and recognition of NSAGs’ combatant status would create clearer rules
on the principle of distinction in combat and enhance the protection of the civilian population
against attack.308
Tying in with the principle of distinction is the prohibition of indiscriminate attacks, a
logical consequence of the obligation to distinguish between combatants and civilians. Attacks
which are not directed at a military target or are incapable of making this distinguishment are
prohibited. Cluster weapons, biological weapons and bombardments are all means of warfare
that are not able to solely target a military objective, and the risk of collateral civilian damage
is inherent to the use of such weapons and thus, they are prohibited. 309
The principle of distinction is not one that is absolute. It does not mean that once
distinguished every military objective can be targeted to a full extent even if it means civilian
casualties. Rule fourteen outlines the principle of proportionality, which imposes upon the
parties to a conflict the obligation to weigh the military advantage gained from an attack against
the possible damage incurred upon civilians and civilian objects. 310 If this damage is
disproportionate to the military advantage gained, the attack is illegitimate. A military
advantage is seen as an attack that makes a substantial, relevant and proportional contribution
to the objective of the military attack. The weighing of such an advantage and possible losses
is thus to be conducted in each case of a possible attack.
Lastly, tying in with the principle of distinction is the principle of precaution. This
principle, and the more detailed rules accompanying it such as the obligation to verify that
targets are of military nature, to warn civilian populations in the event of an attack, and to attack
objects that have less change of causing collateral damage, imposes upon parties to a conflict
the obligation to take into account civilian populations in both their attacking and defensive
operations. Whilst attacking, parties must verify that their targets are of military nature, must
deliberately choose their methods of warfare, must warn civilian populations in case of
ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rule 6.
ibid rules 11-13
310
ibid rules 14.
308
309

59

attacking, and must do everything in their power to limit the effects of warfare, possible injuries,
casualties, and damages to the civilian population of the attacking party. 311
4.2.2 Principle of Distinction and Non-State Armed Groups
Although as discussed in Chapter 3 the principle of distinction itself seems to be one of the
most established and endorsed principles of international humanitarian law by NSAGs’, the
abovementioned more detailed provisions do not receive much attention. ELN does explicitly
state that ‘operations shall be carried out against enemy forces in such a way as to avoid
indiscriminate attacks’ 312, as well as that they will ‘work to reduce the maximum unnecessary
human sacrifice and suffering by the enemy.’ 313 The United Jihad Council recognize the
inviolability of ‘public places like, schools, religious places, hospitals, markets and population
settlements’, and ‘groups shall not strike near human settlements.’ 314 The National Transitional
Council states that their fighters cannot ‘harm (public) buildings, unless Qadhafi forces are
using them for hostile purposes, and such harm is absolutely necessary’,315 thus taking into
account the principle of proportionality and precaution. Kosovo Liberation Army’s phrasing of
‘opening fire unnecessarily is prohibited’ 316 could point towards some recognition of
abovementioned principles, but to say it is a direct recognition or confirmation would be farfetched.
Thus, not a lot of recognition is giving to the principles accompanying the principle of
distinction, such as precaution, necessity and proportionality. Additionally, the main focus of
internal regulations seems to distinguish between combatants and civilians; a similar separation
between buildings and objects dependent on their military or civilian nature seems to be mainly
absent. As such, although the principle of distinction itself is widely recognized, its more
detailed and extended protections could be more widely disseminated.
4.3 Specifically Protected Persons and Objects
4.3.1 Specifically Protected Persons and Objects in the ICRC Study

ibid rules 15-24.
‘III.2. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1996’.
313
ibid.
314
‘III.7. United Jihad Council (UJC), Pakistan-India (Kashmir), 2005’.
315
‘V.11. National Transitional Council (NTC), Libya, 2011’.
316
‘V.5. Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), Kosovo, 1998’.
311
312

60

The distinction between combatants and civilians does not entail that only civilians are free
from being deliberately targeted. Different groups of personnel and objects exist that enjoy a
more extensive protection under customary international law.
Firstly, medical and religious personnel, medical units, and medical transports, are to be
protected, stemming both from the obligations imposed upon parties from Common Article 3
and as rules of customary law. In order to care for the wounded and sick and provide
humanitarian aid, medical and religious personnel that are exclusively assigned to perform these
duties are not to be targeted and also imposes a positive obligation on combatants, in that they
have to respect and protect such personnel.
Arguably, this obligation is extended even further in that combatants have to actively
defend medical and religious personnel. Medical and religious personnel enjoy their protection
from being targeted in so far as they are exclusively assigned to their tasks and lose their
protection as soon as it is used to perform acts harmful to the enemy. Without these protections,
medical and religious personnel would be unable or at least experience highly dangerous
situations whilst performing one of the most important and underlying principles of
humanitarian law in caring for the wounded and sick on the battlefield. 317 In addition, a number
of civilians with specific tasks in conflicts are separately mentioned in the study on customary
rules of IHL. Humanitarian relief personnel, peacekeeping personnel and journalists all enjoy
protection under customary law due to their status as civilians but are specifically addressed to
reiterate their specific functions during armed conflict and to impose upon combatants the duty
to respect and protect them from attack. 318
Not only people and objects enjoy specific protections. Safe zones, demilitarised zones
and non-defended localities are all exempt from being targeted. These protections are derivate
of the protection awarded to civilians and the care for the wounded and sick; without these
special zones, personnel cannot to the fullest extent ensure the highest level of care and
protection to vulnerable people. 319 The highest level of care and consideration of the principles
of proportionality and necessity must be exercised in military operations to avoid damage to
culturally significant buildings and objects. 320 Installations containing dangerous forces,
meaning constructions such as dykes and nuclear power plants, cannot be targeted and a high
level of consideration is to be taken in military operations concerning such installations, in order

ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rules 25-30.
ibid rules 31-34.
319
ibid rules 35-37.
320
ibid rule 38.
317
318

61

to prevent populations from being subjected to dangerous natural forces. 321 Lastly, the natural
environment cannot be the target of an operation, and military commanders must take into
consideration the effects of their operations on the environment, meaning that long-term and
severe damages to the soil, woods or water supplies is prohibited. 322
4.3.2 Specifically Protected Persons and Objects and Non-State Armed Groups
Only one mention is made of the inviolability of installations and other constructions containing
natural forces. Colombia’s ELN prohibits any such targeting, stating that ‘we shall not target
installations more useful to the community’ and ‘installations containing dangerous forces such
as dams or nuclear material shall not be attacked.’ 323 However, most of the rules dealing with
specifically protected persons and objects do not receive any attention. The inviolability of
journalists, culturally significant objects (bar one brief mentioning in the Libyan National
Liberation Army), and access for humanitarian personnel all are not addressed. 324
Some of this neglect can be considered surprising; one of the main objectives and
necessities of insurgent warfare is winning the hearts and minds of people, and therefore the
absence of any rules condemning conduct that damages some of their most essential necessities
for survival in dams or plants, or additionally sacred places which are so culturally significant
that damaging them would certainly create tension between NSAGs and local populations and
even regional or global outrage. 325 Regarding the omittance of journalists in internal
communications, it could be argued that due to their status as civilians, the many references to
the principle of distinction already inherently render journalists inviolable.
In general, the neglect of any reference made to the subjects discussed above points
either towards a gap in the knowledge, or simply a diverging opinion on the applicable rules.
4.4 Specific Methods of Warfare
4.4.1 Specific Methods of Warfare in the ICRC Study
The majority of rules concerning methods of warfare regulate the conduct surrounding tactics
of warfare such as perfidy, denial of quarter, and deception. However, some rules dealing with
property and access to humanitarian relief do directly concern civilians.
ibid rules 38-42.
ibid rules 43-45.
323
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’.
324
’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
325
See for example Vasiliki Georgopoulou, ‘The Destruction of Cultural Heritage by ISIS as a Threat to
Security’ (Archaeology Wiki, 29 November 2016) <https://www.archaeology.wiki/blog/2016/11/29/destructioncultural-heritage-isis-threat-security/> accessed 24 March 2021.
321
322

62

It is not allowed to pillage, meaning that occupying powers cannot forcibly take property
from civilians and claim it for personal use. The prohibition of pillage included in rule 52 is to
be differentiated from rule 51(c) which stipulates that ‘private property must be respected and
may not be confiscated’, meaning that private property can be seized by the occupying power
in order to use the property during the occupation. Ownership of the private property always
remains with the initial person, and when peace is made, compensation must be paid to him or
her.326
Starvation cannot be used as a method of warfare. In addition, destroying objects that
are essential to the survival of the civilian population such as food, water, medicine, and
shelters. If a civilian population is struggling, humanitarian aid personnel must be allowed to
freely provide their services and be provided to freely move around the area where the civilian
population is in need of aid. In essence, the civilian population may not be used as a means of
waging war and must be left outside of military tactics.327
The improper use of flags and emblems is strictly prohibited. This includes symbols of
the Red Cross, the UN, or other partaking or third states. Concluding an agreement to suspend
combat with the intention of attacking by surprise is also prohibited.328
4.4.2 Specific Methods of Warfare and Non-State Armed Groups
Regarding the tactics such as perfidy, denial of quarter, and deception, only two of the manuals
and codes prohibit such conduct. The ELN has stated that ‘no acts shall be undertaken with the
sole purpose of spreading terror among the population’,329 and the Libyan National Liberation
Army likewise prohibits the spread of terror among the population. 330 No other mentions of any
prohibited conduct are included. An explanation for this could lie with the nature of the codes
of conduct, being intended for soldiers who in theory should not make any such decisions
regarding warfare tactics. The codes across the board confirm the importance of discipline and
following the orders of superiors, who should be the ones making tactical decisions and
distributing them to the lower ranks. As such, it cannot be considered to be surprising that rules
that are mainly applicable to commanders and chiefs are not included in documents aimed at
subordinate fighters.

ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rules 51-52.
ibid rules 53-56.
328
ibid rules 58–64.
329
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’
330
’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
326
327

63

In confirmation of this notion, an explicit confirmation of a rule of customary
international law that is aimed at the individual conduct of precisely those that occupy places
where fighting takes place can be recognised. The prohibition to pillage as included in rule 52
finds much support in internal communications. It is such a fundamental rule of internal
discipline that certain extremely small codes or brief oaths acknowledge it, such as the
Mouvement des Nigériens pour la justice’s recruits who promise ‘to obey their chiefs, never to
attacks civilians, nor to loot’331 and additionally swear on the Koran prior to entering military
bases to never harm civilians or their property. Many other codes include similar rules, such as
the Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army, New People’s Army, and the Revolutionary United
Front, which all include minor variations on the phrasing ‘do not take a single needle or piece
of thread from the masses’.332
Other internal communications convey the same message, such as Shining Path’s ‘Do
not steal’,333 National Resistance Army’s ‘Never take anything in the form of property from any
members of the public, not even somebody’s sweet bananas or sugar-cane…’,334 and the Sudan
People’s Liberation Army’s ‘a member of the SPLA shall not steal any property or obtain any
goods by false pretences, or take anything from a person without paying for it …’. 335 Then there
are also other NSAGs which go into some more depth to reiterate how important it is to refrain
from taking property from the masses, seemingly to confirm their status as a ‘friend of the
people’. The Taliban for example, state that ‘taking care of public property and the lives and
property of the people is considered one of the main responsibilities of a Mujahed; you must
try very hard to carry out this responsibility…’. 336 In its ‘oath of honour’, the Viet Cong state
that they ‘swear that in my relationship with the people I will do three things …: I will respect,
protect, and help the people; I will not steal from them …’.337 The majority of all NSAGs thus
include a prohibition on pillaging in their internal communications, with some last examples
being ‘I will respect our people, their property, and their customs’ 338 from the Ejército
Guerrillero de los Pobres, ‘I pledge not to engage in any form of theft or looting…’ 339 from the
Syrian Coordination Committees, or Kosovo Liberation Army’s ‘commanders … will

‘IV.6. Mouvement des Nigériens pour la justice (MNJ), Niger, possibly 2006’.
‘I.1. Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army/People’s Liberation Army (PLA), China, 1947’; ‘I.3. ‘New People’s
Army (NPA), Philippines, 1969’; ‘I.4. Revolutionary United Front (RUF), Sierra Leone, no date’.
333
‘II.4. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981’.
334
’II.6. National Resistance Army (NRA), Uganda, 1982’.
335
‘III.4. Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA), Sudan, 2003’.
336
’III.9. Taliban, Afghanistan, 2010.’
337
’IV.2. Viet Cong, Vietnam, no date’.
338
‘IV.3. Ejército Guerrillo de los Pobres (EGP), Guatamala, possibly 1983’.
339
‘IV.7. Local Coordination Committees, Syria, 2012’.
331
332

64

immediately stamp out negative tendencies and the abuse of persons and private property. 340
Thus, the prohibition to pillage and take property of the civilian population is widely
acknowledged in international communications.
Lastly, some rules recognise the prohibition of damaging objects essential to the survival
of the population such as food, water, medicine, and houses. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front
stipulates that combatants should not ‘cut or burn palm trees or fruitful trees or ruin dwellings.
Don’t slay sheep, a cow, a camel or other animals except for food.’ 341 ‘Water supplies shall not
be poisoned’,342 the prohibition of ‘intentional deprivation of food, drinking water, and
indispensable medicines’,343 ‘do not damage crops’, 344 ‘do not … trample other people’s
property, do not march across the villagers fields’, 345 ‘do not destroy the people’s crops’,346
‘respect the property of farmers’, 347 and ‘when staying in other people’s houses I will treat them
as I would my own house’348 are many other instances of the recognition of some aspects of
this customary rule. However, this customary rule entails a prohibition of any damage to all
objects essential to survival, and many of the codes only prohibit certain parts or aspects of the
rule. As such, some confirmation can be found, but to affirm that across-the-board NSAGs
adhere to the total prohibition of damaging such objects would be a bridge too far.
4.5 Use of Weapons
4.5.1 Use of Weapons and Non-State Armed Groups
Due to the brevity of this field of law, the applicable rules and their acknowledgment in the
assessed documents will be analysed together.
Different weapons and methods of conducting warfare are prohibited under customary
international law. The main purpose of these prohibitions is to limit the damage done to
combatants of the parties to a conflict. Rule 71 continues the trend in customary law of
underlining the principle of distinction as one of the most important principles that must be
adhered to by parties to a conflict. It prescribes that the ‘use of weapons which are by nature
indiscriminate is prohibited’, prohibiting those weapons that cannot solely target military
targets and have a high chance of damaging civilians or civilian objects without them being the
‘V.5. Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), Kosovo, 1998’.
‘V.7. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2006’.
342
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’.
343
‘III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
344
‘1.1. Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army / People’s Liberation Army (PLA), China, 1947’.
345
‘1.2. Conseil National de Libération (CNL), Democratic Republic of the Congo’.
346
‘I.3. New People’s Army (NPA), Philippines, 1969’.
347
‘II.4. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981’.
348
‘II.3. Viet Cong, Vietnam, no date’.
340
341

65

main goal of the action, but being considered collateral damage. 349 Weapons that are forbidden
under customary law due to them causing superfluous or unnecessary suffering are laser
weapons, incendiary weapons, chemical, nuclear and biological weapons, booby-traps, and
exploding or expanding bullets. The use of anti-personnel mines is highly discouraged, and in
case of use parties must aim to document their locations as detailly as possible and limit to the
fullest extent the possible damage to civilians.350
Very little reference to any specific weapons is made in the assessed documents. Two
instances of restrictions on the weapons used in conflict can be discerned. Firstly, the ELN in
Colombia dictates in their subsection on the methods and means of warfare that ‘no poisonous
gases shall be used’,351 and the Libyan National Liberation Army dictates that it only makes use
of weapons that are allowed under national legislation.352 Many other internal regulations do
contain rules on maintaining weapons and ammunition, but no reference is made to a
prohibition on the use of certain weapons.
This, in a way, cannot be considered unsurprising if one recognises the objective of
internal regulations and who publishes them and for who they are intended, namely higher
command or authoritative figures and subordinate fighters respectively. In line with this
subsidiarity, weapons and other military materials would be distributed by the commanders to
the soldiers and as such, those will have little to say on the type of weapons to be used. Would
a prohibition on the use of nuclear weapons, the resort to biological warfare or poisonous gases,
or wielding laser weapons or explosive bullets in a manual aimed at soldiers be necessitated at
all? These decisions as to the weapons used would be made by the higher command and as such
their decisions are simply to be abided by those following the regulations and their superiors.
This is also exemplified by the previously assessed deeds of commitment by Geneva Call aimed
at binding those with authority and decision-making power to a prohibition on the use of antipersonnel mines, as their decision to abide by such intentions to withdraw from employing such
means of warfare would be noticed by the subordinates within the NSAG simply by a lack of
the distribution of such mines.
Thus, although it is possible that the decision-making bodies of NSAGs have all the
knowledge on which weapons are considered legal and illegal during NIAC and take decisions

ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rule 71.
ibid rules 72-86.
351
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’.
352
’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011’.
349
350

66

on such issues internally and adjust their weapon and material distribution efforts accordingly,
the neglect of any mentioning as to which weapons are allowed can be considered problematic.
4.6 Treatment of Civilians and Persons hors de combat
4.6.1 Treatment of Civilians and Persons hors de combat in the ICRC Study
Lastly, numerous customary rules exist outlining how parties are to treat civilians in a conflict.
Many of these have already been discussed above, as Common Article 3 is considered the
codification of customary rules of humanitarian law. This cannot be considered surprising; a
draft of a new set of rules that has little connection to reality and has not been applied in practice
has little chance of being agreed upon by states. States sign and ratify treaties that contain rules
that they believe in and as such, the universal ratification of Common Article 3 shows that its
contents were rules that were already adhered to by the vast majority of states. Vice versa, this
inclusion and universal ratification of Common Article 3 has re-established the customary
nature of these laws. Customary rules that are also included in Common Article 3 are those
dealing with the humane treatment of civilians, the prohibition of discriminate treatment,
murder, torture, and sexual violence, the taking of hostages and the prohibition of sentencing
persons without a fair trial or without providing them with judicial guarantees. 353 In addition,
the search, care, and protection for the wounded, sick and shipwrecked and their property is
also included in both sources of law. 354
Other rules of customary law regarding civilians and persons hors de combat have not
been included in Common Article 3 but are still to be adhered to due to their customary nature.
These are the prohibition of corporal punishment, slavery, uncompensated or forced labour, the
use of human shields, enforced disappearances and the arbitrary deprivation of liberty. 355
Although the prohibition of mutilation, torture and other cruel treatment is included in Common
Article 3, customary law builds on this by explicitly prohibiting scientific or medical
experiences on humans.356 It also includes general rules such as the prohibition of collective
punishment, and the respect for the family life and religious practices of civilians. 357
The principle of legality is also recognized as a customary principle. Nulla poena sine
lege entails that no one can be punished for an act that was not considered a crime under national
or international law at the moment the act was committed. One can only be convicted of a crime
ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rules 87-90, 93, 96.
ibid rules 109-111.
355
ibid rules 91, 94, 95, 97-99.
356
ibid rule 92.
357
ibid rules 103-105.
353
354

67

once the law stipulates that the act was forbidden, and only individuals can be accused of a
crime thereof on the basis of their own acts. 358
The customary law study also includes provisions on how the dead are to be treated. It
imposes upon parties to a conflict the obligation to search for and collect the victims of a
conflict, and subsequently treat them with respect and do everything they can to make sure to
identify the victims and aim to deliver their remains to the family of the victim. 359
Persons deprived of their liberty are also guaranteed a number of safeguards. Basic
humane treatment applies, meaning food, water, shelter, basic hygiene and health needs and
medicine ought to be provided. In addition, women, children, and men are to be kept separately
unless they are a family. Their records are to be kept and they are to be allowed correspondence,
and their possessions must be respected and kept safe.360
There is a prohibition on the displacement of the civilian population or transferring part
of the population to a different area. In case of displacement by either party, displaced persons
are to be ensured all basic human needs in shelter, food, water, safety etc. and their property
rights are to be ensured.361
Some provisions are included that do not provide more extensive safeguards but seek to
recognize the more vulnerable positions that women, children, the elderly, disabled and the
infirm occupy in NIAC, which also includes the prohibition of recruiting into the armed forces
children or utilizing them in any way in hostilities. 362
Lastly, it is important to devote some attention to one area that is regulated extensively
by international humanitarian law but is absent in non-international humanitarian law. The
entire Third Geneva Convention is devoted to the rules applicable to Prisoner-of-War Status,
but efforts to recognise such status in NIACs have been rejected. 363 This is unsurprising when
one takes into consideration that Prisoner-of-War status is reserved for combatants and seeks
to extract enemy military power from a conflict by temporarily denying their soldiers their
liberty and military capacities. Combatant status, therefore, is a requirement for Prisoner-ofWar status and because of the ambiguous legal status of NSAGs’ fighters which often
transforms them into civilians the moment they do not fulfil their continuous combat function,

ibid rules 101-102.
ibid rules 112-116.
360
ibid rules 122-125.
361
ibid rules 129-133.
362
ibid rules 134-138.
363
Jessica Honan, ‘Extending Prisoner of War Status to Belligerents in Non-International Armed Conflicts’
(Human Security Centre, 8 December 2020) <http://www.hscentre.org/latest-articles/extending-prisoner-of-warstatus-to-belligerents-in-non-international-armed-conflicts/> accessed 10 May 2021.
358
359

68

allowing Prisoner-of-War status for NSAGs could result in misuse of the law by keeping
possibly insurgent civilians in camps. Surprisingly, NSAGs themselves attribute considerate
attention to Prisoner-of-War regulations as will be discussed next. This is possibly because it is
such a distinct feature of international humanitarian law and therefore it would boost the legality
of the non-governmental party as an independent and distinctly different legal entity.
4.6.2 Treatment of Civilians and Persons hors de combat and Non-State Armed Groups
The Prisoner-of-War and persons deprived of liberty receive considerate attention in internal
communications of NSAGs.
As early as 1928, the Worker’s and Peasants’ Red Army developed a set of rules
outlining the humane treatment of prisoners, including their property rights, provision of basic
amenities such as food, water, and medicine, and the obligation to set them free after combat,
which points towards a recognition of Prisoner-of-War status.364 Similar (or more concise)
provisions were included by the Conseil National de Libération, New People’s Army,
Revolutionary United Front, Shining Path and the National Resistance Army.365 Other
interesting internal regulations mentioning prisoners can be found in the principles of the Frente
Farabundo Marti de Liberación Nacional, stating ‘we shall treat prisoners with respect. We
shall always strive to persuade enemy soldiers to leave the army of the rich’. 366 Derived from
the Bible, the Holy Spirit Movement based upon Leviathan the ‘thou shall not kill prisoners of
war’ rule.367 As well as Prisoners-of-War, other persons deprived of their liberty should also be
treated with respect according to the ELN, Libyan National Liberation Army, Local
Coordination Committees, People’s Liberation Army, New People’s Army, and the Moro
Islamic Liberation Front. 368 As such, the humane treatment and respect for prisoners seems to
be well established under NSAGs. The distinction between Prisoner-of-War and persons
deprived of their liberty often seems blurry, but since the former status does not exist in NIAC
it seems that the respect for prisoners, whatever they are called in internal communications,

I.1. Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army/People’s Liberation Army (PLA), China, 1947.
‘I.2. Conseil National de Libération (CNL), Democratic Republic of the Congo, 1963’; ‘I.3. ‘New People’s
Army (NPA), Philippines, 1969’; ‘I.4. Revolutionary United Front (RUF), Sierra Leone, no date’; ‘II.4. Sendero
Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981’; ’II.6. National Resistance Army (NRA), Uganda, 1982’.
366
‘II.7. Frente Farabundo Marti de Liberación Nacional (FMLN), El Salvador, 1985’
367
‘II.8.’ Holy Spirit Movement (HSM), Uganda, 1987’.
368
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’;’III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army,
Libya, 2011’; ‘IV.7. Local Coordination Committees, Syria, 2012’; ‘V.1. People’s Liberation Army, China,
1928’; ‘I.3. ‘New People’s Army (NPA), Philippines, 1969’; ‘V.8. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF),
Philippines, 2010’.
364
365

69

should be interpreted as a confirmation of the humane treatment of prisoners as codified in
Chapter 37 of the ICRC study.
Lastly, some explicit reference to the specifically vulnerable status of women, children
and the elderly as included in rules 134, 135 and 138 can be recognized. For example, the Moro
Islamic Front indicates that ‘old people, children, and women shall not be harmed or killed’,369
and the ELN indicates that they shall ‘try to avoid holding pregnant women, minors, elderly
people, and those in delicate health in captivity’. 370 Women, and especially the prohibition of
engaging into sexual relations with women is addressed quite regularly, for example by Shining
Path, the Sudan People’s Army, United Jihad Council, People’s Liberation Army and Conseil
National de Libération.371 To conclude that the vulnerable status of certain members of society
is widely recognized would however be too far-fetched and as such, reiteration of those that
deserve more extensive attention could be beneficial.

‘V.8. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2010’.
‘III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995’.
371
‘II.4. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981’; ‘III.4 Sudan People’s Liberation Army
(SPLA), Sudan, 2003’; ‘III.7. United Jihad Council (UJC), Pakistan-India (Kashmir), 2005’; ‘V.1. People’s
Liberation Army, China, 1928’; ‘I.2. Conseil National de Libération (CNL), Democratic Republic of the Congo,
1963’.
369
370

70

Chapter 5: Additional Protocol II
5.1 Adoption of Additional Protocol II
Additional Protocol II to the Geneva Conventions was an important accomplishment in
international humanitarian law. Until its adoption in 1977 and its subsequent entry into force in
1978, aforementioned Common Article 3 was the sole codified legislation dealing with noninternational armed conflict. Although this article on its own can theoretically regulate most
conduct regarding internal armed conflict, the fact remains that over eighty percent of victims
of armed conflict since the end of the Second World War have occurred in internal conflicts.
The disparity between the legislation dealing with both types of armed conflict thus
becomes clear: one article ought to encompass eighty percent of conflicts, whereas dozens of
treaties and books of customary law exist to regulate international armed conflict. This is not
surprising considering both the origins of international law as a state-centric system and the
accompanying unwillingness to give up state sovereignty. To expand upon the laws applicable
in NIACs, the ICRC in the 1960’s began conducting initial research and held consultations as
to the content of additional legislation. 372 However, in order to not adopt legislation that would
limit the provisions of Common Article 3, for example by having more restricted definitions or
thresholds, what came to be Additional Protocol II was to be seen as a separate entity that would
not modify the contents of Common Article 3. 373 As such, APII constitutes an addition to
Common Article 3 and the Geneva Conventions as a whole. This fact is reflected in the
existence of numerous states that have not acceded to APII but are a member to the Geneva
Conventions. At the time of writing, 169 states have ratified APII, whereas three states are
signatories.374 This leaves more than twenty-five states that are party to the Geneva Conventions
without having ratified APII.
Thus, although APII is not universally applicable, it is still binding on a vast majority
of states. Leaving it outside of the current research would neglect an important legal document
and undermine its impact on the development of IHL and therefore it shall be considered below.
However, taking into account that customary international law already includes many of the
provisions included in APII, and its provisions hardly go beyond those included in Common
Article III, it becomes clear that not many rules exist solely in APII.

Sylvie Junod, ’Additional Protocol II: History and Scope’ (1983) 33 The American University Law Review
29, 31.
373
ibid 32.
374
‘States Parties’ (n 185).
372

71

APII consists of twenty-eight articles, of which the last ten address procedural issues
such as entry into force, amendment requirements, and authoritative languages. 375 The
substantive laws are divided into four parts, which will be addressed below.
5.2 Laws of Additional Protocol II
Part I consists of three articles, which confirm the definition of a Non-International Armed
Conflict as being one which ‘takes place in the territory of a High Contracting Party between
its armed forces and dissident armed forces or other organized armed groups which, under
responsible command, exercise such control over a part of its territory as to enable them to carry
out sustained and concerted military operations and to implement this Protocol’, excluding
‘situations of internal disturbances and tensions.’ 376 Like Common Article 3, article 2 stipulates
the non-discriminatory character of the Protocol, including the additional features of language,
belief, political or other opinion, national or social origin, which are in a way redundant because
of the inclusion of ‘any other similar criteria’ in Common Article 3, which in theory includes
all the above mentioned criteria.377
This inclusion of more characteristics does not necessarily mean a better sense of
protection; to repeat Jean Pictet, ‘the more specific a list tries to be, the more restrictive it
becomes.’ Article 3 reiterates the sovereignty of the state and its exclusive jurisdiction to decide
on matters within its territorial integrity, as included in Article 2(4) of the UN Charter. 378 Taking
into consideration the earlier addressed sources, no further assessment of NSAGs’ internal
communications is necessary.
Part II includes more elaborate provisions dealing with the humane treatment of persons
hors de combat. Article 4 contains many prohibitions which have been addressed prior due to
their inclusion in either Common Article 3 or customary international law. These include the
prohibition of violence to life, health and mental well-being, murder, cruel treatment, torture,
collective punishments, hostage taking, outrages upon personal dignity, acts of terrorism,
slavery, pillage and threats to commit any of the foregoing acts. 379 Article 5 deals with the
humane treatment of those persons deprived of their liberty during the time of the conflict,
including the obligation to provide them with food, drinking water, religious freedom and
spiritual assistance, the separation of men and women, communication opportunities, and the
APII arts. 19-28.
APII art. 1.
377
APII art. 2.
378
APII art. 3.
379
APII art. 2(a-h).
375
376

72

overall respect to their physical and mental health. 380 All of these provisions have since been
considered as part of customary international law. Article 6 then extends the protections
awarded under Common Article 3 1(d), stipulating the prohibition of sentencing and executions
without previous judgments, as well as confirm rules 100 and 101 of the customary international
law study. Article 6(4) reads: ‘the death penalty shall not be pronounced on persons who were
under the age of eighteen years at the time of the offence and shall not be carried out on pregnant
women or mothers of young children.’ 381 Although no such clearly stated rule exists in
customary international law, according to the ICRC this prohibition is included under rule 135
which reads that ‘Children affected by armed conflict are entitled to special respect and
protection.’382 APII includes in article 4(3) extensive obligations vis-à-vis children, stating that
they shall receive an education, shall be reunified with their familied, and cannot be used in the
armed forces.383 According to the ICRC, all these specific rules are included under the same
customary rule 135.384
Part III of APII deals with additional provisions on the wounded, sick, and shipwrecked.
The articles under this section are all similar to rules included in the customary international
law study, including the respect for and humane treatment of the wounded, sick and
shipwrecked, as well as the obligation to actively search and collect them, the respect for
medical and religious personnel and their duties and activities, the inviolability of medical units
and their transports, and the respect to be awarded to the distinctive emblem of the Red Cross
and Red Crescent societies.385 As such, all these rules have already been addressed prior and
compared to NSAGs’ internal communications.
Part IV includes rules on the civilian population. The principle of distinction is repeated,
emphasising the inviolability of civilians as well as cultural objects and places as worship as
also included in rules 38-40 of the customary international law study. 386 In addition, articles 14
and 15 mirror the rules included in rules 53 and 54, and 42 respectively, dealing with the
prohibition of starving civilians and destroying objects indispensable to their survival, as well
as the prohibition of attacking works and installations containing dangerous forces. 387 Lastly,
articles 17 prohibits the forced movement of civilians similar those rules in Chapter 38 of the

APII art. 5.
APII art. 6(4).
382
ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rule 135.
383
APII art.4(3).
384
ICRC ‘Customary International Humanitarian Law’ (n 73) rule 135.
385
APII arts. 7–12.
386
APII arts. 13 and 16.
387
APII arts. 14 and 15.
380
381

73

customary international law study, and article 18 reiterates the right of relief societies to offer
their humanitarian services to the conflict as also included in Common Article 3(2).388
As it seems above, all provisions included in APII have obtained customary
international law status or are reiterations of rules of Common Article 3. This is not surprising
considering the fact that APII binds over 170 states, and therefore rules that would differ
massively from already established humane conduct applicable to NIACs would not have found
such widespread support. It is also worth reiterating that many customary rules considered in
Chapter 4 have obtained customary status because of their inclusion in APII. As stated, the
confirmation of over 170 states of rules of humanitarian law creates significant evidence as to
the customary nature of such rules.
In this thesis, customary international law was addressed before APII because
customary international law is universally applicable without exceptions. APII on the other
hand, although it sees widespread support, has not been signed by some thirty state and
therefore its provisions do not bind every state or NSAG for that matter. Therefore, it seemed
necessary to still assess the rules of APII even though the inclusion of its contents by NSAGs
had already been conducted in the chapter prior through customary international law.

388

APII arts. 17 and 18.

74

Chapter 6: An Analysis of the Humanitarian Laws Endorsed and Neglected by Non-State
Armed Groups
6.1 General Observations
The three chapters above have focused on the internal communications of Non-State Armed
Groups and have sought to compare them to the laws applicable to non-international armed
conflict. In doing so, the opinio juris of a form of ‘customary NSAG law’ has been recognised
which includes those principles of IHL that across the board have been included in NSAGs’
manuals, codes of conduct, oaths and other soft law instruments. In this chapter, an analysis
will be made of exactly which principles can be said to belong to this ‘NSAG opinio juris’ and
can thus be said to be endorsed, and which rules find little inclusion and can therefore be said
to have been neglected or even rejected by NSAGs. Some general observations regarding the
relationship between NSAGs and IHL will be made, followed by which specific laws have been
endorsed and which have not.
Firstly, the nature of NSAGs’ internal communications does not allow them to include
the full body of IHL. Although they provide a valuable insight into their convictions and internal
rules, their primary purpose is to create a set of basic rules of conduct and discipline amongst
the fighters of the group. 389 In doing so, it seems that to include all the rules discussed above,
meaning Common Article 3, customary international humanitarian law, and Additional
Protocol II, would result in an abundance of applicable specific rules which would dilute the
core principles that really should be taken into account. By keeping the internal communications
brief and limited to core concepts, the recollection of, and adherence to these principal rules is
easier to achieve. In general, therefore, it is not surprising that those rules which can be said to
belong to NSAGs’ opinio juris are some of the most foundational principles of IHL.
Secondly, the nature of some of the rules of IHL leave them outside of the scope of
internal communications. As their primary focus is to regulate the conduct of soldiers and
lower-ranking personnel, its provisions seem to mainly be focused on limiting their negative
actions vis-à-vis the population. Focusing on what a soldier is not allowed to do in the event of
a battle or when engaging with the locals seems to be the message such codes focus on and
seem to lie at their core. They seem to focus on limiting the negative consequences of individual
decision-making that are made in a short amount of time, such as looting, targeting, or using
violence. As such, it is not surprising that these types of rules relating to weapons, tactics such
as displacing an entire population, or other such laws that are usually the result of a collective
Olivier Bangerter, ‘A Collection of Codes of Conduct Issued by Armed Groups’ (June 2011) 93 International
Review of the Red Cross 483, 484.
389

75

effort, or of tactical decisions by leaders and other decision-making bodies are not included in
documents intended for internal use.
Thirdly, often those NSAGs’ that include more detailed rules on a certain principle or
norm will also go more in depth on other principles. It is rare for a code to address a specific
rule included in customary international law and not address any others. For example,
Colombia’s ELN and Libya’s NLA have extensive internal instruments which address numerous
more specific rules of customary international law, such as more rules regarding public
installations containing dangerous forces, destroying objects indispensable for a population’s
survival, and protecting culturally significant objects. This inclusion points towards some
recognition of these more specific rules, but because the current research focuses on a general
evidence of such rules being included in customary NSAG’ law, such sporadic recognition does
not point towards an overall confirmation and endorsement of these rules.
6.2 Endorsed International Humanitarian Laws and Principles
Firstly, much attention is devoted to the organisational structure and rules relating to hierarchy,
discipline and internal conduct. As discussed in Section 3.1, this inclusion potentially points
towards a recognition of the organisational requirement of NSAGs which qualifies them to be
regarded as a party to a NIAC. Of course, given the primary purpose of internal
communications, they also seek to ensure internal discipline regardless of international law, as
a disorganised group will encounter difficulties in achieving their aims. In drawing a
comparison to customary international law, it could be said that potentially the opinio juris is
missing, whereby a group recognises the organisational requirement, but does not do so out of
a feeling of legal necessity; rather, it is a vital aspect of existing as a group at all. Therefore, it
cannot with certainty be said that the inclusion of organisational rules can be taken as evidence
that such rules are included to increase NSAG legitimacy in a conflict in accordance with
Common Article 3’s definition of a NIAC.
Secondly, the principle of distinction can be said to be widely endorsed. Taking into
consideration that it is one of the most foundational principles of IHL, that NSAGs often portray
themselves as defenders of the people, and that winning the hearts and minds of the people is a
key component to success, this recognition of the inviolability of civilians cannot be considered
surprising. Almost all NSAGs include some rules that outline that only enemy combatants can
be targeted, and that any armed action can only be directed against military targets. As such, it
can with almost full certainty be said that the principle of distinction is actively recognized and
endorsed by NSAGs.
76

Thirdly, as discussed in Section 3.6, there seems to be wide support under NSAGs visà-vis the prohibition on the use of child soldiers and the use of anti-personnel mines, especially
due to the work of NGOs such as Geneva Call. Unfortunately, the practices have not yet been
outlawed completely, but it seems that any conduct that contradicts the established laws is to
be seen as an anomaly rather than a rejection of the existence of these rules belonging to the
realm of NSAGs’ customary law. Thus, it can be said that the prohibition on the use of child
soldiers and the use of anti-personnel mines is recognised and endorsed by NSAGs.
Fourthly, NSAGs also recognise the inviolability of looting. In almost every soft law
instrument, the prohibition of taking anything from people is included in different wordings,
ranging from needles and threads to all belongings. Again, this is not unexpected as acting
contrarily to this rule would severely damage the capabilities of NSAGs, as due to their nature
they are reliant on local support in the form of food, water and shelter. As such, NSAGs need
to uphold a close relationship with local populations and need to portray themselves as
defenders of the masses, in order to win their hearts and minds and achieve the destruction of
the state.
Lastly, from customary international humanitarian law, the humane treatment of
prisoners can be recognised. As discussed in Section 4.6, many NSAGs include in their codes
and manuals the obligation to treat captives and prisoners of war with respect and provide them
with basic amenities. Across the board, not a lot of NSAGs ignore humane prisoner treatment
and as such, it can be considered a law that is endorsed by NSAGs.
These five rules can be said to fulfil the element of a sort of opinio juris of ‘customary
NSAG law’, and as such, in their efforts to further disseminate international humanitarian law
and in their activities to engage with and educate NSAGs, the ICRC should be aware of the
widespread support for these principles. As practice, the second element of customary
international law, has been left outside of the current research, it cannot be said that these five
rules are to be recognized as ‘customary NSAG law’. However, the above has outlined which
rules find widespread support in their writings, and thus can be seen as fulfilling the opinio juris
element of customary international law.
6.3 Educational Efforts
To unravel why certain principles are not included in NSAGs’ communications is a question
that lies outside the scope of the current research and would require a much deeper non-legal
analysis of specific NSAGs. Any of the reasons discussed in section 2.7 could explain per group

77

why certain rules are neglected, disregarded, or purposely excluded, or a lack of knowledge of
the rules could also explain their absence.
The chapters above have discussed many rules that do not find widespread support by
NSAGs in their internal communications. As the section directly above has concluded, five
rules exist that can be considered to be the opinio juris of ‘customary NSAG law’. The other
many rules of Common Article 3, customary international humanitarian law, and Additional
Protocol II thus need to be disseminated further and made more known. The ICRC then, as the
‘guardian of international humanitarian law’, should in its educational efforts based on its
mandate devote considerable attention to the clarification and dissemination of those rules that
are not included above. It seems redundant, due to the number of rules that should lie at the
focus of such efforts, to reiterate them here, as they have been discussed in depth in the previous
chapters.
However, in parallel to the justification given for the structure used in this thesis, it
seems that those rules that are universally applicable should lie at core of such efforts. Rules
such as the prohibition of taking hostages as included in Common Article 3 are binding on every
NSAG, and therefore it is vital that such rules are respected and included in internal
communications. Provisions derived from Additional Protocol II on the other hand, might not
even be binding on NSAGs due to their location, and because its rules are often based on more
fundamental rules included in Common Article 3 and customary international humanitarian
law, educational efforts should primarily be focused on those rules foundational to IHL.

78

Chapter 7: Conclusion
This thesis has sought to contribute to international humanitarian law compliance by one of the
most present and at the same time neglected actors of armed conflict. Non-State Armed Groups
are involved in 95 per cent of all armed conflicts globally, but the body of law regulating their
conduct is underdeveloped and makes up only a minor fraction of the system of international
humanitarian law. This discrepancy of the majority of conflicts being regulated by a minimum
number of rules is problematic, and as such, this thesis has sought to contribute to the
development of the law regulating non-international armed conflict by recognizing which
norms, principles and laws of humanitarian law are included in the internal communications of
non-state armed groups.
In analysing 58 NSAGs’ codes of conduct, manuals, oaths, international commitments,
and so on, a core set of rules has been recognised which can be said to make up the body of
‘customary NSAG law’. The goal of this undertaking was to better increase the
operationalisation of and compliance with the limited set of rules that regulate NIAC by
recognising which principles they already widely recognise and endorse, and in similar vein,
which rules need to be made more known, explained further, or disseminated more widely.
Taking as a starting point the mandate awarded to the International Committee of the
Red Cross stemming from the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and its founding statutes, this
organisation as the ‘guardian of international humanitarian law’ has the legal obligation to
engage with armed groups and to achieve further compliance and knowledge of international
humanitarian law by setting up education programs, workshops, and other attempts at realising
this goal. Due to the often secretive nature of NSAGs, derivative of their inherent antigovernment activities and aims to disrupt the status quo, such ICRC activities need to be
efficient and effective, also taking into account the difficulties and harsh conditions associated
with armed conflicts.
This research has sought to contribute to these efforts by firstly sketching the situation
in which NSAGs operate. It was firstly concluded that in the state-centric international system,
non-state armed groups possess a limited form of international legal personality, which is
subordinate to that of the state. This contributed to the understanding of how the body of law
regulating NIACs has come into being and why the slow establishment and development can
be ascribed to the reluctance of states to give up any sovereignty, guided by concerns that the
regulation of NSAG conduct would elevate their legitimacy, which could potentially contribute
to the break-up of the state.

79

Then, further questions relating to the relationship between non-state armed groups and
international humanitarian law were tackled to better understand questions relating to
compliance and enforcement, as well as discussing whether there are any potential legal
possibilities for NSAGs to exist. Having established that they are bound by both treaty and
customary international law, and that in theory there do seem to exist potential legal principles
on which their right to existence could be based, their position within the international system
was fully established. Thereafter, the position of the ICRC was delved into to discover where
their international mandate to disseminate international humanitarian law stems from. Lastly,
some considerations were given which determine whether or not NSAGs themselves choose to
either adhere to or disregard international humanitarian law.
Having fully established the relationship between non-state armed groups and
international humanitarian law, as well as illustrating the peculiar position they occupy on the
international plane, the following chapters delved into three different instruments which are
applicable to non-state armed groups. By looking at Common Article 3 of the Geneva
Conventions of 1949, the ICRC’s customary international humanitarian law study, and
Additional Protocol II, the rules, norms and principles therein which were also recognised in
non-state armed groups’ internal communications could be discerned. It could be concluded
that there are five subjects which can with certainty be said to form the core set of customary
NSAG laws, namely the principle of distinction, the prohibition of using child soldiers, the
prohibition on the use of anti-personnel mines, the prohibition of looting, and lastly, the humane
treatment of prisoners. In addition, NSAGs could be said to confirm to the organisation
requirement as necessary for being considered a party to a non-international armed conflict, but
it cannot with certainty be said that the organisation of a group is recognized because of this or
whether this is an essential aspect of having a disciplined and functional organisation.
By recognising the existence of core principles which across the board are recognised
by non-state armed groups, the ICRC can better engage with non-state armed groups and
educate them on those rules which have not found much confirmation. Although this thesis has
sought to contribute to further enhancing international humanitarian compliance by NSAGs,
the road ahead is still long. As the ICRC’s President Peter Maurer said: ‘the work of upholding
humanity in warfare is never finished.’ 390

’The Equation is Evident: Respect for IHL Equals Reduced Human Suffering’ (International Committee of
the Red Cross, 24 February 2020) <https://www.icrc.org/en/document/icrc-president-address-french-andgerman-side-event-alliance-multilateralism> accessed 26 May 2021.
390

80

Bibliography
Primary Sources
Treaties and Statutes
Charter of the United Nations (adopted 26 June 1945, entered into force 23 March 1945) 59
Stat. 1031
Geneva Convention (I) for the Amelioration of the Condition of the Wounded and Sick in
Armed Forces in the Field (adopted 12 August 1949, entered into force 21 October 1950) 75
UNTS 31
Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (adopted 17 July 1998, entered into force 1
July 2002) 2187 UNTS 3
Statute of the International Court of Justice (adopted 26 June 1945, entered into force 23 March
1945) 59 Stat. 1031
The Geneva Conventions of August 12 1949 (adopted 12 August 1949, entered into force 21
October 1950) 75 UNTS 31
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (adopted 23 May 1969, entered into force 27 January
1980) 1155 UNTS 331
Declarations, Resolutions and Recommendations
UNGA Res 1761 (November 1962) UN Doc A/Res/1761(XVII)
Universal Declaration of Human Rights (adopted 10 December 1948) UNGA Res 217 A(III)
UNSC Report of the Secretary-General on the Protection of Civilians in Armed Conflict (May
2009) UN Doc S/2009/277
UNSC Res 311 (February 1972) UN Doc S/Res/311
International Case Law
81

ICJ, Case Concerning Military and Paramilitary Activities in and against Nicaragua
(Nicaragua v United States of America) (Merits, Judgment) ICJ Reports 1986, 14
ICJ, Fisheries Case (United Kingdom v. Norway) (Judgment of December 18th) ICJ Reports
1951, 116
ICJ, LaGrand Case (Germany v United States of America) (Judgment) ICJ Reports 2001, 466
ICJ, Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons (Advisory Opinion of 8 July 1996) ICJ
Reports 1996, 226
ICJ, North Sea Continental Shelf Cases (Federal Republic of Germany v. Denmark; Federal
Republic of Germany v. Netherlands) (Judgment of 20 February 1969) ICJ Reports 1969, 4
ICJ, Reparations for Injuries Suffered in the Service of the United Nations (Advisory Opinion)
ICJ Reports 1949, 174
ICTY, Prosecutor v. Boškoski and Tarčulovski Case No. IT-04-82-T (Trial Chamber II
Judgment) (10 July 2008)
ICTY, Prosecutor v. Simić et al Case No. IT-95-9 (Decision on the Prosecution Motion under
Rule 73 for a Ruling Concerning the Testimony of a Witness) (27 July 1999)
ICTY, Prosecutor v. Tadić (Decision of the Appeals Chamber) (October 1995)
International Military Tribunal Nuremberg, ‘Trial of The Major War Criminals before The
International Military Tribunal ‘(1947, Nuremberg) Vol. 1
Reference re Secession of Quebec (1998) 2 SCR 217 (CA)
Commentaries
Pictet, J. Commentary to the I Geneva Convention for the Amelioration of the Condition of the
Wounded and Sick in Armed Forces in the Field (International Committee of the Red Cross
Geneva 1952)
82

Statutes
International Committee of the Red Cross, ‘Statutes of the International Committee of the Red
Cross’ (adopted 21 December 2017, entered into force 1 January 2018)
Secondary Sources
Articles and Chapters in Edited Books
Alexander, A. ‘A Short History of International Humanitarian Law’ (2015) 26 The European
Journal of International Law 109-138
Aufricht, H. ‘Personality in International Law’ in Fleur Johns (eds), International Legal
Personality (Ashgate Publishing 2010) 35
Bangerter, O. ‘A Collection of Codes of Conduct Issued by Armed Groups’ (June 2011) 93
International Review of the Red Cross 483-501.
Bangerter, O. ‘Reasons why Armed Groups Choose to Respect International Humanitarian Law
or Not’ (June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross 353-384
Bellal, A. ‘What Are ‘Armed Non-State Actors’? A Legal and Semantic Approach’ in
Ezequiel Heffes et al. (eds), International Humanitarian Law and Non-State Actors (T.M.C.
Asser Press 2020) 21
Bernard, V. ‘Editorial: Understanding Armed Groups and the Law’ (June 2011) 93
International Review of the Red Cross 261-267
Bernard, V. ‘Interview with Ali Ahmad Jalali’ (June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red
Cross 279-286
Bhatia, M.V. ’Naming Terrorists, Bandits, Rebels and Other Violent Actors’ (2005) 26 Third
World Quarterly 5-22
Bugnion, F. ‘Birth of an Idea: The Founding of the International Committee of the Red Cross
and of the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement: from Solferino to the Original
83

Geneva Convention (1859-1864) (December 2012) 94 International Review of the Red Cross,
suppl. ICRC: 150 Years of Humanitarian Action 1299-1338
Bugnion, F. ‘Red Cross Law’ (1995) 308 International Review of the Red Cross 491-519
Cassene, A. ‘The Status of Rebels under the 1977 Geneva Protocol on Non-International Armed
Conflicts’ (April 1981) 30 International and Comparative Law Quarterly 416-439
Corn, G, and Jenks, C. ‘Two Sides of the Combatant Coin: Untangling Direct Participation in
Hostilities from Belligerent Status in Non-International Armed Conflicts’ (2011) 33 University
of Pennsylvania Journal of International Law 313-362
Daboné Z. ‘International Law: Armed Groups in a State-Centric System’ (June 2011) 93
International Review of the Red Cross 395-424
Dahlman, C. ‘The Function of Opinio Juris in Customary International Law’ (2012) 81 Nordic
Journal of International Law 327-339
Debuf, E. ’Tools to do the Job: the ICRC’s Legal Status, Privileges and Immunities (June 2015)
97 International Review of the Red Cross 319-344
Droege, C. ‘In Truth the Leitmotiv’: The Prohibition of Torture and Other Forms of IllTreatment in International Humanitarian Law’ (2007) 89 International Review of the Red Cross
515-541
Druzin, B.H. ’Why Does Soft Law Have any Power Anyway?’ (2017) 7 Asian Journal of
International Law 361-378
Elder, D. ‘Historical Background of Common Article 3 of the Geneva Conventions of 1949’
(1979) 11 Case Western Reserve Journal of International Law 37-69
Florquin, N, and Decrey Warner, E. ‘Engaging Non-State Armed Groups or Listing Terrorists?
Implications for the Arms Control Community’ (April 2020) 1 Non-State Armed Groups 17-25

84

Gordon, R. ‘UN Intervention in Internal Conflicts: Iraq, Somalia and Beyond’ (1994) 15
Michigan Journal of International Law 519-589
Herr, S. ‘Binding Non-State Armed Groups to International Humanitarian Law – Geneva Call
and the Ban on Anti-Personnel Mines: Lessons from Sudan (2010) Peace Research Institute
Frankfurt, PRIF-Report No. 95 1-38
Honoré, T. ‘The Right to Rebel’ (Spring 1988) 8 Oxford Journal of Legal Studies 34-54
Junod, S. ’Additional Protocol II: History and Scope’ (1983) 33 The American University Law
Review 29-40
Klabbers, J. ‘The Concept of Legal Personality’ in Fleur Johns (eds), International Legal
Personality (Ashgate Publishing 2010) 3
Kleffner, J. ‘From ‘Belligerents’ to ‘Fighters’ and Civilians Directly Participating in Hostilities
– on the Principle of Distinction in Non-International Armed Conflicts One Hundred Years
after the Second Hague Peace Conference’ (2007) Netherlands International Law Review 315336
Kleffner, J. ‘The Applicability of International Humanitarian Law to Organized Armed Groups’
(June 2011) 93 International Review of the Red Cross 443-461
Kleffner, J. ’The Legal Fog of an Illusion: Three Reflections on ‘Organization’ and ‘Intensity’
as Criteria for the Temporal Scope of the Law of Non-International Armed Conflict’ (2019) 95
International Law Studies 161-178
Koskenniemi, M. ‘National Self-determination Today: Problems of Legal Theory and Practice’
(April 1994) 43 International and Comparative Law Quarterly 241-269
Kritsiotis, D. ‘On the Possibilities of and for Persistent Objection’ (2010) 21 Duke Journal of
Comparative & International Law 121-141
Martin, F, M. ‘Delineating a Hierarchical Outline of International Law Sources and Norms’
(2001) 65 Saskatchewan Law Review 333-368

85

Mack, M, and Pejic, J. ‘Increasing Respect for International Humanitarian Law in NonInternational Armed Conflict’ ICRC (2008) 1-32
Mégret, F. ’Causes Worth Fighting For: Is There A Non-State Jus Ad Bellum?’ in Aristotle
Constantinides and Nikos Zaikos (eds), The Diversity of International Law: Essays in Honour
of Professor Kalliopi K. Koufa (Martinus Nijhoff Publishers 2009) 171
Muñoz-Rojas, D, and Frésard, J. ‘The Roots of Behaviour in War: Understanding and
Preventing IHL Violations’ ICRC (2004) 1-16
Nishat, N. ‘The Right of Initiative of the ICRC and Other Impartial Humanitarian Bodies’ in
Andrew Clapham et al (eds), The 1949 Geneva Conventions: A Commentary (Oxford
University Press 2015) 495
Pettersson, T, and Wallensteen, P. ’Armed Conflicts, 1946-2014’ (2015) 52 Journal of Peace
Research 536-550
Quintin, A, and Tougas, M. ’Generating Respect for the Law by Non-State Armed Groups: The
ICRC’s Role and Activities’ in Ezequiel Heffes et al (eds), International Humanitarian Law
and Non-State Actors (T.M.C. Asser Press 2020) 353
Ratner, S.R, and Giladi, R. ’The Role of the ICRC in the Enforcement of the Geneva
Conventions’ (June 2015) 15-11 Hebrew University of Jerusalem Legal Research Paper 1-36
Ryngaert, C. ‘Non-State Actors: Carving out a Space in a State-Centred International Legal
System’ (July 2016) 63 Netherlands International Law Review 183-195
Ryngaert, C. ‘Non-State Actors in International Humanitarian Law’ in Jean d’Aspremont (eds),
Participants in the International Legal System: Multiple Perspectives on Non-State Actors in
International Law (Taylor & Francis Group 2011) 284
Saul, B. ‘Defending ‘Terrorism’: Justifications and Excuses for Terrorism in International
Criminal Law (2006) 25 Australian Year Book of International Law Online, 177-226

86

Sassòli, M. ’Challenges Faced by Non-State Armed Groups as Regards the Respect for the Law
Governing the Conduct of Hostilities’ in E. Greppi and G.L. Beruto (eds), Conduct of
Hostilities: The Practice, the Law and the Future (San Giuliano Milanese: FrancoAngeli 2014)
171
Sassòli, M. ‘Introducing a Sliding-Scale of Obligations to Address the Fundamental Inequality
Between Armed Groups and States?’ 93 International Review of the Red Cross 426-431
Schlichte, K, and Schneckener, U. ‘Armed Groups and the Politics of Legitimacy’ (2015) 17
Civil Wars 409-424
Sivakumaran, S. ‘Binding Armed Opposition Groups’ (April 2006) 55 International and
Comparative Law Quarterly 369-394
Sivakumaran, S. ‘Lessons for the Law of Armed Conflict from Commitments of Armed
Groups: Identification of Legitimate Targets and Prisoners of War’ (2011) 93 International
Review of the Red Cross 463-482
Smits, J. M. ‘What is Legal Doctrine? On the Aims and Methods of Legal-Dogmatic Research’
(September 2015) Maastricht European Private Law Institute Working Paper No.2015/06 117
Van Steenberghe, R. ‘Non-State Actors from the Perspective of the International Committee of
the Red Cross’ in Jean d’Aspremont (eds), Participants in the International Legal System:
Multiple Perspectives on Non-State Actors in International Law (Taylor & Francis Group 2011)
204
Waschefort, G. ‘The Pseudo Legal Personality of Non-State Armed Groups in International
Law’ (2011) 36 South African Yearbook of International Law 226-236
Books
Byers, M. Custom, Power, and the Power of Rules: International Relations and Customary
International Law (Cambridge University Press 1999)

87

Forsythe, David P, and Rieffer-Flanagan, Barbara Ann J. The International Committee of the
Red Cross: A Neutral Humanitarian Actor (2nd edition, Routledge 2016)
ICRC, Customary International Humanitarian Law: Volume 1: Rules (Cambridge University
Press 2009)
Kinsella, H. The Image before the Weapon: A Critical History of the Distinction between
Combatant and Civilian (Cornell University Press 2011)
Lindblom, A. The Legal Status of Non-Governmental Organisations in International Law
(Uppsala Universitet 2001)
Moir, L. The Law of Internal Armed Conflict (Cambridge University Press 2002)
Murray, D. Human Rights Obligations of Non-State Armed Groups (Hart Publishing 2016)
Oppenheim, L. International Law: a Treatise (2nd edition, Longmans 1912)
Shaw, M. International Law (8th edition, Cambridge University Press 2017)
Sivakumaran, S. The Law of Non-International Armed Conflict (Oxford University Press 2012)
Thirlway, H. The Sources of International Law (Oxford University Press 2014)
Thompson, P.G. Armed Groups: The 21st Century Threat. (Rowman & Littlefield Publishers
2014)
Internet Sources
Alsema, A. ‘FARC Announces Intention to Release All Hostages, Abandon Kidnapping’
(Colombia Reports, 26 February 2012) <https://colombiareports.com/farc-announces-torelease-all-hostages-abandon-kidnapping/> accessed 10 March 2021
Bartels, R. ’The Organisational Requirement for the Threshold of Non-International Armed
Conflict applied to the Syrian Opposition’ (Armed Groups and International Law, 9 August
88

2012) <https://armedgroups-internationallaw.org/2012/08/09/the-organisational-requirementfor-the-threshold-of-non-international-armed-conflict-applied-to-the-syrian-opposition/>
accessed 8 March 2021
Cabanas Ansorena, S. ‘Spain Isn’t Imposing Excessive Punishment on Catalonia’s Leaders. It’s
Enforcing the Law.’ (Foreign Policy, 14 November 2019) accessed 20 February 2021
’Customary Law’ (International Committee of the Red Cross) <https://www.icrc.org/en/warand-law/treaties-customary-law/customary-law> accessed 8 December 2020
Durham, H. ‘Strengthening Compliance with IHL: Disappointment and Hope’ (Humanitarian
Law

&

Policy,

14

December

2018)

<https://blogs.icrc.org/law-and-

policy/2018/12/14/strengthening-compliance-with-ihl-disappointment-and-hope/> accessed 25
March 2021
Georgopoulou, V. ‘The Destruction of Cultural Heritage by ISIS as a Threat to Security’
(Archaeology

Wiki,

29

November

2016)

<https://www.archaeology.wiki/blog/2016/11/29/destruction-cultural-heritage-isis-threatsecurity/> accessed 24 March 2021
Grattan, S. ‘Colombia’s ex-FARC Leaders Admit Kidnapping and Other Crimes’ (Al Jazeera,
30 April 2021) <https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2021/4/30/colombias-ex-farc-leaders-admitkidnapping-and-other-crimes> accessed 19 May 2021
Heffes, E. ‘Compliance with IHL by Non-State Armed Groups: Some Practical Reflections at
the 70th Anniversary of the 1949 Geneva Conventions’ (EJIL: Talk!, August 2019)
<https://www.ejiltalk.org/compliance-with-ihl-by-non-state-armed-groups-some-practicalreflections-at-the-70th-anniversary-of-the-1949-geneva-conventions/> accessed 4 March 2021
Honan, J. ‘Extending Prisoner of War Status to Belligerents in Non-International Armed
Conflicts’ (Human Security Centre, 8 December 2020) <http://www.hscentre.org/latestarticles/extending-prisoner-of-war-status-to-belligerents-in-non-international-armedconflicts/> accessed 10 May 2021

89

Human Rights Watch, ‘Syria: Executions, Hostage Taking by Rebels: Planned Attacks on
Civilians Constitute Crimes Against Humanity’ (Human Rights Watch, 10 October 2013)
<https://www.hrw.org/news/2013/10/10/syria-executions-hostage-taking-rebels> accessed 10
March 2021
Paquette, D. ‘Boko Haram Claims the Kidnapping of More than 300 Boys in Nigeria, Marking
an

Alarming

Move

West’

(The

Washington

Post,

15

December

2021)

<https://www.newstimes.com/news/article/Boko-Haram-claims-the-kidnapping-of-300-boysin-15802276.php> accessed 10 March 2021
’Taliban

Issues

Code

of

Conduct’

(Al

Jazeera,

28

<https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2009/7/28/taliban-issues-code-of-conduct>

Jul

2009)

accessed

20

May 2021
’The Equation is Evident: Respect for IHL Equals Reduced Human Suffering’ (International
Committee of the Red Cross, 24 February 2020) <https://www.icrc.org/en/document/icrcpresident-address-french-and-german-side-event-alliance-multilateralism> accessed 26 May
2021
‘The ICRC’s Mandate and Mission’ (International Committee of the Red Cross)
<https://www.icrc.org/en/mandate-and-mission> accessed 8 April 2021
‘Their Words: Directory of Armed Non-State Actor Humanitarian Commitments’ (Geneva
Call)
<http://theirwords.org/?title=&country=&ansa=&document_type=3&year=&__keyword_fiel
d=> accessed 18 March 2021
‘United Nations and Apartheid Timeline 1946-1994’ (South African History Online, 27 August
2019)

<https://www.sahistory.org.za/article/united-nations-and-apartheid-timeline-1946-

1994> accessed 23 October 2020
‘What We Do’ (Geneva Call) <https://www.genevacall.org/what-we-do/> accessed 26 October
2020

90

‘States Parties to the Following International Humanitarian Law and Other Related Treaties as
of 9-Nov-2020’ (International Committee of the Red Cross, 9 November 2020) accessed 17
November 2020
Podcasts
ICRC, ‘The Operational Impacts of Islamic Law with Dr. Ahmed Al-Dawoody’ (Intercross
the Podcast, 2019)
<https://open.spotify.com/episode/00vfhUdNlKeG889C54KCj0?si=UOJl0MBjQJaCRftepQb
4bA> accessed 17 October 2020
Others
Advisory Service on International Humanitarian Law, ‘Respecting and Protecting Health Care
in Armed Conflicts and in Situations Not Covered by International Humanitarian Law’
(ICRC, 2012)
Geneva Call, ‘The Third Meeting of Signatories to Geneva Call’s Deeds of Commitment’
(November 2014) Summary Report
Human Security Report Project, ‘Human Security Report 2013: The Decline in Global
Violence: Evidence, Explanation, and Contestation’ (Simon Fraser University Canada 2013)
ICRC, ‘ICRC Engagement with Non-State Armed Groups: What, How, For What Purpose,
and Other Salient Issues’ (March 2021) ICRC Position Paper
ICRC, ‘IHL and Non-State Armed Groups’ in ICRC, International Humanitarian Law and
the Challenges of Contemporary Armed Conflicts: Recommitting to Protection in Armed
Conflict on the 70th Anniversary of the Geneva Conventions (2020)
International Committee of the Red Cross, ‘The ICRC: Its Mission and Work’ (March 2009)
Policy
Codes of Conduct
‘A

New

Layeha

for

the

Mujahideen’

(signandsight.com,

29

November

2006)

<http://www.signandsight.com/features/1071.html> accessed 13 March 2021
91

Bangerter, O. ‘Internal Control: Codes of Conduct within Insurgent Armed Groups’ (2012)
Small Arms Survey:
I.1. Workers’ and Peasants’ Red Army/People’s Liberation Army (PLA), China, 1947
I.2. Conseil National de Libération (CNL), Democratic Republic of the Congo, 1963
I.3. New People’s Army (NPA), Philippines, 1969
I.4. Revolutionary United Front (RUF), Sierra Leone, no date
II.1. Armée de Libération Nationale (ALN), Algeria, 1956
II.2. Irish Republican Army (IRA), Northern Ireland, 1956
II.3. Viet Cong, Vietnam, no date
II.4. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981
II.5. Sendero Luminoso (Shining Path), Peru, possibly 1981
II.6. National Resistance Army (NRA), Uganda, 1982
II.7. Frente Farabundo Marti de Liberación Nacional (FMLN), El Salvador, 1985
II.8. Holy Spirit Movement (HSM), Uganda, 1987
III.1. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1995
III.2. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 1996
III.3. Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), Colombia, possibly 1998
III.4 Sudan People’s Liberation Army (SPLA), Sudan, 2003
III.5. Ejército Zapista de Liberación Nacional (EZLN), Mexico, 2003
III.6. Lord’s Resistance Army, Uganda, 2005
III.7. United Jihad Council (UJC), Pakistan-India (Kashmir), 2005
III.10. Libyan National Liberation Army, Libya, 2011
IV.1. Haganah, Israel, 1920
IV.2. Viet Cong, Vietnam, no date
IV.3. Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres (EGP), Guatamala, possibly 1983
IV.4. Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres (EGP), Guatamala, possibly 1983
IV.5. Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), Kosovo, 1998
IV.6. Mouvement des Nigériens pour la justice (MNJ), Niger, possibly 2006
IV.7. Local Coordination Committees, Syria, 2012
V.1. People’s Liberation Army, China, 1928
92

V.2. African National Congress (ANC), South Africa, 1985
V.4. Revolutionary United Front (RUF), Sierra Leone, no date
V.5. Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), Kosovo, 1998
V.6. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2000
V.7. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2006
V.8. Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), Philippines, 2010
V.10. Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC) and Ejército de Liberación
Nacional (ELN), Colombia, 2009
V.11. National Transitional Council (NTC), Libya, 2011
FARC

‘Belligerence’

(2005)

<https://web.archive.org/web/20050204145424/http://farcep.org/pagina_ingles/documents/bel
igerence.html> accessed 10 December 2020
Soft Law Documents
ANC Declaration to the International Committee of the Red Cross-ICRC 28 November 1980
(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/za_anc_mk_1980_01-

bd1666a96887dfd0b39c39635360b04f.pdf> accessed 24 March 2021
A Statement about the Recruitment of Child Soldiers, Supreme Military Council
(Geneva

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/fsa-

Call)

280a7e3c5cb7d3512fa8d731dfed53c4.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021
Declaration of Application of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and Protocol I of 1977, PKK
(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_tr_pkk_hpg_1995_06-

b6a1feaa089eb4beb4e3c68b4b0d9f58.pdf> Accessed 24 March 2021
Declaration of a Total Ban on Anti-Personnel Mines in Kashmir, U.J.C (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/ujc_ban_declaration4f52eefc77384a8be9c7d0a1b87626a5.pdf> accessed 28 March 2021
Declaration of Undertaking to the Apply the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and Protocol I of
1977,

National

Democratic

Front

of

the

Philippines

(Geneva

Call)

93

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/1_ph_ndfp_2005_2011d48a9675a2eaeaba19db0162c8ab09.pdf> accessed 24 March 2021
Declaration of War of the Zapista National Liberation Army (EZLN) (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/1_mx_ezln_1994_067cc964b9c2a07e7d72c8f346bca97aa0.pdf> accessed 20 March 2021
Deed

of

Commitment,

Chin

National

Front

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/mm_cnf_cna_2009_055d9f8e63936f9d1dd82b23797c05be93.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021
Deed of Commitment under Geneva Call for Adherence to a Total Ban on Anti-Personnel
Mines and For Cooperation in Mine Action, Free Life Party of Kurdistan (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_ir_pjak_hrk_2010_1984eb09e0a97b7fe214222c944d517441.pdf> accessed 26 March 2021
Deed

of

Commitment,

Karenni

National

Progressive

Party

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_mm_knpp_ka_2007_10185315c26ac6de1e465dd6108b6d732c.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021
Deed of Commitment under Geneva Call for Adherence to a Total Ban on Anti-Personnel
Mines and For Cooperation in Mine Action, Kuki National Organisation (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_in_kno_kna_2006_0283b0954f998410f4ac01b3c9e7d9aab3.pdf> accessed 26 March 2021
Deed of Commitment under Geneva Call for Adherence to a Total Ban on Anti-Personnel
Mines and For Cooperation in Mine Action, Lahu Democratic Front (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_mm_ldf_2007_214ed0eb17fb6c940b15ce82f746244ea9.pdf> accessed 26 March 2021
Golaha

Wakiillada,

Somaliland

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_so_somaliland_1999_2355690103586643b84ddd57aace3e74a2.pdf> accessed 28 March 2021

94

Justice

&

Equality

Movement

Sudan

(JEM)

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/jem_renewed_command_order_2015a4d52a78ef3c99c2e0f4d0ae096de884.pdf> accessed 25 March 2021
Manifesto

of

the

Chinese

People’s

Liberation

Army

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/cn_pla_1947_0360f514c30801601e9e3a89d86c6dc956.pdf> accessed 18 March 2021
Myerson, I, Ben-Zevie, D. ‘Comité Exécutif de l’Agence Juive de Palestine et de la Vaad
Leumi’

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/ps_agence_juive_vaad_leum_1948_015bf0dccc947f8bc96df8f7ac6eaeffa4.pdf> accessed 21 March 2021
Political Programme of the Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF) (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/et_onlf_023c7a7281a188e37a9c88003e82188845.pdf> accessed 20 March 2021
Resolution on Problem Posed by Proliferation of Anti-Personnel Mines on Liberated Parts of
New

Sudan,

Sudan

Peoples

Liberation

Army

(SPLM)

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/sc_sd_splm_a_1996_07f22cfb3dee8032a783d5df4c3d1f2bae.pdf> accessed 28 March 2021
South West Africa People’s Organisation – SWAPO Declaration to the International
Committee

of

the

Red

Cross

–

ICRC,

15

July

1981

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/na_swapo_1981_01c69993289a437a48ccd467ea42798b25.pdf> accessed 24 March 2021
Taliban of Afghanistan, Statement of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan on the Problem of
Landmines,

06

October

1998

(Geneva

Call)

<http://theirwords.org/media/transfer/doc/ut_af_taliban_1998_01d631e9853b6909a692f10408438eda18.pdf> accessed 28 March 2021

95

Their Words: Directory of Armed Non-State Actor Humanitarian Commitments’ (Geneva Call)
<http://theirwords.org/?title=&country=&ansa=&document_type=3&year=&__keyword_fiel
d=> accessed 18 March 2021

96

Annex I: Non-State Armed Groups and Documents
Name

Location

Document Type

African National Congress

South Africa

Declaration

Document
Year
1980

African National Congress

South Africa

Standing order

1985

Declaration

1948

Agence Juive de Palestine et de la vaad Palestine
Leumi
Armée de Libération Nationale

Algeria

Code of conduct

1956

Chinese People’s Liberation Army

China

Manifesto

1947

Chin National Front

Myanmar

Commitment

2009

Conseil National de Liberátion

D.R. Congo

Code of conduct

1963

Ejército de Liberación Nacional

Colombia

Code of conduct

1995

Ejército de Liberación Nacional

Colombia

Code of conduct

1996

Ejército de Liberación Nacional

Colombia

Code of conduct

1998

Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres

Guatemala

Oath

1983

Ejército Guerrillero de los Pobres

Guatemala

Oath

1983

Ejército Zapista de Liberación Nacional

Mexico

Code of conduct

2003

Free Life Party of Kurdistan

Turkey/Iraq/Iran/Syria Commitment

2010

Frente Farabundo Marti de Liberación
Nacional
Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de
Colombia
Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de
Colombia and Ejército de Liberación
Nacional
Golaha Wakiillada

El Salvador

Code of conduct

1985

Colombia

Supplement

2005

Colombia

Standing order

2009

Somalia

Commitment

1999

Haganah

Israel

Oath

1920

Holy Spirit Movement

Uganda

Code of conduct

1987

Irish Republican Army

Ireland

Code of conduct

1956

Justice and Equality Movement

Sudan

Command order

2015

Karenni National Progressive Party

Myanmar

Commitment

2007

Kosovo Liberation Army

Kosovo

Oath

1998

Kosovo Liberation Army

Kosovo

Standing order

1998

Kurdistan Workers’ Party

Turkey/Iraq/Iran/Syria Declaration

1995

Kuki National Organisation

India/Myanmar

Commitment

2006

Lahu Democratic Front

Myanmar

Commitment

2007

Libyan National Liberation Army

Libya

Code of conduct

2011

97

Lord’s Resistance Army

Uganda

Code of conduct

2005

Local Coordination Committees

Syria

Oath

2012

Moro Islamic Liberation Front

Philippines

Standing order

2000

Moro Islamic Liberation Front

Philippines

Standing order

2006

Moro Islamic Liberation Front

Philippines

Standing order

2010

Mouvement des Nigériens pour la justice Niger

Oath

2006

National Democratic Front

Philippines

Declaration

2005

National Resistance Army

Uganda

Code of conduct

1982

National Transitional Council

Libya

Standing order

2011

New People’s Army

Philippines

Code of conduct

1969

Ogaden National Liberation Front

Ethiopia/Somalia

Declaration

1984

People’s Liberation Army

China

Standing order

1928

Revolutionary United Front

Sierra Leone

Code of conduct

Unknown

Revolutionary United Front

Sierra Leone

Standing order

Unknown

Sendero Luminoso

Peru

Code of conduct

1981

Sendero Luminoso

Peru

Code of conduct

1981

Declaration

1981

South

West

Africa

People’s Namibia

Organisation
Sudan People’s Liberation Army

Sudan

Resolution

1996

Sudan People’s Liberation Army

Sudan

Code of conduct

2003

Supreme Military Council

Syria

Statement

2014

Taliban

Afghanistan

Statement

1998

Taliban

Afghanistan

Code of conduct

2006

United Jihad Council

Pakistan/India

Code of conduct

2005

United Jihad Council

Pakistan/India

Declaration

2007

Viet Cong

Vietnam

Code of conduct

Unknown

Viet Cong

Vietnam

Oath

Unknown

Code of conduct

1947

Declaration

1994

Workers’

and

Peasants’

Red China

Army/People’s Liberation Army
Zapista National Liberation Army

Mexico

98

