Anti-blackness in Egypt: Between Stereotypes and Ridicule
An Examination on the History of Colorism and the development of Anti-blackness in
Egypt
_________________
Master’s Thesis
Presented to
The Faculty of Arts, Psychology, and Theology

at

_________________
Submitted in partial fulfillment
of the requirement for the degree of
Master of Social Exclusion
_________________
By
Islam Bara’ah Sabry
Åbo, Finland

Name: Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Student Number: 1902148

Subject: Social Exclusion

Major: History

Title of Work: Anti-blackness in Egypt: Between Stereotypes and Ridicule - An
Examination on the History of Colorism and the development of Anti-blackness in
Egypt
Supervisor: Prof. Holger Weiss

Abstract:
This research recognizes the absence of a term that defines color prejudices
and racial discrimination in the Arab world. Accordingly, this study
proposes

the

notion

of

anti-blackness

to

examine

color-based

discrimination in Egypt. By identifying anti-blackness as part of a
multilayered socio-cultural process, this research engages with the
historical, social, and cultural factors that led to its development. This
research also explores the implications of anti-blackness on black people
living in Egypt. A sample of media is analyzed using the critical discourse
analysis (CDC) method to observe the portrayal of black people in Egyptian
media. This study concludes that the historical development of social
stigma and cultural stereotypes around blackness has led to anti-blackness
in Egyptian society.

Keywords: Anti-blackness, Colorism, Media, Racist Humor, Blackface, Nubians,
Refugees
Date: 2-6-2021

Number of Pages: 66 (Excluding references)

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

To the voices unheard…

iii

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Table of Contents
Map of Africa .…………………………………………………………………………………………….……..…. V
1

Introduction ………………………………………………………………………………………………………… 1
1.1 Previous Research and Theoretical Framework ..……………………………………….……… 2
1.2 Aim …………..…………………………………………………………………………................................. 8
1.3 Hypothesis and Research Questions ..……………………………………………………….……… 8
1.4 Sources ..………………………………………………………………………………............................... 10

2

Nineteenth-Century Egypt and the Construct of Colorism ..…………………..….. 12
2.1 Egyptian Society and the Nineteenth Century Elite Culture ..………………………... 13
2.2 Slavery in Egypt and the Perspectives on black and White Slaves ..……………….. 16
2.3 The Status of black People after the Abolition of Slavery ..…………………………….. 19

3

Anti-blackness in the Egyptian Media ..……………………………………………..………… 24
3.1 Thematic Categories: ..…………………………………………………………………………............ 24
3.1.1

Stereotypes ..………………………………………………………….............................….. 24

3.1.2

Racist Humor ..………………………………………………………….............................. 27

3.1.3

Blackface Impersonation ..…………………………………......................………..…. 28

3.2 Anti-blackness in the Egyptian Media: ................................................................. 31
3.2.1

Movies ..………………………………………………………………………........................... 31

3.2.2

TV Shows ..……………………………………………………………….............................. 40

3.2.3

Caricatures ..………………………………………………............................………….….. 43

4 Implications of Anti-blackness in Egypt Today ..…………………………………….….. 48
4.1 Egyptian Nubians: The Internal Others ..……………………….....…………………….……. 48
4.2 The Brothers Along the Nile ..………………….………………….……………………………….… 54
5

Discussion and Conclusion ..…………………….…………………………………………………. 64

Bibliography ..…………………………………..………………………………………………………………… 68

iv

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Egypt
Sudan

This Photo by Unknown Author is licensed under CC BY-NC
Figure 1: Map of Africa

v

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

1 Introduction

“Tutankhamun is not a Negro… [and Egyptians] are not Africans,
although Egypt lies in Africa” (The Egyptian Press Archive of CEDEJ,
2007)
Dr. Zahi Hawass, the archeologist and then secretary-general of the Supreme Council of
Antiquities of Egypt, made this statement to an Egyptian newspaper in 2007 to rebut
claims that ancient Egyptian civilization is a black civilization indigenous to Africa (AlKarama Newspaper, 2007). The debate about the ancient Egyptian race is still ongoing.
It has no conclusive answer due to its complexity and the involvement of many groups,
each having stakes in the outcome (Jablonski, 2012). There is no denying that
geographically Egypt is part of the African continent; even if the genetic composition of
ancient Egyptians is under debate, geographic proximity does promote a high degree of
genetic similarity, even over vast areas (O’Connor & Reid, 2003). Therefore, the question
that needs to be asked is, why is there a need to disassociate Egypt from Africa? The
answer to this can be seen in the following situation. In 1925, Talaat Harb, the Egyptian
economist, established an Egyptian company for acting and cinema under the
sponsorship of Bank Misr (Elsaket, 2017). His initial goal was to use the company to
produce films that promote Egyptian modernity. However, Harb had another goal in
mind; he wanted to counter the European imagination that Egyptians are “close to
barbarism…[such as]…people of Central Africa” (Elsaket, 2017, p. 10). For Harb, cinema
represented a “visual” disassociation with “Central Africans,” whom he perceived as the
opposite of modernity.
To put those incidents into context, Hawass and Harb are not alone in their
perception of Egypt as distant from Africa. A 2012 survey by Al Arabiya News shows that
Egyptians identified as Muslims, Arabs, Egyptians, descendants of the Pharaohs, or a
combination of all four; and none identified as African (Amin, 2012). Despite being
geographically located in North Africa (see Figure 1), Egyptians have always perceived
Egypt as distinct from Africa (Golia, 2004; Smith, 2006; Poole, 2011; Sani, 2013). The
reason behind this viewpoint goes beyond the ignorance of Egypt’s geographic location
or its association with Africa. Egyptians’ disassociation has to do with what Africa means
to them. According to Poole (2011), Africa to many Egyptians simply means black; this
1

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

blackness is often associated with “disenfranchised, oppressed people. Taken to its
extreme… [blackness is] equated with primitiveness, underdevelopment, and a lack of
‘civilization’” (Poole, 2011, p. 179). Some scholars have argued that this perception is
racially driven; influenced by Egyptians’ inferior perception of blackness due to the
Arabs’ enslavement of sub-Saharan Africans (Smith, 2006; Perry, 2006). Other scholars
have suggested that this perception has been influenced by Egypt’s colonial past
(Powell, 2003; Elsaket, 2017). Aside from the different hypotheses proposed, researchers
have also contended that blackness is negatively perceived among Egyptians (Smith,
2006; Perry, 2006; Poole, 2011; Sani, 2013). This negative perception has been manifested
in the form of socio-cultural stereotypes, ridicule of blackness, and harassment (Sani,
2013; Perry, 2006; Poole, 2011; Shafik, 2007; UNHCR Egypt, 2021; Siegelbaum, 2013). In
the following Chapters, this research engages with the aforementioned discussions to
examine the various factors that led to the negative perception of blackness in Egypt
and, more importantly, how this perception has impacted black people living in Egypt,
both Egyptians and non-Egyptians. This study uses “anti-blackness” and “anti-black
harassments” instead of racism and racial harassment to identify racial incidents in the
Egyptian context. The only exception has been while reporting the findings of other
research; in this case, the original term used by the author has been used as-is.
This qualitative research aims to explore anti-blackness in Egypt from historical,
social, and cultural aspects. By examining those aspects, this thesis seeks to observe and
describe anti-blackness rather than measure it. The structure of this thesis does not
include a separate methodology chapter; instead, it relies on examining an existing body
of literature in addition to the analysis of black representation in Egyptian media. In the
media analysis, this research focuses on three thematic categories: stereotypes, racist
humor, and Blackface. Furthermore, this study applies the principles of critical
discourse analysis CDA in the critical analysis of the explicit and implicit meaning of
visual images and the oral and written texts (Given, 2008; Wodak, 2001).

1.1 Previous Research and Theoretical Framework

Despite the history of slavery and the presence of color prejudices in the contemporary
Arab world, there is a common perception among the Arabs that anti-black
2

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

discrimination is absent from their reality (Poole, 2011; Perry, 2006; Smith, 2006;
Downing & Gamil, 2020; King, 2019; Golia, 2004). There is a considerable body of
literature on racism and colorism in the West; however, there remains a lacuna in
discussing those concepts in the Arab world context. Some authors suggest that this is
due to the inability of literature to provide a suitable definition for racism that would fit
the Arab world (Downing & Gamil, 2020). Some authors argue that it is problematic to
use race and racism to examine color prejudices in Egypt (Poole, 2011; Perry, 2006). As
a concept created by racial ideologies of eighteenth-century Europe, race is often
perceived as a foreign concept for Arabs (Dixon & Telles, 2017; Perry, 2006; Poole, 2011).
Perry (2006) observes that Arabs have never seen race per se as a master status. Both
Perry (2006) and Dixon & Telles (2017) assert that Arabs are color-conscious rather than
race-conscious. In simple words, Arabs classify people based on color and not race.
However, it is worth mentioning that this color-consciousness does not entail that
Arabs view color as a collective identity the same way race was in eighteenth-century
Europe. However, it is often correlated with social class or as a marker of former slave
status (Poole, 2011; Smith, 2006).
Smith (2006) asserts that much like the rest of the Arab world in Egypt, black or
white or any other color are not perceived as grounds for collective identities, neither
are they associated with race. In her examination of race in Egypt, Poole (2011) observes
that many Egyptian informants perceived terms such as race and ethnicity as foreign,
even when translated into Arabic, the official language of Egypt. Although most of
Poole’s informants were familiar with the terms; however, they did not identify with
them, nor did they see it as part of the Egyptian society. Golia (2004) elucidates that
historically, Egypt never had systematic discriminatory policies; on the contrary, black
figures could reach high positions at various periods. However, she also emphasizes that
the absence of discriminatory laws does not restrain racist views and behaviors in Egypt.
Likewise, Poole (2011) observes that Egypt never had discriminatory policies such as Jim
Crow in the United States and the Apartheid in South Africa. However, Poole also argues
that even if such racist policies did not exist, the lack of policies that prevent racism
allowed for color prejudice and discrimination against dark-skinned people.

3

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

In her book, A Different Shade of Colonialism, Eve M. Troutt Powell (2003) asserts
that the modern Egyptian conception of race was formed during its colonial period.
According to Powell, Egyptian nationalists perceived the Egyptian colonization of
Sudan as a civilizing mission that Egypt was obliged to undertake to assist its “younger
brother” to develop. However, Powell also asserts that underneath the brotherhood
rhetoric, lied an Egyptian self-perceived racial superiority over Sudan.
Different scholars have argued that the Egyptian modern racial conception
formed during the early twentieth century excluded blackness from the Egyptian
perceived identity (Poole, 2011; Shafik, 2007; Smith, 2006; Elsaket, 2017). Other studies
also suggest that Egypt’s colonial experience with Sudan reflected on the Egyptian
perception of Africa (Poole, 2011; Elsaket, 2017; Perry, 2006). In her study of the jungle
film genre in Egypt during the 1940s, Ifdal Elsaket (2017) argues that the jungle films’
depiction of Egyptian characters as civilized white men against black African “wuhush”
(savages) is a manifestation of early Egyptian construction of “race, anti-blackness, and
claims to ‘whiteness’” (2017, p. 10). According to Elsaket (2017), not only did this genre
reflect Egypt’s colonial perception of Africa at the time, but it also represented an
Egyptian disassociation from Africans. Moreover, Elsaket (2017) argues that black
people were portrayed in Egyptian jungle films as “objects of a dominant Egyptian gaze”
(Elsaket, 2017, p. 15). Shafik (2007) also makes the same observation; however, in her
analysis of The Naked Truth/al-Haqiqa al-‘ariya (1963) film, Egyptian black Nubians
were the objects of “white gaze, [while] Egyptians are equaled with fair-skinned
Europeans” (2007, p. 71). Several scholars observe the significant impact of Egypt’s
colonial rule and its nation-building process on Egypt’s “modern conception of race”
(Powell, 2003; Shafik, 2007; Elsaket, 2017).
Despite the limitation on the study of race in contemporary Egypt, Pool’s
research represents a seminal contribution to this field. In her study of the politics of
beauty, gender, and race in contemporary Egypt, Poole (2011) provides an overview of
the complex ways Egyptians perceive their identity. Poole observes that Egypt’s history
of slavery and foreign rule has led to the construct of race in contemporary Egypt; thus,
placing African identities below Arabs, Turks, and Europeans. Based on her field study,
Poole asserts that skin color and racial constructs play a significant role in Egyptian

4

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

society. Moreover, she observes that skin color influences the power dynamics among
bi-ethnic couples if not prevent it altogether. Although many of Poole’s informants
expressed their experiences with racial prejudices and colorism in Egypt, they identified
their experiences differently. For instance, Africans and African-Americans viewed their
experiences as the result of “colorism or racial prejudice” (Poole, 2011, p. 100). On the
other hand, Egyptian Nubians attributed their experiences to “ignorance…
impoliteness… lack of culture… or merely as a preference for other looks or behavior”
rather than racial (Poole, 2011, p. 95).
Poole observes the impact of colorism and racism; however, she also recognizes
that the lack of acknowledgment of race among Egyptians makes it challenging to
pinpoint a term that describes racial incidents. Downing & Gamil (2020) also make the
same observation in their analysis of blackness in Arab TV. They argue that the scientific
definition of racism or Western notion of white supremacy does not fit the narrative of
color prejudices present in the Arab world. Therefore, Downing & Gamil propose the
notion of “dehumanizing” or “aversive” racism in their study of blackness on Arab TV.
They argue that aversive racism examines the implicit forms of racism felt by the
receivers but denied by the perpetrators. Downing & Gamil observe that the negative
representation of blackness in Arab TV results from the region’s cultural attributes
about skin color, where whiteness is perceived positively, while blackness is perceived
negatively. They recognize the impact of the cultural stigma and stereotypes around
blackness and the Arab’s history of enslaving sub-Saharan Africans. Moreover, Downing
& Gamil conclude that Arabs’ TV comedy professionals are not pursuing an “anti-black
agenda.” Accordingly, they end their discussion by urging TV show producers to review
the practices that “dehumanize” Afro-Arabs (Downing & Gamil, 2020).
Although Downing & Gamil’s proposed concept, “aversive racism,” offers a new
method in examining the negative portrayal of blackness on Arab TV; however, it fails
to achieve its objective for several reasons. Firstly, as previously mentioned, the
applicability of “racism” in the Arab context has been debated by Downing & Gamil and
other scholars (Perry, 2006; Golia, 2004; Smith, 2006; Poole, 2011). Secondly, although
Downing & Gamil observe the negative attributes around blackness in the Arab culture,
their proposed concept fails to recognize color and the power dynamics associated with

5

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

it. Thirdly, after observing “dehumanizing racism” against blackness in Arab TV,
Downing & Gamil conclude that Arab TV professionals “do not pursue a consciously
anti-black agenda” (Downing & Gamil, 2020, p. 1). Apart from the ambivalence in their
findings, Downing & Gamil do not define anti-blackness throughout their research.
Consequently, it is unclear what are the factors that determine the “consciousness” of
an “anti-black agenda” according to their conclusion.
After examining previous research, this thesis aims to address some issues in
examining color prejudices in Egypt. This study discusses blackness in Egypt from a
color perspective rather than a racial one. Two concepts have proven to be central for
this discussion; they are colorism and anti-blackness. It is essential to note that the
definitions that have been discussed in this research come from non-Egyptian sources.
Upon the examination of Egyptian lietrature, this research has been unable to find a
definition for those concepts in Egyptian literature.
Many existing studies in the broader literature have provided various definitions
for the notion of colorism. This research relies mainly on the works of Alice Walker and
Nina G. Jablonski. In her book In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens, Walker defines
colorism as “prejudicial or preferential treatment of same-race people based solely on
their color” (1983, p. 257). In her definition, Walker points out the in-group
discriminations due to people’s color. According to her, the prejudicial and preferential
treatments are already determined by established systems of racism and white
superiority, which privileges lightness of skin and subjugates darkness of skin. What
colorism adds to those concepts is its recognition of in-group color prejudices.
Moreover, it recognizes a hierarchy within a hierarchy that rewards proximity to
whiteness and disdains proximity with blackness.
On the other hand, Jablonski describes colorism as the “systematic
discrimination against the darker-skinned members of a particular group” (2012, p. 172).
Both Walker and Jablonski recognize the attitudes that favor whiteness and disfavors
blackness. However, Jablonski's concept recognizes the discriminatory aspect of
colorism and its anti-black nature. Therefore, this research deals with anti-blackness
side by side with colorism. It also looks at anti-blackness as a factor and as an outcome
of colorism. Instead of racism, this study uses anti-blackness to define the color
6

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

prejudices and discriminatory behaviors practiced against black people in Egypt.
According to the Multicultural Resources Center of Amherst College, anti-blackness is:
Behaviors, attitudes, and practices of people and institutions that work
to dehumanize black people in order to maintain white supremacy.
Anti-blackness can also be internalized and might show up in black
people or black communities in the form of colorism, an elevation of
white culture or attempts to separate oneself from black cultural norms.
(Multicultural Resources Center, Amherst College)
The centrality of this concept to this research is that it focuses on blackness as a
target of discrimination. It asserts that the attack on blackness does not necessarily
come from a particular group. Instead, it recognizes that any act that discriminates
against blackness and favors whiteness, regardless of the perpetrator's affiliations or
skin color, is in itself anti-black. It also observes the power dynamics created by the
white privilege, which are manifested in colorism and the social stigma around
blackness. Since this research examines anti-blackness in Egypt, it is also essential to
elucidate the process of its development, that is, culture.
Among the different definitions of culture offered by scholars, this research relies
on the onion model developed by Geert Hofstede (2001). According to Hofstede, culture
can be viewed as an onion with multiple layers, some of which are visible and others
that are not (Hofstede, 2001). The visible layers can be seen in people’s behaviors and
practices. The invisible layer represents the core, and it cannot be seen. This core
represents the unconscious part that people are not fully aware of (Hofstede, 2001). The
core of culture is shaped by history, society, and values shared by influential groups in
the population (Becker & Arnold 1986; Hofstede 2001). Those factors form the core by
which the external layers, represented in people’s behaviors and practices, are built
upon. They are also the layers responsible for shaping people’s perceptions and stigmas
(Hofstede, 2001).

7

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

1.2 Aim

This research examines five main issues regarding the discussion of color prejudices and
racism in Egypt. Most importantly, this work proposes anti-blackness as a term that
describes the institutional, individual behaviors and practices that dehumanize,
ridicule, or discriminates against individuals due to the darkness of their skin.
Furthermore, this study intends to respond to the “there is no racism in Egypt” rhetoric
by proving that anti-blackness exists in Egyptian society. Dismissing such a fact means
that no change is bound to happen. Accordingly, the principal focus of this study is to
explore the cause and effect of anti-blackness in Egyptian society. In addition, this study
sheds light on the various manifestations of anti-blackness and its impact on black
people by analyzing anti-blackness in different media and news reports. The objective
here is to highlight the media’s ability to reflect anti-blackness in Egypt and its ability
to perpetuate it.

1.3 Hypothesis and Research Questions

This thesis argues that anti-blackness in Egypt is part of a multilayered socio-cultural
process that created cultural stereotypes and social stigma around blackness in the
Egyptian society. By applying Hofstede’s onion model to the Egyptian context (see
Chapter 1.1 for the definition of Hofstede model), this research views anti-blackness and
colorism as the external layers observable through Egyptians behaviors and attitudes.
Underneath those layers lies the core representing the historical and social factors that
influenced society’s prejudices and shaped its views on blackness and whiteness.
● Slavery
● Colonialism
● Nineteenth-century Elite Culture.

Colorism
Anti-Blackness

Figure 2: Hofstede's Onion Model of Culture.

8

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

This thesis examines anti-blackness in Egypt from a historical, social, and
cultural perspective. Following Hofstede’s culture model, the first part of this study
examines the core (see Figure 2). Accordingly, Chapter Two starts by examining the
socio-political structure of nineteenth-century Egypt. Next, it discusses colonialism and
its impact on the construction of whiteness. The final part of the chapter illustrates the
practice of the slave trade and reviews the status of black slaves during and after the
abolition of slavery. This chapter serves as the historical background, which provides
the framework for this study’s analysis of the empirical data. It also answers the first
question for this study, what factors led to the development of anti-blackness in Egypt?
This research examines the impact of nineteenth-century elite culture and colonialism
on the construct of whiteness to address this question.
Moreover, it discusses how Egypt’s colonization of Sudan and its history of
slavery created stigma and stereotypes around blackness. By answering this question,
this study argues that the core, represented in slavery, nineteenth-century elite culture,
and colonialism, represents the unconscious aspect of culture. In other words, those
historical factors created a culture of colorism and anti-blackness in Egyptian society.
The second part of this research examines the outer layers of Hofstede’s model,
colorism and anti-blackness. This part answers the second question this study aims to
answer, how is anti-blackness manifested in the Egyptian culture? In addition, how does
this manifestation affect black people living in Egypt? The answer to this question is
covered in two sub-parts. The first part reviews the representation of blackness in media
(Chapter Three), while the second part examines the implications of anti-blackness on
Egyptian Nubians and African immigrants (Chapter Four).
In Chapter Three, this research begins by describing the relationship between
media and culture. Next, the chapter provides an overview of three thematic categories
used to analyze the media content later in the chapter; they are blackface, racist humor,
and stereotypes. The second part of the chapter examines the portrayal of blackness in
movies, TV shows, and caricatures through the aforementioned thematic categories. In
their analysis, this chapter sheds light on colorism and anti-blackness in media.
Different media types are analyzed to observe societal views and stereotypes around
blackness and assess how this perception reflects on black people. This research argues
9

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

that the negative portrayal of blackness in Egyptian media reflects and perpetuates antiblackness in the Egyptian culture. The relationship between the two is highlighted by
linking the racist humor and negative stereotypes observed in Egyptian media with the
harassment and ridicule of Egyptian Nubians and African immigrants.
In Chapter Four, this study focuses on the implications of anti-blackness on black
people living in Egypt. This discussion is divided into two parts; the first part is focused
on Egyptian Nubians, while the second is on the Sudanese and African refugees living
in Egypt. Both parts begin by giving an overview of the two groups’ modern history and
then highlight the impact of anti-blackness on their lives in Egypt.

1.4 Sources

This research relies on academic articles and books to examine the historical factors
behind the creation and the impact of anti-blackness in Egypt. The works of Mark Perry,
Elizabeth A. Smith, and Maurita N. Poole have been central to the body of literature
discussed in this study. Perry (2006) and Poole (2011) frequently appear due to their
direct relevance to this research topic. Perry discusses the historical processes that
influenced the perception of race in Egypt and the Arab world, while Pool (2011) provides
a more focused study on Egypt. Her research provides an understanding of Egypt's
conception of race, color, and gender. Smith (2006) has been essential in the Nubian
discussion. Pool's field study and meetings with Nubians provide the basis for this
study's examination of the Nubian perspective. Viola Shafik (2007) also used in the same
discussion but from the historical perspective and the portrayal of Nubians in media.
Additionally, News reports, web articles, and NGO reports are used in this
research to present evidence of anti-blackness in the form of reported incidents of antiblack harassments and discrimination. The study performed by the Egyptian
Observatory for the Elimination of Racism (2018) provides the only available
quantitative study on anti-blackness in Egyptian media. The data examined in the
report are produced between 2007 and 2017. The data provided by this report has helped
highlight the persistence of anti-blackness in movies. This study also uses the Equal
Rights Trust Country Report (2018) to examine the experiences of Nubians and African

10

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

immigrants living in Egypt. The report provides an overview of the status of Nubians
and refugees of African descent in Egypt.
This study uses primary resources consisting of movies, TV shows, caricatures,
newspaper articles, and web videos. News articles and web videos are used in the
Chapter concerning the implications of anti-blackness to examine reported incidents of
anti-blackness harassments in contemporary Egypt. In addition, a selective sample of
media content is examined to highlight the presence of anti-blackness and colorism in
various types of media.

11

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

2 Nineteenth-Century Egypt and the Construct of Colorism

Cultural perceptions, much like other social processes, do not suddenly appear but takes
time to develop and mature. Similarly, cultural perceptions on blackness and whiteness
in Egypt developed due to various social and historical factors that took place over long
periods. Therefore, before discussing anti-blackness in Egypt, it is essential to
contextualize the historical background that set the stage for its development. Since
historical phenomena are best analyzed when they have reached a “critical mass” or
when they become what they are (Toledano, 2008), this chapter does not look at the
beginnings or the early signs of anti-blackness in Egypt. Instead, it examines the critical
societal processes and historical events that took place in contemporary Egypt. The aim
is to elucidate how those factors influenced the Egyptians’ perception of blackness.
For the greatest part of its history, Egypt has been under the control of foreign
rulers. Those rulers were usually from different ethnicities and unfamiliar cultures,
often leaving the locals unable to identify with them (Sayyid-Marsot, 2007).
Nonetheless, those encounters usually failed to cause significant changes in the local
culture. However, this changed with the ascension of Muhammad Ali to power. The
Ottoman empire appointed Muhammad Ali, who was originally was a mercenary of
Ottoman-Albanian origin, as the Ottoman viceroy of Egypt in 1805 (Overton, 1971).
During his reign, Muhammed Ali established a hereditary rule over Egypt that lasted
from 1805 until 1952 (Overton, 1971). Historians often perceive this period as the
beginning of Egyptian modern history. Many of the socio-cultural processes that took
place in this era left traces that are still present to this day in Egyptian society (SayyidMarsot 2007; Fahmy 2008; İhsanoğlu 2012). This chapter focuses on three main aspects
of this period. First, it begins with an overview of the social structure of nineteenthcentury Egypt with an emphasis on the power dynamic between the ruling strata and
lower classes. Then, it examines the impact of colonialism on the construction of
whiteness. Finally, it explores the practice of the slave trade in the same period while
looking at the position of different slave groups during the practice and after its
abolition.

12

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

2.1 Egyptian Society and the Nineteenth Century Elite Culture

Although the Egyptian society of the nineteenth century was ethnically diverse yet it
was far from homogenous. Ethnic and cultural background often had a significant effect
on one’s social position within Egyptian society at the time. Differences between the
Egyptian social strata were not only material but cultural and ethnic as well (Perry,
2006). The upper strata were represented by the royal house of Muhammad Ali, Turks,
and the Egyptian elite. Combined, they dominated Egypt’s socio-political scene during
the nineteenth and early twentieth century. They occupied all top positions of the state
bureaucracy and high ranks in the army (Toledano, 2008). They dressed, spoke, and
behaved according to the Ottoman-Turkish lifestyle, language, and tradition.
On the one hand, the ruling family and the Ottoman-Turks were known to have
maintained a distant position from the local population and only identified with the
Ottoman Empire. On the other hand, as a result of occupying a middle position
between the ruling class and the indigenous population, the Egyptian elite interacted
with both cultures, the Ottoman culture of the elites and the Egyptian-Arab culture of
the indigenous population. Nevertheless, in their desire to maintain their upper-class
status, they too attempted to distance themselves from the local customs and behavior
(Perry, 2006). This often led to the alienation of the bulk of the Egyptian society, the
lower strata.
It is essential to understand that the dissociation with the manners of the
indigenous people shaped the relationship between the ruling elite and the ruling strata
for the greatest part of nineteenth and early twentieth-century Egypt. Coming from a
foreign background of Albanian-Ottoman origin, accompanied by their idolization of
the Ottoman-Turkish culture, the ruling strata created an image of a superior other.
Although this “other” changed from time to time, the image remained unchanged, and
superiority remained an exclusive trait of the elites regardless of whom they identified
with. During their rule, the ruling family and the upper class identified with the
Ottoman empire. Thus, acting, behaving, and dressing according to the Ottomans was
a sign of belonging to the elites.

13

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Nevertheless, with the decline of the Ottoman empire and the rise of European
influence rise in the years following the British occupation of Egypt in 1882 (İhsanoğlu,
2012). As a result of this power shift, the upper strata shifted their admiration from the
old Ottoman Empire to Europe. Accordingly, they began adopting Western cultures and
traditions instead of the Ottoman (Perry, 2006). Not only did the upper-class show
admiration to the West, but also so did the Egyptian intellectuals, some of whom viewed
Europe as the “pinnacle of culture” (Perry, 2006, p. 12).
The upper-class was known for looking down on those who did not fit their
description of a civilized European. Accordingly, the indigenous Egyptian fellahin
(peasants), urban lower classes, and urban wage workers were seen as uncivilized and
backward segments of society; thus, in need to be acquainted with European modernity
(Beinin, 2001). Furthermore, the upper classes’ admiration of Europe did not stop at the
emulation of their culture but also in the adoption of Europe’s anti-African sentiments.
Perry highlights that in 1870, Khedive Ismail stated: “My country [Egypt] does not lie in
Africa but in Europe” (2006, p. 12). Through his statement, the Khedive needed to affirm
his affiliation with Europe and, more importantly, distance himself and “his country”
from Africa and what it entails. Thus, he wanted to be identified with modernity and
culture, things that were not synonymous with Africa at the time and for many decades
to come. Africa was exclusively seen as black, backward, and uncivilized (O'Connor &
Reid, 2003), all of which were characteristics that the Khedive did not want himself nor
“his” country to be identified with. Even though more than a hundred years have passed
since the Khedive made his comments, yet his perception still resonates in Egyptian
reality.
As previously mentioned, in a 2007 interview with an Egyptian newspaper, Dr.
Zahi Hawass stated: “Tutankhamun is not a Negro… [and Egyptians] are not Africans,
although Egypt lies in Africa” (The Egyptian Press Archive of CEDEJ, 2007). Hawass
continued and affirmed that Egyptians should not be considered as Africans or Arab
since they do not share the looks, physical composition, or character of both groups.
Regardless of the context or the reasoning behind his comment, Hawass’s comments
seem to be similar to those of the Khedive, which shows that traces of Egypt’s old elite
culture are still present. Although Hawass’s comments should be considered

14

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

representative of Egyptian culture, they should not also fall on deaf ears. As shown
earlier, the nature of the relationship between nineteenth-century ruling strata and
lower ones is complex and was mainly driven by the ruling elite’s cultural imposition on
the lower strata.
The nature of the ruling elite’s cultural imposition on the lower strata can be
understood through Peter Burke’s analysis of cultural hegemony and social resistance.
In his book, Burke (2013) explains that cultural hegemony occurs when the values of the
dominant class are treated as the values of the society as a whole. Accordingly, the
Khedive’s declaration that his country lies in Europe, simply because he identifies with
it. Moreover, Burke observes that the success of the cultural hegemony process is reliant
on two elements, ‘symbolic violence’ and ‘negotiation.’ Symbolic violence refers to the
ruling class’s cultural imposition on lower classes by forcing them to recognize the
ruling class’s culture as legitimate and theirs as illegitimate. The lower classes’ reaction
to this is to resist or negotiate. If the lower classes do not resist the ruling class’s values,
then a negotiation process takes place, where they adopt those values and modify them
based on their conditions (Burke, 1993). Accordingly, looking at nineteenth-century
Egyptian society, the symbolic violence can be seen in the upper strata’s rejection of the
local culture and their imposition of the Turkish and later European culture on the
lower strata. This imposition was met by the resistance of some Egyptians who rejected
westernization while remaining devoted to their Egyptian culture and traditions. It was
also met by the negotiation of others, those who chose to distance themselves from the
local customs and attempted to Westernize to be perceived as civilized members of the
elites (Perry, 2006). This behavior is known among the locals as `uqdat al-Khawaga.
`uqda is Arabic for “complex.”
Khawaga is a local colloquial term used to refer to Europeans living in Egypt.
Khawaga complex manifests insecurities resulting from one’s belief in the
inferiority of their own culture and the superiority to that of the khawaga, which they
compensate by imitating them (Golia 2004; El Amrani 2011). In addition to being used
to refer to Europeans, the term khawaga also means “master,” according to a
nineteenth-century colloquial Egyptian dictionary (Spiro, 1895). It is unclear when or
why the term khawaga was adopted to refer to Europeans; nevertheless, judging from
15

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

its meaning, one can imagine the significant position that the bearer of such title
enjoyed in Egyptian society. Commenting on that, Perry describes that the European
community that lived in the Egyptian society “represented a refined and distinguished
class. They were looked up to as races that are superior by nature. It was the utmost
ambition of any Egyptian to imitate them...” (2006, p. 12). So, it is no surprise that
notions such Khawaga complex emerge in society and that Western emulation becomes
the attitude of anyone who aspires to raise their social status in Egyptian society.
Although broad segments of the Egyptian society rejected those standards and resisted
the elite culture and the westernization of society, yet it was this perception that shaped
the Egyptian relationship to the West as well as their self-identity for the greatest part
of the nineteenth century.
Scholars have proposed different hypotheses about the reasons behind the
khawaga complex. Alpion (2017) argues that it is the product of centuries of alien rule
whose policies condescended Egyptians and placed them below their invaders in the
sociopolitical hierarchy. Golia (2004), on the other hand, observes that the khawaga
complex represents some form of “post-colonial trauma” that created a feeling of
inadequacy among the locals. Despite the differences in their interpretation to what
may have created it, yet both scholars agree that it in its essence, the khawaga complex
is manifested not only in the emulation of the “khawaga” but also in the admiration and
embrace of what they represent from notions of Western superiority and white
privilege. All of which set the standards that determine what is desirable and what is
not. Those standards were not limited to clothing and etiquette but included matters
such as skin color, race, and culture (Perry, 2006).

2.2 Slavery in Egypt and the Perspectives on Black and White People

Whilst scholars, such as Perry and Dixon & Telles, contend that it was the colonial
period that brought notions such as European superiority and whiteness to the issue of
race, nonetheless, they were just additional elements to an already complex issue in the
Arab world. As Dixon et al. assert, Western colonization added salt to an already open
wound by introducing western racism to an already color-conscious society. In their

16

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

practice of slave trade, Arabs associated darkness of skin with inferiority and
primitiveness, while the lightness of skin was linked to superiority and status (Jablonski
2012; Dixon and Telles 2017). If the Egyptian society’s understanding of whiteness and
race has been shaped by the nineteenth-century elite culture and colonial rule, much of
the society’s perception towards blackness has to do with its involvement in the slave
trade.
Whenever the word “slavery” comes to mind, it is often linked to the American
South or the colonial rule of Africa; nevertheless, Arabs were involved in its practice
long before the European colonizers set foot in the region (Ohlson, 2013). For hundreds
of years, slaves were brought from different parts of Africa and were traded in slave trade
markets in North Africa. Moreover, due to its central location between Africa and Asia,
the passage through Egypt was one of the classical trade routes laid since medieval times
(Lewis, 1990). Annual caravans filled with slaves arrived in Egypt every year. A portion
of those slaves was traded in the slave markets of Cairo, while the rest were transported
to other parts of Arabia and the Persian Gulf (Gordon, 1992). Slaves in the Arab world
were brought from different regions. They were classified into different groups based
on their origin, skin color, and sex (Lewis, 1990). The majority of slaves came from
different parts of Africa, either sold by slave traders or brought from Egypt’s then colony
of Sudan through a taxation system that required border regions, such as the Siwa Oasis,
Upper Egypt, Nubia, and Sudan, to pay their taxes in slaves (Gordon, 1992). Other slaves
were brought from the Caucasus region or were Greek war prisoners and captives
brought in during military campaigns in the early nineteenth century (Baer, 1967).
Different slave groups were valued differently, and some enjoyed more privileges
than others (Lewis, 1990). Much of the Egyptian society’s color-consciousness comes
from the role that skin color played in determining the value and role assigned to each
slave. Baer explains that a simple classification of slaves in nineteenth-century Egypt is
“white, brown or bronze, black and according to sex” (1967, p. 717). Differences in skin
color and sex created a hierarchy among slaves. White slaves, in particular, were on top
of the slave hierarchy. For six hundred years before Muhammad Ali’s rule, Egypt has
been ruled by military elites who were initially white slaves, also known as Mamluks
(Baer, 1967). Despite having their rule end by Muhammad Ali, mamluks continued to

17

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

be bought and sold, mainly among wealthy Turks, and they occupied important
positions, especially in the army.
On the other hand, white female slaves also occupied high positions serving as
concubines in the harem of the royal family and wealthy Turks. Lewis (1990) observes
that the price of a white slave could be as high as ten times as that of other slaves. This
made them beyond the reach of many Egyptians and almost exclusive to the royal family
and wealthy Turks. At a lower level came the Abyssinians or Habash as they were
referred to (Current day Ethiopians); despite not being as valuable as white slaves, they
were still more favored than their darker counterparts. Thanks to their light brown skin
complexion and Arabic-like facial features, Abyssinians occupied an intermediate level
between white and black slaves (Perry, 2006).
Moreover, they too served as concubines for upper and middle-class Egyptians
who could not afford the cost of the more expensive white slaves. The impact that skin
color had on slaves’ status was recognized by their owners and slaves themselves. Lewis
presents the following statement, by Edward Lane, who was in Egypt between 1833 and
1835, describing Abyssinians as follow:
They themselves, however, think that they differ so little from the white
people that they cannot be persuaded to act as servants, with due
obedience, to their master's wives; and the black (or negro) slave-girl
feels exactly in the same manner towards the Abyssinian, but is
perfectly willing to serve the white ladies. (Lewis, 1990, p. 131).
In his statement, Lane describes what seems to be a power dynamic where
Abyssinians perceive their relative privilege brought by their lighter skin; thus, they
were reluctant to engage in servant work expected to be handled by the lesser slave, the
“negro” slave-girl. Both Baer and Lewis point out that “Negros” or the “true blacks” were
assigned the menial work in the household; even in the presence of other slaves or free
servants, they were the ones expected to do the most demanding jobs. Although they
were all slaves, yet it seems that some were more enslaved than others. black slaves were
located at the very bottom of the slave hierarchy, mainly doing domestic work, with
very few retained as concubines for members of the lower classes (Lewis, 1990). Despite
being the least desired among all slave groups, however, due to their inexpensiveness,
18

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

their numbers were far more than those of white slaves and Abyssinians combined
(Perry, 2006). This was also caused by the rising need for them after the flow of white
slaves was disrupted by the Russian acquisition of the Caucasus region, the primary
source of white slaves in the region (Lewis, 1990).
Apart from black slaves, domestic work was also handled by what Lewis refers to
as “free blacks”; those were brought from southern Egyptian regions of Nubia and
Sudan. They were employed, not owned, and worked mainly as servants and doormen
(Lewis, 1990). Although they were considered free, however, Nubians and Sudanese
were looked down on by Egyptians. What can be considered as an extension to the elite
culture of nineteenth-century Sudan is described by Powell (2003) as “the perspective
of the colonized colonizer” (2003, p. 6). This refers to the Turkish-speaking ruling elite’s
adoption of the colonial mentality to the extent that they were dealing with Sudanese
as barbarians who need to be civilized. While Egyptians were sent to Sudan as teachers
to “civilize,”; Sudanese, both slaves and free, were sent to Egypt by the thousands to
work as domestic servants, doormen, and wagon drivers (Powell, 2003). Even after the
abolition of slavery, Sudanese were relied on by the upper and middle class for
domestics service, which is why those jobs remain associated with them in the minds of
many Egyptians to this day (Downing & Gamil, 2020).

2.3 The Status of Black People after the Abolisihion of Slavery

The nineteenth century is a period that witnessed both the rise and the demise of the
slave trade. The abolition of the slave trade in Egypt was not sudden and swift but took
almost four decades, starting from the banning of the slave trade in 1854 till its total
demise in the 1890s (Lewis, 1990). Even after the abolition, life was more challenging for
black slaves than for white ones. Despite the difficulties brought in by slavery, scholars
have argued that manumission brought tremendous suffering for black slaves (Baer
1967, Kozma 2010). In the absence of family, community, and guild networks,
manumitted life seemed much harder for black slaves than their life in bondage.
According to Kozma (2010): “The centrality of skin color to the system of slavery, and
the importance of social networks to individual identity and to her economic and social

19

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

survival made freed life,…, a difficult task for freed women of African origins.” (2010, p.
206).
According to Baer, “among the 8,092 slaves manumitted between August 1877
and November 1882, there were no more than 22 white male slaves” (1967, p. 418).
Female black slaves represented the majority of this number, and they were the most
vulnerable as well. Moreover, Kozma points out that “A black woman, wandering the
streets of Cairo …was assumed, by default, to be a slave, unless she could prove
otherwise.” (Kozma, 2010, p. 207). Kozma also highlights that when a black slave was
seen in the streets of Cairo, it was quite common for them to be kidnapped and resold.
It was their black skin, and sometimes clothing, that put them in those vulnerable
positions.
After manumission, slaves were often left with few choices to choose from.
Kozma observes that female slaves either remained working for their master as servants,
settled into marital life, or resorted to prostitution. Male slaves, on the other hand, were
usually conscripted after manumission and could either remain in Egypt or go back to
Sudan if they choose to. What is evident in those observations is that as unfair as the
practice of the slave trade was, so was its abolishment. The biggest losers and most
vulnerable in both processes were black slaves, who not only endured racism in slavery
but continued to suffer from its effects even as free folks.
Many scholars and historians contended that slavery in Egypt, much like other
parts of the Arab world, was not as harsh as slavery in the West (Baer 1967; Shafik, 2007).
This argument is often based on the fact that slaves were commonly well treated and
that their rights were protected under Islamic law, which also encouraged their
manumission (Lewis 1990; Kozma 2010; King 2019). On the other hand, slaves in the
United States, for example, were lowered to a sub-human category and were considered
as their owners’ property to whom they use as they please (King, 2019). Furthermore,
slaves’ offspring were born slaves and considered their masters’ property, unlike slaves
in the Arab world whose offspring were born free (Lewis, 1990). Many scholars have
used those and many other examples to distinguish between the practice of slavery on
both sides.

20

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Moreover, Lewis (1990) argues that slaves’ most significant difficulties were in
the process of their acquisition and transportation. Later, their status was not far away
from that of the free poor. Similarly, Powell (2010) observes that historical records
support that slavery in the Arab world was milder than elsewhere; however, he also
recognizes that this view is an oversimplification of the status of slaves in Egypt.
Scholars who assert the mildness of slavery in Egypt and the Arab world look at
the slave institution from a narrow perspective. The status of slaves ought not to be
judged by looking at slaves as one bulk having the same experiences. This perception
overlooks the impact of slaves’ skin color, sex, and the location in which they were
enslaved and how those factors have influenced their experience. Moreover, scholars
who vouch for the mildness of slavery in the Arab world are the same ones who
recognize the discrimination in its practice (Baer, 1967; Kozma, 2010; Lewis, 1990; King,
2019). The institution of the slave trade was built on the unfair and unequal treatment
of slaves, both during its practice and after its prohibition. Slaves came in all colors and
were brought from different ethnic backgrounds, Greeks, Georgians, Circassians,
Abyssinians, Sudanese, and even poor Egyptian children whom their parents sold out
of poverty (Baer, 1967), nonetheless, the word `abd (Arabic for slave), stuck only with
black people and became a marker of their blackness (Perry, 2006). To this day, the
word `abd is used to insult black people in Egypt (Magdy, 2020).
Lewis (1990) asserts that there have always been free and enslaved people of all
colors in the Arab world. However, he argues that the association between blackness
and slavery came to be with the increasing number of black slaves and the decline of
their white counterparts. Moreover, he points out to Arab and Muslim scholars who
adopted the Aristotelian view that some groups were created to be enslaved, but he
contends that those views were unpopular and were rejected mainly by Muslim Jurists.
Lewis (1990) and Perry (2006) observe a sense of ambiguity regarding race and color and
how they are positioned in the Arab world. They recognize that prejudices in the Arab
world differed according to time and place and that they were ethnic, tribal, and based
on color but not racial, at least not as the Western’s understanding of the term.
Although, perry (2006) contends the absence of a “prevailing ideology of race based on

21

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

color” (p. 14). However, he also asserts that skin color holds a great value and that it is
indeed a sign of beauty and a marker of high status.
Smiths (2006) asserts that the perception of color in Egypt is not viewed as a
group identity, such as white, black, or brown, instead, from its association with other
social elements like class, region, family, and religion. Moreover, she also asserts that
color in Egypt is not just viewed as a sign of beauty but also “as a marker of former or
assumed current class status, or origin in servant occupation” (Smith, 2006, p. 412). As
previously discussed, a multitude of factors created this understanding over the years.
For instance, during the practice of the slave trade, fairness of skin was seen as a form
of capital. Moreover, throughout the years, fair skin came hand in hand with high status.
For the greatest part of its history, Egypt has been ruled by foreign rulers. From the
Tulunid period until the early twentieth century, Egyptian upper strata were made up
of elites of foreign descent, namely, Greeks, Turks, and Macedonians, all of whom were
conscious of their lighter skin complexion, and their families often chose similar spouses
for their children (Perry, 2006). The domination of the Turkish culture during the
nineteenth century set the Turkish features of light skin and light-colored eyes as the
standards of beauty in Egyptian society. Those standards also persisted with the elite’s
adoption of European standards and lifestyle in the second half of the century, which
introduced the notion of European superiority to the Egyptian culture. A notion that
was further imposed with the British seventy years occupation of Egypt from 1882 until
1952. Putting all those factors into consideration, it comes as no surprise that the fairness
of skin becomes synonymous with prestige and high status, while the darkness of skin
becomes associated with slavery, poverty, and lower classes.
The impulse to emulate foreigners is evident in popular perceptions of
beauty. Far from idealizing the attractions of the dark-eyed and honeyhued, favor attaches to the so-called Caucasian type generally
associated with foreigners and upper-crust Egyptians. Some Cairenes
may recall that several centuries of their city’s history belonged to the
original Caucasians, the ones from the Caucasus … whose features
include light skin and light-colored eyes. Whether associated

22

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

consciously or not with the old ruling class, there is a marked preference
for so-called Caucasian attributes. (Golia, 2004, p. 128)
Golia concludes that whether Egyptians are aware of the source of their
preferences or not, the Egyptian beauty standards are undeniably in line with the
features of their old Ottoman elites. A simple examination of Egyptian popular culture
can easily show traces of this legacy. This can be seen in street billboard advertisements
that portray European-looking models with little to no resemblance to the Egyptian
population (El-Geressi, 2020). Contact lenses, hair, and skin bleaching products are
some of the tools used by the wider population to attain this look. Golia (2004) recalls
a television advertisement for “fair and lovely,” a skin bleaching cream, that promises a
young girl a role in her school play if she lightens her skin so she could be beautiful for
the role. In the end, the message that the advertisements convey is that dark is ugly and
white is beautiful. So, the aspiration to lightness does not come alone; it is usually
accompanied by resentment to darkness.
Despite the narrative of a benign history of slavery in the Arab world, yet one
thing is out of the question: the practice that lasted for almost 1300 years was built on a
hierarchy of skin color (King, 2019). A hierarchy that entailed that light is better than
dark. Slavery and the nineteenth-century construction of whiteness left a legacy that
still occupies a significant position in Egyptian culture. Whether directly or indirectly,
it has played a significant role in creating social stigmas around blackness and popular
perceptions of beauty, status, and class. Accordingly, the next part of this research is set
to observe the impact of this legacy on popular perceptions of blackness in Egypt by
examining black representation in Egyptian media.

23

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

3 Anti-blackness in the Egyptian Media

For many decades, the broad reach of mass media has allowed it to play a significant
role in society. For a long time, media acted as the “key filter” in which people learn
about one another (Ross, 2019). The extent to which media influences culture and vice
versa have been debated among scholars for a long time (Zhen, 2016). Nevertheless, one
thing is undebatable, that is the interrelationship nature between the two. Dakroury
(2014) explicates that “media narratives and discourses are created within different
forms of texts and images that are complexly related to the cultural perceptions and
practices of both those who produce and consume them” (Dakroury, 2014, p. 1). In other
words, the media acts as an input and an output to the cultural values of society. Not
only does media reflect those values, but it helps reinforce them as well (Understanding
Media and Culture, 2016).
Thanks to its oldest and regionally influential movie and TV industry, Egypt has
dominated the local and the regional media scene from the twentieth century onwards
(Sadek, 2006). Movies and TV shows produced in Egypt are the most widely viewed in
Egypt and the Arab world (Wynn, 2007). For many decades, the Egyptian media
industry has played a significant role in representing and influencing popular
perceptions of Egyptian culture (Downing & Gamil, 2020). As a vital element in Egyptian
society, media provides a valuable tool to observe socio-cultural perceptions.
Consequently, this part examines the impact of the socio-cultural processes highlighted
in Chapter Two on the negative portrayal of blackness in Egyptian media. This study
focuses on three thematic categories in its analysis of anti-black representation in
media; they are stereotypes, racist humor, and blackface impersonation. The first part
of the chapter focuses on defining each category and observing how it manifests in
Egyptian culture. The second part of the chapter examines the three categories in a
purposive sample of five movies, four caricatures, and two TV shows.

3.1 Thematic Categories
3.1.1 Stereotypes

24

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Stereotypes are identified as “fundamentally incorrect and derogatory generalizations
of group traits, reflective of the stereotyper’s underlying prejudices” (Bordalo, Coffman,
Gennaioli, & Shleifer, 2015, p. 1). The negative aspect of stereotypes lies in its
generalizing, often incorrect, perceptions and judgments of groups of people. Those
judgments are not based on the stereotyped people themselves, as much as it is on the
perceptions of those in power. Moreover, as more people believe and spread stereotypes,
the longer and stronger those stereotypes become. With media and its influence on
mass culture, stereotypes could now be exchanged and spread on a broader scale. Ross
(2019) observes that media can make stereotypes normalized through repetition, thus,
influencing people’s perceptions about particular groups.
Nineteenth-century development of an Egyptian national identity accompanied
by the rising power of mass media replaced the scattered old forms of regional identity
with a new collective Egyptian identity (Fahmy, 2011). This new collective identity was,
more or less, influenced by the memory of hundreds of years of foreign rule and slave
trade, which shaped many of society’s social attitudes and stereotypes about skin color
and class (see Chapter 2.3). By the end of the nineteenth century, Egyptians have already
formulated fixed perceptions and stereotypes about different social groups, such as the
Ottoman elites, khawaga, and others (Fahmy, 2011). Those perceptions and stereotypes
were shared through various types of newly rising popular media at the time, such as
satirical press and theatre (Fahmy, 2011). In his analysis of the Egyptian mass culture
between the 1890s and 1910s, Ziad Fahmy observes that theatrical, comedic sketches
criticized and mocked those perceived by the locals as outsiders. Cultural stereotypes,
foreign accents, and the mispronunciation of colloquial Egyptian were all elements used
to create comedic effects in those sketches. Characters portrayed in those sketches
included Nubians and Sudanese as well as Egyptian-Turkish elites and Europeans as
well.
Nonetheless, it was the Nubians and Sudanese who were most ridiculed. Fahmy
observes that “the Nubians and Sudanese were arguably the most maligned “outsider”
group; they were mercilessly stereotyped for cheap laughs by most forms of Egyptian
mass culture.” (2011, p. 71). Four out of twelve recorded comedic sketches observed by

25

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Fahmy included satirical stereotypes about Nubian and sub-Saharan Africans (Fahmy,
2011).
Many of those stereotypes were influenced by the nineteenth-century slave trade
and its association of slavery with blackness, which haunted Nubians and Sub-Saharan
Africans during and after the abolition of slavery. Besides, the abolition of the slave trade
created a need for paid laborers. Nubians and Sudanese migrated from Egypt’s Southern
regions to Cairo and other big cities to work as servants, cooks, and doormen for upperclass members (Smith 2006, Powell 2003). Even if not entirely black, their dark skin was
perceived by aristocrats to be suitable to replace their former slaves, thus maintaining
their prestige (Smith, 2006).
With the rise of the movie industry in the twentieth century, satirical stereotypes
about Nubian and sub-Saharan Africans found
their way to this new form of media. Nubians and
Sudanese were represented in stereotypical roles
portraying them as uncultured people who
mispronounce Arabic or speak in fast dialects to
make it sound funny for Arabic-speaking Egyptian
audiences (Downing & Gamil, 2020). They were
usually cast as “the guard who sits, eats and does
little else” (Downing & Gamil, 2020, p. 4). During

Figure 3: Nubian actor in a Servant role (Article: Mohamed Kamel The Most Famous
Servant in the History of Cinema) Image (Gololy.com, 2012).

the first half of the twentieth century, movie roles that involved cooks, servants, and
doormen were assigned almost exclusively to Nubians (See Figure 3) (Smith, 2006;
Shafik, 2007). To the extent that in October 1960, the head of Egypt’s drama censor,
Mohamed Aly Nacef, requested Egyptian directors and moviemakers to stop assigning
servant roles exclusively to black people (Perry, 2006). This state-led initiative was part
of Egypt’s pan-Africanism in the 1950s and 60s to form an African alliance against
western imperialism (Perry, 2006). It is hard to know if this initiative resulted from
realizing the negative stereotypes inherited from the past or bringing Egypt closer to its
African neighbors. To illustrate, during this period, Nasser aimed to open up Egypt
towards Africa and for Egypt to merge its Arabness along with its Africanness. This was
also shared by other African leaders who shared Nasser’s pan-Africanism. Kwame

26

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Nkrumah, the first president of Ghana, married an Egyptian woman in what was
perceived as a symbol of the unity of sub-Saharan Africa with Arab Africa (Biney, 2011).
Nevertheless, it was hard for this merger to materialize in reality. According to
Perry (2006), widespread use of the word barbari in Egypt until the 1960s was a
manifestation of a deep Egyptian feeling of superiority towards black people. However,
Shafik (2007) refutes this opinion, asserting that barbari in Arabic has a linguistic
connotation rather than a cultural one. Moreover, Shafik observes that barbari in
colloquial Egyptian signifies black and speaks incomprehensible Arabic from the area
south of Aswan. In other words, it can be seen as a marker of ethnicity rather than color.
On the other hand, Shafik observes that the positioning of Nubians regarding
their Egyptian counterparts is reminiscent of the historical perception of Egypt’s Sudan.
As a legacy of Egypt’s old colony, Nubia, much like Sudan, was perceived as the “younger
uncivilized brother” (Shafik, 2007, p. 71). This image was reflected in the role of the naïve
barbari servant, who is in constant need of Egyptian guidance. An image blindly adopted
by the Egyptian cinema and passed for future generations did not stop and question
their inherited notions.

3.1.2 Racist Humor

As an art that is supposed to bring joy to people, it has for long caused pain nothing but
pain for many. Racist humor has been the subject of debate for quite some time;
nevertheless, it has not yet received the attention it deserves. This concept is central for
the discussion because most of the media content examined in this chapter revolves
around humorous content that has been deemed by some as racist while others as “just
a joke.” This has been the same discussion around racist humor, whether it should be
judged by its intention or be considered racist regardless of the beliefs and intentions
of its makers (Anderson, 2015).
First, it is essential to highlight that this research is concerned mainly with
humor involving wordplay, impersonations, and jokes. Humor studies provide various
approaches and theories about the nature of humor and what should be counted as
such. Nonetheless, two of those approaches are relevant to the discussion, the
27

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

superiority theory approach and the “exculpatory approach” (Weaver, 2007). Their
relevance lies in examining both sides of the debate around racist humor; those who
view it as an acceptable form of expression and those who consider it offensive.
As one of the oldest approaches in humor studies, the superiority theory has been
the starting point for developing many other theories. According to the superiority
theory, “humor and laughter are created from, and convey, a sense of superiority over
the object of laughter. Humor is described as a and noteworthy means of mocking and
ridiculing the subject of the joke, so describing laughter with a particularly invective
intentionality” (Weaver, 2007, p. 27). Not only does it recognize humor as a form of
ridicule, but it also recognizes the power dynamic between the person who make the
joke and the subject of laughter. Moreover, it also observes that humor is practiced with
the intention to ridicule and insult the subject of the joke, which is why it has been used
as a basis for critiquing racist humor (Weaver, 2007). This is why many superiority
theorists assert that humor must be managed to reduce the adverse effects caused by its
misuse (Weaver, 2007)
On the other hand, Weaver reflects that proponents of the “exculpatory
approach” view humor as a harmless form of expression or simply as “just a joke”
(Weaver, 2007, p. 19). Weaver responds to that by asserting that this approach gives
little attention to the meaning behind the joke and its impact. The belief in the harmless
nature of racist humor denies the pain inflicted by it. Also, to minimize racist humor
from being a form of ridicule to a form of expression ignores the power dynamic
between the one who makes the joke and the subject of laughter. Downing & Gamil
explicate that “The frequent slipperiness of humor, its double edge of wit and pain,
wound and release, can masquerade and mute its actual menace” (Downing & Gamil,
2020, p. 5). Their observation of humor’s double edge shares Weaver’s concern about
the difference between the content of the joke and the intention behind it, which is the
same narrative adopted in the Arab region’s denial of humor as a form of racism, with
the excuse that it is “just a joke” (Downing & Gamil, 2020).

3.1.3 Blackface Impersonation

28

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Blackface is a practice that goes back to the nineteenth-century United States when
white actors would paint themselves in black to act on minstrels when black actors were
not allowed on stage (Green, 1998). It was known for its reliance on the display of
exaggerated black features such as a black painted face, big red lips, and wooly hair
(Weaver, 2007). Actors in blackface often used black stereotypes and exaggerated dance
moves for comedic effects. Despite its emphasis on negative stereotypes and black
mockery, it was trendy in the nineteenth and twentieth century (Sammond, 2015). The
black-painted buffoonish persona remained unchanged and was even acted by black
people, who had to commit to the character’s stereotypes familiar to their white
audience (Green, 1998). This infamous form of comedy is considered one of the first
negative stereotypes of blackness in media (Gaskins, 2012). Its reliance on negative
stereotypes as a form of entertainment led to the construction of a subhuman image
associated with blackness in popular culture. Despite many outstanding achievements
done by black people, the images created by those stereotypes are the ones that endure
in media to this day (Gaskins, 2012).

Figure 4: Ali Al-Kassar in Uthman ‘Abd al-Basit character - top right, A newspaper advertisement for Ali-Al-Kassar's
theatrical troupe – Image (Youm7.com, 2015).

In the early twentieth century, blackface was introduced to the Egyptian culture
through the theatre and movie comedian Ali Al-Kassar (Tam, 2020). Although he was
neither black nor Nubian, he was best known for his heavily stereotyped black-faced
Nubian character known as Uthman ‘Abd al-Basit or Al-Barbari Uthman (See Figure 4)

29

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

(Fahmy, 2011). It is worth noting that Al-Barbari is an Egyptian term that has been used
to refer to Nubians and Sudanese until the twentieth century (Smith, 2006). The term
became generally rejected among contemporary Nubians and is considered derogatory
and condescending as it entails buffoonish behavior and lack of culture (Downing &
Gamil, 2020; Smith, 2006).
In the early twentieth century, Al-Kassar’s character was met with great success,
making Uthman a cultural icon that has influenced Nubians' Egyptian popular
perceptions ever since (Tam, 2020). Just like in the United States where the stereotypical
Black Sambo became so popular that it was used in games, postcards, and children’s
stories (Green, 1998), so was Al-barbari Uthman, whose character was also used in a
number of animated advertisements for cleaning products during the 1940s (Shafik,
2007).
The popularity of Al-Kassar’s character comes from its use of a Nubian stereotype
familiar to many during the time. Tam observes that Uthman was portrayed as a “naïve,
simple, unsophisticated, even mischievous character, but always streetwise and kindhearted” (2020, p. 2). He also argues that the intention behind Uthman was not to mock
black people. On the contrary, Al-Kassar presented the dark-skinned barbari as a
genuine Egyptian figure (Tam, 2020). Nevertheless, many of the roles played by Uthman
depicted him in menial or domestic work. Although those roles were representative of
many Sudanese and Nubians working on the same jobs (Shafik, 2007), they also overshadowed others who were merchants, scholars, poets, and politicians (Tam, 2020).
The dilemma of Al-Kassar’s character is that although it did bring black
Egyptians closer to the public, portraying them as fellow members of society, it also
created a stereotype around them that brought even more harm than the image of a
foreign barbari that it attempted to challenge. On the one hand, many of Al-Kassar's
comedic sketches emphasized the Egyptianness of Uthman with his black skin and
Nubian accent, challenging the cultural image of an alien barbari. On the other hand, it
also undermined those same characteristics by making them the butt of many of his
jokes. As popular as the character was, so was the popularity of what it portrayed: “a
precarious and dubious position for blacks in Egyptian society,…[despite being] beloved

30

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

members of the Egyptian family, but at the same time, always inferior, subservient,
inheritors of a legacy of mastering Nubia and colonizing the Sudan” (Tam, 2020, p. 11).
Tam and Fahmy contend that Al-Kassar’s adoption did not mock black people
since Uthman was always positively portrayed. The same can be said about the character
of Sambo, the happy slave; he too was portrayed as the lazy, carefree, joyful character;
nonetheless, it created negative stereotypes and shaped the behaviors towards AfricanAmericans for many generations (Green, 1998). Even if Al-Kassar’s intentions were
benign, the way he portrayed Nubians created stereotypes that still haunt many
Nubians (Smith, 2006). The image of naïve Nubian character persisted and was played
by many others in Egyptian movies, often with the same name and persona created by
Al-Kassar (Tam, 2020). Their complexion, which is darker than most Egyptians, and
broken Arabic, portrayed Nubians as the other in the Egyptian society and movies
(Smith, 2006; Shafik, 2007). To this day, blackface remains unchallenged in Egyptian
movies and TV shows. Many actors still rely on Blackface as part of their comedy
performances, as shall be seen in the next part.

3.2 Anti-blackness in Egyptian Media
3.2.1 Movies

Just as movies reflect the anxieties, beliefs, and values of the cultures
that produce them, they also help to shape and solidify a culture’s
beliefs. (Understanding Media and Culture, 2016, p. 349.)

Since its early days and the negative portrayal of black people has been part of the
Egyptian movie industry. Black actors are either given secondary roles or cast in a
stereotyped character. Apart from Mohamed Zaki and few others, black actors are rarely
given leading roles in movie productions (Perry, 2006). In contrast, actors with light
skin, especially those with white European features, are the ones who tend to be more
represented in Egyptian movies. Whenever black actors are involved in a comedy
production, racist humor always finds a way. It seems that the comparison of one’s
darkness of skin with dark objects or the implication that it is the cause of misfortune

31

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

is the go-to joke for scriptwriters. More importantly, those jokes almost always find their
way among Egyptians, known for using movie quotes, known as afashat, in their dayto-day sarcasm and humor (Tera, 2018). Some of the movies analyzed in this part involve
stereotypes or wearing blackface, yet they all contain racist humor, either implied or
clearly stated.
#1 Al-Anesa Mama – [Mrs. Mama] (1950) is one movie among many where black
people do the servant role. Their role is usually secondary and often barely noticeable.
However, in this movie, the black portrayal goes a bit further than just a stereotypical
role. This movie was done by two of the most famous singers in Egypt at the time, Sabah
and Mohamed Fawzy. Their movie revolves around Nemra, an aspiring singer who
wishes to get a chance to sing with a famous singer, Mounir, in one of his latest operetta.
When she applies, he refuses to pick her, so she comes up with a plan where she
pretends to have been sent to him by the servant recruiter to work as a maid, and that
she had to do so because she does not have a job. Moreover, while she is working for
him, she uses the opportunity to convince him of her talent.
On her first day at the job, Nemra encounters one Nubian servant who asks her
in a stereotypical mispronounced Arabic if she is a new servant in the building. She says
“yes.” Then he responds, “Isn’t it unfair for such beauty to be a servant,” and she replies
sarcastically, “what else can I be, a wetnurse?” While they have their conversation, two
more Nubian servants join and start talking to each other in the Nubian dialect. Then
each one did the same by introducing himself and asking if she is working in the
building. The scene shifts to the kitchen and Nemra enters, followed by the three
servants, and a song begins. She leans on the table, and the three servants start going in
circles around her, singing for her. The song is about them praising her white beauty
while highlighting their blackness. The intention of the song is that each one of them is
trying to prove their admiration and love for her.
The song begins with one of them saying, “I am a servant to the dirt you step on
with your feet.” Then he goes around while another one comes to say his part. In another
part, one of the servants sings, “you are the cheese, and I am the olive,” referring to her
whiteness and his blackness. Then he goes, and another one approaches her and sings,
“ya foshar abyad, ana Sudani” or “Oh you, white popcorn. I am Sudanese/peanut.” In
32

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Arabic, the word Sudani means, black, peanuts and Sudanese. So, it is meant as a pun.
They continue singing for her highlighting, the redness of her cheeks and the smallness
of her lips. Then suddenly, Mounir shouts from a distance, and all of a sudden, the three
servants hide underneath the kitchen table. He enters the kitchen, wondering who was
singing, and she explains that it must be the radio. He insists that someone must be in
the kitchen and then starts to search for that person. On his way to the table, she runs
to stop him from looking under the table and tells him nothing but vegetables is under
the table. When he lifts the table sheet, he sees the three servants looking at him with
a goofy smile. Then he turns to her jokingly and says, “you left the vegetables until they
got burnt and turned into coal.” She responds, “this is vegetables, black eggplants.” Then
he runs to grab a broom while shouting, “I will blacken your lives” while chasing them
outside of his house. Throwing jokes about comparing the darkness of skin with burnt
things, coal, or dark vegetables is a common element in racist humor, and it will be seen
repeated in many parts.
After Nemra has told Mounir about the Truth in another scene, they both sat
together with a friend. The three servants show up and begin to argue with one another
in their fast, funny dialect. The three actors begin laughing at the childlike argument,
and one of them asks them to speak in Arabic. Then each one of the three servants
responds by saying that Nerma should marry him. Mounir and his friend laugh again
and respond in a patronizing way over how they can divide Nemra among the three of
them. In the same patronizing voice, Nemra responds with a smile and addresses them
like young children fighting over a toy, that she cannot marry them because she is
married to Mounir. Then the three servants get shocked that she will not marry any of
them and leave disappointed.
Throughout the movie, the Nubian servant stereotype was applied to the last
detail, starting from jokes about blackness to the portrayal of Nubian and Sudanese
dialects as the funny-sounding unclear one. They were all a staple in any role involving
Sudanese or Nubians (Smith, 2006). Although the servants were shown as funny, lovable
characters, they were also negatively portrayed as naïve people with almost childlike
behavior who were thinking about nothing throughout the movie but marrying the
white girl whom they praised every detail of her whiteness.

33

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

#2 Saidi Fil Game'a Al-Americeya – [An Upper Egyptian at the AUC] (1998) is
probably the movie with the most significant number of anti-black jokes among the
movies analyzed in this research. The only target of all of those jokes is Samara, derived
from samra, meaning the black one. Samara is a black prostitute that encounters Khalaf,
the movie protagonist, on different occasions throughout the movie. Samara’s role
secondary, yet whenever she appears, a color joke is made. In one of the scenes, Khalaf
and Samara meet for sex. When she turns off the bedroom light, Khalaf says, “why did
you turn off the light? You are dark enough.” Then when they are getting ready for sex
in the darkroom, Khalaf sounds confused and then says, “I cannot identify your hand
from your leg from your head, damn you!” He is referring to his struggle with seeing her
black skin in the dark. Names and references are made about Samara’s black features
throughout the movie. She is referred to as a piece of coal, and that her hair is as coarse
as the metal coils used to wash the dishes, even her face is blamed for the death of
someone in the movie, referring to the bad omen brought in by her blackness. Another
remark for black as synonymous with misfortune is made when Khalaf tells his friends,
“everyone gets red nights, but only I get a black night.” In Egypt, a black night is an
expression that refers to a bad day characterized by bad luck and misfortune. On the
other hand, red nights are a reference to fun nights that usually include sex. The movie
When Khalaf sings a shokalata (chocolate) song for Samara, the song lyrics are not free
from references to her skin. In one part, he sings, “it darkened, it browned, it burnt, but
it is still a sweet potato.” The supposed words of admiration compare the darkness of
black skin to a dark burnt sweet potato.
In addition to the negative references and continuous ridicule, Samara has also
been othered. After Khalaf has been evicted from his apartment in one scene, Samara
invites him over to stay in her place. Khalaf responds jokingly, “Where? in Burkina
Faso?” Throughout the movie, there has not been any implication that Samara was a
foreigner. She has been speaking fluent Egyptian dialect. However, the movie producers
added the joke, implying that if someone is black, then they must be West African.
Another noticeable remark, in most of her scenes, Samara does not appear to be
uncomfortable or upset with Khalaf’s jokes and ridicule. On the contrary, she is
constantly laughing even her blackness is the butt of the jokes. The movie makes it seem

34

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

as if the ridicule of blackness is perceived as funny, even to black people. Samara’s role
in the movie is small and insignificant to the movie plot. The movie does show Samara
as a fun, kind person who offers Khalaf help when no one does. She even falls for him
due to the kindness he shows to her. However, Khalaf ends up with the fair-skinned
Egyptian. Samara’s blackness was constantly satirized, starting from the choice of her
name, which means “the black one,” to the condescending references made throughout
the movie. Following the footsteps of the movie, a 2006 report shows that Samara, along
with “oong boonga” are some of the many verbal harassments that are shouted at
Sudanese and Sub-Saharan Africans living in Egypt (Azzam, 2006) (For further
discussion, see Chapter 4.2).
#3 Halo Amrika – [Hello America] (2000). This movie features Bakhit and his
fiancé Adeela who are unable to marry due to financial difficulties, which makes Bakhit
turn to his cousin who lives in the United States to invite them to visit to find a better
opportunity and finally be able to get married. Soon after his arrival, Bakhit realizes that
his cousin has lost his Egyptian values of generosity and hospitality after he starts
making them pay for their stay by working for him as cheap labor. Bakhit and his fiancé
end up homeless in the street with no means for a living and with a visa that is about to
expire. Bakhit meets someone who promises him an arranged marriage with an
American woman to secure him legal grounds to stay. In one scene As Bakhit is waiting
for his bride to arrive with flowers. As she arrives, Barbara appears as an obese AfricanAmerican with large coarse hair and heavy make-up. Bakhit appears to be in shock and
immediately asks the person who set the marriage if it is just on paper, out of his fear
from his wife to be who appears to have a much bigger body than himself. Barbara soon
shouts asking for the money in exchange for her services and escorts both Bakhit and
Adeela, who then pretends to be Bakhit’s sister, to her caravan after she agreed to host
them in exchange for some extra money. While they are walking, Bakhit throws away
the flowers he brought in disappointment.
The scene then moves to Barbara’s caravan, where the three of them appear to
be sharing the same bed. While Barbara is sleeping, Bakhit and Adeela agree to go
outside to have some intimate time away from Barbara. Soon after Adeela leaves the
bed, Barbara roles on top of Bakhit, and as he asks for help, the door gets slammed to

35

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

indicate that Barbara is sexually raping him. Barbara appears as a brute who shouts
instead of talks and sexually rapes Bakhit whenever she desires throughout her scenes.
She also forces Adeela to clean her place while she is staying. Adeela ends being fed up
and starts a physical fight with Bakhit. At the same time, Adeela is on top of Bakhit
Barbara steps in and assumes that he is cheating on her. Then, Barbara begins to scream
and shout and goes to attack both of them. Barbara is shown as a monster who got
unleashed, screaming and muttering with incomprehensible words while messing up
her hair and throwing things at them, to which they react by doing the same. The scene
ends with Bakhit and Adeela leaving the defeated Barbara unconscious with her caravan
left in ruins.
The movie's most significant attack on blackness is its negative representation
and relative position compared to whiteness. The movie found humor in the monstrous
depiction of black women. In addition to her animalistic behavior and sexual aggression,
Barbara’s ugliness and large physique were met in contrast to Adeela’s blonde-looking
features, with her white skin, fair hair, and tiny figure. The movie began by portraying
blackness as a disappointment and ended by showing it as barbaric, sexual and physical
aggression, and lack of self-control.
#4 Elly baly balak – [You know who] (2003) is a movie acted by Mohmed Saad, a
leading comedian in the early 2000s. In his movie, El-Lembi, the protagonist is a fugitive
prisoner who gets severe injuries from an accident with his chaser, Riyad. El-Lembi
undergoes surgery where his brain is implanted in Riyad’s body because Riyad’s brain
was declared dead from the accident. The following events take place when El-Lembi
goes to meet Riyad’s family. In one scene, El-Lembi flirted with his wife as she was
leaving, saying, “What is this sun, shining the world.” Then suddenly, he looks back and
finds a black servant approaching him, then he continues in disappointment, “What is
this night that suddenly attacked.” The intention is to portray how his infatuation with
his wife’s white beauty, which he sees as bright as morning sunshine, was disrupted by
the darkness of the night represented in the servant’s blackness.
In another scene, El-Lembi appears to be wondering about the people in a family
photo, pretending that he does not remember as he suffers from amnesia from the
accident. As he asks about people in the picture, he remarks and asks, “who is that asmar
36

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

guy, the one who eats a lot of shokalata.” Asmar means dark brown or black, and the
joke correlating darkness of skin to the excessive eating of chocolate. The comparison
of blackness with dark food continues in another scene when El-Lembi mistakes a young
black girl for his daughter. Just as he did with the black servant, El-Lembi points out the
darkness brought in by the young girl’s blackness. While he is hugging the girl, he says,
“Daddy’s beloved girl, daddy’s beloved girl that has dimmed the world.” This expression
is a play with words, to a common Egyptian saying, but instead of dimmed, the actual
saying is “lit the world” to refer to someone bringing light and joy with their presence.
So, in the case of the young girl, her blackness brought darkness to his world. In the
same scene, El-Lembi then asks his wife, “why isn’t the girl speaking? Is she mute?” His
wife responds, “she is not our daughter…she is the daughter of my mom’s servant.” He
lets go of the girl and then looks at her embarrassed while saying, “Excuse me, I was also
wondering, you are white, and I am white; how can we have this bar of dates.” Another
joke about the little girl’s skin color, whose blackness could never be the product of their
whiteness. In those few scenes, the movie does not just present a continuation to the
negative portrayal of black people as servants but also uses their blackness as material
for ridicule.
#5 Eyal Habiba – [Young Lovers] (2005). The character discussed in this movie
seems to have followed Ali El-Kassar’s stereotypical barbari almost 70 years later. For
his role, Soliman Eid (See Figure 5) wore blackface for the stereotypical role of a
Sudanese naïve guy with a funny accent called Am Nasr. Although Eid’s complexion
allows him to perform the role without any make-up, it seems that either he or the
movie producers assumed that the exaggerated darkening of the skin would make the
character funnier. Throughout the movie, Am Nasr’s color serves as the base for many
anti-black jokes made by his three neighbors, done by Eid, Bijama, and Memmess.
Moreover, if the jokes thrown at him were not enough, Am Nasr himself participates by
building on their jokes in some form of twisted form of self-ridicule. In one of the scenes,
Hamada Hilal compliments Am Nasr for a perfume that he is wearing. Then Am Nasr
responds by saying, “Of course, it is not going to be blackness and a bad smell too.” In
the same scene, Eid’s father shows up and begins to shout at his son for standing with
Am Nasr, by saying “what is making you stand with this darkness?” Then he looks at Am

37

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Nasr and says, “It was a black day when I let you move into my building;” the word black
day is used to refer to bad days. Am Nasr responds by referring to himself in self-ridicule,
saying, “Of course, it was a black day.”

Figure 5: Soliman Eid – Photo

Figure 6: Actor Soliman Eid in Blackface ‘Eyal Habbeeba’ -

(Almadenahnews.com, 2016).

Image (El-Geressi, 2020).

In another scene (See Figure 6), the three friends visit Am Nasr in his place to
ask for one of the colognes he makes. Soon after he brings his homemade cologne, the
camera moves and shows many photos on the wall of what seems to be Am Nasr’s family.
They are all black dressed in traditional Sudanese outfits. Memmess looks at the photos
and comments sarcastically, “Was this apartment burnt before?” in reference to the
people in the pictures as if their blackness was caused by fire. Before waiting for an
answer, Bijama adds, “Shouldn’t you have waited until the photos are processed before
you hung them on the wall?” This joke is a reference comparing the darkness of Am
Nasr’s family to a photo negative. Then again, in a self-ridiculing manner, as if he is
justifying himself, Am Nasr responds, “I tried processing them three times before, but
to no avail,” which makes the three guys break into laughter at his comment. Then Am
Nasr is shown to have gotten upset because they are laughing at him and tells them that
he will not lend them his cologne and closes the door. While the three actors are still
laughing outside, one of them knocks again on the door and says, “Come on, Am Nasr,
do not let your heart be like your face,” a play with words to say do not let your heart be
black, which is an Egyptian expression meaning, do not hold grudges. Am Nasr then
opens the door; Eid apologizes and asks for the cologne because they need it urgently.
Am Nasr agrees and sprays them with his homemade cologne. While Am Nasr is
spraying Memmess, Memmess tells him, “Not so much, Am Gilberto.” The change in

38

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

name from Am Nasr to Am Gilberto is sarcasm by referencing Am Nasr to a black
Angolan football player who played for an Egyptian football team during the movie’s
release (National Football Teams, 2021).
The use of black football players' names in calling black men and women is a
common form of harassment that black people have to endure in Egypt. Following the
movie footsteps, a Sudanese woman reported that “Shikabala” is among the names that
kids call her as she walks the street (Primo, 2017). Shikabala is a famous black Egyptian
football player who has been himself a target of anti-Blackness in Egypt. He has been
experiencing harassment due to his color, mainly from fans of rival teams. The latest
was in 2020, after fans from a rival team dressed a black dog with a t-shirt with
Shikabala’s name on it and posted a video of it on social media (Salahi, 2020).
Although the movie plot does not revolve around blackness's ridicule, Am Nasr’s
role is nothing but. His only purpose in the movie was to have his blackness serve as
material for cheap laughs. Even when Am Nasr reacts to their laughing in the last scene,
it is only done to prove how simple-minded he is. In the scene, Am Nasr says that he
tried to process his family photo three times, hoping that it would make his family less
black. His reaction to the three guys' laughter only confirms that he was not joking and
did try doing what he claimed. Throughout the movie, anti-blackness has been
manifested in its adoption of blackface, its contempt for blackness in its references
(burnt, processed photos, like your face or Gilberto), and the portrayal of black people as
simple-minded buffoons.
Although the last movie analyzed in this section dates back to 2005, antiblackness in Egyptian movies persists. In 2018, the Egyptian Observatory for the
Elimination of Racism made a report under the name Project for Promoting Pluralism
and Rejecting Racial Discrimination in Egyptian Media. Their study examined racial
discrimination and hated speech in 120 movies between the years 2007 and 2017.
According to their findings, 60 out of the 120 movies examined condescended black
people, either by making fun of their skin color, dialect, or the stereotypical portrayal
of black people in servants and doormen roles. Almost 40% of the examined movies
involved color, racial, and ethnic ridicule, 22% included explicit racial discrimination,
while 20% included stereotypes. Other observations varied between Incitement to
39

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

discrimination, hate, and violence (Egyptian Observatory for the Elimination of Racism,
2018). Despite the frequent occurrence of anti-blackness in the Egyptian media, the 2018
project is among the first to investigate such a phenomenon in a quantitative study.
Moreover, still, after its publication, the negative portrayal of black people in media
persists. The next part examines two TV shows, one of which was broadcast in 2018 and
the other in 2019. Both shows rely on blackface, racist humor, and stereotypes in their
content.

3.2.2 TV Shows

In the last few years, two Egyptian TV shows (Azmi we Ashgan and Sha’labaz) received
a backlash for their revival of the infamous Sudanese stereotype using blackface and the
mispronounced barbari Arabic. However, the people behind the two TV shows
announced that their shows were not racist and were made just for comedy (Annahar,
2018; Walsh, 2019).

Figure 7: Actress Emy Samir

Figure 8: Actor Samir Ghanem in

Figure 9: Actress Shaimaa Seif in

Ghanem in blackface ‘Azmi we

blackface 'Azmi we Ashgan' -

blackface in a Prank Show – Image

Ashgan’ – Screenshot ( El Sobky

Screenshot ( El Sobky Productions -

(BBC Monitoring, 2019).

Productions - 2019 ,‫)اﻟﺴﺒﻜﻲ‬.

2019 ,‫)اﻟﺴﺒﻜﻲ‬.

#6 Azmi we Ashgan (2018) is a comedy TV show about a couple who scam people
for money every few episodes. Episodes 8, 9, and 10 created an online stir due to their
anti-black content and the use of blackface (Annahar, 2018). In episode 8, Ashgan (See
Figure 7) goes with her mother-in-law to a religious lesson for housewives. At the end
of the lesson, the religious scholar gives space for questions. One of the attendees,
Shaheen, one of the characters in the show, starts explaining that she is married to a

40

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

wealthy man who gets her everything she wants, but her problem is that her husband
has multiple affairs with other women, and the reason is that he has an “odd taste in
women,” because he likes “niggers” ( the word “niggers” was mentioned in English).
Shaheen continues explaining, “He likes women who are too dark, like those foreign
maids.” Then Ashgan is shown paying attention as if she is thinking about her next scam.
Shaheen then asks the religious scholar for some magic to make her husband more
faithful. The religious scholar responds that there is no such thing in Islam. The rest of
the episode shows that Azmi and Ashgan plan to scam Mousa (Shaheen’s husband).
They plan that Ashgan goes in disguise as a black maid to lure Mousa.
In episode 9, Ashgan appears to be standing in the middle of the road with a dog
whom she is calling “Seidi Seidi” (master! master!) repeatedly to let the dog move.
Mousa appears to be honking his car to let her move. Then he steps out shouting, then
she looks back at him seductively, and he stares at her with his mouth wide open. A
conversation takes place between them where Mousa tries to know what she is doing
here, and she tells him that she is taking her master to urinate outside. When he asks
where she is working, Ashgan tells him that she cannot talk because her other master
would punish her if she is late, and then she walks away. A similar scene is repeated
where Mousa sees Ashgan again while she is walking the dog. Then he asks her to join
him in his car, but she refuses, telling him that her master (the dog) needs to urinate.
Mousa then asks her if the dog’s name is Seidi. She explains to him that the dog’s name
is Timur, but her master forces her to call him Seidi, and abuses her if she does not.
Mousa then decides to go to her master to free her. Her master (who is another
complicit in this scheme) pretends to abuse Asghan by constantly hitting her, calling
her words, and even using the whip to scare her. After some bargaining between him
and Mouse, he finally agrees to give him Ashgan in exchange for 10,000 USD. When
Mousa agrees to pay, the master tells Ashgan to pack her stuff and go with her new
owner.
In episode 10, Ashgan appears in Mousa’s apartment, trying to have an intimate
time with her. While flirting with her, Ashgan’s father, another actor in blackface (See
Figure 8), dressed in a colorful outfit while singing El-Mambo El-Sudani, a traditional
Sudanese song. When Mousa asks what he is doing, Ashgan explains that her father is

41

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

also a slave but owned her old master’s wife and that when he knew that his daughter
was freed, he came to her to ask Mousa to do the same for him. Mousa responds angrily
that he brought this apartment to fool around in it, not to use it to free slaves. Then
when Mousa sees Ashgan upset, he apologizes and tells her that he did not mean to
upset her and that he would let them stay in his apartment as she wishes.
In addition to the show’s use of blackface, they also used the stereotypical
Nubian/Sudanese accent used in media. The show does not shy away about what group
they are insulting; when asked where she is from, Ashgan answers that she is half
Sudanese and half Malawian. Both Ashgan and her father spoke in broken Arabic and
misused pronouns, like Eid from Eyal Habiba (see Chapter 3.2.1). The show goes even
further by using slavery and the sexualization of black women as material for humor,
not to mention its use of derogatory words such as “nigger” and “seidi/master.” The
show also does not miss making use of black comic references, like when Ashgan gets
called om wesh hbab, meaning someone whose face is covered with soot.
Protests on social media met the show’s negative portrayal of black people and
the Sudanese culture. The show writer responded by posting on his Twitter account that
the show did not intend to offend anyone and that there is no distinction between black
and white people, and since the show is full of characters and it is normal to present
different types of people (Annahar, 2018). However, nothing seemed to have stopped
the show from being aired. One year later, blackface returned in Sha’labaz, a TV prank
show on MBC, one of the region’s most prominent TV networks (BBC Monitoring, 2019).
Shaimaa Seif, the actor performing, was painted in black with exaggerated features and
a thick, mistaken, Sudanese accent reviving the all-time classic Sudanese character (See
Figure 9). The idea of the prank is that Shaimaa sits in a crowded microbus and starts
to annoy the victim of the prank until she reveals her true identity. Shortly after the
episode was aired, the show received many criticisms online and called to boycott MBC,
the owning TV network (Aljazeera, 2019). Shaimaa Seif went on her Facebook page and
apologized that she did not know that what she did was offensive and that “it is just
comedy” (Walsh, 2019). Her apology was perceived as not enough, and shortly
afterward, her Facebook account was suspended after it was flooded with reports from
angry users (Nasrallah, 2019).

42

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

The difference between those TV shows and the movies discussed in the previous
section is that they were released when broad segments of viewers can voice their
opinions on social media platforms. The adverse reaction to Azmy we Ashgan and
Sha’labaz came from users on Twitter and Facebook who used those platforms to
demand actions against the producers of those TV Shows (Aljazeera, 2019). Moreover,
viewers went beyond by using newer tools to express their frustration. As highlighted
earlier, the Sudanese viewers used reporting Shaimaa Sief’s Facebook account to express
their refusal to her apology. Social media tools, such as Facebook and Twitter, allowed
many viewers in the Arab world to react to negative portrayals of Sudanese, Nubians,
and Arabs of African descent (Downing & Gamil, 2020). Some actors apologized for their
works, and others affirmed that they have been educated by those reactions and
promised not to present such works again (Downing & Gamil, 2020). However, most of
the reactions come from the population targeted by anti-blackness and not from the
wider Arab population. Every year, media produces materials that use the ridicule of
blackness in its comedy content.

3.2.3 Caricatures

As a form of art known for mocking and ridiculing its subjects, caricature can often be
shocking or even offensive. At its core, caricature relies on humor and satire to criticize
social and political issues in the form of a cartoon (Bal, Pitt, Berthon, & DesAutels,
2009). In simple terms, a caricature is a drawn joke, and for it to be humorous, it has to
be relatable. One must identify with the content or subject of ridicule; otherwise, the
joke falls flat (Bal, Pitt, Berthon, & DesAutels, 2009). Therefore, the caricaturist relies
on subjects and objects that people are familiar with; otherwise, the caricature fails to
deliver its message.
Like other media types in Egypt, anti-blackness in the form of stereotypes and
racist humor found its way to caricature. With its reliance on exaggeration and satire,
caricature seems to have provided rich soil to express colorism and anti-blackness in
the Egyptian media. A mixture of stereotypes and anti-black ridicule are utilized in the
making of the following caricatures. Black men and women are portrayed as servants,

43

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

while black women are servants or fat or ugly. Additionally, differences in skin color are
apparent among characters. On the one hand, non-black Egyptian characters are
painted as Caucasian white or even blonde, while other characters, whether Egyptians
or not, are colored in black with exaggerated features, such as fat bodies and big lips.

Figure 10: (Al-Gomhoreya Newspaper, 2000) - Egyptian Press Archive of CEDE.

Figure 11: Rania El-Sayed - Miss
Egypt Year 2000 (Elcinema.com).

#7 In 2000, a caricature was published by Karam Badra in Al-Gomhoreya
newspaper under the title, black girl with negro features is representing Egypt in Miss
World Beauty Pageant?!!!!! (See Figure 10). The caricature was made to criticize the
choice of a Rania El-Sayed (See Figure 11) to represent Egypt in Miss world of the same
year. Everything about this caricature represents racism and anti-blackness at their best.
The use of the word negro in the title is just the tip of the iceberg. In its use of a question
mark and five exclamation marks, the caricature aims to show the extent of shock and
confusion that a black woman will represent Egypt in an international beauty pageant
as if black and beauty cannot be the same thing. Moreover, to emphasize this point even
further, a black woman is portrayed with exaggerated features.
The caricature shows an upper-class Egyptian sitting arrogantly in front of two
servants who work for him. The male servant represents the father, and the female
servant is his daughter. The male servant is saying,
May God keep your excellency, Pasha [an expression for gratitude], for
sympathizing with your servant Uthman and taking my daughter
Uthmana as Miss Egypt.. However, her sister Bakhita is prettier than

44

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

her, and she wishes to act [in a movie] as a woman that undresses
[reveals parts of her skin in movie roles] like Hind Rostom and Laila
Elwi!! (Badra, 2000)
The caricature uses all the Nubian servant stereotypes presented by Ali AlKassar. The servant’s name is Uthman, wearing a servant's uniform used in the early
twentieth century. His speech is written in the Nubian stereotypical broken Arabic, the
mispronunciation of letters and pronouns. Moreover, the caricature uses the name
Uthmana, a female variant of Uthman and not even a real name, to imply that Rania ElSayed is Uthman’s daughter. Furthermore, as a result of the Pasha’s sympathy, Uthmana
got to be Miss Egypt. Pasha is a Turkish title given to male members of the upper-class elites
in Egypt until 1952; it became used to address social superiors as a sign of respect
(Encyclopaedia Britannica, 1998). Moreover, to add insult to injury, the speech continues
with Uthman asking for “another favorite,” where Bakhita, his daughter in the
caricature, gets the chance to reveal her body like female movie stars, such as Hind
Rostom and Laila Elwi, who are known for their European-looking features. The
implication is that if Rania El-Sayed, or Uthmana, could be considered pretty enough to
compete in beauty pageants, it is only natural for her “prettier” sister Bakhita to act like
a movie stars known for their seductive roles, which is meant as sarcasm.
In brief, what the caricature is trying to say is that black people should not
represent Egypt. Not only does it undermines blackness, but also it condescends black
people by portraying them in the servant stereotype to imply that they are not equal
and that their blackness qualifies them for nothing but servitude. Additionally, the
caricaturist use of the word Negro in the title and the name Bakhita for one of the
characters are nothing but a reminder of slavery. When slaves were brought to Egypt, it
was common to rename them since their previous native names were often hard for
their owners to pronounce. Furthermore, Bakhita was one of the names common among
black female slaves (Kozma, 2010). Whether the choice of Bakhita is intentional or not,
looking at the content of the caricature, one cannot give the caricaturist the benefit of
the doubt.

45

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

#8 More recently, another caricature uses the
Uthman stereotype; however, this time, the target of the
insult is Sudanese. The caricature was published by Amr
Selim in Al-Masry Al-Youm Newspaper (See Figure 12),
commenting on a land dispute between Egypt and Sudan
over Halaib and Shalateen area (Wasel, 2014). The
caricature is set in a traditional puppet theater where the
Aragoz addresses another puppet painted in black with big
red lips, dressed in a traditional Sudanese outfit. Aragoz is
an Egyptian traditional glove puppet character known for

Figure 12: A drawing of traditional
hand puppet theater – Image (Al-Masry
Al-Youm Newspaper, 2014)

its mockery and satire (Dakroub, 2009). Aragoz tells the black puppet, “[You should
understand]... Your name here is Uthman... What is your business with Halaib and
Shalateen?!” The caricature does not clearly say that the Aragoz speaks to a Sudanese;
however, it is implied by its traditional outfit and its blackface and big red lips. The
caricaturist use of Uthman implies that the Sudanese character should understand that
he is just a servant and that he has no right to intervene in things that do not concern
him. Although the caricature’s focus was Sudan, its use of the Uthman stereotype led
the Egyptian Nubian Return Coalition to threaten to sue the Al-Masry Al-Youm
newspaper (Wasel, 2014).

Figure 13: A husband and his wife watching TV - Image

Figure 14: Image - (Darwish, 2016).

(Darwish, 2016).

#9 Fatma Hassan, a caricaturist at Akhbar Al-Youm Newspaper, posted two
caricatures on her Facebook page in 2014. Each caricature is commenting on a different
issue. Nonetheless, what they both have in common is the use of black women as an
46

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

object of satire. The first caricature (See Figure 13) comments on a power crisis that
faced Egypt during 2014 (Darwish, 2016). It shows a black woman sitting with her
husband watching TV with an image of coal, and the word #Coal is written at the top.
The husband is shown upset, thinking of “They are saying there is a coal crisis… Here I
am sitting with a sack of coal.” The second caricature (See Figure 14) is commenting on
sexual harassment (Darwish, 2016). It shows a black woman shouting to a blonde
woman, telling her, “They annoyed us with the story of sexual harassment. I swear by
your life, there has not been a protest that I didn’t attend, and yet nobody touched me.”
Both caricatures portray black women as unattractive and unwanted. The husband in
the first caricature is shown as if he wants to get rid of her by him thinking that if the
government is looking for coal, they can take his wife, for she resembles a sack of coal.
The second caricature depicts the black woman as searching for sexual harassment, to
the extent that she is joining all street protests hoping that someone sexually harasses
her but to no avail. As if blackness is ugly and unwanted that nobody wants to touch.
Both caricatures received a backlash on social media, and the caricaturist took them
down and apologized and commented that her drawings are not racist and that they
were “just a joke” (Sharif, 2014).
Despite the negative portrayal of blackness discussed in this chapter, whether it
is through blackface, racist humor, or stereotypical offensive roles, anti-blackness and
racism are often dismissed as grounds for such portrayals (Downing & Gamil, 2020).
This is because it is widely believed among Egyptians that racism does not exist in their
society (Golia, 2004; Smith, 2006; Azzam, 2006; Poole, 2011). However, this chapter
presented evidence of anti-blackness in the Egyptian media by examining how
blackness is ridiculed in different media types. It also shed light on some cases where
those representations have had a direct impact on black people, especially in incidents
where anti-black harassments were copied from movies, like in Samara and Shikabala
(see case #2 and #5 in Chapter 3.2.1). The next chapter goes even further and examines
the implications of anti-blackness on the lives of black people living in Egypt.

47

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

4 Implications of Anti-blackness in Egypt Today

In Egypt, much like many other Arab countries, racism is perceived as a Euro-American
matter and not something that Arab societies suffer from or should be concerned with
(Downing & Gamil, 2020). If someone goes around the streets of Cairo and asks if racism
and anti-blackness exist in Egypt, the majority of Egyptians would outright deny its
existence in their society, and their justification would be that Egyptians come in all
colors and that no one is more valued than the other (Golia, 2004; Smith, 2006).
Nonetheless, if the same question is directed to a black person, whether Egyptian or
not, then the answer will be somewhat different. The living experiences of black people
in the Egyptian society are not the same as that of the mainstream Egyptians. This
chapter aims to present their side of the story to observe how the historical stigma
around blackness and the negative portrayal of black people in media reflect on the lives
of black people living in Egypt. The chapter is divided into two parts; the first part
examines the lives of Egyptian Nubians by presenting an overview of their historical
struggle as a marginalized group in Egyptian society. The second part examines the
experiences of Sudanese immigrants and refugees in Egypt and highlights how Egypt’s
colonial past has been reflected in the experiences of the Sudanese and other diasporic
Africans living in Egypt.

4.1 Egyptian Nubians: The Internal Others

Although Nubians refuse to be perceived only as black since they have a wide variety of
skin complexions, Nubians are generally darker than most Egyptians (Smith, 2006). For
a long time, the Nubians’ darkness of skin, language, and geographic location led them
to be perceived by Egyptians as “internal others” (Poole, 2011, p. 241). Nubians have been
subject to negative media stereotypes, and for a long, they have been on the margins of
Egyptian society. Since the times of Ancient Egypt, Nubia (Al-Nuba) has been controlled
by Egypt. Although Nubian kings were able to rule over Egypt after 715 BC, it was for a
short period (Shafik, 2007). Historically, old Nubia occupied the southern parts of Egypt
and the Northern parts of Sudan. However, when boundaries between Egypt and Sudan
were demarcated in 1899, Nubia was divided between the two nations, and Nubians
48

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

found themselves a minority in their land (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018;
Shafik, 2007). Their struggle did not end there; when Egypt was undertaking its
industrialization process at the beginning of the twentieth century, Nubians were the
sacrificial lamb for such endeavor (Shafik, 2007).
Between 1902 and 1978, a series of dams were built on the river Nile, causing the
rise of water levels. This caused the flooding of Nubian villages, which led to the
displacement of thousands of Nubians at different periods (Janmyr, 2016). By 1960,
almost 50% of Nubians were displaced from their ancestral lands (Shafik, 2007). The
last big wave of displacement took place in the 1960s after the construction of the Aswan
High Dam (Janmyr, 2016). As a result, Nubian villages were either destroyed or became
unfit for living, causing the remaining half of the Nubian population to be relocated to
new settlements built in the desert north of Aswan, far away from their lifeline, the river
Nile (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). In addition to its remoteness, the new
villages were ill-equipped and lacked proper housing and resources leading some to
migrate to other cities, such as Cairo and Alexandria (Janmyr, 2016). Now, old Nubia lies
buried underneath the water of Lake Nasser, which stretches from the southern
Egyptian borders to the north of Sudan (Shafik, 2007). Instead of naming the lake after
Nubia that lies beneath, the state named it the high dam lake and later changed it to
lake Nasser; Sudan, on the other hand, named the small part of the lake that lies in its
borders as lake Nubia (Oddoul, 2004).
In the decades following their displacement, various promises were made by the
government to compensate Nubians for their lost lands and facilitate their return to
their ancestral lands in the area surrounding lake Nasser, but none of them materialized
(Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). Although in 2014, a constitutional
amendment provided legal recognition to the Nubian “right to return,” various obstacles
were placed to hinder such process (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). One was
a presidential decree issued months after the constitutional amendments declaring 16
Nubian villages in traditional Nubia as military zones, thus, preventing their use for
residential purposes (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). Another one was the
state sale of Nubian lands to investors as part of its land reclamation project (Equal
Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). Moreover, the Egyptian government has repeatedly

49

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

changed land names from Nubian to Arabic, a move that Nubian activists protested,
calling it a “process of De-Nubianization” (Janmyr, 2016, p. 722). A process that they
believe in having been targeting their Nubian unique culture and heritage.
Not only are Nubians culturally distinct from Egyptians, but ethnically and
linguistically as well. Though they speak Egyptian Arabic, they also speak one of two
Nubian dialects as their mother tongue (Smith, 2006). Those elements have always
rendered them different from the average Egyptian, thus, placing their ethnicity under
scrutiny (Shafik, 2007). It is challenging to determine the exact number of Nubians in
the Egyptian society since the state does not consider indigenous or ethnic minority
presence in their census (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). Nonetheless, their
numbers have been estimated between 300,000 and 3 million (Janmyr, 2016). The lack
of recognition as an indigenous group is not unique to Nubians; the Egyptian
government has repeatedly emphasized its population’s ethnic homogeneity, denying
the presence of any ethnic minority in the Egyptian society (Janmyr, 2016).
The formation of any distinct group with their own language and culture has
always been discouraged by the state since it was perceived as a threat to its national
security (Janmyr, 2016). Accordingly, the state has always taken measures to promote
Arab nationalism amongst its population regardless of their dialects or ethnicities,
under the narrative that classifications are discriminatory and that Egyptians are all
equal (Janmyr, 2016). To achieve such a target, the state does not recognize Nubians as
an ethnic group and does not consider Nubians an official language, adopting only
Arabic as the official state language (Janmyr, 2016). When Nubians attempted to be
recognized as indigenous people and have the state recognize the Nubian language, they
were accused of being separatists (Smith, 2006). When they attempted to
internationalize their demands by seeking the support of international organizations,
they were met with even harsher criticism. They were assumed to be pushing a foreign
agenda to divide the Egyptian society and attack the state's national security (Janmyr,
2016).
Moreover, Egyptian newspapers and TV shows accused Nubian activists of being
“foreign elements” and “secret conspirators” aiming for the defamation of the country
in the international community (Holmes, 2018). Nubian activists took their demands to
50

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

the streets and went on peaceful protests. However, they were met with harassment by
the police forces, and several activists were arrested, and one died due to being unable
to get their diabetes medicine (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). This violence
caused more protests leading to violent clashes with police forces (Equal Rights Trust
Country Report, 2018).
Janmyr (2016) observes that although Nubians do see themselves as indigenous
people, it is debatable amongst them if the recognition of their indigeneity will help or
harm their cause. According to Janmyr, Nubians fear that identifying as an indigenous
group would be perceived by Egyptian Arabs as if Nubians view themselves as nonEgyptians or looking for secession, all of which would be far from helpful for their cause
(Janmyr, 2016). Accordingly, they had to change their discourse when addressing their
demands, from indigenous rights to human rights. Relying on minority discourse has
provided more hope for the Nubian cause. Nevertheless, Janmyr argues that it has not
led to much progress since ethnic minorities are not officially recognized in Egypt,
unlike religious minorities, legally and socially recognized.
In addition to their struggle with the state, Nubians have long been suffering
from stereotypes and stigma in the Egyptian society (see Chapter 3.1.1). As highlighted
in previous chapters, earlier generations of Nubians who migrated to big Egyptian cities
of Cairo and Alexandria worked mainly as servants, doormen, and cooks for the elites
(Smith, 2006). Thanks to the Egyptian media, the image of the barbari servant
stereotype is still very much alive to this day (Downing & Gamil, 2020). Not only did
this false stereotype stigmatize Nubians, but it stigmatized their blackness as well,
which was associated with low status and servitude. Nubians have repeatedly protested
against those stereotypes. Moreover, they refuse to be referred to as Barabra (sing.
barbari), considering it a pejorative term that hides within itself, an insult to blackness;
not to mention that the word barbari itself, whether referred to a Nubian or not, it is a
reference of foolishness and idiocy (Smith, 2006).
In August 2015, an Egyptian recruitment newspaper published a job
advertisement for an “office boy,” someone who makes and serves drinks at offices,
looking for applicants who are Nubians or people of African descent (Sasapost, 2018).
As a result, the newspaper received a backlash from Nubian activists, which led the
51

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

newspaper to publish a formal apology explaining that the advertisement was not
intended to insult anyone and that Nubians were specified in the job advertisement for
their reputation of being trustworthy and clean (Sasapost, 2018). Although this
“reputation” may seem like a positive attribute, it associates Nubians with cleaning and
traces its roots in the Nubian servant stereotype. Another incident highlights the use of
the same stereotype but in the form of a direct insult. In 2015, an Egyptian TV show
interviewed Ahmed El-Merghany, a Nubian football player, for making a tweet openly
criticizing the Egyptian president after a terrorist attack. During the show, Mortada
Mansour, a former parliament member and former head of Al-Zamalek football club,
was contacted to ask him about his opinion on the matter. Mansour reacted aggressively
to what El-Merghany has tweeted. While Mansour expressed his refusal to ElMerghany’s comments, he kept shouting “da wad khaddam, da wad bawab” [he is a
servant, he is a doorman]. Mansour kept repeating those words and ended by asking the
host how he could invite such a person to his show (Dream TV Egypt, 2015). Although
the incident had political dimensions to it nevertheless, the insults that were aimed at
El-Merghany were anti-black. Mansour’s word choice was influenced by the stereotypes
linked to El-Merghany’s skin color and origin rather than insults mentioned at a
moment of anger.
In addition to their frustration from demeaning stereotypes, Nubians have
expressed their disappointment in the Egyptian society’s lack of knowledge about the
Nubian people and their culture. Amr Samir Atef, the scriptwriter of Bakar, one of
Egypt’s most famous cartoon series about the life of a Nubian boy, said that when he
proposed the character name Bakar to the state’s official TV network, it was refused
because it was not Egyptian. The name was not approved until Atef photographed reallife Nubian kids named Bakar to prove to the TV network that the name was Egyptian
and that the Nubian children in his photographs are living proof of that fact (Hamed,
2016). Although it may appear as a minor incident to Nubians, it shows how blind the
Egyptian state is to their reality. The name “Bakar,” which is well-known to any Nubian,
was not known to the broader segments of the Egyptian society until the release of the
cartoon series.

52

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Instead of being a tool that introduces the Nubian culture to the mainstream
Egyptian, Bakar became a Nubian stereotype the same way the character of al-barbari
Uthman was. In an interview with Amin, a Nubian accountant living in Cairo, he
expressed frustration with people calling him Samara (derived from Asmar, meaning
dark brown/black), or Bakar, thinking that it is funny. Amin also mentioned that some
even ask him sarcastically if he has Rashida (the goat) in his bag, the same as Bakar from
the children’s TV show (Sasapost, 2018). Bakar was supposed to get the Egyptian
population closer to Nubians; nevertheless, it created another Nubian stereotype.
Names such as Bakar, Uthman, and Samara are often used jokingly by many to call black
people expecting it to be equally humorous to the receiver as it is to the speaker. When
Nubians object to being called with those names, the response is usually, “it is just a
joke” or “you being too sensitive” (Sasapost, 2018).
In addition to the adverse effects resulting from pejorative references and
demeaning stereotypes, Nubians also suffer alienation in Egyptian society. According to
Smith (2006), societal stereotypes, accompanied by the Nubian distinct language and
skin color, have excluded Nubians from “dominant concepts of Egyptian identity by
associating them with either a past slave origin in sub-Saharan Africa or a contemporary
African origin” (pp. 400,401). Moreover, she adds that the popular Egyptian
understanding views Egypt as distinct from sub-Saharan Africa, both “culturally and
civilizationlly” (p. 401). This has been projected on Nubians by associating them with
“their former servant status, blackness, slavery, and Africanness…[thus placing] them in
a subordinate position” (Smith, 2006, p. 401). Furthermore, in her interviews with
Nubians living in Cairo, Smith emphasizes that Nubians are against the media portrayal
of Nubians only as black with “African features” since it implies “non-Egyptian
Africanness.” Here we see how Nubians have distanced themselves from Africanness
because it conflicts with the assumed Egyptian identity that does not include blackness.
In addition, Smith argues that Nubians, too, share the negative Egyptian perception of
the darkness of skin color. From her observations in Aswan, Smith asserts that being
asmar (dark brown) is better than being aswad (black) among Nubians. The darkness
of skin is synonymous with unattractiveness, not only because it is evaluated

53

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

aesthetically but also because it is viewed as a marker of social class and, in some cases,
national identity (Poole, 2011).
According to Smith, the Nubian experience can be contextualized in Egyptian
society’s complex relation of color and class. The popular perception of Egypt as distinct
from Africa, combined with its history of slavery, placed blackness of skin in a
subordinate position (Smith, 2006). Consequently, Nubians found themselves between
the hammer and the anvil; they chose between their Africanness or Egyptianness. This
predicament is observable in the Nubians’ need to distance themselves from Africanness
by emphasizing the differences between their blackness and the “true Africans” (Smith,
2006). In addition to skin color, the Nubian language also played a role in the alienation
of Nubians (Downing & Gamil, 2020). Nubian language has been perceived by Egyptians
as a primitive language with no grammar or history, unlike Arabic, the official state
language of Egypt (Smith, 2006). This perception led many Nubians to opt for Arabic
instead of their native dialect.
Shafik (2007) observes that the media portrayal of Nubians as the naïve faithful
servant who relies on their master for guidance is comparable to the Egyptian
sociopolitical view of the South in Nubia and Sudan. Poole (2011) asserts that Nubians’
dark skin portrayed them as closer to Sudan than Egypt. According to Poole, this
perception deemed Nubians as “internal others” in Egyptian society. Although Egypt
shares the same religious affiliation and history of the Nile Valley with Nubia and Sudan,
differences in color, dialect, and culture have long deemed them “others” in Egyptian
society (Poole, 2011). Despite the similarities that Nubians and Arab Sudanese share with
Egyptians, the differences mentioned above separated them from the perceived
Egyptian identity, reflecting on their shared experiences in Egyptian society. Moreover,
this perception influenced the Egyptian conception of race during the nineteenth
century (Poole, 2011).

4.2 The Brothers Along the Nile

From 1820 until 1956, apart from a short period in-between, Sudan has been under
Egyptian authority (Marsot, 2007). Scholars have debated the relevant term that

54

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

describes the nature of the Egyptian expansion towards its southern neighbor, whether
it ought to be considered an invasion, colonization, or, as the Ottoman Egyptian ruling
elite called it, a “civilizing mission” (Powell, 2003, p. 3). Regardless of the term, the
decades of Egyptian rule over Sudan were built on unequal power dynamics. The
Turkish-speaking elite perceived Sudan as the “brother along the Nile” who need
Egyptian leadership (Poole, 2011, p. 4). Sudan, much like Egypt, was ruled by the
Turkish-speaking elite who ruled Egypt during the nineteenth and the twentieth
century. In other words, it mainly was Ottoman Turks, and not national Egyptians, who
occupied the senior positions in the colonized Sudan (Ibrahim, 2008). However, aside
from the “brotherhood” narrative and the shared history of the Nile Valley rhetoric, the
Ottoman Egyptian elites perceived Sudan as subordinate in position and the Sudanese
in-need to be civilized (Powell, 2003). The Ottoman Egyptian elite culture and the
shared history of slavery greatly influenced the Egyptian perception of the Sudanese
from the nineteenth century onwards. The next part examines the impact of this
perception on the living experiences of the Sudanese, the brothers along the Nile, in the
Egyptian society.
As previously mentioned, Egypt passed through different phases where its
position in Africa was perceived differently by the public and the ruling elites alike. At
times, Egypt is viewed as separate from Africa (see Chapter 2.1); at others, it is seen at
the heart of the African continent (see Nasser’s pan-Africanism, Chapter 3.1.1 ).
Nevertheless, Egyptians have long maintained a distant position from their sub-Saharan
neighbors (Smith, 2006; Golia, 2004). Despite its geographic location (see figure 1),
Egyptians identify with their Middle Eastern Arab identity rather than their African one
(Sani, 2013). As seen above in the Nubians’ case, Egyptians often exclude blackness from
their national identity. Poole (2011) argues that Egyptians associate blackness of skin
with Africanness, inferiority, and primitiveness. This perception has dramatically
influenced the experiences of the large population of African immigrants and refugees
living in Egypt.
The African population in Egypt is ethnically diverse, combining immigrants and
refugees from East, West, and South Africa (Sani, 2013). Some consider Egypt as their
home; others visit for studies, work, or as a temporary stop on their way to Europe, all

55

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

searching for better living conditions (Sani, 2013). Although Egypt has been a soughtafter refuge destination for various migrant groups since the early twentieth century, it
has been a place where African immigrants are alienated and marginalized (Grabska &
Sharmani, 2009). The situation is even worse for African refugees and asylum seekers.
The lack of social and economic support deemed their situation more complex than
other diasporic Africans living in Egypt. Grabska & Sharmani (2009) attribute that to
the tension resulting from the scarcity of economic resources and the differences in
ethnic and religious affiliations between Egyptians and diasporic Africans. Those
elements depicted African immigrants as intruding on ‘others’ in Egyptian society
(Poole, 2011).
According to the latest report by the United Nations High Commissioner for
Refugees (UNHCR), as of March 31, 2021, Egypt hosts more than 261,000 registered
asylum seekers and refugees from 56 countries. The second-largest group of asylum
seekers and refugees is from Sudan, counting for 49,670, followed by South Sudan,
Eretria, Ethiopia, and Somalia (UNHCR Egypt, 2021). The vast majority of them are
concentrated in Greater Cairo (Cairo, Giza, and Qalyubia). Sani (2013) attributes the
high number to the leniency of the Egyptian authorities in granting African immigrants
student and tourist visas, then later allowing them to stay. Due to the challenging
economic condition, cultural and religious differences, and in some cases, language
barriers, refugees in Egypt are in the most vulnerable position (Grabska & Sharmani,
2009). The strict measurements taken by Europe and the West to curb the flow of
refugees and economic migrants leave many African refugees stranded in Egypt, unable
to go home or move to any other place (Sani, 2013).
Among the different ethnicities, the Sudanese, both Northern and Southern,
count for the biggest number of African immigrants and asylum seekers in Egypt
(UNHCR Egypt, 2021). However, the numbers mentioned in the report are not reflective
of the exact number of Sudanese living in Egypt. In addition to the Sudanese asylum
seekers, some Sudanese immigrants have lived in Egypt for a long time. Their exact
number is hard to come by. Various reports estimate their numbers between tens of
thousands and few millions; however, those are estimates and are yet to be confirmed
(Grabska & Sharmani, 2009; Jacobsen, Ayoub, & Johnson, 2012). The difficulty in

56

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

determining their number lies in the variation of their legal status. There have been
different waves of Sudanese immigration arriving at different points of time and for
various reasons. One group represents an older generation who migrated when there
was freedom of movement between Egypt and Sudan under the 1976 Wadi El-Nil (Nile
Valley) Treaty. However, the Egyptian authorities later revoked this right after an
assassination attempt by Sudanese Islamist Extremists targeted the Egyptian president
Hosni Mubarak in 1995 (Azzam, 2006). Members of this group identify as migrants
rather than refugees. This group of Sudanese migrants has been living in Egypt for a
long time, and they are, more or less, integrated into Egyptian society (Jacobsen, Ayoub,
& Johnson, 2012). Other groups arrived in Egypt in different waves due to the civil war
in the South and the armed conflict in Darfur (Azzam, 2006; Grabska & Sharmani,
2009). Although they identify as refugees, not many have acquired a formal refugee
status (Jacobsen, Ayoub, & Johnson, 2012).
Due to the shared history, Arab identity, and religion, Muslim Arab Sudanese
have, more or less, been able to integrate better than other African immigrants (Sani,
2013). In contrast, the Southern Sudanese population, much like other sub-Saharan
Africans, have had a much harder time blending in due to lacking the same shared
elements (Poole, 2011). Nevertheless, the socio-cultural perception of blackness in
Egyptian society posed many challenges for both groups throughout the years. Scholars
have argued that African immigrants and refugees try to negotiate their differences with
their host populations by employing different strategies for survival (Poole, 2011; Fábos,
2012). In her article, Resisting blackness, Embracing Rightness, Fábos contends that the
Muslim Arab Sudanese negotiate their disadvantaged position by “whitening”
themselves due to the Egyptian racial classification. Northern Sudanese attempt to
portray themselves as Arabs rather than Africans through their reluctance to be
perceived as black and emphasize their Muslim Arabic identity (Fábos, 2012). Poole
(2011) also contends the same opinion and argues that the Northern Sudanese adopted
a complex system of skin color categories to differentiate themselves as Arabs from the
Africans. According to her, “the wide range of skin color categorizations is related to the
Muslim Arab Sudanese desire to show their affinity with Arabs.” (Poole, 2011, p. 97). The
Sudanese skin tone system is a manifestation of colorism in the Sudanese culture, where

57

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

the lightness of skin is more favorable than the darkness. Poole contends that the
Muslim Arab Sudanese associate blackness with inferior groups due to their religion
(religions other than Islam) and their history of enslavement. A history that Muslim
Arab Sudanese do not wish to be associated with them. Therefore, the Muslim Arab
Sudanese associate themselves with a middle group between whiteness and blackness
(Poole, 2011).
Despite their perceived position in the color categorization, Egyptians only see
Northern Sudanese as black. Regardless of the shared history, language, and religion
with Egyptians, one difference always prevails: the blackness of their skin. Due to that
fact alone, many Sudanese face harassment in Egyptian society. One Sudanese refugee
complained that since he first arrived in Egypt, people constantly harassed him due to
his Sudanese dialect and skin color. According to him, a passerby once spat on him in
the street for no reason. He also reported being called Uthmana, Shokalata
[chocolate], eswed [black], Zola [Sudanese word for a guy] (Equal Rights Trust Country
Report, 2018). Both Uthmana and Zola have been sarcastically feminized from Uthman
and Zol, following the Nubian dialect stereotype of mixing feminine/masculine
pronouns. The Sudanese refugee also added that he assumed that maybe his Sudanese
dialect is causing those harassments, so he attempted to learn and use the Egyptian
dialect instead, but it still did not provide much help (Equal Rights Trust Country
Report, 2018). Another female Sudanese refugee reported being called Shokalata, Sooda
(black), Samra (dark brown/black)” (Primo, 2017). She also noticed that people
sometimes avoid sitting next to her in public transportation. someone once told her that
showering is not helpful “you will remain dirty anyway” (Primo, 2017). Furthermore,
another Sudanese refugee reported that someone in the street once harassed her, and
when she protested, he told her that she is not worthy of being harassed (Primo, 2017).
In addition to the verbal harassment, African immigrants also report being
exploited by landlords who often ask for much higher rents than the average price
(Golia, 2004). As a result, they resort to sharing apartments with many people to afford
their overly-priced rent. Legally, refugees are not allowed to work. Therefore, they rely
on the informal labor sector to make a living (Miranda, 2018). With the lack of work
permits and proficiency in the local language, refugees have limited options to choose

58

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

from. If they could find a job, they usually get paid meager wages for hard work. Men
end up working in factories or construction sites and women as maids or nannies (Golia,
2004). Even in those jobs, they still suffer from discrimination. One Sudanese refugee
who worked as a salesman in an electricity shop reported that he was usually assigned
extra work because of his refugee status (Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018). In
addition to being paid less than other Egyptians working at the same place, he described
being mistreated by his employer and the customers. In the end, he was let go for being
a trouble maker after he complained to his employer that he was insulted by a customer
(Equal Rights Trust Country Report, 2018).
In addition to the social stigma around blackness, the Egyptian press also
promotes anti-blackness and racism against Africans. In recent years, some published
articles portrayed Africans as deviants who spread crime and disease. On March 2, 2007,
Al-Musawwer, a state-owned magazine, published an article titled AIDS…is coming!
(Sani, 2013). The article claimed that 90% percent of foreigners with HIV in Egypt are
Africans. In addition to “informing” its readers, the article was sending an alarm to the
minister of health to identify the foreigners who have the virus, especially “those
Africans … who are now spread throughout Egypt” (Sani, 2013, p. 174). Another article
was published on January 5, 2006, in Sabah Al-Kheir magazine titled Sudanese Brothers
Refused All the Possible Solutions. The article was published few days after the police
forces violently ended a three months sit-in by more than 2000 Sudanese refugees near
the UNHCR’s office (Azzam, 2006). The Sudanese protestors were trying to end the
UNHCRR’s suspension of the determination of the refugee status for asylum seekers and
requesting to improve their living conditions in Cairo (Azzam, 2006). The Egyptian
security forces used gas bombs, rubber bullets, and batons against the peaceful
protestors (Elhennawy, 2020). This resulted in 56 Sudanese refugees and asylum
seekers, the disappearance of 70 child and multiple injuries (Elhennawy, 2020).
Moreover, one month after the eviction of the protestors, a 14-year-old boy took
his own life while in detention (Azzam, 2006). The article mentioned above was one
among many articles justifying the violent attack on the refugees’ sit-in by blaming them
for spreading AIDS and other diseases (Elhennawy, 2020). Before and after the attack,
several refugees reported being verbally and physically harassed by the Egyptian

59

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

authorities. In addition, they reported being racially profiled by forces who usually stop
them for identity checks for no other reason but their skin color (The Egyptian Initiative
for Personal Rights & International Federation for Human Rights, 2007).
Several years after the Sudanese refugees
incident, anti-blackness and hate speech find their way
in the Egyptian press. On August 26, 2014, Youm 7
newspaper published an article titled Niggers..[black
Terror Gangs in Cairo] (see Figure 15). The article
investigated crimes committed by 115 “African”
teenagers, referred to as “terror gangs,” against South
Sudanese activists and journalists in Cairo (Elhennawy,
2020). Shortly after the article was published, the
newspaper received a backlash on social media for its
use of racist terms. People on social media considered
the article racist and inciting hate against the Sudanese

Figure 15: A newspaper article titled
(Niggers..[black terror gangs in Cairo])
– Image (Sharif, 2015)

community and other dark-skinned Africans in Egypt
(Sharif, 2015). The newspaper later removed the controversial terms from its digital copy
and published a statement of clarification on their website (Sharif, 2015). The newspaper
apologized and asserted that neither the article nor the title was intended to offend
anyone and that the report was meant to shed light on the threats facing the Sudanese
refugees in Egypt (Youm 7 Newspaper, 2014).
Moreover, instead of holding accountability for the use of a well-known racist
expression. The newspaper defended its use of the term “niggers” to present in a report
about African affairs issued by Kush Center for African Studies in Cairo (Youm 7
Newspaper, 2014). Despite the newspaper’s comment, it failed to address the real issue
behind the article. The article was designed to instill fear upon the readers. The article’s
use of the infamous word “Niggers” to describe Southern Sudanese teenagers is
unjustifiable and out of context. The use of the imported term and the image of black
people holding guns is intended to portray the stereotypical American image of AfricanAmericans as dangerous thugs. Many of the readers are familiar with this image due to
their consumption of American media (Perry, 2006). Looking at all those elements, it is

60

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

hard to see how the depiction of the Sudanese refugees as violent criminals holding guns
and spreading terror in the streets of Cairo is in the interest of the Sudanese refugees.
The main difference between the type of anti-blackness discussed in Chapter
Three and the one highlighted in the articles mentioned above is that the former is far
more dangerous. Those articles are not ridiculing blackness but demonizing it. The
messages conveyed by the three articles stigmatize blackness and alienates the African
refugees living in Egypt. The first article bluntly blamed African refugees for the spread
of AIDS. The second article also made the same accusations; however, this time, it
dissimulated the use of violence against the protesting refugees under words such as
“Sudanese brothers refused all the possible solutions.”
On the other hand, the third article takes a different direction in the
stigmatization of African refugees. This time they are portrayed as violent gangs lurking
in the streets of Cairo. The average Egyptian who consumes such content would see only
blackness of skin, and the only words that are going to be attached to it are diseases and
crimes. The consequences of those articles have been devastating for refugees and the
entire black population living in Egyptian society. Nada Zeitoun, an Egyptian Nubian
filmmaker, disclosed an incident on social media where she was denied receiving a
service from a local pharmacy because the pharmacist said that he does not “accept
money from black hands” (Siegelbaum, 2013). Shortly after the incident, Zeitoun was
contacted by one of the pharmacy owners who apologized, explaining that “[the
pharmacist] was unaware that you are Egyptian. He assumed you were an African
refugee” (Siegelbaum, 2013).
The negative experiences of black people do not end on hate-inciting articles or
refusal of giving service. Although they are not common nevertheless, in recent years,
there have been reported assaults on African immigrants that were described as racially
motivated (Sani, 2013). According to one report, a Sudanese street vendor was stabbed
in Cairo, but luckily, the victim survived the attack (Sani, 2013). When he was asked
about what could have caused the attack on him, he dismissed racism as a motive.
Instead, he attributed the assault to the economic difficulties and the assumption that
refugees take opportunities from the locals (Sani, 2013).

61

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Moreover, he asserted that the aggression is not aimed at Sudanese in particular
but African refugees in general (Sani, 2013). Azzam (2006) defines many of the
harassments targeting African refugees as “racist,” yet he also observes that the
economic factor could also be a possible motive. He argues that due to the high rate of
unemployment and the declining economy, many Egyptians suffer from poverty which
explains why they resent the refugees whom they accuse of taking a share from the labor
market in addition to having access to refugee services that many of the Egyptians do
not have access to. Poole (2011) also argues that the scarcity of economic resources puts
African immigrants and refugees at direct confrontation with the locals, who view them
as a threat to their limited resources.
Bullying incidents among Sudanese
children became recurrent in recent years.
One incident, in particular, caused great
anger among Egyptians on social media and
gained media attention. In 2020, a short
video was posted on the social media app
TikTok, depicting a 15-year-old Sudanese
refugee named Nael being bullied by three
teenagers (Hend El-Behary & Al-Masry AlYoum, 2020). The video (see Figure 16)

Figure 16: A screenshot from an online video of an
Egyptian teenager throwing a stone at a Sudanese
refugee – Photo (Hend El-Behary & Al-Masry Al-Youm,
2020)

depicts one of the three teenagers throwing stones at Nael, while another is laughing as
he is recording the video. Shortly after the attack, Nael’s family filed a report to the
attorney general about what they described as a “racist assault” and “bullying” against
Nael (Al-Erian, 2020). In addition to the physical assault, Nael reported being insulted
with racist expressions, in addition to having his money, mobile phone, and backpack
stolen by his attackers (Al-Erian, 2020). When Nael was asked about the attack in a news
report, he replied that this incident was not the first and that he, along with his brother,
have constantly been harassed and called names while walking in the streets due to their
dark skin (Hend El-Behary & Al-Masry Al-Youm, 2020).
In addition to the Egyptian society’s view on blackness, factors such as national
identity, class, and purpose of stay greatly influence how diasporic Africans are treated.

62

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

In her dissertation, black Skin is Half Beauty, Poole (2011) interviewed different groups
of African descent to examine the variations in their experiences in Egypt. Poole
observes that people of African descent who visited Egypt as tourists did not experience
discrimination; however, she also points out that they stayed in high-end hotels and
had limited interactions with the locals. Another group interviewed is considered to be
among the elites, working in prestigious jobs or doing postgraduate studies. They
described their experience as isolated and distant from the locals. They emphasized that
the elements of race and color were usually present in their interaction with Egyptians
and often made them uncomfortable. However, they ascribed their isolation to their
inability to cope with Cairo’s overcrowding, pollution, and heat, which are reasons that
Poole contends to being shared among foreigners living in Egypt.
On the other hand, students interviewed by Poole expressed their struggle with
colorism and racism. One of the students interviewed reported being followed by kids
who clapped while calling her names, such as soda (black), shokalata, Samara, among
other names. Poole also recognizes the differences in treatment based on national
identity. She argues that American and British people of African descent are treated
much better than sub-Saharan Africans and the Sudanese (Poole, 2011). Therefore,
Africans living in Egypt sometimes pretend to be African-Americans to protect
themselves from discrimination and harassment, especially when approached by
Egyptian authorities (Poole, 2011).

63

Anti-blackness in Egypt
5

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Discussion and Conclusion

This research has aimed to examine the multilayered discussion of colorism and antiblackness in Egypt from historical, social, and cultural perspectives. This study has
recognized the limitation of the available literature on Egypt’s color prejudices and
discrimination from the early stages of research. Even though scholars have recognized
that Egyptians have never perceived race as a form of collective identity, they also
asserted that Egyptians have a clear conception of color and an almost fixed perception
of whiteness and blackness. This dilemma created a challenge for researchers in defining
racism in Egypt and the Arab world (Downing & Gamil, 2020; Poole, 2011). Therefore,
the first aim of this research has been to propose a suitable term that describes
prejudices and discrimination against black people. As highlighted in Chapter 1.1, this
research has proposed the notion of “anti-blackness” to examine such a phenomenon.
Moreover, in line with the hypothesis, this study has argued that anti-blackness in Egypt
is part of a multilayered socio-cultural process that has created cultural stereotypes and
social stigma around blackness. To examine this process, this research has applied
Hofstede’s onion model of culture as the theoretical framework.
In Chapter Two, this study has demonstrated that anti-blackness in Egypt is the
outcome of three main factors: Nineteenth-century elite culture, colonialism, and
slavery. By examining all three aspects, this study has found that foreign rule,
represented in the Ottoman followed by the British colonization, has led to the
construct of whiteness or white superiority in Egyptian society. Moreover, this study has
found that Egypt’s history of slavery and colonization of Sudan influenced society’s
perception of blackness. These findings fit with the notion of colonized colonizer that
has been suggested by Powell (2003). According to Powell, Egyptian national identity
has been formed during Egypt’s colonization of Sudan while being colonized by Britain.
This perceived identity has been created within a power dynamic that associated
Whiteness with superiority and power, while blackness with inferiority and
backwardness.
Another aim for this research has been to examine the manifestations and
implications of anti-blackness in Egypt. As previously discussed, anti-blackness has
64

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

taken various forms in Egyptian society. The analysis of black representation in Egyptian
media has shown that blackness has been used as a substance for ridicule either in the
employment of blackface or the cast of black people in stereotypical roles that
undermine and ridicule blackness. Moreover, this study has also observed that black
representation in media has helped reproduce social stigma and cultural stereotypes
around blackness. The examination of anti-black incidents in Egypt has shown that
most harassments have followed the jokes and stereotypes observed in Egyptian media.
Several reported incidents highlight using words such as Samara, Shokalata, Uthman,
Bakar, Bawab (doorman), Khaddam (servant), and others to ridicule and harass Nubians
Sudanese and sub-Saharan Africans in Egypt. By shedding light on the correlation
between black representation in media and anti-black harassment, this study has
argued that Egyptian media has not only been reflecting anti-blackness but has also
been making it persist in Egyptian society.
As highlighted in Chapters Three and Four, anti-blackness has been manifested
in various forms in Egyptian society. However, instead of realizing and addressing it,
anti-blackness in Egypt is either justified or rejected altogether. Despite the negative
representation of black people in media and the various reports of harassment of black
people, the popular perception among Egyptians has been that racism is not part of the
Egyptian culture (Golia, 2004). The ridicule of blackness is perceived as “just a joke” (see
Chapter 3.2.2 and 3.2.3); the association of blackness with ugliness is seen as a matter
of taste (Poole, 2011); the harassment of black people is considered an individual
behavior that does not represent Egyptians (Golia, 2004).
It is worth mentioning that this research does not claim that anti-blackness is a
state policy, nor does it argue that Egyptians are anti-black. This study is well aware that
anti-blackness in Egypt has never taken the form of discriminatory laws or racial
segregation and that throughout history, several black people have reached high
positions in Egyptian society (Golia, 2004; Poole, 2011). Nevertheless, after the study of
literature, the analysis of black representation in media, and the examination of
numerous incidents reported by black people living in Egypt, this research strongly
suggests that color prejudices and anti-black discrimination are present in Egyptian
reality. Therefore, the primary goal of this study has been to debunk this myth and

65

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

provide evidence of the multiple forms of implicit and explicit anti-blackness in Egypt.
More importantly, it has aimed to examine the impact of anti-blackness in Egypt, how
it evolved, how blackness came to be perceived, how those perceptions formed
judgments, and how those judgments became rigid stereotypes transmitted through
time and space until they became a reality in Egypt.
Similar to the parable of the elephant and the five blind men, where each man is
describing the elephant based on the part that they examine, likewise, this study does
not claim to have covered the whole picture; instead, it has intended to examine a part
that is neglected and ignored in the Egyptian society. Other parts are still needed to be
examined and discussed to provide a clearer picture. This research recognizes the
complexity of the subjects of color and anti-blackness in Egypt and that they are
interwoven with more complex issues such as national identity, language, class,
education, and public awareness. To tackle those issues would be beyond the scope of
this paper. Further research is needed to examine the correlation between those
elements and the perception of color in Egypt. In addition, further studies should
consider the impact of social media platforms and global social movements (GSMs) such
as black lives Matter on the perception of blackness in the Arab world.
In the end, this research realizes that it is difficult to gauge the extent of
stereotypes, color prejudices, and anti-blackness that black people endure in Egypt;
however, it also understands that confronting this reality is impossible without
accepting it first. Although this study has observed that social media platforms have
contributed to some promising development in public opinion in recent years, the end
goal is yet to be achieved. If stereotypes remain unquestioned, media content is not
reviewed, and discrimination is unpunished, there could be no hope in addressing antiblackness in Egypt.

66

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Bibliography
Abdul-Samad, L. (2017, May 2). Arabs, the N-Word And the A-Word are the Same.
Retrieved May 16, 2021 from MuslimGirl: https://muslimgirl.com/arabs-nword-word/
Ahmed, I. A. (2016). "Pharonism" in the Political Thinking of Anta Diop: A Study in
the African Identity of Egypt. (I. B. Sabry, Trans.) Cairo, Egypt.
Al-Erian, M. (2020, June 28). ‫ﺑﺎﻟﻔﯿﺪﯾﻮ‬.. ‫ﺑﻼغ ﻣﻦ اﻟﻄﻔﻞ اﻟﺴﻮداﻧﻲ اﻟﺬي ﺗﻌﺮض ﻟﻼﻋﺘﺪاء واﻟﺘﻨﻤﺮ‬
‫ ﻣﺒﺎﺣﺚ إﻣﺒﺎﺑﺔ ﺿﺒﻄﺖ أﺣﺪ اﻟﻤﻌﺘﺪﯾﻦ ﻋﻠﻰ ﻧﺎﺋﻞ‬:‫ وﻣﺤﺎﻣﯿﮫ‬..‫[واﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ‬In the video, a report from
the Sudanese child who was subjected to assault, bullying and racism ... and
his lawyer: Imbaba Investi]. Retrieved May 9, 2021 from Daaarb Website:
https://daaarb.com/%D8%A8%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%81%D9%8A%D8%AF
%D9%8A%D9%88-%D8%A8%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%BA%D9%85%D9%86-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B7%D9%81%D9%84%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%88%D8%AF%D8%A7%D9%86%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B0%D9%8A-%D8%AA/
Al-Karama Newspaper. (2007, October 1). [Tutankhamun is not a Negro] ‫ﺗﻮت ﻋﻨﺦ آﻣﻮن‬
ً‫ﻟﯿﺲ زﻧﺠﯿﺎ‬. Retrieved October 15, 2021 from The Egyptian Press Archive of
CEDEJ:
http://cedej.bibalex.org/DocumentFrm.aspx?documentID=322863&lang=en
&All=%D8%B2%D9%86%D9%88%D8%AC
Aljazeera. (2019, May 18). Egypt Blackface sketch about Sudanese spotlights racism in
region. Retrieved April 18, 2021 from Aljazeera Web site:
https://black.aljazeera.com/features/2019/5/18/egypt-Blackface-sketchabout-sudanese-spotlights-racism-in-region
Almadenahnews.com. (2016, July 22). ‫[ !ﺗﻌﺮﻓﻮا ﻋﻠﻰ اﺑﻦ اﻟﻜﻮﻣﯿﺪي ﺳﻠﯿﻤﺎن ﻋﯿﺪ‬Get to Know the
Comedian Soliman Eid] -. Retrieved April 15, 2021 from Al Madena News
Website: https://black.almadenahnews.com/article/499687--‫ﻋﻠﻰ‬-‫ﺗﻌﺮﻓﻮا‬-‫ﺻﻮر‬
‫ﻋﯿﺪ‬-‫ﺳﻠﯿﻤﺎن‬-‫اﻟﻜﻮﻣﯿﺪي‬-‫اﺑﻦ‬
Alpion, G. (2017). Encounters with Civilizations: From Alexander the Great to Mother
Teresa. New York: Routledge.
Amin, S. (2012, October 9). Are Egyptians Africans or Arabs? Retrieved May 15, 2021
from Alarabiya News Website:
https://web.archive.org/web/20121009123756/http://english.alarabiya.net/vi
ews/2012/09/10/237140.html
Anderson, L. (2015, August). Racist Humor. Philosophy Compass, 10(8), 501-509.
Annahar. (2018, May 29). ‫ﻧﺎﺻﺮ اﻟﻘﺼﺒﻲ ﺿﺪ اﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ وﻋﺰﻣﻲ وأﺷﺠﺎن ﯾﺜﯿﺮان ﻏﻀﺐ اﻟﺸﻌﺐ اﻟﺴﻮداﻧﻲ‬Nasser El-Kasaby is Against Racism and Azmi We Ashgan Provoke the Anger
67

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

of Sudanese People. Retrieved April 29, 2021 from Annahar Newspaper Web
site: https://black.annahar.com/arabic/article/811261--‫اﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ‬-‫ﺿﺪ‬-‫اﻟﻘﺼﺒﻲ‬-‫ﻧﺎﺻﺮ‬
‫اﻟﺴﻮداﻧﻲ‬-‫اﻟﺸﻌﺐ‬-‫ﻏﻀﺐ‬-‫ﯾﺜﯿﺮان‬-‫وأﺷﺠﺎن‬-‫وﻋﺰﻣﻲ‬
Azzam, F. (. (2006). A Tragedy of Failures and False Expectations: Report on the
Events Surrounding the Threemonth Sitin and Forced Removal of Sudanese
Refugees in Cairo, September–December 2005. The American University in
Cairo, Forced Migration and Refugee Studies Program. Cairo: The American
University in Cairo.
Badra, K. (2000, May 21). Black girl with Negro Features represents Egypt in Miss
World Beauty Pageant. (J. a. Centre for Economic, Producer) Retrieved April
18, 2021 from Al-Gomhoreya - Egyptian Press Archive of CEDEJ:
http://cedej.bibalex.org/DocumentFrm.aspx?documentID=668915&lang=en
&All=0%‫زﻧﻮج‬Ahttp://cedej.bibalex.org/ViewerServices/ContentService.svc/D
C_668915/Page/1/Image?Width=977.326968973747&Height=546&currenttim
e=1617371459537
Baer, G. (1967, November 1967). Slavery in Nineteenth Century Egypt. The Journal of
African History, 8(03), pp 417 - 441.
Bal, A. S., Pitt, L., Berthon, P., & DesAutels, P. (2009). Caricatures, Cartoons, Spoofs
and Satires: Political Brands as Butts. Journal of Public Affairs, 229-237.
BBC Monitoring. (2019, May 11). Egypt Actress Under Fire for Sudanese Role in Prank
Show. Retrieved April 11, 2021 from BBC Monitoring Web site:
https://monitoring.bbc.co.uk/product/c200t1r5
Becker, G., & Arnold, R. (1986). Stigma as a social and cultural Construct becker1986.pdf. In S. C. Ainlay, G. Becker, & L. M. Coleman, The Dilemma of
Difference: A Multidisciplinary View of Stigma. New York: Plenum Press.
Beinin, J. (2001). Workers and Peasants in the Modern Middle East. Cambridge
University Press.
Biney, A. (2011). Nkrumah’s Politics, 1958–1966. In A. Biney, The Political and Social
Thought of Kwame Nkrumah (pp. 81-98). New York: Palgrave Macmillan.
Bordalo, P., Coffman, K., Gennaioli, N., & Shleifer, A. (2015, May). Stereotypes.
Retrieved 2021 13, April from Harvard:
https://scholar.harvard.edu/files/shleifer/files/stereotypes_june_6.pdf
Burke, P. (1993). History and Social Theory. Ithaca, New York: Cornell University
Press.
Dakroub, K. (2009). Aragoz. Retrieved May 4, 2021 from World Encyclopeida of
Puppetry Arts: https://wepa.unima.org/en/aragoz/

68

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Dakroury, A. (2014). Media and Culture. Global Media Journal -- Canadian Edition,
7(2), 1-3.
Darwish, S. (2016, July 10). "‫"ﺟﮫ ﯾﻜﺤﻠﮭﺎ ﻋﻤﺎھﺎ‬.. ‫رﺳﻮم ﻛﺎرﯾﻜﺎﺗﯿﺮ واﺟﮭﺖ اﺗﮭﺎﻣﺎت ﺑﺎﻟﺘﺤﺮﯾﺾ ﻋﻠﻰ اﻟﺘﺤﺮش‬
- Caricature Drawings that Faced Criticisms for Encouarging Harrasment.
Retrieved April 22, 2021 from Youm7 Newspaper Website:
https://black.youm7.com/story/2016/7/10/%D8%AC%D9%87%D9%8A%D9%83%D8%AD%D9%84%D9%87%D8%A7%D8%B9%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%87%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%B3%D9%88%D9%85%D9%83%D8%A7%D8%B1%D9%8A%D9%83%D8%A7%D8%AA%D9%8A
%D8%B1-%D9%88%D8%A7%D8%AC%D9%87%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%AA%D9%87%D8%A7%
Dixon, A. R., & Telles, E. E. (2017). Skin Color and Colorism: Global Research,
Concepts, and Measurement. Annual Review of Sociology, Vol. 43, 405-424.

Downing, J. D., & Gamil, A. I. (2020). Blackness in Arab transnational television
comedy: Fresh Pushback Against Entrenched Stereotypes. The International
Communication Gazette.
Dream TV Egypt. (2015, July 4). ‫اﻟﻌﺎﺷﺮة ﻣﺴﺎء| ﻣﺮﺗﻀﻲ ﻣﻨﺼﻮر ﯾﺴﺐ أﺣﻤﺪ اﻟﻤﯿﺮﻏﻨﻲ ﺑﺄﻟﻔﺎظ ﺧﺎرﺟﺔ ﻋﻠﻰ‬
‫اﻟﮭﻮاء‬Ten PM - Mortada Mansour Insults Ahmed El-Merghany with Profain
Words on Live TV -. Retrieved May 1, 2021 from Youtube:
https://black.youtube.com/watch?v=YSFwBa4ssfw&ab_channel=DreamTVE
gypt
Egyptian Observatory for the Elimination of Racism. (2018). Project for Promoting
Pluralism and Rejecting Racial Discrimination in Egyptian Media. Border
Center for Support and Consulting. Aswan: Border Center for Support and
Consulting.
Ehsan, BLACK. (Director). (2003). Elly baly balak - You know who [Motion Picture].
El Amrani, I. (2011, March 30). The khawaga’s lament. Egypt Independant.
El Sobky Productions - ‫اﻟﺴﺒﻜﻲ‬. (2019, June 18). Azmi We Ashgan Series - Episode 08.
Retrieved April 18, 2021 from Youtube Web site:
https://black.youtube.com/watch?v=3clbdhbw4Ys
El Sobky Productions - ‫اﻟﺴﺒﻜﻲ‬. (2019, June 18). Azmi We Ashgan Series - Episode 10.
Retrieved April 23, 2021 from Youtube Web site:
https://black.youtube.com/watch?v=09aZ-9SeQDo

69

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

El Sobky Productions - ‫اﻟﺴﺒﻜﻲ‬. (2019, June 18). zmi We Ashgan Series - Episode 09.
Retrieved April 18, 2021 from Youtube Web site:
https://black.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjr2Q7MK9QM
El-Geressi, BLACK. (2020, January 17). The Prevalence of Blackface in Arab Pop
Culture: And the Uncomfortable Truth It Exposes of a Widespread Ignorance
of History. Retrieved April 15, 2021 from Majalla Web site:
https://eng.majalla.com/node/80461/the-prevalence-of-Blackface-in-arabpop-culture
El-Geressi, BLACK. (2020, June 12). Racism in the Arab World: An Open Secret - A
Region in Denial Reflects Ignorance of History. Retrieved April 12, 2021 from
Majalla: https://eng.majalla.com/node/91756/racism-in-the-arab-world-anopen-secret
Elcinema.com. (n.d.). Rania El-Sayed. Retrieved April 18, 2021 from Elcinema:
https://elcinema.com/person/2069724/
Elhennawy, BLACK. (2020, July 19). ‫ﺴﻮد"ﻟﻤﺎذا ﺗﻨﺘﺸﺮ اﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ ﺗﺠﺎه‬
‫[ﻓﻲ ﻣﺼﺮ؟ "اﻷﻓﺎرﻗﺔ اﻟ ﱡ‬Why is
Racism Against Black Africans is Spread in Egypt]. Retrieved May 8, 2021
from Aljazeera:
https://black.aljazeera.net/midan/2020/7/19/%D9%84%D9%85%D8%A7%D
8%B0%D8%A7-%D8%AA%D9%86%D8%AA%D8%B4%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%86%D8%B5%D8%B1%D9%8A%D8%A9%D8%AA%D8%AC%D8%A7%D9%87%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D9%81%D8%A7%D8%B1%D9%82%D8%A9
Elsaket, I. (2017, Fall). Jungle Films In Egypt: Race, Anti-Blackness, And Empire. The
Arab Studies Journal, 25(2), 8-33.
Encyclopaedia Britannica. (1998, July 20). Pasha. Retrieved April 21, 2021 from
Encyclopaedia Britannica: https://black.britannica.com/topic/pasha
Equal Rights Trust Country Report. (2018). A Past Still Present: Addressing
Discrimination and Inequality in Egypt. London: Equal Rights Trust.
Fábos, A. (2012). Resisting Blackness, Embracing Rightness: How Muslim Arab
Sudanese Women Negotiate their Identity in the Diaspora. Ethnic and
Racial Studies, 35(2), 218-237.
Fahmy, K. (2008). The era of Muhammad Ali Pasha, 1805-1848. In M. BLACK. Daly,
The Cambridge History of Egypt - Modern Egypt, from 1517 to the End of the
Twentieth Century (Vol. Volume 2). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Fahmy, Z. (2011). Ordinary Egyptians Creating the Modern Nation Through Popular
Culture. Stanford, California: Stanford University Press.

70

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Galal, N. (Director). (2000). Halo Amrika (Hello America) [Motion Picture].
Gamil, B. (2015, October 5). ‫ﺑﺎﻟﺼﻮر‬.. ‫إﻋﻼﻧﺎت ﻛﺎزﯾﻨﻮھﺎت وﺣﻔﻼت ﻧﺠﻮم اﻟﺰﻣﻦ اﻟﺠﻤﯿﻞ‬.. - With
pictures ... Casinos ads and concerts of the stars of the beautiful time.
Retrieved April, 2021 from Youm7.com:
https://black.youm7.com/story/2015/10/5/%D8%A8%D8%A7%D9%84%D8
%B5%D9%88%D8%B1%D8%A5%D8%B9%D9%84%D8%A7%D9%86%D8%A7%D8%AA%D9%83%D8%A7%D8%B2%D9%8A%D9%86%D9%88%D9%87%D8%A7%
D8%AA-%D9%88%D8%AD%D9%81%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA%D9%86%D8%AC%D9%88%D9%85-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B2%D
Gaskins, L.-R. (2012). The New Blackface in the 21st Century. The Metropolitan
Review, 26-34.
Given, L. M. (Ed.). (2008). The SAGE Encyclopedia of Qualitative Research Methods.
SAGE Publications, Inc.
Golia, M. (2004). Cairo: City of Sand. London, Great Britain: Reaktion Books.
Gololy.com. (2012, July 7). ‫ ﺗﻌّﺮف ﻋﻠﯿﮫ‬..‫ !ﻣﺤﻤﺪ ﻛﺎﻣﻞ أﺷﮭﺮ ﺧﺎدم ﻓﻲ ﺗﺎرﯾﺦ اﻟﺴﯿﻨﻤﺎ‬- Mohamed Kamel
The Most Famous Servant in the History of Cinema. Retrieved April 9, 2021
from Gololy.com:
https://gololy.com/2012/07/08/17162/%D9%85%D8%AD%D9%85%D8%AF%D9%83%D8%A7%D9%85%D9%84-%D8%A3%D8%B4%D9%87%D8%B1%D8%AE%D8%A7%D8%AF%D9%85-%D9%81%D9%8A%D8%AA%D8%A7%D8%B1%D9%8A%D8%AE%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%8A%D9%86%D9%85%D8%A7%D8%AA.html
Gordon, M. (1992). Slavery in the Arab World. New Amsterdam.
Grabska, K., & Sharmani, M. (2009). Diasporic African Refugees: Ambivalent Status
and Cosmopolitan Struggles in Cairo. In S. D., & A. P. (Eds.), Re-making
Cairo: Politics, Culture, and Urban Space in the New Globalized Middle East
(Vol. 2).
Green, L. (1998). Negative Racial Stereotypes and Their Effect on Attitudes Toward
African-Americans. From Ferris State Universiy:
https://black.ferris.edu/htmls/news/jimcrow/links/essays/vcu.htm
Hamed, A. (2016, April 24). ‫ ﺟﮭﻞ أم ﻋﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ؟‬..‫ﺗﺸﻮﯾﮫ اﻹﻋﻼم اﻟﻤﺼﺮي ﻟﻠﻨﻮﺑﺔ‬- Egyptian Media
Defemation of Nubia.. Ignorance or Racism. Retrieved May 1, 2021 from
Aljazeera:
https://black.aljazeera.net/news/reportsandinterviews/2016/4/24/%D8%AA
%D8%B4%D9%88%D9%8A%D9%87%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A5%D8%B9%D9%84%D8%A7%D9%8571

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B5%D8%B1%D9%8A%D9%84%D9%84%D9%86%D9%88%D8%A8%D8%A9%D8%AC%D9%87%D9%84-%D8%A3%D9%85
Hend El-Behary & Al-Masry Al-Youm. (2020, June 28). I Want to Die’ Says Teen
Sudanese Victim of Racist Bullying in Cairo. Retrieved May 8, 2021 from
Egypt Independant: https://egyptindependent.com/i-want-to-die-says-teensudanese-victim-of-racist-bullying-in-cairo/
Hofstede, G. BLACK. (2001). “Culture’s consequences: Comparing values, behaviors,
institutions, and organizations across nations” Excerpt From: Hofstede,
Geert. “Culture's Consequences: Comparing Values, Behaviors, Institutions
and Organizations Across Nations”. Apple Books. Sage Publications, Inc.
Holmes, A. A. (2018, April 19). Opinion: What Egypt’s Racist Campaign Against
Nubians Reveals About Sissi’s Regime. Retrieved April 30, 2021 from The
Washington Post Website: https://black.washingtonpost.com/news/globalopinions/wp/2018/04/19/what-egypts-racist-campaign-against-nubiansreveals-about-sissis-regime/
Ibrahim, BLACK. A. (2008). The Egyptian empire, 1805-1885. In M. BLACK. Daly, The
Cambridge History Of Egypt: Modern Egypt, from 1517 to the End of the
Twentieth Century (Vol. 2, p. 2008). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
İhsanoğlu, E. (2012). The Turks in Egypt and Their Cultural Legacy. (BLACK. Davies,
Trans.) Cairo: The American University in Cairo Press.
Jablonski, N. G. (2012). Living Color - The Biological and Social MEaning of Skin
Color. University of California Press.
Jacobsen, K., Ayoub, M., & Johnson, A. (2012). Remittances to Transit Countries: The
impact on Sudanese refugee livelihoods in Cairo. Cairo: The Center for
Migration and Refugee Studies (CMRS).
Janmyr, M. (2016). Human Rights and Nubian Mobilisation in Egypt: Towards
Recognition of Indigeneity. Third World Quarterly, 38(3), pp. 717–733.
King, S. J. (2019, October 04). Black Arabs and African migrants: between slavery
and racism in North Africa. The Journal of North African Studies.
Kozma, L. (2010). Black, Kinless, and Hungry: Manumitted Female Slaves in
Khedival Egypt. In T. Walz, & K. M. Cuno, Histories of Trans-Saharan
Africans in Nineteenth-Century Egypt, Sudan, and the Ottoman
Mediterranean (pp. 197-216). Cairo: The American University in Cairo Press.
Lewis, B. (1990). Race and Slavery in the Middle East - An Historical Enquiry. Oxford:
Oxford University Press.

72

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Magdy, S. (2020, January 2). Fleeing War, Poverty, African Migrants Face Racism in
Egypt. Retrieved April 2, 2021 from Apnews:
https://apnews.com/article/50f901e74759384266bf6a189805c8f2
Marsot, A. L.-S. (2007). A History of Egypt: From the Arab Conquest to the Present.
Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Miranda, P. (2018). Getting by on the Margins: Sudanese and Somali Refugees - A Case
Report of Refugees in Towns Project . Tufts University, Feinstein
International Center, Cairo.
Multicultural Resources Center. (n.d.). Race and Ethnicity Terms & Definitions. From
Amherst College: https://black.amherst.edu/campuslife/ourcommunity/multicultural-resource-center/terms-anddefinitions#:~:text=Anti%2DBlackness%3A%20Behaviors%2C%20attitudes,o
rder%20to%20maintain%20white%20supremacy.
Nasrallah, N. (2019, May 11). "MBC" ‫ اﻟﻘﺼﺔ اﻟﻜﺎﻣﻠﺔ ﻷزﻣﺔ ﺷﯿﻤﺎء ﺳﯿﻒ ﻣﻊ اﻟﺴﻮدان ﺑﺴﺒﺐ‬..‫"ﺷﻘﻠﺒﺎظ"ﺗﺘﺒﺮأ‬
- "MBC" disowns ... the full story of Shaima Saif's crisis with Sudan due to
"Shaqlabaz". Retrieved April 23, 2021 from Al-Watan News:
https://black.elwatannews.com/news/details/4152292?t=push
National Football Teams. (2021, April 18). Gilberto. Retrieved April 16, 2021 from
National Football Teams Web site: https://black.national-footballteams.com/player/215/Gilberto_1.html
O'Connor, D., & Reid, A. (2003). Ancient Egypt in Africa. Taylor & Francis.
Oddoul, BLACK. BLACK. (2004, February 28). ‫ ﻣﻊ ﺧﺎﻟﺺ اﻟﻌﺰاء‬.‫اﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ ﻓﻲ اﻟﺼﺤﺎﻓﺔ اﻟﻤﺼﺮﯾﺔ‬
‫ﻟﻠﺤﯿﺎء‬- Racism in the Egyptian Press: With My Deepest Condolences -.
Retrieved April 30, 2021 from Elaph Web site:
https://elaph.com/Web/Archive/1077985666200010900.html
Ohlsen, F. O. (2013). Defining “Blackness” - The “Other”. Roskilde University - Malmo
University.
Overton, D. J. (1971). Some Aspects of Induced Development in Egypt under
Muhammed Ali Pasha and Khedive Ismail. Thesis (Deptartment of History).
Doctoral Dissertation, Simon Fraser University.
Perry, M. (2006). Perceptions of Race in the Arab World. In Perceptions of Blackness
and Whiteness in the Middle East.
Poole, M. N. (2011). “Brown Skin Is Half of Beauty”: Representations of Beauty and the
Construction of Race in Contemporary Cairo. Emory University, Faculty of
the James T. Laney School of Graduate Studies. Pro Quest.

73

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Potter, L. G. (2014). The Persian Gulf in Modern Times. Palgrave Macmillan.
Powell, E. M. (2003). A Different Shade of Colonialism: Egypt, Great Britain, and the
Mastery of the Sudan. University of California Press.
Powell, E. M. (2010). Slaves or Siblings? Abdallah al-Nadim’s Dialogues about the
Family. In T. Walz, & K. M. Cuno (Eds.), Race and Slavery in the Middle East
- Histories of Trans-Saharan Africans in Nineteenth-Century Egypt, Sudan,
and the Ottoman Mediterranean (pp. 217-228). The American University in
Cairo Press.
Primo, V. (2017, June 5). “They Call Us Black and Filthy”: Sudanese Refugees in Egypt,
Trapped Between Racism and Violence. Retrieved April 20, 2021 from
CairoScene:
https://web.archive.org/web/20201109015314/https://black.cairoscene.com/I
n-Depth/They-Call-Us-Black-and-Filthy-Sudanese-Refugees-in-EgyptTrapped-Between-Racism-and-Violence
Rafla, BLACK. (Director). (1950). Al-Anesa Mama (Mrs. Mama) [Motion Picture].
Egypt.
Ross, T. (2019). Media and Stereotypes. The Palgrave Handbook of Ethnicity, 1-17.
Sadek, S. (2006). Cairo as Global/Regional Cultural Capital? In D. Singerman, & P.
Amar (Eds.), Cairo Cosmopolitan - Politics, Culture, and Urban Space in the
New Globalized Middle East. Cairo: The American University in Cairo Press.
Salahi, A. (2020, December 20). Abuse of Football Star Shikabala Highlights Egypt's
Anti-Black Racism. Retrieved April 22, 2021 from The New Arab Website:
https://english.alaraby.co.uk/english/indepth/2020/12/9/abuse-of-footballstar-shikabala-highlights-egypts-anti-Black-racism
Sammond, N. (2015). Birth of an Industry: Blackface Minstrelsy and the Rise of
American Animation. Durham and London: Duke university Press.
Sani, S. (2013). Hatred for Black People. Xlibris.
Sasapost. (2018, December 2). ‫ ﻣﺎ ﻻ ﺗﻌﺮﻓﮫ ﻋﻦ اﻟﻨﻮﺑﯿﯿﻦ‬..«‫ﻟﯿﺲ ﺑﻮاب ﻋﻤﺎرﺗﻚ وﻻ ﯾﺤﺐ أن ﺗﻨﺎدﯾﮫ »ﺑﻜﺎر‬
‫ﻓﻲ ﻣﺼﺮ‬Not your Doorman and He Does Not Like Being Called <Bakar>..
What You Do Not Know About Nubians in Egypt -. Retrieved May 1, 2021
from Sasapost Website: https://black.sasapost.com/racism-against-nubiansin-egypt/
Sayyid-Marsot, A. L. (2007). A History of Egypt From the Arab Conquest to the
Present (Second Edition ed.). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.

74

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

Shafik, V. (2007). Popular egyptian cinema : Gender, class, and nation. Cairo:
American University in Cairo Press.
Shah, N. A. (2017). Charlie Hebdo: Testing the Limits of Freedom of Expression.
Muslim World Journal of Human Rights, 14(1), 83-111.
Sharif, R. (2014, April 27). ‫رﺳﺎﻣﺔ ﻛﺎرﯾﻜﺎﺗﯿﺮ ﻓﻰ ﺟﺮﯾﺪة أﺧﺒﺎر اﻟﯿﻮم ﺗﻨﺸﺮ ﻛﺎرﯾﻜﺎﺗﯿﺮ ﻋﻨﺼﺮى ﻋﻠﻰ ﺻﻔﺤﺘﮭﺎ‬
‫ﻋﻠﻰ اﻟﻔﯿﺲ ﺑﻮك‬- A Caricaturist in Akhbar Al-Youm Newspaper Publishes a Racist
Caricature on Facebook Page. Retrieved April 22, 2021 from Black in Egypt
Web site:
https://Blackinegypt.wordpress.com/2014/04/27/%D8%B1%D8%B3%D8%A
7%D9%85%D8%A9%D9%83%D8%A7%D8%B1%D9%8A%D9%83%D8%A7%D8%AA%D9%8A
%D8%B1-%D9%81%D9%89%D8%AC%D8%B1%D9%8A%D8%AF%D8%A9%D8%A3%D8%AE%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%8A%D9%88%D9%85-%D8%AA/
Sharif, R. (2015, January 16). ‫ﺟﺮﯾﺪة اﻟﯿﻮم اﻟﺴﺎﺑﻊ ﺗﻨﺸﺮ ﺗﺤﻘﯿﻘﺎ ﻋﻨﺼﺮﯾﺎ ﺑﻌﻨﻮان‬Niggers [Youm7
Newspaper publishes a racist investigation titled Niggers]. Retrieved May 8,
2021 from Black in Egypt Web site:
https://Blackinegypt.wordpress.com/2015/01/16/%D8%AC%D8%B1%D9%8A
%D8%AF%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%8A%D9%88%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B3%D8%A7%D8%A8%D8%B9%D8%AA%D9%86%D8%B4%D8%B1%D8%AA%D8%AD%D9%82%D9%8A%D9%82%D8%A7%D8%B9%D9%86%D8%B5%D8%B1%D9%8A%D8%A7/
Siegelbaum, M. (2013, July 19). Black Egyptians Decry Daily Racism. Retrieved May 8,
2021 from Aljazeera: https://black.aljazeera.com/features/2013/07/19/Blackegyptians-decry-daily-racism/
Smith, E. A. (2006). Place, Class, and Race in the Barabra Café - Nubians in Egyptian
Media. In D. Singerman, & P. Amar (Eds.), Cairo Cosmopolitan - Politics,
Culture, and Urban Space in the New Globalized Middle East (pp. 399-414).
Cairo: The American University in Cairo Press.
Spiro, S. (1895). Arabic-English Vocabulary of the Colloquial Arabic of Egypt. Cairo:
Al-Mokattam Printing Office.
Tam, A. (2020). Blackface in Egypt: the theatre and film of Ali al-Kassar. British
Journal of Middle Eastern Studies.
Tera, M. (2018, March 29). Afashat Aflam 101. From Identity Magazine:
https://identity-mag.com/afashat-aflam-101/

75

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

The Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights & International Federation for Human
Rights. (2007). Egypt: Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and
Members of Their Families: NGO Alternative Report to the UN Committee on
the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of their
Families.
Toledano, E. R. (2008). Social and Economic Change in the "Long Nineteenth
Century'. In M. BLACK. Daly, The Cambridge History of Egypt - Modern
Egypt, from 1517 to the End of the Twentieth Century (Vol. Volume 2).
Cambridge University Press.
Understanding Media and Culture: An Introduction to Mass Communication is
adapted. (2016). Minneapolis: University Of Minnesota Libraries Publishing
Edition.
UNHCR Egypt. (2021). UNHCR Egypt Monthly Statistical Report. The United Nations
High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) .
Walker, A. (1983). In Search of Our Mothers’ Gardens - Womanist Prose. New York:
Open Road Integrated Media.
Walsh, D. (2019, August 18). Blackface, Staple of Arab Comedy, Faces Surge of
Criticism. Retrieved April 23, 2021 from The New York Times:
https://black.nytimes.com/2019/08/18/world/middleeast/Blackface-arab-tvracist.html
Wasel, F. (2014, May 10). ‫ ﻧﺪرس ﻣﻘﺎﺿﺎة‬:‫ﻋﻠﻰ اﻟﺮﺳﻮﻣﺎت اﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ "اﻟﻤﺼﺮي اﻟﯿﻮم"اﻟﻌﻮدة اﻟﻨﻮﺑﯿﺔ‬Nubian Return [Coalition]: We are Considering Suing Al-Masry Al-Youm for
the Racist Drawings. Retrieved April 21, 2021 from Vetogate Web site:
https://black.vetogate.com/Section-32/-‫ﻣﻘﺎﺿﺎة‬-‫ﻧﺪرس‬-‫اﻟﻨﻮﺑﯿﺔ‬-‫اﻟﻌﻮدة‬/‫وﻓﻨﻮن‬-‫ﺛﻘﺎﻓﺔ‬
1003247-‫اﻟﻌﻨﺼﺮﯾﺔ‬-‫اﻟﺮﺳﻮﻣﺎت‬-‫ﻋﻠﻰ‬-‫اﻟﯿﻮم‬-‫اﻟﻤﺼﺮي‬
Weaver, S. J. (2007). Humour, Rhetoric and Racism: A Sociological Critique of Racist
Humour. University of Bristol, Department of Sociology. University of
Bristol.
Wodak, R. M. (Ed.). (2001). Methods of Critical Discourse Analysis. Sage
Publications, Inc.
Wynn, l. l. (2007). Pyramids & Nightclubs. Austin: University Of Texas Press.
Youm 7 Newspaper. (2014, August 29). ‫ﻋﺼﺎﺑﺎت اﻻﻋﺘﺪاء ﻋﻠﻰ اﻟﺴﻮداﻧﯿﯿﻦ "ﺗﻮﺿﯿﺢ ﺑﺸﺄن ﻣﻮﺿﻮع‬
‫[ "واﻷﻓﺎرﻗﺔ‬Clarification on the topic of "Gangs Assaulting Sudanese and
Africans"]. Retrieved May 8, 2021 from Youm 7 Newspaper Web site:
https://black.youm7.com/story/2014/8/29/%D8%AA%D9%88%D8%B6%D9
%8A%D8%AD-%D8%A8%D8%B4%D8%A3%D9%86%D9%85%D9%88%D8%B6%D9%88%D8%B9-

76

Anti-blackness in Egypt

Islam Bara’ah Sabry

%D8%B9%D8%B5%D8%A7%D8%A8%D8%A7%D8%AA%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%B9%D8%AA%D8%AF%D8%A7%D8%A1%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%89-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%88%
Youm 7 Newspaper. (2021, January 15). ‫ ذﻛﺮى رﺣﯿﻞ ﻋﻠﻲ اﻟﻜﺴﺎر أﺷﮭﺮ ﻋﺜﻤﺎن ﻓﻰ‬..‫ ﺟﻨﯿﮫ‬3 ‫ﺳﻠﻔﻨﻰ‬
‫اﻟﺴﯿﻨﻤﺎ‬- Lend me 3 pounds [Movie title] – Memory of Ali Al-Kassar Cinema’s
Most Famous Uthman]. Retrieved April 10, 2021 from Youm 7 Newspaper
Web site:
https://black.youm7.com/story/2021/1/15/%D8%B3%D9%84%D9%81%D9%
86%D9%89-3-%D8%AC%D9%86%D9%8A%D9%87%D8%B0%D9%83%D8%B1%D9%89-%D8%B1%D8%AD%D9%8A%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%84%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%83%D8%B3%D8%A7%D8%B1%D8%A3%D8%B4%D9%87%D8%B1%D8%B9%D8%AB%D9%85%D8%A7%D9%
Zhen, L. (2016, January 26). Relationship Between Mass Media and Mass Culture:
Frankfurt School and Cultural Studies School. Canadian Social Science, 12(1),
23-28.

77

